In a sign that federal courts here in New York will defend New York City 's restrictive gun regulations , a judge is allowing the city to strip a disabled Vietnam War veteran of his gun license .
The decision , handed down this week , is likely the first court ruling to deal with New York 's gun-permitting scheme since the Supreme Court declared that the Second Amendment gives citizens an individual right to keep a gun at home for self - defense .
The veteran who lost his gun license , Dominick DiNapoli , said the Supreme Court 's decision ought to require that he gets back his gun permit .
" Who needs a gun more than someone like me , who is disabled and can't physically defend his home ? "
Mr. DiNapoli said in an interview .
The court decision , by Judge William Pauley III of U.S. District Court in Manhattan , does not mention the Second Amendment and defers entirely to the New York City Police Department 's permitting process .
New York 's gun-licensing system is expected to come under challenge soon on allegations that it restricts law - abiding citizens from keeping guns at home for self - defense .
In 1970 , police first issued Mr. DiNapoli , then a deer hunter , a license for a shotgun or rifle .
In 2002 , the department revoked it , citing both a brief period during which Mr. DiNapoli was homeless and criminal charges that had been filed against him and subsequently dropped , Judge Pauley wrote in the decision .
During the time Mr. DiNapoli was homeless  he was evicted from his apartment in 2001  and failed to inform the police department of a change of address , as is required of permitted gun owners , Judge Pauley noted .
The criminal charges against Mr. DiNapoli , filed in 2000 , alleged that he had sent a threatening letter to employees of the federal Department of Agriculture regarding his difficulties in obtaining food stamps .
Federal prosecutors subsequently dropped the charges in 2004 .
Mr. DiNapoli said he never threatened federal employees .
He said that he had written to request food stamps and explain that he was having difficulty paying rent , which had , in turn , led to a feud with his landlord .
Mr. DiNapoli said he had written that he feared the feud would turn violent and that he might need to use his guns in self - defense .
In the end , the police department had decided that the Mr. DiNapoli 's actions " indicated a lack of good moral character for firearms possession , " Judge Pauley wrote .
Mr. DiNapoli's suit argued that the police department places illegal administrative obstacles between people and firearm licenses , by requiring repeated visits to One Police Plaza to submit paperwork or attend hearings and interviews .
Mr. DiNapoli's suit claims that his disabilities  he suffers from joint disease , back trouble , and vertigo  render him unable to travel to One Police Plaza from his home in the Bronx to attend the hearings relating to his case .
In court papers , Mr. DiNapoli explains his complaint by quoting directly from the Declaration of Independence .
He accuses the police department of holding inconvenient hearings " for the sole purpose of fatiguing " people " into compliance , " one of the grievances listed against King George III .
Mr. DiNapoli is a former UPS employee and self - employed woodworker , he said .
He now spends most of his time writing to various government agencies and trying to secure accomodation for his disabilities .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
At least 24,000 people have been forced to leave their homes in Iowa because of floods caused by heavy storms .
One of the areas worst affected is Cedar Rapids city , where nearly 4,000 homes have been evacuated .
David Howell is a video editor living in the city .
He sent the BBC mobile phone footage of the flooding near him and here he tells how he has been affected :
We 've had heavy rain here now for three weeks .
We have n't had more than two or three dry days before we get another downpour .
We were warned that there was going to be heavy storms but no one imagined it would be as bad as this .
City officials were really quick in organising everything but the water was just too fast .
Around 20,000 people have been evacuated which is roughly a third of the city .
Luckily , my wife and I live on higher ground so the threat of us having to leave our home has gone .
Our basement , which was flooded , is now beginning to dry out but we still have standing water in our backyard .
At the moment , our biggest problem is having fresh water .
The rains flooded the city wells so we are all on water rationing .
We 've started to use the water that we 're pumping out of our basement to wash the dishes and flush the toilet , but we have roughly a day and a half 's drinking water left .
I wanted the rest of the world to know what was happening to us down here which is why I did the video .
Most of the country 's food comes from here in the Midwest and this flood has destroyed most of the crops .
As well as affecting us living in Iowa , this flood is going to affect a lot of people in the States .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : near school
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
This has been eating me , it just really hurt my feelings and I need to get it off my chest okay ?
You were like , totally mean to me .
I was talking to my bf alright ?
I like him better than you , I 'd rather talk to him than you , so next time could you just wait for me to hang up ?
Really , the line behind me is n't that long .
You did n't have to look so bitchy , I was almost done , I mean , I was holding up my finger , that usually means wait !
But you just went on to that next guy , so , like , I hung up for nothing ?
Anyway when you finally got around to me it was like you did n't even want to take my order .
I was nice , okay ?
I know what I want is complicated , so I said it real slow so understand .
It 's a grande vanilla latte with two and a half pumps of the SUGAR - FREE syrup .
And skim milk .
But I want it extra hot , okay ?
To like 182.5 degrees .
And no foam , I do n't like foam , it 's too much like when I used to eat my bubble bath as a kid .
And , you know , the least you could do is double cup it , you know ?
A latte that hot could hurt me , I have sensitive hands .
Maybe you should , like , memorize this so that next time when I come in you recognize me and you know what I want right away .
Yeah , whatever , you serve hundreds of people every day blah blah blah .
I 'm the orange spray tanned one with a purse I could fit a Doberman in .
Oh and I 'm usually wearing Uggs , they 're just so comfy and stylish , you know ?
You should totally try to learn your customers ' orders , it makes us happy .
So anyway , when you finally got my order right I asked you for an apple baba , not so hard .
My phone rang while you went to get a plate , it was really important so I took it .
Anyway my bf was RIGHT in the middle of telling me how cute I am when you TOTALLY interrupted to take my money .
Like , was I not obviously in the middle of something ?
You'd think you could take a hint , like , if you tell me my total and I do n't answer you 'd just wait like any polite person , but no , you like basically yelled it at me , it was so embarrassing .
I was n't about to hang up again , okay ?
You 're not the only one that exists !
So fine , I 'll give you your stupid money , you 're lucky I have exact change , even if I have to dig for it a bit in my enormous purse .
I 'm doing you a favor get over it .
But , like , it 's hard to count change and talk on the phone at the same time , you know ?
Really , if I was n't on the phone I could count like a normal person , but give me a sec , I 'm multitasking , the people behind me get it , we 've all had to before .
Tip ?
No , sorry , Daddy does n't like me spending my allowance on things I do n't need .
Anyway , you and your friend who makes the drinks were really bitchy .
I was just asking her to make sure it was sugar - free , alright ?
Geez , you 'd think I insulted your moms or something .
Have a nice day yourself .
When I come back tomorrow to spend four hours on Facebook I 'm totally not going to be as nice as I was today .
After the recent release KDE 4.1 beta 2 and openSUSE 11 with KDE 4.0.4 , some critics have been especially vocal in expressing their displeasure with the KDE 4 user interface paradigms .
The debate has grown increasingly caustic as critics and supporters engage in a war of words over the technology .
The controversy has escalated to the point where some users are now advocating a fork in order to move forward the old KDE 3.5 UI paradigms .
As an observer who has closely studied each new release of KDE 4 , I 'm convinced that the fork rhetoric is an absurdly unproductive direction for this debate .
For those who are unacquainted with the KDE 4 controversy , I 'll start with a brief background overview .
KDE 4.0 is the product of an extremely ambitious overhaul initiative that was launched by the KDE community .
The desktop environment got its most extensive update in history with changes that impacted the underlying architecture , the development process , and the user interface .
It was finally released in January in a very incomplete and marginally usable state .
The developers claimed that the premature release was necessary in order to increase momentum and facilitate broader end - user testing .
The 4.1 release , they said , was the one that would be ready for mainstream adoption .
This decision was extremely controversial and has created uncertainty for many users who depend on the software .
A rough migration
As KDE 4 begins to replace the stable 3.5.x series as the default KDE environment in major distributions , users who are now migrating to the new version are being exposed to a lot of the rough edges .
This has ignited a new wave of complaints much like those we saw shortly after the initial launch .
One of the most recent critics is Steven J. Vaughan - Nichols , former senior editor at Ziff Davis , longtime Linux writer and KDE user .
He wrote a negative review of KDE 4.0.4 on openSUSE 11 last week and complained about some of the deficiencies .
I was a bit surprised by his review , because I happen to really like openSUSE 11 , and I think it provides a reasonably polished KDE experience that beats other distros , but I did see merit in some of his criticisms , and I could definitely sympathize with his position .
It frustrated me to see the vicious backlash against his commentary from some KDE enthusiasts who seem to have no patience for negative opinions .
Although I can't reproduce most of the stability problems he complains about , his frustration with the environment is understandable .
KDE 4.0.4 is still relatively incomplete and there are a lot of nice goodies in the latest 4.1 beta that offer a much better experience .
Several readers encouraged him to take a look .
He was apparently so disappointed with what he saw that he is now calling for a fork .
His initial critique could have been the starting point for some meaningful open dialog about interface design and the technical direction of KDE 4 , but bitterness on both sides has made that difficult .
Delivering on KDE 4's potential
Steven singles out KDE 4.1's desktop folder view plasmoid for criticism , but I regard it as one of the most promising features in KDE 4.1 .
In fact , I think the new desktop folder view offers some of the first truly compelling evidence that Plasma can deliver on its potential and provide more than just a conventional widget layer .
I think it 's innovative and it increases the efficiency of my workflow .
The value of conventional desktop icons is that they allow users to organize their files into spatially relevant groupings .
But most users just treat the desktop as a dumping ground for temporary content because moving things to and from the desktop requires more interaction and is n't always feasible if you need your project to have a consistent path .
The KDE 4.1 folder view is a plasmoid that contains the icons of a specified folder .
Users can place folder view plasmoids on the desktop and interact with the contents just like regular KDE 3.5.x desktop icons .
The beauty of the system is that it gives you all the advantages of a conventional desktop but allows for simultaneous access to files that are in multiple locations .
In response to my review of the last KDE 4.1 beta , several readers asked for some clarification about how Plasma windows are different from conventional windows .
The benefits are n't immediately obvious to some users , but I find the Plasma model to be advantageous in many ways .
Say that I have three folder - view plasmoids open on my desktop with the source code of various parts of a program I 'm writing .
If I was using a file manager instead , that would be three extra windows to rotate through when I 'm using alt+tab .
It would be three extra windows cluttering up my task list .
It would be three extra windows that I have to move and manage when I need to get to something else .
Plasmoids do n't get in the way like that , they just cling to the desktop and pop to the top when I activate the plasma layer .
It 's very clean and efficient in a lot of ways .
There are also downsides , too .
For instance , the mechanism for resizing plasmoids still feels cumbersome to me compared to regular windows , and there is no way to remove plasmoids directly with the keyboard .
These issues , and other problems that still detract from Plasma 's usefulness , are all fixable .
This is why I think that the call for a fork is deeply misguided .
The most egregious problems that made Plasma suck in 4.0 have all been addressed .
The lack of panel configurability was one of my biggest initial complaints , for instance , but the new panel configuration system is usable and clever .
The current solutions are n't perfect , but they demonstrate that Plasma is viable and has the potential to offer superior alternatives to the KDE 3.5 model in many places .
The single greatest strength of Plasma is the inherent mutability that it brings to the desktop .
It provides a very flexible framework within which the developers can experiment with completely different paradigms for basic components of the user interface .
That is why a fork is a profoundly misguided option at this stage .
If Steven and other critics do n't like the way it works , they can leverage Plasma to create something that they do like , and it would be easier and more productive to do that than it would be to maintain a complete fork of KDE 3.5.x .
KDE 4.1 does n't force users to accept the new interface models .
Users who prefer a conventional desktop can simply use one folder view plasmoid and make it fill the screen .
Users who do n't like the new file manager can still use the old one , which recently regained some of the useful features that were initially lost in the port to 4.0 .
I personally do n't particularly like the new KDE 4 applications menu , but I can still happily use the old one , which is included as an optional plasmoid .
Many of the complaints at this point are emotional rather than rational .
I have used both GNOME and KDE extensively over the years , but have been mostly committed to GNOME in recent times .
When KDE 4.0 was first released , I was extremely skeptical about Plasma .
I saw a lot of innovation under the surface , but did n't see anything at all to impress me in the parts that were visible to the end user .
The work that has been done in the time since the 4.0 release is very compelling and has completely convinced me that the strength of Plasma 's underlying architecture can be translated into very real and tangible improvements to the end user experience .
Although KDE 4.1 is gearing up to deliver a very strong user experience , the negative impression left by the clumsy 4.0 release will turn off a lot of users like Steven and prevent them from giving 4.1 a fair chance .
That 's the biggest tragedy of this whole debacle .
The 4.0 release was accompanied by a mixed message that was poorly conveyed and poorly received .
The developers said that it was n't ready for users while simultaneously defending the early release by saying that they did it so they could entice regular users to participate in broader testing .
A bad release burns a lot of trust and makes it hard for users to give developers the benefit of the doubt .
I encourage users to look beneath the surface and try to understand how the emerging features fit into the long - term roadmap .
There is a lot to like in KDE 4.1 if you are willing to approach it with an open mind and not simply dismiss it because it 's different .
BOULDER CITY , Nev. 
At first , as he adjusted pumps and checked temperatures , Aaron Boucher looked like any technician in the control room of an electrical plant .
Then he rushed to the window and scanned the sky , to check his fuel supply .
Mr. Boucher was battling clouds , timing the operations of his power plant to get the most out of patchy sunshine .
It is a skill that may soon be in greater demand , for the world appears to be on the verge of a boom in a little - known but promising type of solar power .
It is not the kind that features shiny panels bolted to the roofs of houses .
This type involves covering acres of desert with mirrors that focus intense sunlight on a fluid , heating it enough to make steam .
The steam turns a turbine and generates electricity .
The technology is not new , but it is suddenly in high demand .
As prices rise for fossil fuels and worries grow about their contribution to global warming , solar thermal plants are being viewed as a renewable power source with huge potential .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/a\/ae\/Grow-a-Garden-in-a-Bottle-Step-1-Version-3.jpg\/v4-460px-Grow-a-Garden-in-a-Bottle-Step-1-Version-3.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/a\/ae\/Grow-a-Garden-in-a-Bottle-Step-1-Version-3.jpg\/aid351296-v4-728px-Grow-a-Garden-in-a-Bottle-Step-1-Version-3.jpg " , " smallWidth " : 460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p>\u00a9 2020 wikiHow , Inc .
All rights reserved .
wikiHow , Inc. is the copyright holder of this image under U.S. and international copyright laws .
This image is < b > not < \/b> licensed under the Creative Commons license applied to text content and some other images posted to the wikiHow website .
This image may not be used by other entities without the express written consent of wikiHow , Inc. < br >
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
Hurricane expert reconsiders global warming 's impact
One of the most influential scientists behind the theory that global warming has intensified recent hurricane activity says he will reconsider his stand .
The hurricane expert , Kerry Emanuel of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , unveiled a novel technique for predicting future hurricane activity this week .
The new work suggests that , even in a dramatically warming world , hurricane frequency and intensity may not substantially rise during the next two centuries .
The research , appearing in the March issue of Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society , is all the more remarkable coming from Emanuel , a highly visible leader in his field and long an ardent proponent of a link between global warming and much stronger hurricanes .
His changing views could influence other scientists .
" The results surprised me , " Emanuel said of his work , adding that global warming may still play a role in raising the intensity of hurricanes .
What that role is , however , remains far from certain .
Emanuel 's work uses a new method of computer modeling that did a reasonable job of simulating past hurricane fluctuations .
He , therefore , believes the models may have predictive value for future activity .
During and after the 2004 and 2005 hurricane seasons , which were replete with mega-storms and U.S. landfalls , scientists dived into the question of whether rising ocean temperatures , attributed primarily to global warming , were causing stronger storms .
Among the first to publish was Emanuel , who — just three weeks before Hurricane Katrina 's landfall — published a paper in Nature that concluded a key measurement of the power dissipated by a storm during its lifetime had risen dramatically since the mid-1970s .
In the future , he argued , incredibly active hurricane years such as 2005 would become the norm rather than flukes .
Other factors likely
This view , amplified by environmentalists and others concerned about global warming , helped establish in the public 's mind that " super " hurricanes were one of climate change 's most critical threats .
A satellite image of a hurricane emanating from a smokestack featured prominently in promotions for Al Gore 's An Inconvenient Truth .
" Kerry had the good fortune , or maybe the bad fortune , to publish when the world 's attention was focused on hurricanes in 2005 , " Roger Pielke Jr. , who studies science and policy at the University of Colorado , said of Emanuel .
" Kerry 's work was seized upon in the debate . "
After the 2005 hurricane season , a series of other papers were published that appeared to show , among other things , that the most intense hurricanes were becoming more frequent .
What has not been as broadly disseminated , say Pielke and some hurricane scientists , is that other research papers have emerged that suggest global warming has yet to leave an imprint on hurricane activity .
One of them , published late last year in Nature , found that warming seas may not increase hurricane intensity .
That paper 's co-author , Gabriel Vecchi , a research scientist with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , said Emanuel 's new work highlights the great uncertainty that remains in hurricane science .
" While his results do n't rule out the possibility that global warming has contributed to the recent increase in activity in the Atlantic , they suggest that other factors — possibly in addition to global warming — are likely to have been substantial contributors to the observed increase in activity , " Vecchi said .
Scientists wrangling with the hurricane - global warming question have faced two primary difficulties .
The first is that the hurricane record before 1970 is not entirely reliable , making it nearly impossible to assess with precision whether hurricane activity has increased during the last century .
The second problem comes through the use of computer models to predict hurricane activity .
Most climate models , which simulate global atmospheric conditions for centuries to come , cannot detect individual tropical systems .
Emanuel 's new research attempts to get around that by inserting " seeds " of tropical systems throughout the climate models and seeing which develop into tropical storms and hurricanes .
The " seeds , " bits of computer code , tend to develop when simulated atmospheric conditions , such as low wind shear , are ripe for hurricane formation .
' A lot of work to do '
In the new paper , Emanuel and his co-authors project activity nearly two centuries hence , finding an overall drop in the number of hurricanes around the world , while the intensity of storms in some regions does rise .
For example , with Atlantic hurricanes , two of the seven model simulations Emanuel ran suggested that the overall intensity of storms would decline .
Five models suggested a modest increase .
" The take - home message is that we 've got a lot of work to do , " Emanuel said .
" There 's still a lot of uncertainty in this problem .
The bulk of the evidence is that hurricane power will go up , but in some places it will go down . "
The issue probably will not be resolved until better computer models are developed , said Judith Curry , of the Georgia Institute of Technology , a leading hurricane and climate scholar .
By publishing his new paper , and by the virtue of his high profile , Emanuel could be a catalyst for further agreement in the field of hurricanes and global warming , Curry said .
The generally emerging view , she said , seems to be that global warming may cause some increase in intensity , that this increase will develop slowly over time , and that it likely will lead to a few more Category 4 and Category 5 storms .
How many ?
When ?
No one yet knows .
eric.berger@chron.com
As developments on the ground in Iraq and Afghanistan continue to undermine his campaign , Republican John McCain tried to play the Bin Laden card on Friday .
Repeating his claim " I know how to win wars , " McCain told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that " I know how " to capture Osama Bin Laden .
Apparently , the McCain strategy , as he never tires of telling voters , is to follow Bin Laden to " the gates of hell . "
Appearing on the Situation Room , John McCain suggested that his record on Iraq and expertise on the geography of the Iraq - Pakistan border region would allow him to succeed where George W. Bush failed in capturing the Al Qaeda chieftain :
" I 'm not going to telegraph a lot of the things that I 'm going to do because then it might compromise our ability to do so .
But , look , I know the area , I have been there , I know wars , I know how to win wars , and I know how to improve our capabilities so that we will capture Osama bin Laden -- or put it this way , bring him to justice …
We will do it , I know how to do it . "
Download Download
No doubt , McCain has n't been shy when it comes to explaining how he 'll bag Bin Laden .
Over the course of the campaign , Senator McCain has repeated his pledge to hunt down Osama Bin Laden and follow him " to the gates of hell . "
For example , in May 2007 , McCain described himself as the dog that 'll hunt :
" We will do whatever is necessary .
We will track him down .
We will capture him .
We will bring him to justice , and I will follow him to the gates of Hell . "
Then in October , McCain told workers at a small weapons factory in New Hampshire :
" I will follow Osama Bin Laden to the gates of hell and I will shoot him with your products . "
And in January , McCain reassured suspicious South Carolina voters as well , just in case they had missed his earlier promises on the point :
" My friends , I want to stand before you now and tell you that if I have to follow him to the gates of hell I will get Osama Bin Laden and I will bring him to justice .
I will get him ! "
In New Jersey last month , McCain pledged , like President Bush before him , that he would get Bin Laden , dead or alive :
" I will look you in the eye and promise you that I will get Osama bin Laden and bring him to justice . "
McCain said in response to a direct question from one of the 2,000 people in attendance at the college 's Pemberton campus gym .
McCain said the key to ending the long search for bin Laden was to increase the number of human spies abroad .
" We need better human intelligence .
We need people who can swim in the water , " McCain said .
( McCain , of course , was speaking metaphorically .
Referring not to aquatically proficient spies who would make their way overland to Waziristan after first swimming across the Indian Ocean , McCain was instead describing agents capable of seamlessly mixing in among the peoples of Afghanistan and Pakistan . )
Meanwhile , rumors continue to swirl that McCain will tap Mitt Romney as his running mate .
Their shared commitment to get Bin Laden may have something to do with Romney 's appeal to Mr. StraightTalk .
After all , in May , Romney also made a promise when it comes to Osama Bin Laden .
" He 's going to pay , " he said , " and he will die . "
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
Here 's a scary , and relevant , question to ponder as the housing market continues to slide :
What would it take for the government to step in and help Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , and how would a rescue affect you , the taxpayer ?
It 's been a brutal week for Freddie ( FRE , Fortune 500 ) and Fannie ( FNM , Fortune 500 ) .
A Lehman analyst report Monday kicked off a stock rout that had shares in the mortgage finance giants hitting fresh multi-year lows Thursday .
Freddie plummeted 22 % Thursday .
Fannie was down nearly 14 % .
The beating continued Friday .
Freddie and Fannie shares tumbled in early trading before recovering some of their lost ground .
In afternoon trading , Freddie shares were down 14 % ; Fannie was off more than 26 % .
The stock plunge , together with Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke 's downbeat housing outlook on Tuesday , is forcing investors to consider what would happen if a bailout is needed - a prospect raised Thursday when William Poole , the former president of the St. Louis Federal Reserve , told Bloomberg the companies are already " insolvent . "
Also on Thursday , The Wall Street Journal reported that officials at the U.S. Treasury Department have been monitoring the companies for months as part of its normal contingency planning , but that discussions about what to do should they collapse have picked up in recent weeks .
A grim outlook
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are government - sponsored enterprises that help the mortgage market function by purchasing pools of loans and packaging them into securities .
If one or both could n't function , the result would be chaos .
At the end of last year , Fannie alone had packaged and guaranteed about $ 2.8 trillion worth of mortgages , approximately 23 % of all outstanding U.S. mortgage debt .
And these securities are highly rated and sold to investors all over the world .
" If Fannie or Freddie failed , it would be far worse than the fall of [ investment bank ]
Bear Stearns , " says Sean Egan , head of credit ratings firm Egan Jones .
" It could throw the economy into depression or something close to it . "
Clearly , investors are concerned .
Credit default swaps - a kind of insurance against the possibility of Fannie and Freddie defaulting on their corporate bonds , are at their most expensive levels in 14 weeks ; both companies are expected to report steep losses for the second quarter ; and their main business , mortgage securitization , is under pressure as home price values decline and foreclosure numbers rise .
" The major issue is that these are very leveraged financial institutions , leveraged much more than any other bank , and they have lots of mortgage assets .
As real estate values decline every day , the value of [ the mortgages that it bundles , guarantees , and sells ] are called into question , " says Dalton Investments co-founder Steve Persky , who has been focused on distressed mortgage assets .
The possibility of government aid looms because it's hard to see how the private market can help the companies .
Their stock market values have dropped so low that it would be difficult for them to raise money .
For example , Egan estimates that Freddie alone will need to raise $ 7 billion over the next two quarters due to writedowns and losses .
But the company 's market capitalization - the number of outstanding shares times the share price stands at $ 8.7 billion .
" An investment banker would be hard pressed to raise an amount of money nearly equal to the value of the entire company , " Egan says .
What 's more , both companies have already raised a total of $ 13 billion by issuing preferred stock at the end of 2007 ; and they reduced their dividend payments to conserve cash .
The disaster scenarios
The Federal Reserve and the Treasury have taken great pains to point out that the government is not obligated to bail out either Fannie or Freddie if they face insolvency .
It 's debatable where the legal obligations lie , but as a practical matter , the government can't let these institutions fail because they are being counted up on to help fix the mortgage mess .
If Fannie and Freddie were unable to buy and back loans , banks would stop originating them and the pool of homebuyers would shrink , causing home prices to fall even further .
" If the government believes the companies serve an essential role in the market , which they do , they cannot let them fail , " says Joseph Mason , an economics professor with the University of Louisiana who focuses on the mortgage markets .
So what would force the Treasury and Fed to step in ?
Fannie and Freddie are among the most highly - leveraged companies around , meaning the amount of capital they have on hand is nowhere close to the level of assets they control .
Fannie and Freddie must constantly borrow money in order to operate ; if for any reason borrowing costs rose sharply they would not be able to make good on their guarantees or even fund their day to day operations .
This is when the government would feel intense pressure to step in and , at the very least , pay contracts in a timely manner .
In an April report , Standard & Poor 's said an Armageddon scenario whereby Fannie and Freddie are insolvent is unlikely , but that the mere possibility of failure at either is a greater threat to the economy than the actual collapse of any investment bank .
The bailout scenarios
So what might it look like if the government had to lend a hand ?
Outright nationalization is an unlikely option given that neither the current administration nor the presidential candidates could afford to support such a move in an election year .
More likely , the Treasury Department or the Federal Reserve would come in and provide a liquidity backstop , in the form of a loan or guarantee to bondholders that they will be paid .
Fannie and Freddie could even do a preferred stock deal with the government , much like the deal forged by Citigroup with the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority , says Egan .
That would allow give officials the ability to argue that they were n't bailing out the companies , but rather making an investment that would pay off in the long run .
Mason has a diffferent twist on a possible intervention .
If either were to face insolvency , he says the government should purchase a large voting block of equity in the institution and use that as a tool to eliminate any dividends , replace officers and manage the firms back to solvency .
" But [ a rescue ] would be a political situation , so it would be messy , " says Mason .
" Fannie and Freddie would fight against having officers replaced .
They would want to keep the dividend . "
The doomsday scenario could cost taxpayers more than $ 1 trillion , says the S&P report .
The report went so far as to say that a government bailout of Fannie or Freddie could force the agency to lower its rating on the creditworthiness of the United States .
THE RELENTLESS surge in energy prices and growing concerns about global warming are motivating many of us to change the way we use energy .
Compared with the same period a year earlier , Americans drove 22 billion fewer miles from last November through April .
Demand for smaller , more fuel efficient cars exceeds supply , as do seats on the MBTA at rush ... ( Full article : 692 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
The DutchAmsterdam website includes affiliate links .
That means we get a small commission — — for each purchase you make .
Your support helps us provide this site free of charge .
Naturally , as our Editorial Policy states , our content is never influenced by our advertisers or affiliates .
Advertisements
Today , John McCain gave a speech where he tried to paint Barack Obama as opposed to funding for the troops .
In response the Obama campaign released a list of McCain ’s votes against funding for the troops .
Let ’s take a look at some of those votes .
In his speech at the American GI Forum , McCain said about Obama , “ And as our troops took the fight to the enemy , Senator Obama tried to cut off funding for them .
He was one of only 14 senators to vote against the emergency funding in May 2007 that supported our troops in Iraq and Afghanistan .
He would choose to lose in Iraq in hopes of winning in Afghanistan .
But had his position been adopted , we would have lost both wars . ”
From the Obama campaign here is a list of some of the things McCain voted against , “ Obama Voted for and McCain Voted Against $ 360 Million for Armored Vehicles for Troops in Iraq and Afghanistan .
In 2005 , Obama voted for and McCain voted against providing $ 360.8 million for armored tactical wheeled vehicles for units deployed in Iraq and Afghanistan and $ 5 million to establish ballistics engineering research centers at two major research institutions .
The measure against which McCain voted also required such centers to advance knowledge and application of ballistics materials and procedures to improve the safety of land - based military vehicles .
[ HR 2863 , Vote 248 , 10/5/05 , Passed 56 - 43 : R 13-42 D 42-1 I 1 - 0 ] ”
Advertisements
McCain voted twice against repealing the capital gains tax cut and applying the savings to replace equipment used by the Army and Marines in Iraq and Afghanistan , “ A week later , prior to the issuance of a conference report regarding that measure , Obama voted for and McCain voted against a measure to “ insist that conference report include funding to strengthen America ’s military , as contained in Senate - passed amendment , instead of any extension of tax cuts for capital gains and dividends ( which do not expire until 2009 ) , as contained in House - passed bill . ”
[ HR 4297 , Vote 8 , 2/2/06 , Passed 44 - 53 : R 1-52 D 42-1 I 1-0 ; HR 4297 , Vote 18 , 2/14/06 , Failed 45 - 55 : R 1 -54 D 43-1 I 1-0 ] ”
McCain voted against providing an additional $ 322 million for troop equipment and body armor .
[ S 1689 , Vote 376 , 10/2/03 , Passed 49 - 37 : R 46-0 D 2-37 I 1- 0 ; National Journal ’s CongressDaily , 10/3/03 ] .
He also voted against $ 1 billion in new equipment for the National Guard . .
[ S 762 , Vote 116 , 4/2/03 , Passed 52 - 47 : R 51-0 D 1-46 I 0 - 1 ]
McCain also has numerous votes against increased funding for veterans ’ health care .
[ HR 4297 , Vote 7 , Failed 44 - 53 : R 1 - 52 ; D 42-1 ( ND 38 - 1 , SD 4 - 0 ) ; I 1-0 ; 2/2/06 HR 4939 , Vote 98 , 4/26/06 , Passed 84-13 , D 41-0 ; R 42 - 13 ; I 1- 0 ; The Independent Budget , A Budget for Veterans by Veterans , 2/10/06 ; Newsweek , 1/19/06 ]
McCain did vote for tripling veterans ’ health care fees , while he opposed increased funding for veterans ’ health care .
So , John McCain , this supposed friend of the troops and American patriot has voted against equipment , medical care , and the new GI Bill for the troops .
It seems that in McCain ’s eyes the troops are only good for fighting .
He does n’t care if they have the right equipment while they are in battle or the proper care when they come home .
If this is the definition of a patriot , then I would rather do the right thing by the people in the military and be called a traitor .
John McCain was a hero as a soldier , but he has betrayed a generation of those who serve , by putting his own ambitions ahead of his moral duty to those who serve .
Obama Memo
McCain ’s Speech
DOG may be off the menu for the Olympic Games , but adventurous gourmets can still choose from a dazzling array of culinary delights in Beijing - from seal penis to cow stomach , deep - fried scorpions or sea urchins , turtle ( really best done as a broth ) and brains in hot pot .
The banning of dog from official Olympic eateries , most of which seem to be in the 112 designated Olympic hotels , is just one example of the lengths the authorities are going to make foreigners welcome and safe .
Not only have standard English translations been introduced for hundreds of the most popular Chinese dishes in Beijing , a sophisticated food monitoring system is promising that if a food - borne illness occurs at an Olympic site , the source can be tracked within 10 minutes .
The ban on serving dog , by the Beijing Catering Trade Association , is not binding on the rest of the city 's thousands of restaurants , but they too have been urged to take canine off the menu in the interests of not upsetting too many foreigners .
Locals may be grumbling after some of the city 's favourite eateries were forced to close for two months because they are considered too close to venues , but others such as Beijing 's first specialty penis restaurant is still taking bookings .
Top McCain fundraiser has Abramoff ties Diane Sweet
Published : Thursday July 17 , 2008
Print This Email This
As a member of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs , John McCain began the hearings that brought down Jack Abramoff , the former K - Street lobbyist , and key figure in a political scandal that landed Abramoff in jail .
But in Senator McCain 's list of his ' bundlers ' - or top money collectors - his campaign released this week , among the names was Juan Carlos Benitez , a fellow lawyer and lobbyist whom Abramoff had supported for a Bush administration post in 2001 .
Questions have previously been raised about Benitez apart from his possible relationship with Abramoff .
According to the blog Fired Up America , Benitez was lobbying for the island of Guam in 2003 , at the same time that his wife was a special adviser on economic policy at the Department of the Interior , responsible for helping improve economic conditions on that island .
" Mr. Benitez received a fee of $ 125,000 per month from the taxpayers of Guam , to arrange meetings that the taxpayers of the United States and Guam were already paying his wife to undertake . "
The four - person lobbying team Benitez put together for the Guam account also included two men , David DiStefano and Roy Coffee , who were closely involved at the same time with the now - disgraced Rep. Bob Ney .
Ney pleaded guilty in 2006 to corruption charges related to his dealings both with Jack Abramoff and with a shadowy European firm called FN Aviation .
DiStefano , a former
Ney chief of staff , and Coffee , who had been part of George W. Bush 's staff when he was governor of Texas , both worked for FN Aviation in 2003 and also donated generously to Ney 's campaign .
From the New York Times ' ' The Caucus ' political blog : " According to a 2006 report of the House Committee on Government Reform , Mr. Abramoff had urged the appointment of Mr. Benitez as special counsel for immigration - related unfair employment practices .
He was named to the position in 2001 .
The committee 's report said Mr. Benitez 's job at the Justice Department " gave Benitez authority " to conduct investigations into unfair labor practices that were ' issues of importance to Abramoff clients . ' "
After leaving the administration , Mr. Benitez joined the K Street lobbying firm Cassidy & Associates , whose Web site says he " has exceptionally close ties to the White House . "
Mr. Benitez said Mr. Abramoff had done him no favors .
They had competed for lobbying contracts , Mr. Benitez said , adding that Mr. Abramoff had sought an administration job for Mr. Benitez to get him out of the business .
Mr. Benitez said he had no communications with Mr. Abramoff while working at the Justice Department . "
Mr. Benitez raised $ 50,000 to $ 100,000 for McCain , according to his web site .
A McCain spokesman , Brian Rogers said : " Jack Abramoff was just one of several people that recommended Mr. Benitez to the Justice Department .
We hope that it is clear that the campaign is not aware of any hint of an allegation against Mr. Benitez . "
If we are asked to describe human we immediately say that “ Thinking Animal ” , but when i see these thinking animals that decided to live in peace in interspecies my mind totally changed .
We thinking animals could not bear to live all together but those animals do .
Now you decide who is thinking animal us , humans or those peacefull friends … .
I believe we are not thinking , but animals , really wild animals … .
American biologist Zeb Hogan , left , and British angler Rick Humphrey , right , examine a stingray captured by two Thai fishermen in the Maeklong River , on May 30 .
Hogan is on a worldwide quest to find the largest freshwater fish .
Enlarge By Zeb Hogan , University of Nevada - Reno , via AP Biologist Zeb Hogan , who is on a worldwide quest to find the largest freshwater fish , believes there is one out there that could take the title from the Mekong Giant Catfish , which currently holds the world record at 293 kilograms .
Rushing across a temple parking lot , British angler Rick Humphreys yells , " We 've got a fish . "
He jumps into a small motorboat on the Maeklong River in time to see Wirat Moungnum bring the prize to the surface — a rare , giant freshwater stingray that weighs as much as 44 pounds .
It bursts through the murky water exposing a soft , white underbelly the size of a trash can lid .
The crew scrambles to string a rope through its gill - like slits and wrap a towel around its 5 - foot - long tail that has a venomous barb .
" It 's a start , " Humphreys says almost apologetically .
The specimen is a tenth of the size of the largest rays .
" There are a lot bigger ones than that . "
Humphreys is serving as a guide for American biologist Zeb Hogan , who is on a worldwide quest for the largest freshwater fish .
Hogan , 34 , has heard the stories of Cambodian fishermen catching rays that weighed over 1,100 pounds with wingspans of 14 feet .
But so far , they are just stories .
If he can confirm them , he could eclipse the world record now held by the Mekong giant catfish .
" It could be the largest fish in the world and we know next to nothing about it , " Hogan says .
" I 've spent five years on the Mekong looking for rays and only saw two or three .
They were nowhere near the size I 'd heard about . "
Hogan 's quest is part of the Megafishes project financed by the National Geographic Society .
The three - year project , which started in 2006 , aims to document and protect freshwater giants that weigh at least 200 pounds or measure 6 feet long .
The project will take Hogan to 14 freshwater systems on six continents , including the Mekong , Nile , Mississippi and Amazon rivers .
Time is running out for many of the species .
The Chinese paddle fish and the dog-eating catfish in Southeast Asia are on the brink of extinction because of pollution , overfishing and dam building .
In the Yangtze , where the Three Gorges Dam is a serious threat , Chinese paddle fish have n't been caught since 2003 .
" Of the two dozen or so species of giant fish , about 70 % are threatened with extinction , " says Hogan , an assistant research professor at the University of Nevada - Reno .
Hogan dresses like a tourist with a baseball cap and shorts and has the boyish enthusiasm of an explorer .
He spends much of the year searching for these large fish .
So far , he has focused mostly on Asia , where he once traveled 36 hours by road to catch the taimen in Mongolia .
He just returned from Bhutan , where he scoured the river canyons for mahseer , which can only be caught by the country 's monarch .
Hogan said he was drawn to the freshwater ray , known scientifically as Himantura chaophraya , because so little is known about it .
Listed as vulnerable by the International Union for Conservation of Nature , it is believed to be found in rivers from Thailand to northern Australia .
Scientists only discovered it 18 years ago , and its population is unknown .
" I have so many questions about this stingray , " Hogan says .
" Is it truly a freshwater species ?
Where does it breed ?
What are its migratory patterns ? "
Hogan spent the past few years on the Mekong in a futile effort to catch rays , because the nets of Cambodian fishermen were no match for them .
Rays also are nearly impossible to spot , since they spend much of their time scrounging for small fish , shrimp , crabs and mollusks that live on the bottom of these muddy rivers .
A few months ago , Hogan got wind of big rays being caught and released by Humphreys ' company FishSiam in Thailand .
Unlike the Cambodian fishermen , FishSiam uses modern rods and reels used to catch other big game fish .
At first he was skeptical , then excited .
Humphreys seems an unlikely partner in Hogan 's quest .
With his beady eyes and bald head , Hogan looks the part of bouncer , and his thick Cockney accent can be hard to understand .
He has no scientific training .
But he knows how to fish , and his team 's success in catching stingrays is almost unmatched in Thailand .
Just in the past year , Humphreys and his partner , Wuttichai Khuensuwan , have caught 40 rays on the Ban Pakong and Maeklong Rivers , the largest weighing in at 485 pounds .
Humphreys , who got his start catching carp in West London gravel pits , says he prefers stingrays because of their fight .
They routinely break fishing lines , he says , and one took 15 of his men about six hours to bring to the surface .
" Their strength is legendary , " he says .
" When you see them in the flesh , it is quite humbling . "
Catching a ray can be dangerous , he says , especially before its tail has been neutralized .
" Crocodile Hunter " Steve Irwin was killed by a stingray barb in 2006 , and a Florida man was critically injured that same year when struck in the chest by a ray 's barb .
Wuttichai Kuachareonsri , a member of Humphreys ' crew , stopped fishing for a year after he was stung in the leg by a ray barb .
" I never have felt pain like that , " he says .
" It really frightened me . "
On his fishing trip with Hogan , Humphreys boasts about " monsters " below the tranquil river and insists it is a matter of time before his team lands a world record ray .
The anglers head to the Ban Pakong and Maeklong rivers just two hours outside Bangkok , winding their way past office towers , Buddhist temples and busy highways .
Fish farming pens dot the riverbanks and sounds of construction and puttering boats echo across the water .
Both spots have given up rays in the past .
But on the their first day on the Ban Pakong , the fishermen come up empty .
Humphreys blames the heavy rains that have swollen the river .
The next day , they have better luck on the Maeklong .
The rod bends almost into the water , and Wirat struggles for almost a half hour as the ray dives under the boat and across the bow .
It finally is brought to the surface , revealing its big bulging eyes and dark , coarse skin .
Its tail alone is 12 feet long .
Hogan says catching such a big ray so close to a big city is a sign the species is thriving despite pollution .
He is awaiting government permission to launch a two - year study to catch and tag 20 or 30 more rays to better understand their movements .
With that data , Hogan is hoping to do what he has done for the Mekong giant catfish , once almost fished to extinction .
Hogan 's work helped establish its endangered status and prompted authorities in Laos and Thailand to limit total catches to four a year .
WWF freshwater biologist Chavalit Vidthayanon , who discovered a smaller ray species in Thailand four years ago , agreed more research was needed to better understand the health of the big fish .
" We need to know its exact population and habitat so we can work on conservation and find ways to better protect them , " he said .
For the easygoing Hogan , the research could help end what has become an epic journey to find " the king of the river . "
" We 're getting close to the record and I 'm very confident that a fish of record size existed , " he says .
" The question is whether it still exists . "
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
If California requires its utilities to get one - third of their energy from solar , wind , geothermal and other renewable sources rather than coal or gas , will that help or hurt the state economically ?
A struggle is underway to influence public opinion , with business interests saying it would cost consumers in higher electric bills , and environmental groups touting the jobs that clean - tech industry would bring to the state .
A report , “ Harvesting California ’s Renewable Energy Resources : A Green Jobs Business Plan , ” was released Friday by the Center for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Technologies , a Sacramento - based nonprofit .
It surveys major studies and concludes that if California gets a third of its power from renewable sources by 2020 , as pending legislation would require , as much as $ 60 billion would be pumped into the state economy .
Manufacturing could increase by 200,000 jobs .
Advertisement
California is requiring utilities to reach 20 % renewable energy by 2010 .
But the Air Resources Board says that is not enough to reduce the state ’s greenhouse gas emissions to 1990 levels , as the law requires .
--
Tackling tire piles
Advertisement
Environmental secretaries from all 10 U.S. - Mexico border states met last week for the binational Border Governors Conference in Hollywood .
They signed a Tire Initiative Letter of Understanding , which includes “ tire pile prevention measures ” and tries to eliminate the public health risks .
So far , 4 million scrap tires have been removed from the U.S. - Mexico border area to decrease the risk of fires and disease that they pose to border residents , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency .
Disease - carrying pests such as rodents often inhabit these tire piles .
After a rainfall , mosquitoes may breed in the stagnant water collected inside tires and may carry deadly diseases such as encephalitis , West Nile virus , dengue fever and malaria .
Advertisement
Scrap - tire fires are difficult to extinguish and can burn for months , releasing thick black smoke that can contaminate the soil with oily residue , generate significant liquid waste and contaminate ground and surface water .
The Tire Initiative is a partnership of the EPA and the Mexican Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources .
State and local governments on both sides of the border and private industry such as the Rubber Manufacturers Assn. have joined in implementing Tire Initiative measures , according to the EPA .
Last month , the California Integrated Waste Management Board awarded $ 325,000 to Baldwin Park and El Cerrito in Contra Costa County to divert 21,000 waste tires from California landfills and use them to create rubberized asphalt concrete .
Advertisement
The EPA ’s U.S. - Mexico Border 2012 Program works to protect the environment and public health for the 10 states along the 2,000 - mile border : California , Baja California , Sonora , Chihuahua , Coahuila , Nuevo Leon , Tamaulipas , Arizona , New Mexico and Texas .
--
margot.roosevelt@latimes.com
tami.abdollah@latimes.com
Advertisement
For more , go to Greenspace , The Times ’ environmental blog , at latimes.com / greenspace .
news Steal My Sunshine
Well , it ’s a slight improvement over “ LIES . ”
Someone has been placing homemade warning labels on newspaper boxes — only Toronto Sun newspaper boxes , as far as we know — that caution : “ Contents may cause ignorance , cynicism , and distrust in public institutions .
Repeated exposure may impair intellect . ”
The stuck - on Sun box pictured above was spotted by Ron Miyanishi around Jones and Danforth .
Photo by squeakyrat from the Torontoist Flickr Pool .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Bush signed an executive order Friday expanding U.S. sanctions against Zimbabwe , the White House said .
About 200 victims of election violence seek safety outside the U.S. Embassy in Harare , Zimbabwe , this month .
" The new executive order significantly enhances our ability to designate individuals in and entities connected to the Mugabe regime , " Bush said in a written statement that calls the Zimbabwean government under president Robert Mugabe " illegitimate . "
Just after the announcement , the Treasury Department said it has designated for sanctions 17 entities , including three government - owned or controlled companies used by Mugabe and his government " to illegally siphon revenue and foreign exchange from the Zimbabwean people , " as well as one individual .
" This action is a direct result of the Mugabe regime 's continued politically motivated violence , disregarding calls from the Southern African Development Community , the African Union and the United Nations to halt the attacks , " the White House said .
Do n't Miss EU gets tougher on Mugabe , hits supporters
EU gets tougher on Mugabe , hits supporters Mugabe , rivals sign deal on talks
" The regime has also continued its ban against NGO activities that would provide assistance to the suffering and vulnerable people of Zimbabwe .
No regime should ignore the will of its own people and calls from the international community without consequences . "
The U.S. has been pushing for sanctions against Zimbabwe since Mugabe ignored a U.N. Security Council appeal to postpone a presidential runoff election June 27 .
The vote initially was intended to be a runoff between Mugabe and opposition candidate Morgan Tsvangirai , who did not win the presidency outright in the general election , according to government tallies .
But Tsvangirai , of the Movement for Democratic Change , withdrew just before the vote , saying Mugabe 's supporters had orchestrated a campaign of beatings , intimidation and murders against Tsvangirai supporters .
Earlier this month , Russia and China vetoed a Security Council resolution pushed by the United States , Britain and France that would have imposed international sanctions on Mugabe and senior members of his government .
Bush said last week he was " displeased " at the vetoes , but the Treasury and State Departments were working on potential U.S. action .
Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Jendayi Frazer told members of Congress last week that more than 100 people have been murdered , more than 3,000 have been injured by beatings or torture and more than 30,000 have been driven from their homes because of violence that broke out after the general election .
Entities designated by the Treasury Department include Minerals Marketing Corp. of Zimbabwe , the company that serves as the sole marketing and export agent for all minerals mined in Zimbabwe except gold and silver ; Zimbabwe Mining Development Corp . ; and Zimbabwe Iron and Steel Co. , among others .
The individual named is Thamer Bin Saeed Ahmed al - Shanfari .
The Treasury Department said he is an Omani national who has close ties to Mugabe and his top officials and uses his company , Oryx Natural Resources , to " enable Mugabe ... to maintain access to , and derive personal benefit from , various mining ventures in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Under the sanctions , any assets tied to al - Shanfari or to the designated companies that are within U.S. jurisdictions must be frozen , and people living in the United States are prohibited from doing business with them .
On Monday , Mugabe and Tsvangirai signed an agreement that paves the way for power - sharing talks to take place in the next few weeks .
They will be mediated by South African President Thabo Mbeki , as a representative of the Southern African Development Community , and Jean Ping , chairman of the African Union Commission .
Bush said Friday the United States is ready to provide a " substantial assistance package , development aid and normalization with international financial institutions " should those talks result in a new government " that reflects the will of the Zimbabwean people . "
In the meantime , the president said he is authorizing the use of up to $ 2.5 million from the U.S. Emergency Refugee and Migration Assistance Fund to assist Zimbabwean refugees and those displaced by the violence .
In addition , he said the United States will continue efforts to provide food and medical care to Zimbabweans .
All About European Union • Morgan Tsvangirai • George W. Bush • Robert Mugabe
The Federal Government will abolish certificates that give ministers sweeping powers to keep documents a secret as the first step in reforms to the Freedom of Information law .
Cabinet Secretary John Faulkner announced cabinet had agreed to abolish conclusive certificates , and legislation to do that will be introduced later this year .
But Mr Faulkner revealed that more broad ranging reforms to the FoI Act will not come into force until next year , after the original deadline his office imposed of the end of this year .
BANGKOK , Thailand --
When Burma 's biggest enemy the United States offered to send emergency cyclone relief , it probably sounded like North Korea wanting to send its warships and troops to New Orleans to rescue people in the aftermath of Katrina .
Imagine North Korea simultaneously trumpeting their purported benevolence with public insults against Washington for not warning Americans , or providing them with escape routes , before Hurricane Katrina hit the coast .
To complete the comparison , this through - the - looking - glass North Korea would also be successfully strangling the U.S. with harsh international economic sanctions , fueling widespread unemployment , a shattered banking system and other woes for most Americans in a failed bid to change Washington 's policies .
Little wonder why Burma , a xenophobic Southeast Asian country also known as Myanmar , recoiled in silence when Washington said it just wants to help .
Then the Pentagon offered to send its nearby USS Kitty Hawk and USS Nimitz to Burma 's cyclone - stricken Irrawaddy River delta .
The USS Kitty Hawk 's warplanes dropped " more than 20 tons " of bombs on Iraq , the U.S. Navy said on the aircraft carrier 's proud web site .
Seen through the eyes of Burma 's military , in power since a 1962 coup , U.S. foreign policy is always perceived as a 21st century Trojan Horse . " Britain , France , Dutch , Belgium , Spain , Portugal and the U.S. colonized 77 percent of the world land , or enslaved 75 percent of world population , " Burma 's military junta told its citizens in a typical history lesson , while praising its own regime as altruistic .
" Today , the world superpower ... is invading other countries on the pretext of anti-terrorism and democracy .
And it has formed puppet governments .
" It has failed to withdraw its troops from Iraq and Afghanistan for seven years , " the government - run New Light of Myanmar newspaper said just before Cyclone Nargis hit .
Without much international aid allowed in , people trapped on the Irrawaddy delta scrounged to stay alive on Wednesday in hot , humid weather , unable to secure enough drinking water , aid officials said .
Rotting corpses floated in swollen rivers , amid disease - carrying mosquitoes and angry scenes in some places where food was thought to be available , they said .
Burma opened Rangoon 's international airport to flights bringing cyclone relief sent by neighboring Thailand , because the two Buddhist - majority countries are commercial friends .
Burma also welcomed India 's offer to send two ships packed with aid , because it enjoys New Delhi 's efforts to compete with Beijing , which was also allowed to help .
In response to increasing international pressure , the World Food Program , and Medicines Sans Frontiers Holland , have already been permitted to distribute food in Rangoon , the port also known as Yangon , according to the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( OCHA ) .
The United Nations Development Program ( UNDP ) sent " small relief items " from Rangoon to sites in the Irrawaddy River delta " reachable by road , " OCHA said .
Most other relief efforts by foreign countries , non-governmental organizations , Christian missionaries , and child welfare groups have been told to wait for possible visas .
While countless thousands of survivors suffer on the exposed , sea - level , worst - hit Irrawaddy delta , Burma 's military regime appeared to be more concerned with displaying its troops -- instead of foreigners -- handing out food , water and other assistance during broadcasts on government - run TV .
Burma 's lack of enthusiasm for allowing foreigners to be seen taking care of Burmese is similar to the regime 's traditional disregard for rice farmers , fishermen and other impoverished people struggling on the densely populated delta during previous seasonal cyclones .
" Despite being a cyclone prone country , Burma has no cyclone warning system , " said London - based Chatham House 's Dr. Gareth Price and Tamara Lynch .
" Military leaders have been publicly criticized , particularly by the U.S. , for failing to warn and adequately prepare its citizens .
While this criticism may be politically motivated , one of the key successes of neighboring Bangladesh has been in establishing a storm early - warning system along with ' cyclone safe ' houses , " the analysts said in a joint statement .
Neighboring Bangladesh 's cyclone shelters are bleak cement rooms perched high on reinforced concrete stilts , but villagers can scramble into the boxes and survive a cyclone 's fierce winds and rising tide surges .
Burma 's junta leads 500,000 troops who are battle - hardened from more than 50 years of jungle warfare against minority ethnic guerrillas fighting for autonomy or independence along its borders .
Not many of those toughened troops , however , have ventured along the crippled roads of the Irrawaddy delta except to secure the main road and provide skeletal assistance .
Some military officers arrived by helicopter at Bogalay town to assess the damage where more than 10,000 people reportedly perished , but many survivors throughout the delta remained bloodied and ill without medical care and little food .
--- Richard S Ehrlich is a Bangkok - based journalist who has reported news from Asia since 1978 .
He is co-author of " Hello My Big Big Honey ! " , a non-fiction book of investigative journalism , and his web page is http://www.geocities.com/asia_correspondent
Superfolia
if ( do_name ( ) != ' Home ' ) : ?> endif ?>
In the aftermath of Evolution I 've started building a small ecosystem of evolving plantlife .
Here are some first sketches .
Many more plants are to follow and the idea is of course to have them evolve and cross-combine .
This way , instead of the arena - like environment in which the Evolution creatures fly around , we have an ecosystem of plants for them to eat , hide in , or get eaten by .
Plants would have properties similar to the creatures , for example the amount of sunlight they need , if and how they are edible , how they pollinate and which creatures spread their seeds , and so on .
Roots and recursion
This first weedlike plant is based on a simple recursive algorithm .
Recursion is a popular technique used to describe trees and the like , because of the self - referential nature of a tree .
Basically , you would describe a tree by stating that a branch is something from which smaller branches sprout , and that the root of a tree is a big branch .
View source code
Flowers and math
In the next example we add some flowers to the roots .
These are based on Johan Gielis ' Superformula .
With this formula you can describe any shape found in nature in no more than four variables .
This saves a lot of calculating work and is highly interesting because you can cross -combine the parameters of two flowers to generate new flowers , or attach properties to a variable ( e.g. spikiness , elegance , ... )
Flower factory
During her design masters Ludivine Lechat graduated with a project called Latifolia .
A system of flowers and colors .
Recently I 've started experimenting with this fantastic artwork , chopping it up like we did in Evolution , discering petals , leaves , flower buds , spores , individual elements which we can combine randomly into new plant forms .
I 'm looking for a way to combine Ludivine 's art with Johan Gielis ' formula .
This ART +COM project is inspiring as well .
SVG and path filters
NodeBox now has an SVG library to import SVG vector data .
All of the vector data is transformed to standard NodeBox paths , so it is possible to manipulate each point in the path separately .
Here , each path is modified with a furry pathfilter .
Part of the code for this algorithm is over at the SVG library page .
The original vector art is done by Ludivine Lechat .
View source code
Created by Tom De Smedt
include ( " util/comment.php " ) ; ?>
Image
Recently , as mortgage companies began to fail , the U.S. encouraged Fannie and Freddie ( which already owned or guaranteed $ 5 trillion in mortgages ) to buy still more mortgages .
This aggravated the problem .
Since the agencies ’ capital was inadequate , they should have been reducing risk .
In a similar vein , federal regulators seized IndyMac , a Pasadena bank whose depositors had crowded the door demanding their money and which became the second - biggest bank failure ever .
The head of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation immediately announced that IndyMac would stop foreclosing on mortgages .
No doubt this was pleasing to California homeowners , as well as to the 55 congressmen and senators who represent them ( and who help to oversee the F.D.I.C. ) .
But it amounted to yet another giant socialization of risk and to a dubious precedent .
What if politically mindful regulators now lean on Freddie and Fannie to halt foreclosures ?
Exactly which losses are immunized and , just as important , who gets to decide ?
Similar questions have been raised by the Fed ’s various actions to protect Bear Stearns and other investment banks and their collective creditors .
In the space of several months , a wide swath of American finance has ceased to operate under normal rules .
Fixes are being introduced , and the next administration will very likely initiate its own reforms .
The Fed has tightened mortgage rules ; higher capital requirements are coming .
Also , better accounting and disclosure rules would help investors to understand the often - complex assets that banks own .
But there is a difference between increasing transparency , with regard to risk - taking , and underwriting losses .
The government should get out of the business of assuming risk  which hinders markets in a function they can handle better .
With investors conditioned to look for rescues , it will not be easy to get the genie back in the bottle .
A good first step would be to draw a bright line between Fannie and Freddie ’s outstanding obligations , which total $ 1.5 trillion , and the borrowings they undertake in the future as their current paper matures .
Their current debt is presumably socialized .
But if the Treasury were to announce that new obligations were not protected , markets would gradually force the beleaguered twins to both raise more capital and shrink their asset bases .
The U.S. might even consider splintering the companies , AT&T style , into pieces .
The goal should be to ensure not that they never fail , but that for Fannie and Freddie and for other institutions , failure reacquires its proper status in a capitalist society : that of a tolerable event .
This piece was reprinted by OpEdNews with permission or license .
It may not be reproduced in any form without permission or license from the source .
Consortium Editor ’s Note :
Even into the sixth year of war in Iraq – even as ex-White House press secretary Scott McClellan admits the deceptions used to justify the invasion – the U.S. news media still averts its eyes from the full ugliness of what happened in 2002 - 03 .
In this story , former CIA analyst Ray McGovern notes the far greater candor occurring in Australia -- and cites the earlier whistle - blowing by members of the Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity ( VIPS ) , which he helped found :
Matilda is walzing home from Iraq , and the Australians are lucky but chastened .
Lucky for having lost not one soldier in combat of the 2,000 sent to join the " coalition of the willing " attack on Iraq in March 2003 .
Chastened because Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd is now pulling no punches in decrying the subservience of his predecessor , John Howard , to Washington .
Announcing the withdrawal of the 550 Australian troops still in Iraq on Monday , Rudd echoed recent charges by former White House spokesman Scott McClellan about the Bush administration ’s " shading " of intelligence to " justify " an unnecessary war .
Rudd told Parliament he was most concerned by " the manner in which the decision to go to war was made ; the abuse of intelligence information , a failure to disclose to the Australian people the qualified nature of that intelligence " ; and the government ’s silence on " the pre-war warning that an attack on Iraq would increase the terrorist threat , not decrease it . "
Rudd added :
" This government does not believe that our alliance with the United States mandates automatic compliance with every element of the United States ’ foreign policy . "
Stung by Rudd ’s candor , White House spokeswoman Dana Perino fell back on the canard that " the entire world " agreed on the threat posed by Saddam Hussein .
As President Lyndon Johnson would have put it , That dog wo n’t hunt .
If all agreed , why then was President George W. Bush unable to secure the approval of the U.N. Security Council , without which an armed attack on another country is illegal under international and U.S. law ?
Among " coalition of the willing " leaders not named Bush , only the faith - based former British Prime Minister Tony Blair hangs on pathetically to the notion that " everyone " believed Saddam Hussein had WMD .
This is particularly odd since Blair acknowledges the authenticity of the ( in ) famous Downing Street Memos .
Perhaps his conversion to Catholicism will prompt him to confess that he lied – a reality long beyond dispute .
The Downing Street Truth
As some will recall , Blair sent his intelligence chief off to Washington in summer 2002 to confer with his opposite number , and Bush intimate , CIA Director George Tenet .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
[ FreeBSD - Announce ] FreeBSD.org begins switch to Subversion
The FreeBSD Project has begun the switch of its source code management system from CVS to Subversion .
At this point in time , FreeBSD 's developers are making changes to the base system in the Subversion repository .
There is a replication system in place that exports our work to the legacy CVS tree on a continuous basis .
People who are using our extensive CVS based distribution network ( including anoncvs , CVSup , csup , cvsweb , ftp ) will not be interrupted by our work - in - progress .
You do not need to change anything if you do not wish to .
We are committed to maintaining the existing CVS based distribution system for * at least * the support lifetime of all existing " stable " branches .
Security and errata patches will continue to be made available in their usual CVS locations .
The rest of the FreeBSD - 6 and FreeBSD - 7 releases will be built and released from the CVS tree .
We expect to make our Subversion based source tree and other supporting infrastructure public very soon .
There will be new mailing lists to subscribe to if you wish to receive Subversion commit notifications .
Our ports , doc and www trees are not affected at this time .
A separate decision will be made regarding the direction of those CVS repositories soon .
Many people have contributed to the effort , but I particularly wish to thank Michael Haggerty and the cvs2svn project developers for their assistance with extracting and decrypting our 14 years of CVS history .
Yahoo ( my employer ) donated server hardware and allowed me to spend a considerable amount of time on the preparation , assembling the infrastructure , and the conversion .
-- Peter Wemm - peter at wemm.org ; peter at FreeBSD.org ; peter at yahoo - inc.com
" All of this is for nothing if we do n't go to the stars " - JMS / B5 " If Java had true garbage collection , most programs would delete themselves upon execution . " -- Robert Sewell
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- JPMorgan Chase said Thursday that profit plunged in the second quarter , stung by $ 1.1 billion in writedowns , but the firm still managed to beat Wall Street projections .
JPMorgan ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) shares jumped 10 % in early trading .
Other banking firms - including Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) , Merrill Lynch ( MER , Fortune 500 ) , Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) and Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) - also posted strong stock gains .
The New York - based bank reported net income of $ 2 billion in the second quarter , a 53 % drop from $ 4.2 billion in the second quarter .
The firm said earnings on a per-share basis fell 55 % to 54 cents from $ 1.20 in the year - earlier period .
Analysts had expected a 64 % decline in earnings per share to 44 cents , according to a consensus provided by Thomson / FirstCall .
But without a $ 540 million net loss stemming from its acquisition of Bear Stearns - which closed in May - net income would have been $ 2.5 billion , the company said .
" [ JPMorgan ] earnings are significantly better than what analysts have been looking for because the negative hysteria , panic , fear - whatever you want to call it that hit these stocks - made no sense whatsoever , " said Richard Bove , analyst for Ladenburg Thalmann .
Bove said that financial firms tend to be multi-faceted , which allows them to compensate for the weak portions of their business with the stronger performing sections .
The firm reported $ 19.7 billion in second - quarter net revenue , a 1 % decline from a year earlier .
That beat the $ 16.5 billion projected by analysts surveyed by Thomson / FirstCall .
" Our earnings were down significantly due to the unfavorable credit environment and market conditions , " CEO Jamie Dimon said in a statement .
JPMorgan bought Bear Stearns on May 29 for $ 2.2 billion , or $ 10 a share .
The deal allows JPMorgan to expand its financial footprint , though it also has has to clean up the mess from its imploded acquisition .
Housing hit Dimon said the plummet in investment bank net income , to $ 400 million in the second quarter from $ 1.2 billion a year ago , was partly due to mortgage - related investments .
He blamed the drop in profit in retail financial services on higher charges to the home lending portfolio .
Profit in that division fell to $ 600 million from $ 785 million a year ago .
" However , the firm overall continued to maintain solid underlying business momentum , " Dimon said , noting that some other areas of the company performed well .
Commercial banking net income grew to $ 355 million in the quarter , up from less than $ 300 million a year earlier .
Despite the decline in earnings , and drop in share price - JPMorgan ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) stock has plunged 29 % so far this year without counting Thursday 's gains - the firm is considered one of the stronger companies in the banking industry .
As the year has progressed , analysts have become increasingly concerned about JPMorgan 's performance , particularly in its large leveraged loan portfolio and rapidly weakening home - equity loan holdings .
But the firm 's troubles seem manageable compared to other participants in the devastated industry , such as Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) and Merrill Lynch ( MER , Fortune 500 ) .
" I think we 're executing quite well , " Michael Cavanagh , chief financial officer , said during a call with journalists .
" The conditions continue to be choppy .
A lot of stuff is resolving itself and working itself through . "
" At a point , it will stabilize , but I would be cautious for the near term , " he added .
Bank sector woes Both large and small financial institutions that bet big on the mortgage industry continue to be plagued by ongoing deterioration in the housing market .
Now with signs that the economy is weakening further , analysts are paying particularly close attention to banks ' credit card and auto loan portfolios for signs of rising delinquencies .
JPMorgan said its auto loan net profit slipped 2 % on a year - over - year basis to $ 83 million .
The firm 's credit card net profit plunged 67 % to $ 250 million .
JPMorgan 's results come at the start of what is expected to be a particularly difficult second - quarter bank reporting period .
Despite Wednesday 's better - than - expected numbers from Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) , both Merrill Lynch and Citigroup are expected to book losses for the quarter .
Merrill is due to report earnings after the market close Thursday .
Citigroup 's results are slated for release early Friday .
Wachovia ( WB , Fortune 500 ) , which reports on July 22 , warned last week that it expects to lose between $ 2.6 billion and $ 2.8 billion during the second quarter .
Profits for Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) , due out on July 21 , are expected to be less than half of what they were just a year ago .
Bove , the analyst , does not own banking stocks and his firm does not conduct business with them .
Obama small donors make big comeback
After locking up his party ’s presidential nomination , Barack Obama ’s fundraising operation came roaring back to life in June , generating more than a million dollars in five days and more than $ 21 million from small donors .
The amount from small donors represents nearly half of his monthly total and nearly matches what Republican rival John McCain generated for the entire month .
During the month , McCain did not have a single day in which he raised a million dollars .
Advertisement
Overall , Obama raised a total $ 54 million for his campaign in June , compared to $ 22 million for McCain .
The sums were reported in disclosure reports filed with the Federal Election Commission .
An initial summary of Obama ’s donations posted on the FEC website Sunday night grouped all of his un-itemized donations of less than $ 200 on the same day – June 30th .
That left the impression that Obama had an astonishingly good — $ 25 million – final fundraising day for the month and Politico made that the lead of this story .
Turns out , Obama raised nearly $ 4 million on June 30th , a healthy amount certainly .
But the $ 21 million from the un-itemized small donors , which are those who are not named because they have n’t given more than $ 200 , came in throughout the month and not on a single day .
The FEC is adding an explanatory note to avoid such confusion in the future , said FEC spokesman Bob Biersback .
One thing that is clear is that Obama ’s vast base of small donors – 1.7 million was the last public count — carries big clout .
To date , Obama has reported raising $ 338 million for his campaign from individuals and 94 % of his donations have come in amounts of $ 200 or less .
In addition to fundraising , the June expenditures offered insight into the different tacks the candidates are taking toward winning the presidency in November .
The two candidates spent about the same amount of money in June — Obama spent $ 26 million and McCain spent $ 27 million .
But their priorities were entirely different as Obama began building what his campaign says will be an unprecedented , nationwide ground operation .
McCain in June spent $ 16 million on advertising , compared to Obama ’s reported $ 5 million .
Meanwhile , Obama ’s payroll expenses amounted to $ 2.3 million while McCain ’s hovered around $ 724,000 .
Obama ’s fundraising total represents a turnaround from a steady decline in monthly income that began after his Iowa upset in January .
It also is the minimum the Illinois senator will need to generate each month between now and November if he is to match the more than $ 200 million budget the Republicans have set for boosting McCain ’s campaign .
The true competitor to Obama will be the Republican National Committee , rather than McCain , who has agreed to accept about $ 84 million in public financing for his general election campaign .
The June figures filed in disclosure reports with the Federal Election Commission illustrate how tight that contest may turn out to be .
At the end of the month , Obama had $ 72 million in the bank , compared to McCain ’s $ 27 million .
But the RNC reported having $ 69 million , which gave the Republicans a slight edge over Obama .
Obama began holding joint appearances with the Democratic National Committee in June .
But the DNC , which has spent heavily on building state party operations , reported having $ 20 million in cash at the end of last month .
The traditional Republican fundraising advantage was one reason Obama cited for staying out of the public financing system , which would limit how much he could spend on his campaign .
Obama also said that he wanted to keep the scores of donors to his campaign engaged in his quest .
In addition to taking on the Republican money raising machine alone , Obama also has agreed to help pay off former rival Hillary Clinton ’s debt — which grew a bit in the final days of the Democratic contest after the New York senator loaned her campaign another $ 1 million dollars .
Clinton allies say her primary goal is to make whole the caterers and landlords who did business with her campaign rather than repaying her personal loans .
Paying off the more than $ 5 million owed to former top strategist Mark Penn is also low on the priority list , sources said .
But even those debts range in the millions and the shuttering of her campaign makes it far more difficult to generate the cash needed to pay them .
Clinton reported raising in June about $ 4 million , not including her personal loan , while having debts of about $ 25 million .
About half of the red ink , $ 13 million was from the loans to herself while roughly $ 12 million was owed to outside vendors and consultants .
DIGG THIS
I have long been a critic of the state ’s co-option of holidays to serve governmental purposes , thus negating the messages these holidays originally served .
July 4th — designed to celebrate independence from the state — has been refashioned as a holiday for revelling in the state ’s favorite activity , war .
Television treats us to a seemingly endless supply of John Wayne films , urging us to embrace the contradictory idea that submitting ourselves to increased state power is the way to promote our liberty !
It is such twisted thinking that leads those who refuse to examine the content of their minds to bleat about the soldiers who " fight for our freedom . "
What nonsense .
Shall we next be told that Sunset Boulevard hookers are peddling virtue ?
Just how far we have contorted our thinking about " independence day " is reflected in most people ’s thinking about fireworks .
Like private gun-ownership , our personal use of fireworks represents too much power in the hands of individuals .
And so , we confine ourselves to the absurdity of having the state celebrate our liberty and independence for us !
Memorial Day is another holiday corrupted by statism .
Originally begun as a day for remembering the dead — particularly those who had died in war — it , too , has been twisted into a day for celebrating — not condemning — warfare .
Back to the film files for more John Wayne flicks .
Like his neocon successors who never heard a gunshot fired in anger , Wayne remains a hero to the statists for having bravely and selflessly defended the back - lot of Republic Pictures during World War II .
The November 11th Armistice Day holiday of my childhood — which celebrated the end of a war — has metamorphosed into Veterans Day , with thousands of war veterans donning their American Legion caps or U.S.S.
Missouri baseball caps to praise the war system , rather than its albeit temporary cessation .
More John Wayne celluloid makes it to the television screens .
In such fictionalized accounts , young and impressionable minds learn the righteousness not only of obedience to authority , but of throwing oneself upon a live hand grenade .
And for what could we be more thankful on that fourth Thursday in November than living in a nation ruled by an all - powerful state that protects us from the savage hordes menacing us from such lands as Grenada , Afghanistan , Libya , Panama , Iraq , or any other enemy - of - the - month selected by establishment rulers ?
Nor does New Year ’s
Day go unused by the state , it being the date on which most of the new regulations on our lives take effect , as well as the beginning of a new tax year .
Even Christmas — the day , not that many decades ago , that was virtually synonymous with " peace " — has given rise to Christmas cards depicting flag - draped Santa Clauses , and homes decorated in red , white , and blue lights .
And as children unwrap their " G.I. Joe " toys or their warrior - based computer games , the ballad " Onward Christian Soldiers " may be heard on a local radio station .
Even as modernly practiced , there is one nice thing about national holidays : they provide a day off work for government employees .
With this thought in mind , I propose a further expansion of such holidays , to the end that all 365 days of the year be taken up in honoring someone , or some event , or some group of people who should be accorded the same recognition as those now favored .
I have a few samples to get our thinking started .
When a holiday for Martin Luther King was first being considered , I suggested other renowned blacks as more suitable honorees , Frederick Douglass being my choice .
If there was an insistence upon selecting a more recent candidate , I would have preferred Malcolm X , who — particularly near the end of his life — saw the deeper basis of social conflict than the simplistic " black - versus - white " model upon which most of us have settled , and which is becoming a focal point in this year ’s presidential campaign .
So , indulge my thinking for the purpose of having additional national holidays for Douglass and Malcolm .
In this age of hyphenated ego - boundary identities , religious , ethnic , and nationality groups could take up the cause for honoring their specific associations .
The Christians and Jews already have their holidays ( a word which , itself , stems from " holy days " ) recognized .
But what about Muslims , Buddhists , Shintoists , Hindus , and the many other religions that are not recognized with a holiday ?
At a time when politicians like to talk about diversity , why are the members of these religions left out ?
And what about atheists ?
Should n’t Madalyn Murray O’Hair ’s birthday also be recognized , as a confirmation of the non-establishment clause of the 1st Amendment ?
Just imagine what could be done to shrink governmental behavior by recognizing nationality groups for a national holiday ?
Lithuanian Day , Cinco de Mayo , Norwegian Day , Kenya Day , Thailand Day , . . . on and on to encompass all nationalities as well as sub-nationalities ( e.g. , not just Iraq Day , but Shiite Day , Sunni Day , etc. ) .
Yugoslavia — which has since decentralized into five separate nations — and Czechoslovakia — which has fragmented into the Czech Republic and Slovakia — could multiply the numbers , just as the collapse of the Soviet Union has breathed new life into a great many independent nations .
And why have we limited America ’s presidential nominees to a single President ’s Day ?
How about a day to honor each of them ?
My favorite — and the only one I would choose to honor — would be William Henry Harrison , a man who caught pneumonia on inauguration day and died a month later !
Grover Cleveland would probably be entitled to two such days , his having served two non-consecutive terms .
You get the picture .
Occupations , genders , lifestyles , belief systems , etc. , etc. , could each be recognized .
Instead of a generic " Labor Day , " what about a day recognizing farmers , who produce the food that sustains us ?
Furthermore , what about a day to honor those whose work is far more central to our well - being than rock stars and athletes , namely , those who dispose of the entropic wastes of our world ( e.g. , garbage and trash collectors , undertakers , and plumbers ) ?
Such people — along with farmers — do the work many of us despise and yet , without their efforts , we would be inundated in waste ( have you ever lived in New York City during a garbage - collectors ’ strike ? ) .
Let us have a paid holiday for everyone , in honor of all these e pluribus unum groups we like to imagine have created America .
If all 365 days could be filled up , this would mean that all government employees would continue to get paid : they just would n’t show up for work to do anything .
The benefit of paying such people to stay out of our way would be a wonderful first step toward a total dismantling of the state .
We would still be stuck with paying their salaries but , on the other hand , we would have put an end to their ceaseless meddling .
Enough of these people might become so bored with having no work to perform , they might quit their government jobs and go into the marketplace with the rest of us !
To paraphrase an old Vietnam War saying , " what if they created a government , but nobody came ? "
The Best of Butler Shaffer
Tags
Until recently , most macroeconomic forecasters , assisted by mathematical models , were predicting economic recovery and rising stock indices .
But the market has reminded us that reality does n't always correspond to the predictions of those who claim the mantle of " science . "
As is so often the case , those economists who were more humble in their pretensions to knowledge avoided such embarrassment .
The Methodological Divide
The Austrian School of economics is known for its aversion to mathematical modeling of human behavior .
The neoclassical mainstream , on the other hand , is quite fond of this approach , and uses the mathematical method for just about any problem .
I think it is fair to say that most mainstream economists would prefer the precision of a false formal model , versus the generality of a true verbal proposition .
This misplaced reliance on the power of mathematical tools for economic analysis is epitomized in the field of econometrics , which employs statistical techniques in the study of empirical data concerning economic phenomena .
Unlike their mainstream colleagues in game theory — who are notorious for criticizing human " players " when their actions fail to correspond to the strategies employed in a particular game 's equilibrium state — the econometricians believe they are exempt from the biases of a priori theorizing .
The true believer in econometrics takes no particular stand on doctrinal questions , and rather thinks that the facts will " speak for themselves . "
Ludwig von Mises exposed the fallacy in this supposedly atheoretical method :
It is true the empiricists reject [ a priori ] theory ; they pretend that they aim to learn only from historical experience .
However , they contradict their own principles as soon as they pass beyond the unadulterated recording of individual single prices and begin to construct series and to compute averages .
A datum of experience and a statistical fact is only a price paid at a definite time and a definite place for a definite quantity of a certain commodity .
The arrangement of various price data in groups and the computation of averages are guided by theoretical deliberations which are logically and temporally antecedent .
The extent to which certain attending features and circumstantial contingencies of the price data concerned are taken or not taken into consideration depends on theoretical reasoning of the same kind .
Nobody is so bold as to maintain that a rise of a per cent in the supply of any commodity must always — in every country and at any time — result in a fall of b per cent in its price .
But as no quantitative economist ever ventured to define precisely on the ground of statistical experience the special conditions producing a definite deviation from the ratio a : b , the futility of his endeavors is manifest .
( Human Action p. 351 )
Although the student of Austrian economics may share Mises 's opinions about the dubiousness of econometrics , the fact is that he or she must take classes and exams in this field in order to receive a degree from most programs in the United States .
In an attempt to help such students " keep hope alive , " I will now share my impressions and an anecdote gleaned from my experience in a mandatory course in macroeconometrics .
Market Process ?
Austrian economists , especially those of a Hayekian bent , stress that the market is a process .
Ironically , econometricians use the same term , but they mean by it something completely different .
For example , when he wishes to model the price of a particular stock , the econometrician may say , " Assume p( t ) follows a random walk process . "
What he means is that the price at any time t equals the price at time t - 1 , plus a completely random " shock . "
The shock is modeled as a random variable with mean zero and a certain variance .
Notice already that this approach has given up on trying to explain how real - world prices are actually formed .
In reality , today 's prices have no causal connection with tomorrow 's prices .
Every day , the price of a stock is formed afresh by decisions on the part of investors to buy or sell .
The stock price today seems to be partially " dependent " on the stock price yesterday only because the underlying factors that caused yesterday 's price are largely the same today .
The case of a stock price is completely different from , say , the balance of one 's bank account , which does remain constant from day to day , except for " autoregressive " changes due to interest compounding , or " shocks " due to deposits and withdrawals .
The econometric approach to stock price movements is analogous to a meteorologist who looks for correlations between various measurements of atmospheric conditions .
For example , he might find that the temperature on any given day is a very good predictor of the temperature on the following day .
But no meteorologist would believe that the reading on the thermometer one day somehow caused the reading the next day ; he knows that the correlation is due to the fact that the true causal factors — such as the angle of the earth relative to its orbital plane around the sun — do not change much from one day to the next .
Unfortunately , this distinction between causation and correlation is not stressed in econometrics .
Indeed , for economists truly committed to the positive method , there can be no such distinction .
Although the econometric pioneers may understand why certain assumptions are made and can offer a priori justifications such as " rational expectations " for the details of a particular model , the students of such pioneers are often caught up in the mathematical technicalities and lose sight of the true causes of economic phenomena .
A Case in Point
Lest the reader feel I am speaking in broad generalities , let me offer as an example a question that was on one of my exams .
The question epitomizes the problems with the econometric approach of stipulating a particular " process " that generates the observed levels of some variable :
Suppose we have T observations on the time series x( t ) , which has mean μ. Suppose also that d(t ) , the deviation of x( t ) from its sample average s , which is defined as d(t ) ≡ x ( t ) – s , follows an AR ( 1 ) process , that is , d(t ) = ρd(t - 1 ) + e( t ) .
What is the variance of the sample average , s ?
As I sat staring at this question , I was absolutely befuddled , since I believe it makes no sense .
My problem was not that such a question was of little use in understanding the business cycle or the stock market ; my problem was that I believe its propositions are contradictory .
The question assumes that there is some variable x( t ) , the true mean of which is μ .
That is , if we took the mean of all realizations of x( t ) from t = 1 to t = ∞ , the result would be μ .
In practice , however , we never have an infinite number of realizations to analyze , but only a finite number T of sample observations .
Although we can't know the true mean μ , we can calculate s , which is the sample average , or mean of the observations from x ( 1 ) to x( T ) .
Now , the exam question above was n't intended to be " deep " ; I suspect that talking about an autoregressive ( AR ) process concerning the variable d(t ) was an indirect way to get the student to assume that x( t ) itself followed an AR ( 1 ) process , and to then apply a standard formula to " compute the sample variance of the mean of T realizations from an autocorrelated time series process " ( quoted from the solution later given by my professor ) .
An autoregressive process is one in which the value t is dependent on some fraction of the value at t - 1 , plus a random " error " term of mean zero .
For example , we might have x( t ) = .5 * x(t - 1 ) + e(t ) , which means that the value of x at time t is equal to one - half its value at time t - 1 , plus some random error term e(t ) that on average will equal zero .
It makes sense to say that x( t ) in the above question follows such an AR ( 1 ) process .
However , the question said that the deviation of x( t ) from its sample average s follows an AR ( 1 ) process , and this I believe is nonsensical .
This is because , unlike the infinitely long x( t ) process — in which the deviations of x( t ) from its mean μ can in principle sum to any number ( though we expect in the long run this sum to be zero ) — for a finite sample of size T , the deviations d(t ) by definition must sum to zero .
So when my professor — following the standard econometric practice — stipulated that the series d(t ) followed a particular process , he stipulated the impossible .
Let 's illustrate the problem with a sample of size T=3 .
Suppose that the observed values of x are 1 , 2 , and 3 .
The sample average s is thus 2 .
The value of d( 1 ) is - 1 ; that is , x ( 1 ) – s = - 1 .
The value of d( 2 ) is 0 , and the value of d(3 ) is 1 .
As must be the case , the sum of the deviations of x( t ) from the sample mean are zero ; i.e. , - 1 + 0 + 1 = 0 .
Now notice that this makes it impossible for the variable d(t ) to follow an AR process .
This is because the value of d(1 ) and d( 2 ) completely determine the value of d( 3 ) .
Given that d( 1 ) is - 1 and d( 2 ) is 0 , d(3 ) must be 1 to render the entire sum zero .
But if this is the case , then the stipulated formula for d(t ) — that is , d(t ) = ρd(t - 1 ) + e(t ) — cannot be true .
For we know that d(3 ) is not some function of d( 2 ) plus a completely random error term e( 3 ) , which in principle can take any value .
So to reiterate , it 's not merely that the question is irrelevant to a true understanding of economics ; it 's rather that even on purely mathematical terms , the question makes no sense .
The Econometrician 's Response
I emailed my concerns to my professor and his teaching assistant .
They told me that I was reading too much into the question , and that my problem was of a very " philosophical " nature .
Rather than pondering what the question " meant , " I should have realized the relevant formula from the information given , and applied it to get the answer .
I believe their stance is typical of the mainstream approach .
It would be one thing if all of the formal rigor of modeling were followed through to the deepest foundations of economic science .
But unfortunately , I believe that in day - to - day practice , the mainstream economist relies on certain assumptions and techniques to address a particular problem , since he knows " how to solve " the question when it is asked in this way .
But surely there is something fundamentally wrong when he persists in this method , even when the " question " so posed is internally contradictory .
Mistake by Interior Department may cost taxpayers billions in lost royalty payments
June 8th , 2008 by Rod Adams
Bashing oil companies is a popular water cooler sport these days .
At the risk of piling on , I just had to share my anger about some information that I learned on Thursday while listening to NPR ’s Marketplace program .
The General Accountability Office released a report on June 5 , 2008 that computed that the US Treasury may have to forgo oil royalty payments in excess of $ 53 Billion over the next 25 years because of an error made by the Interior Department .
This forgone money is not uncollected taxes , it is the government ’s ( taxpayers ’s ) share of the revenue produced by selling oil that originated from reservoirs under publicly owned sea beds .
Here is what happened .
Congress , recognizing that drilling in deep water is difficult and costly , passed a law in 1995 giving the Interior Department ’s Minerals Management Service authority to provide “ royalty relief ” for off shore leases .
For those who do not keep long term oil prices readily at hand , the price of a barrel of oil in 1995 was between $ 12 and $ 18 .
For the leases issued under this authority in 1996 , 1997 , and 2000 , the MMS included a trigger price where royalty payments would begin if market prices reached certain levels .
For some reason that is not well explained , the MMS failed to include any trigger price limit for the leases issued in 1998 and 1999 .
The production from areas leased during those two years may be royalty free for the entire length of the lease , no matter how high oil prices get .
( In 1998 , oil prices dipped below $ 10 per barrel in the late fall . )
The GAO report provides a number of scenarios that show how the lost revenues to the government will vary depending on actual production and prices and there is quite a range in the estimates from a low of a few billion to a high ( assuming oil prices of $ 100 per barrel ) of about $ 53 Billion .
Of course , we all know that $ 100 per barrel might be a low ball estimate for future prices since we have already seen prices in excess of $ 130 per barrel .
Of course the oil companies are fighting any ex post facto imposition of royalty payments for 1998 and 1999 probably with good justification .
However , what really gets me fired up is that Kerr - McGee has challenged the Interior Department ’s authority to impose the trigger price for any of the years in question .
I also felt like yelling at the radio when I heard that an oil industry spokesman defended the royalty free production as important for encouraging companies to drill domestic wells for improved energy security .
According to ExxonMobil ’s summary annual report for 2007 ( available in the investor information section of the company ’s web site ) it has spent $ 118 Billion during the years 2003 - 2007 simply purchasing its own stock .
Its capital investment program for new drilling , tankers , pipelines , etc. was less than $ 90 billion during the same period .
The company leadership has a right and a responsibility for making prudent capital allocation decisions , but please do not try to tell me that even a majority of the money saved by not paying royalties is plowed back into providing more energy resources for consumers .
ExxonMobil is not alone in its use of capital for stock buybacks instead of new drilling programs – see , for example Chevron Announces Stock Buyback Program
Though I am generally not a huge fan of government investment programs , it seems to me that even the Department of Energy could figure out ways to invest several billion dollars in new energy supply technology instead of using it to buy financial instruments like company stock .
Oops – I just realized that I might be confusing some people by advocating that the government could do a better job when I started the article with a description of a “ mistake ” ( or was it – see Interior Staff Had Inappropriate Relationships with Oil Industry ) by government employees that led to the loss of revenue in the first place .
I guess I a just a hopeless romantic that believes that there could be such a thing as “ good government ” if we return to the concept of “ public servants ” who really do focus on developing career expertise and a service mindset .
For you young people – such a thing used to be possible !
Photo credit – Rigjobs.co.uk
Related posts :
3 Hidden Costs of High Oil Prices
Texas Company Will Recycle Offshore Oil Platforms for Wind Turbines
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
A 14 year old girl in Poland checked into a hospital to terminate her pregnancy but instead was continually harassed and assaulted by anti-choice protesters ( led by a priest ! ) and she 's still pregnant .
From the Gazeta , a Polish publication , an article from June 6 , 2008 which deserves our attention :
A 14 year old girl in Poland ( " Agata " ) who had been raped was admitted to a hospital in Warsaw to have an abortion ( abortion is legal under Polish law when a pregnancy results from rape ) , only to be essentially assaulted and violated again by anti-choice activists .
As of today , the procedure still has not taken place .
According to the article , the Polish Federation for Women and Family Planning has been following the story and knows that " the girl , at
first , wanted to have the abortion in Lublin , where she resides .
However , two hospitals refused to perform the procedure .
A priest
suddenly appeared in one of them during a conversation between the
girl ’s mother and the hospital director .
The priest began trying to
convince the 14 - year - old that she should give birth . "
Apparently , the priest along with a variety of anti-choice protesters and activists showed up at the hospital making a ruckus and trying desperately to force the young girl to carry the pregnancy to term .
As a result , Agata ’s mother turned to the Federation for help in locating another hospital this past week , which they did .
The girl was transferred to this alternative hospital and scheduled the termination .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Shockingly , the priest and his fanatical protesters showed up at this second location in Warsaw only to begin their harassment of this poor girl once again .
An account of what occurred from the author of the article follows :
" I do n’t know how the priest found out about a private procedure taking
place in Warsaw – Wanda Nowica , president of the Federation , wonders . -
Obviously , confidentiality of medical records and the patient ’s right
to privacy have been violated .
According to reports provided by hospital employees , all hell broke
loose when abortion opponents appeared at the hospital .
–
It was a
horror – an employee says .
They attacked her .
In addition to the
priest , there were journalists from Radio Maryja or Trwam Television .
And the women from the anti-abortion organizations occupied the office .
If we went on with the procedure , the “ mohair berets ” [ translator ’s
note : conservative and older female supporters of Radio Maryja ] would
have devouored us "
Agata was then released from this second hospital again without the procedure having been performed and anti-choice zealots have not given up :
Agata was discharged from hospital on Thursday .
When she exited the
hospital with her mother , women from pro-life organizations followed
her – activists from the Federation say .
The mother flagged a police
patrol car .
The police took them to a police station in the Srodmiescie
District of Warsaw .
But the pro-life activists made it there as well .
Meanwhile , notification of a crime having been committed , the coercing
of a minor to undergo an abortion , was submitted at a police station in
the district of Mokotów in Warsaw .
It was submitted by a representative
of the Polish Federation of Pro-Life Movements .
The same organization is trying to amend the current law on family
planning and cross out the stipulation which allows the termination of
pregnancy when it results from rape or when there is a high
probability of fetal deformity or of an incurable disease .
Terminating
the pregnancy would then be allowed only in order to save the mother ’s
life .
Pro-life activists did not leave Agata and her mother alone even at the police station .
According to a representative at the Federation , while anti-choice harassment is common , she has never seen this level of " persecution " before .
We ’ll keep you posted but if you want to act – check out some of their campaigns that may help future " Agatas . "
The Sahara has crossed the Mediterranean , forcing thousands to migrate as a lethal combination of soil degradation and climate change turns parts of southern Europe into desert .
A major UN conference was told yesterday that up to a third of Europe 's soil could eventually be affected .
A fifth of Spanish land is so degraded that it is turning into desert , according to figures released for the first time yesterday , and in Italy tracts of land in the south are now abandoned and technically desert .
Portugal , Spain , Italy and Greece are the four EU countries already so badly affected that they have joined the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification ( CCD ) which is meeting in Bonn this week .
One expert , Maurizio Sciortino , said that there were many causes of the soil degradation , including changing weather patterns and the rise of global farming , which is making it uneconomic to run smallholdings and is driving people from the land .
" Land that has been carefully cultivated and preserved for 2,000 years , with terracing for soil conservation and careful irrigation to keep up productivity , is being abandoned and lost , " he said .
" The walls of the terracing break down , the soil is washed away and we are left with bare rock .
Once that happens there is no way back .
" The conditions are particularly bad in southern Italy , Spain and Greece .
Even southern
France is not immune but so far they do not admit it for political reasons . "
The problem is not confined to the EU .
Bulgaria , Hungary , Moldova , Romania and Russia have all reported signs of desertification .
Experts say Moldova in particular is " highly vulnerable " to desertification , with about 60 % its farmland degraded .
Beyond the Black Sea , there are belts of fast - degrading land stretching as far as Mongolia .
China , for example , has said that land deterioration in its northern provinces is costing its economy £ 4bn a year .
In places such as drought - stricken Sardinia and Sicily , economic conditions are accelerating the problem .
" In many places tourism is making things far worse , " Mr Sciortino said .
" Water is pumped from below ground , pulling salt water from the sea into the aquifers .
Imagine how much water it takes to keep an 18 - hole golf course going for the tourists .
The trouble is they use the money to buy petrol to drive the desalination plants for more water and that makes global warming worse .
In the end it means more deserts .
We have to stop this cycle . "
Italy has a programme of helping the countries of North Africa to combat desertification , partly in order to stem the increasing tide of refugees attempting to reach Europe .
Valareo Calzolaio , the Italian environment minister , said that at first people migrated from the country to the cities and then " toward remote western mirages - migrants fall to the network of criminal traders in human beings . "
He is also concerned about the a rise in the number of refugees from the east : " If we do not take urgent action then within 10 years millions will be forced to migrate from their degraded land and they will be heading for Europe . "
Klaus Töpfer , the former German environment minister who is now executive director of the UN Environment Programme , said : " Although often overlooked , soil is a natural resource that is no less important to human wellbeing and the environment than clean water and clean air , the two things that most people in the EU have been focusing on .
" The sustainable use of soil is one of Europe 's greatest environmental , social and economic challenges . "
Domingo Jimenez - Beltran , executive director of the European Environment Agency , said : " In some parts of Europe , the degradation is so severe that it has reduced the soil 's capacity to support human communities and ecosystems and resulted in desertification .
Because it can take hundreds or thousands of years to regenerate most soils , the damage occurring today is , for all purposes , irreversible . "
In a report published yesterday the agency said the first stages of serious soil degradation were being noted in parts of Europe and 150 m hectares are at a high risk of erosion .
Deterioration is at a critical point in Mediterranean countries .
Meanwhile , the situation is no better in eastern Europe , where 41 % of agricultural land in Ukraine is at risk of erosion .
Currently , 172 countries have ratified the the CCD , as it is known in UN jargon , and this is the fourth annual meeting of members .
It is a sister organisation to the Climate Change Convention - which recently had a disastrous meeting in the Hague - and the Biodiversity Convention , which attempts to preserve habitats and species .
Hama Arba Diallo , the executive secretary of the convention , said most schemes to com bat desertification were small - scale and concentrated in border areas in Africa to prevent migration and conflict .
" Most of our schemes cost between $ 20,000 and $ 50,000 , and involve local communities identifying what needs to be done and doing it .
I can take people to schemes in China where $ 20,000 has turned 15 hectares of desert into valuable agricultural land .
If we had 100 times as much money we could do 100 similar schemes to push back the deserts . "
However , Mr Diallo said it was difficult to attract finance for such small local schemes .
Action Plan
At this year 's Convention to Combat Desertification ( CCD ) , countries in southern Europe produced action plans to deal with :
 Seasonal droughts , very high rainfall variability and sudden high - intensity rainfall
 Poor , highly erodable soil , prone to surface crusts
 Crisis conditions in traditional agriculture with associated land abandonment
 An increase in forest fires
 Concentration of economic activity in coastal areas
A lot of people do n't realize that music legend Tom Waits was anything other than what he is today : the trippy , out - of - time king of the musical junkyard , where he unearths the discarded pieces of metal and wood that are his rhythm section and the obsolete , Frankensteined horns and stringed instruments that fill out his sound .
I fell in love with his harmonic weirdness in the early 90s , as did a lot of other alt - rock - loving young people , but it took me a few years to discover that he had another side -- that really , he had had another musical career entirely -- and that to get to the strange place he is today , Waits underwent one of the most profound musical transitions ever .
The " first " Waits persona was that of a beatnik jazz musician and lovable drunk who , you got the impression , had just stumbled away from the counter of an all - night coffee shop somewhere in seediest
Hollywood , where he had been sobering up after a long night of stumbling through alleys with a bottle in his hand .
( Indeed , for years this was a pretty accurate description of his life : he lived at the now - defunct Tropicana motel on Santa Monica Blvd in LA , hung out in the coffee shop below , and they say he kept his piano in the kitchen . )
Here 's a clip of Waits in rare form on the 1970s parody talk show Fernwood Tonight !
( co-hosted by Fred Willard ) , singing his classic boozy ballad , " The Piano Has Been Drinking ( Not Me ) . "
Of course , it was n't all jokes and cleverness for Waits in the 70s -- besides the nightclub boozer routine he was famous for ( featured prominently in the clip above ) , he wrote some beautiful ballads ( like this one ) that stand the test of time .
But he never really left his piano , and after a decade of success tilling more or less the same musical ground , he decided to change it up .
He split with his long - time producer , Bones Howe , he married the woman he credits with helping change his musical direction , Kathleen Brennan , and he quit his label , moving from Asylum to Island .
He found new instruments to play , using the bagpipes , the marimba , and strange percussion devices , saying in an interview that " Your hands are like dogs , going to the same places they 've been .
You have to be careful when playing is no longer in the mind but in the fingers , going to happy places .
You have to break them of their habits or you do n't explore ; you only play what is confident and pleasing .
I 'm learning to break those habits by playing instruments I know absolutely nothing about , like a bassoon or a waterphone . "
The result was 1983's Swordfishtrombones , an experimental album that sounded nothing like his previous work -- or really , like anything else out there -- and was universally hailed by critics , if regarded with some befuddlement by longtime Waits fans .
Here 's the opening track , as performed in Waits ' 1988 concert film , Big Time .
" Shore Leave "
With this one album , Waits had completely reinvented himself , and found the musical path he would follow for the rest of his career ( or up until now , at least ; who knows , he could reinvent himself again next year ) .
He continued to refine his " junkyard orchestra " sound , but would include at least one beautiful piano ballad on every album , perhaps just to remind us he could still do it , and do it better than anybody .
( Check out " Johnsburg , Illinois , " " Time , " " Picture in a Frame , " " Take It With Me . " )
Rain Dogs followed Swordfishtrombones in 1986 , and is still my favorite of his records .
Here 's the classic " Jockey Full of Bourbon , " presented with clips from his film Down by Law , which he starred in for director Jim Jarmusch .
In the intervening years , some say Waits finally grew into the gravelly " old man " persona he invented with Swordfishtrombones , and he continues to grow and experiment within the nameless genre of music he more or less created , or cobbled together , himself .
Lately his music has been sounding much more rural -- perhaps reflecting the fact that he 's lived in middle - of - nowhere Northern California for a number of years now -- rather than songs by a guy who 's been sobering up at a seedy coffee shop all night , these feel like songs by a guy who 's been plowing a fallow field all day , or distilling some strange experimental brew in his barn .
Mule Variations is probably his coming - of - ( middle ) - age album , and he sounds decidedly rural and comfortable in his niche here , and the songs are excellent .
His junkyard sound has matured , perhaps mellowed a bit .
Here 's
Tom performing " Chocolate Jesus " on Letterman a few years back :
But just when you think you 've got Waits pinned down , he does something truly weird .
He 's experimented with spoken word here and there over the course of his career , but " What 's He Building In There ? " really takes the cake for creepiness ... check out the music video :
A team of astronomers announced they have discovered the smallest and potentially most Earth - like extrasolar planet yet .
Five times as massive as Earth , it orbits a relatively cool star at a distance that would provide earthly temperatures as well , signaling the possibility of liquid water .
" The separation between the planet and its star is just right for having liquid water at its surface , " says astronomer and team spokesperson Stephane Udry of the Observatory of Geneva in Versoix , Switzerland .
" That 's why we are a bit excited . "
But researchers do not yet know if the planet contains water , if it is truly rocky like Earth , which might make it hospitable to life as we know it , or whether it is blanketed by a thick atmosphere .
" What we have , " Udry says , " is the minimum mass of the planet and its separation " from its star .
The researchers say they detected the presence of two new extrasolar planets ( exoplanets ) around a red dwarf star , Gliese 581 , 20.5 light - years away in the constellation Libra , based on slight motions of the star .
Their discovery brings the total number of planets orbiting Gliese 581 to three ; two years ago they made the initial finding of a planet there .
Udry says the group has submitted a paper for peer review and plans to publish a draft this week .
" The claim is extremely interesting and the team is very credible , " says astronomer David Charbonneau of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge , Mass. , adding that he cannot judge the validity of the claim until the team publishes its data .
Researchers believe that many smallish exoplanets exist , but so far they have only found 13 " super Earths " weighing in at less than 20 Earth masses , compared with more than 200 heavier gaseous planets .
Udry 's group searches for smaller planets using a telescope called HARPS ( High Accuracy Radial velocity Planet Searcher ) , which looks for stars that wobble slightly .
As a planet orbits , it pulls a star back and forth .
The range of motion increases with the planet 's mass , and the time needed for one orbit ( or one back and forth ) translates into its distance from the star .
The smaller of the new planets , dubbed Gliese 581 c , orbits at one fourteenth the distance between Earth and the sun .
But the red dwarf is 50 times cooler than the sun .
The group estimates that the planet would experience temperatures in the zero - to - 40 - degree - Celsius ( 32 - to - 104 - Fahrenheit ) range .
" It 's sort of at the ' Goldilocks ' distance , " says Charbonneau — closer to its star and the heat would vaporize any water ; farther away and water would freeze .
The big question is whether there really is water on Gliese 581 c's surface , which requires that its surface be solid .
Udry says planets smaller than 15 Earth masses are likely to be rocky or icy .
Charbonneau is more cautious .
A five - Earth - mass planet " sort of looks like Earth , but it sort of looks like Neptune .
So which is it ? " he says .
" There 's just no way to know . "
Prior Water Claim Evaporated ?
In related news , a recent report of water vapor on gaseous extrasolar planet HD 209458 b may have been premature .
Earlier this month , an astronomer claimed as much based on measurements of starlight passing through the planet 's atmosphere .
Charbonneau , who led the team that collected the data , says the analysis is unconvincing because the telescope itself may have introduced variation that could be mistaken for fluctuation in light coming from the star .
Observations by the Hubble or Spitzer space telescopes may resolve the question once and for all in coming months , Charbonneau says .
By John Sudworth
BBC News , Daegu , South Korea
Experts have been sifting through earth to find human bones
For decades , Lee Tae - joon has wondered what became of his cousin , his childhood companion , who disappeared without trace at the start of the Korean War .
Now he thinks he knows the answer .
At an abandoned cobalt mine near the South Korean city of Daegu , evidence of a massacre is being slowly uncovered .
With brushes and trowels , working ankle - deep in water , a team of archaeologists is sweeping away the top - soil to reveal a mass of human bones .
It is thought that this cold tomb contains the bodies of up to 3,000 people who were executed and then thrown into a vertical mine shaft .
Mr Lee believes his cousin was one of them .
" My heart really breaks when I think that all this killing took place without any judicial process , and by our own forces , " he said .
' Hostility and hatred '
At the outbreak of the Korean War , his cousin , like many thousands of suspected Communist sympathisers , was rounded up by the South Korean police .
That large numbers of these political prisoners were shot to stop them joining troops advancing from the north is the grim truth now being pulled from the country 's soil .
It has taken this long to unearth because , for much of the post - war period , South Korea 's military dictatorships made this kind of investigation impossible .
The families of those who disappeared suffered in silence .
Mr Lee wants to know what happened to his cousin , missing for over 50 years " It was very difficult , " Mr Lee said .
" After the war , even the slightest suggestion that your family had leftist sympathies would leave you open to hostility and hatred . "
In 2005 , South Korea finally established a Truth and Reconciliation Commission .
Its 240 staff have interviewed hundreds of witnesses and relatives of the victims .
Last year , they started digging .
Just a handful of 160 suspected mass - grave sites have been uncovered so far .
In total , they are estimated to contain the remains of more than 100,000 civilian prisoners and suspected leftists .
And there is strong evidence to suggest that the 1950 summer of slaughter took place in the full view of South Korea 's American allies .
' Internal matter '
Photos of the executions , taken by US soldiers , were stamped " secret " and filed away in Washington for years .
Their eyewitness accounts were passed to the top of the chain of command .
You have to understand the situation at the time , our forces were in a very disadvantaged situation and cornered
Kim Man-sik ,
former soldier " There is proof that it was reported to the very top , " said Kim Dong- choon , of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission .
" US soldiers took pictures and reported back to their superiors . "
News reports have suggested that the Americans saw it as an " internal matter " .
The British , though , did take some action , seizing " Execution Hill " , outside Seoul , to prevent further killings .
But 82 - year - old Kim Man-sik , one of the few South Koreans left alive who admits to having taken part in the executions , pleads for a fuller understanding of the circumstances of war .
In the midst of a civil conflict , with the front line just a few miles away , he says the military policemen under his command felt they had little choice but to follow orders .
" On two occasions my unit was told to collect suspected leftists from the police , and we conducted group executions , " he said .
" But you have to understand the situation at the time , our forces were in a very disadvantaged situation and cornered . "
Weak mandate The Truth and Reconciliation Commission has until 2010 to complete its task .
An uncomfortable truth has been airbrushed from the history of the Korean War , which has long attributed almost all atrocities to the communists in the North .
More than half a century on , it is a new generation in the South that are coming to terms with the thought that in war terrible deeds are not only the preserve of the enemy .
But the commission cannot compel witnesses to give evidence , nor can it impose any sanctions on the perpetrators .
There is concern amongst its supporters that its mandate is too short , and its powers too weak , to do justice to its cause .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Do n't wait - try American Greetings for free to print out all the Christmas cards you need to mail , schedule birthday ecards for all your friends , plan your next party and much , much , more !
Follow us for blog post updates , inspiration and new ideas , what to write in a greeting card and free downloads .
When we notice a mosquito alight on our forearm , we direct our gaze in order to find its exact position and quickly try to swat it or brush it away to prevent it bite us .
This apparently simple , instantaneous reaction is the result of a mental process that is much more complex than it may seem .
It requires the brain to align the tactile sensation on the skin with spatial information about our surroundings and our posture .
For the first time , a study done by the Cognitive Neuroscience Research Group ( GRNC ) , attached to the Barcelona Science Park , has shown how this process unfolds over time , examining the conflicts posed by the coexistence of differing spatial maps in the brain .
GRNC researchers Salvador Soto - Faraco ( ICREA research professor ) and Elena Azañón conducted the new study .
“ The main finding of the study is that it has enabled us to confirm that tactile sensations are initially located unconsciously in anatomical coordinates , but they reach our awareness only when the brain has formed an image of their origin in the spatial coordinates , external to the body , ” explained Salvador Soto - Faraco .
The coexistence of different spatial reference frames in the brain has been known for some time .
So has the fact that confusions between them may result in some cases , such as when we invert the usual anatomical position of some body parts ( e.g. when crossing our arms over the body midline ) .
“ The brain sorts out problems of this kind rapidly , in a matter of tenths of a second .
To do so , however , it has to integrate information arriving in formats that are quite disparate ” , Sotoa - Faraco added .
“ Our research has helped us understand how this process works and how the brain manages spatial realignment when faced with conflict ” , he concluded .
A simple example serves to illustrate the confusion that can occur when different spatial reference frames are set in conflict : cross one of your arms over the other , then interleave the fingers of both hands together , palms touching , and turn your hands towards your body so that the left hand is on the right side and vice versa .
While holding this position , if you receive an instruction but no direct physical contact that you are to move one of your fingers , you will most likely move the equivalent finger of the opposite hand .
In order to determine how long it takes for the brain to realign these conflicting spatial reference frames , the GRNC researchers devised a specific methodology that enabled indirect measurement of the location of a tactile sensation on the skin .
To do this , they measured response times to a brief flash ( produced with an LED light emitting diode ) appearing near one of the observer ’s hands .
The researchers then compared the reaction times to the flash when it had appeared near a hand that had previously received a tactile stimulus , versus when the flash had appeared near the opposite hand .
In the main study , the participants ( a group of 32 university students ) were asked to cross their arms so that their right hand lay in their left - hand visual field and vice versa .
The purpose of this procedure was to ensure that the actual external position of the hands was in conflict with their anatomical location .
Each participant underwent roughly 600 essays of this sort .
The time between the tactile sensation and the appearance of the target visual stimulus , as well as their realtive locations , were varied at random .
It was observed that the participants ’ responses to the flash changed dramatically as a function of the time elapsed between receiving the tactile sensation and the presentation of the visual stimulus .
In the initial phase ( 60 ms or earlier ) , the brain tended to locate the tactile sensation in anatomical terms , i.e. if it received the sensation on the left hand , even though it was crossed over to the right - visual field , the sensation was processed as though it had happened on the left - hand side of the body .
However , only a few tenths of a second later ( roughly 200 ms ) , compensation occurred and the tactile sensation was determined to arise from the right - hand side .
Curiously , when participants in the study were asked to locate the tactile stimulus explicitly , they always referred their response to its external source .
This reveals that , although a transition occurs from an initial anatomically - based reference frame towards a visually or externally - based reference frame , we apparently become aware of the tactile sensation in the latter phase .
“ The study ’s results have allowed us to deepen our understanding of how tactile information is located , suggesting that our brain avoids confusions among the various spatial reference frames by keeping the initial part of the process below the threshold of awareness ” , explained Soto - Faraco .
“ Put simply , it could be said that this system of spatial transformation works much as when we hastily jot down some rough notes and later copy them out into final form , discard the original draft , ” he concluded .
British holiday jet in emergency landing after drunk passenger tried to ' open door at 50,000ft '
A plane full of British tourists including children had to make an unscheduled stop in Bermuda last night after a drunken passenger tried to open the door when the aircraft was 50,000ft over the Atlantic .
Police boarded the First Choice Boeing 767-300 at Bermuda airport and led the man away after he had been abusive to other passengers and cabin crew .
Passenger Dominic Carman , who was taking his wife and three children on holiday to Cuba , said : ' He was clearly very drunk .
Mid-air scare : A First Choice jet like this one was forced to land in Bermuda
' He was in a group of about seven or eight people and sitting about three seats away from me .
' He first became abusive to another passenger and they almost came to blows .
' The captain made an announcement that people who were drinking duty free they had brought with them should not drink any more , but the man continued to be abusive . '
Later , cabin crew tried to calm him down and the man - who has not been named - made a lunge to try to lift the door handle .
It was at that point the captain said he had no choice but to go to the nearest airport .
Mr Carman , who is a journalist , said : ' Police came on the plane and led him away .
' All the other passengers clapped as he was taken away .
' We 've all been taken off the flight and are going to be put up in a hotel overnight and continue our flight tomorrow . '
The flight , FCAO82 with more than 250 passengers including some 30 children on board , had been due to leave Gatwick at midday yesterday but was delayed for four hours because of a technical problem .
However , Mr Carman said it was clear the man had been drinking before the flight took off .
Bermuda International Airport : Passengers were delayed for 14 hours
A spokeswoman for First Choice last night confirmed the captain of the flight had to make a diversion because of the behaviour of the passenger .
She said : ' In the interests of passenger safety , the captain decided to divert the plane to Bermuda to off - load the passenger .
' He was being disruptive and he was drunk so it was the sensible thing to do . '
The spokeswoman added the flight crew and passengers had been put up in a hotel in Bermuda .
She could n't say when their journey could resume but it would probably be after a 14 - hour wait .
She said : ' Legally , the crew have to have their rest time and we do n't have any replacements in Bermuda , so we 're looking at a delay of at least 14 hours . '
The drunken passenger was not arrested when taken off the plane but is being questioned by immigration staff in Bermuda .
Air rage on passenger planes has soared by 62 per cent over the last 12 months , and quadrupled over the last five years according to official figures .
In May , an airliner carrying British tourists home from a package holiday had to be diverted to France after a woman ' took a bite ' ' out of her boyfriend 's face during a vicious fight at 35,000ft .
Passengers on the flight from Egypt said the ' drunken ' couple had to be restrained by two off - duty police officers who were on the flight .
The agreement on changes to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) announced Thursday by the White House and congressional Democrats is an important victory for U.S. national security .
Americans owe a debt of gratitude to the Bush administration , in particular National Intelligence Director Mike McConnell , and to congressional Republicans , especially Sen .
Kit Bond of Missouri , for fighting to ensure that the U.S. intelligence community will have the tools it needs to monitor foreign terrorist networks .
The legislation passed the House on Thursday by a vote of 293 to 129 , and is expected to pass the Senate this week .
The most important benefit of the agreement is that it grants retroactive liability protection to telecommunications companies who responded to the federal government ’s request for emergency help after September 11 .
The companies did their patriotic duty : making sure that the U.S. intelligence agencies were able to monitor the telephone calls and faxes of known and suspected terrorists - at a time when there was good reason to worry about a second wave of attacks .
However , for doing the right thing , the companies were hit with approximately 40 lawsuits pushed by the ACLU , the Electronic Frontier Foundation and trial - lawyer activists .
These lawsuits exposed the telecoms to the possibility of paying billions in damages for helping the government conduct “ illegal ” warrantless surveillance .
But two centuries of American case law demonstrate that the warrant requirement has never been absolute .
To cite but one of many exceptions , the president has long been understood to have the “ inherent authority ” to conduct warrantless searches to obtain foreign intelligence information .
This has been recognized by federal appeals courts and was acknowledged in 2002 by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court of Review .
In this context , it would be difficult to imagine a more pernicious message to send to these companies - forcing them to choose between their fiduciary duty to stockholders on the one hand and acting lawfully to help protect their fellow citizens from terrorist attack on the other .
The FISA agreement worked out last week means the telecoms wo n’t be put in such an impossible position .
It sends an important message to the private sector : that corporations can assist their government ’s efforts to prevent future attacks without fear of harassing lawsuits .
The legislation , which would sunset in 2012 , also ends the foolish practice of requiring judicial ( or formal attorney - general ) authorization to monitor communications between terrorists overseas if their calls are routed through a switch located in the United States .
On May 12 , 2007 , three U.S. soldiers from the 10th Mountain Division in Ft. Drum , N.Y. were ambushed and kidnapped by al Qaeda south of Baghdad .
Over the next two days , intelligence officials learned of communications that might be related to the ambush .
But on May 15 , nine hours went by as U.S. intelligence and law enforcement officials tried to get a warrant to monitor the suspected abductors ’ communications and tracked down Attorney General Alberto Gonzales to authorize a warrant .
The U.S. military found the lifeless body of one of the kidnapped soldiers later that month , while the other two men remain missing .
Under the compromise measure that cleared the House last week , a court order would no longer be required to monitor communications in which both parties are foreign terrorists located outside the United States .
If the House vote is any indication , political fallout from the legislation will unify Republicans and deeply divide the Democrats - not unlike the presidential primaries which just concluded .
In the House , Republicans voted 188 - 1 in favor of the bill , while Democrats voted 128-105 against it .
Left - wing blogs like Talking Points Memo and DailyKos are furious with members of the House Democratic leadership like House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , Intelligence Committee Chairman Silvestre Reyes and members of the Blue Dog Coalition for supporting the bill .
Meanwhile , Barack Obama is triangulating on FISA .
He has announced his support for the House - passed bill , but says he will try to strip retroactive immunity from the legislation when it reaches the Senate floor .
Yet Mr. Obama is coming under pressure from MoveOn.org , which is calling on him to fulfill a campaign promise to filibuster any bill including retroactive immunity for telecoms .
Mr. Obama is about to discover the unhappy truth :
No amount of politically prudent pandering will mollify the hard left .
As for John McCain , he supports the deal reached last week .
But his campaign has mishandled the issue , most recently in sending a surrogate to a technology conference where he contradicted Mr. McCain ’s position on FISA .
John McCain is right on this issue .
But whether he is capable of articulating this is an open question .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
By Neil Heathcote
BBC News , Mumbai
UK developers are heading to India in search of wealthy new customers for their luxury flats .
But why would anyone invest in London 's wobbly property markets ?
Because the super - rich still have plenty of cash to spend .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
One of the world 's most expensive homes is currently being built in Mumbai for Reliance head Mukesh Ambani .
His personal skyscraper will boast six storeys just for parking cars , and is expected to cost nearly $ 2bn by the time it is complete .
It 's this spectacular level of wealth that is being generated in the country that has caught the eye of developers overseas .
Nick Candy , one half of the design and development firm Candy & Candy , is in Mumbai to drum up interest for his own super - luxury project , One Hyde Park .
The central London project is offering apartments - to the right kind of customer - for an average of £ 20 m .
Mr Candy is a man used to dealing with the fabulously rich .
But he says , " I 'm flabbergasted by the amount of wealth in India .
It 's staggering . "
Stable at the top Candy & Candy specialises in strictly top - end property .
Its customer base is a roll - call of the super rich : royals , entrepreneurs , private company bosses .
All with a taste for the best , all very discreet , and many from the developing petro-states - Russia , the Gulf , Kazakhstan .
Construction of One Hyde Park will not be finished until 2010
It 's now looking to open an office in India .
But why would Indian investors want to put money into London 's property market now the boom is over ?
And with the financial markets still suffering the fallout of the US sub - prime crisis ?
" It 's going to be very tough in America , and I think the UK will probably mirror it six months later , " admits Mr Candy .
But , he says , this applies only to properties under £ 2 m where buyers need to borrow the money .
There , you can expect " serious reductions in prices " , according to Mr Candy - " and you 're looking at a lot more than 10 % . "
For top - end property - costing more than £ 5 m - he thinks prices will be stable .
There are not many people who can afford that level of luxury - and in London , there are still very few properties for them to buy .
Besides , says Mr Candy , " they 've still got huge amounts of wealth .
Maybe it 's come down from $ 1bn to $ 500 m - or if they 've been very unlucky , it 's $ 50 m .
But it 's still huge amounts of wealth . "
Old - money roots
India now has more billionaires than any other country in Asia - 36 at the last count .
Together they are worth nearly $ 200 bn .
It 's a testament to the rapid growth of the South Asian economy , which shows little signs of flagging .
Many of those super - rich are now keen to invest their wealth around the globe .
But the number of self - made entrepreneurs still lags far behind the US .
India 's top three richest people are all successful businessmen , but have made their money in old - economy industries , such as oil and property .
And while they have thrived in India 's new economy , they have all built their wealth on fortunes inherited from their parents .
India Business Report is broadcast repeatedly every Sunday on BBC World News .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What can the UK learn from New Zealand 's approach to sex workers ?
Quite a lot , actually .
On Wednesday June 25 , sex workers and brothel operators mingled in parliament with a range of people – Catholic nuns , public health experts , and politicians – to mark the 5th anniversary of the decriminalisation of prostitution .
Even the prime minster , Helen Clark , dropped in to pass comment on the success of giving rights to sex workers .
Throughout the day , participants heard from researchers who had been commissioned by the ministry of justice – included in the legislation was a requirement that a committee , appointed by the justice minister , be established to review the law and to assess its impact on the sex industry within five years .
It was no surprise to me that these researchers found overwhelming evidence to contradict the wild claims of opponents to the Prostitution Reform Act .
Opponents had claimed that , as a consequence of liberalising the law , brothels would create havoc in every neighbourhood , with thugs moving in to traffic women and children .
Yet none of these claims came true .
One researcher surveyed 772 sex workers from across the country , while the other interviewed government and non-government stakeholders , including labour and health officials , and brothel operators , about their reaction to decriminalisation .
The overwhelming response to the legislation has been positive .
Police have moved from clogging courts with prosecutions for soliciting to preventing violence against sex workers .
As one said : " Now , if I have any trouble , I can pull out my phone and call the cops , and they will come " .
We may be a small country , but we are part of the Asia - Pacific rim with its dynamic migration patterns .
Motivated by claims of trafficking , immigration officials have raided brothels , seeking victims .
They have n't found any .
As one sex worker told the audience : " I can stand up for myself .
My boss may be an idiot , but he wo n't try to push me around .
I know the law " .
The chair of the prostitution law review committee – a retired Police commissioner and one time vice cop – said that people were gobsmacked when he told them the committee had found that many sex workers enjoy their work .
Researchers confirmed that many sex workers do n't want rescuing – they want rights .
The committee concluded that the act has had a marked effect in safeguarding the human rights of sex workers and improving their occupational safety and health .
I believe the UK could reorient its laws to achieve this reality .
And the sky wo n't fall in .
A good business owner will always keep a good eye on various parts of the law that may boost or hinder their operation .
In Florida , one of those things can be gambling law .
Today , we take a look at how gambling laws in Florida can actually affect your business .
Here are a few solid ways how :
It Affects Your Fundraisers
A fairly common usage for gambling would be for fundraisers .
If you ’re not aware of the fact , lotteries and even games of bingo are to be considered forms of gambling under Florida law .
If you are going to throw a Vegas Night themed fundraiser , being aware of the law can spare you from some pretty unfortunate run-ins with the law .
For example , if you ’re using poker , did you know that it is illegal to have a pot that exceeds the amount of $ 10 ?
It Affects the Licensing You Need
While most forms of gambling are not allowed in Florida , there are some that pass .
One such thing would be horse racing .
If you are planning to have a business that helps bettors place bets on a particular horse or racing result , you will naturally need a license to do so .
Not all business licenses are the same .
It would be smart of you to determine which one will be needed by the business that you want to create .
It Affects Your Taxation
Taxes are always an unpleasant part of life .
However , we can all agree that it is needed in order to allow our country and our community to keep growing and working .
The gambling laws in Florida may actually affect how you are taxed — especially if your business is related to gambling .
﻿
While it may seem like you ’ll have some extra hoops to overcome , these are all for your benefit and the benefit of the beautiful state of Florida .
What effects would you say gambling laws have on a business ?
We ’d love to know !
READ MORE
Armed with a doctorate in physiological psychology , Eric Haseltine has explored the boundaries of perception and illusion in commercial projects ranging from flight simulators for Hughes Aircraft to virtual reality and special effects for Disney theme parks .
After the events of 9/11 , he became engaged in the study of a different kind of illusion : the shadowy world of international espionage .
He headed research and development for the National Security Agency in 2002 , and in 2006 he was named associate director for science and technology for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence .
One of his responsibilities involved research on how to extract information from people during interrogation and how to determine whether the information is valid .
Now an independent contractor who calls himself a “ technology futurist , ” Haseltine divulges as much as he can about deception detection .
Can science help us determine if someone is deceiving us ?
The very high - tech stuff we rely on includes functional magnetic resonance imaging , magnetic encephalography , and some very , very sophisticated electroencephalography — one of the techniques used to test so - called guilty knowledge .
That ’s where you expose somebody to something and they have guilty knowledge — they ’ve seen it before , let ’s say .
You can tell by looking at their brain response , up to a point , whether their brain has seen that thing or not .
You say , well , do you know X , or have you seen X , and they say no , but their brain says otherwise .
Other work is trying to make traditional polygraphy better by using , for example , algorithms instead of humans to look at what ’s coming in on the needle .
The polygrapher , who is only human , can have a positive or negative bias about the subject that will color the interpretation of what ’s on the needles , so there is a lot of work to make it objective .
Algorithms can do a better job of telling if there is a good physiological response , but it ’s still a big leap to telling whether the person is lying .
It ’s still in the basic research phase and far from being something that I would feel comfortable relying on , especially when it gets into the issue of cross-cultural communications .
And there are other factors that we do n’t completely understand .
For example , the kind of person you worry about the most is one who has what we call antisocial personality disorder [ a person who is indifferent to the needs of others ] .
Those people seem to have low guilt and anxiety .
Do they have the same physiological response as someone who is “ normal ” ?
Yes and no .
Lying requires a mental workload , which , according to some scientists , drives up the blood pressure and heart rate regardless of your emotional state , and so there may be some similarities and there may not be .
Those are questions that require more investigation .
So I personally would not put a lot of stock in any of these measures , including polygraphy per se .
We now get into the category of things that I would call low tech , which I think have a fair amount of validity .
For example , Paul Ekman looks at microexpressions as evidence of what you ’re really feeling .
What he feels is that when you are suppressing things , things leak out in microbursts .
If someone says , “ Gee , I really am saddened by the death of my wife ” and a microexpression shows that he is happy or contemptuous , then it would give you pause .
By itself , I would n’t call it lie detection .
But it does give you information that would either support or not support the hypothesis of deception .
What are interrogators told to look for ?
There is n’t a lot of behavioral research data about which particular techniques are most effective .
There was a Luftwaffe [ German air force ] corporal who was legendary in World War II for interrogating .
His name was Hanns Scharff .
He spoke flawless English .
He was an incredibly gentle person .
He was warm , he never in any way pressured interviewees , and he extracted tremendous intelligence .
People who talked about being interrogated by him said they did n’t know they were being interrogated .
He had an incredible memory and he never wrote anything down .
So you ’d be walking out in the exercise yard , smoking a cigarette with him , and he ’d just be talking .
And he would remember everything .
Who makes a good spy or a good liar ?
I do n’t think there ’s any one answer to that .
Being a good actor , being a good poker player .
Being a good con man .
Con men are people who are sociopathic , who do not feel remorse , and who are very attuned , strangely , to other people and can read them very well .
If I know what you really want to hear and what is in your heart of hearts , your fondest desire , because I ’m good at reading you and I ’m street - smart about assessing you , then I can feed you what you want to hear .
A good con man does that .
A good magician does that .
You also have to have a good memory .
So behavioral scientists have a leg up on technology as far as interrogation goes ?
I think that ’s right .
You think of things like thermal imaging and pupil dilation , and you can look at heart rate with ultrawideband radar , and blood pressure and breathing rate and galvanic skin response — signals like sweat — and you can look at the constellation of all of these things , and they may tell you that the person is aroused or that he ’s having an autonomic response .
But it ’s a big leap from that to “ He ’s lying . ”
I ’ve undergone polygraphs , and I will tell you it ’s a very stressful experience .
And some people react very differently to stress than others without being liars at all .
Does torture work as a method of extracting the truth ?
I ’m going to go back to the findings of the Intelligence Science Board , a group of scientists who advised the U.S. intelligence community and studied the most effective ways to gather information in a free society .
When they looked at all the techniques that are used , their conclusion is that we do n’t have the behavioral science to give us the answers .
As to coercive methods , I do n’t think we have good information to say one way or another .
[ The notion that ] if you ’re in intense pain then you ’ll break may not be true .
What is the hottest area today in deception detection ?
Human lie detectors .
I think the low - tech training of humans to be better interpreters of information is where the most productive work is going to be .
The reason being that you can either train a human to do it or train a computer to do it , and human brains are still much better computers than computers are .
Is there any technique that scares or worries you ?
I think it ’s inevitable that with neuroscience we ’re going to get to a point where , without [ a person ’s ] cooperation , we can be pretty accurate about knowing what a person knows or feels or thinks .
And so I would n’t say it scares me , but I would say that there are going to be some really tough issues for society to deal with [ regarding ] where privacy and human dignity begin and the right of the larger group to protect itself ends .
It ’s kind of like the same question as : Is it okay to take the fingerprint of a criminal or a suspect ?
Yes .
Is it okay to take their DNA ?
Less clear .
Is it okay to find out what ’s going on in their brain without their cooperation ?
Let ’s say we can train a computer to do better than a human does looking at facial expressions and body language and everything else , right ?
I think that it will be possible and maybe not too far off in the future .
So imagine if a computer can look at you through a camera and know whether you are suppressing information or having feelings that are not consistent with what you ’re saying , and you do n’t have any ability to volunteer that .
I think that society has got to wrestle with that question .
And I ’m not saying that I ’m scared , I ’m saying that I ’m not optimistic that there are any easy answers .
Maybe it was a sign that the dude who turned me onto Napster back in its heyday was the laziest guy in the office .
But it was n’t long before his suggestion went viral in the building , and Napster launched the P2P era .
Since then , it ’s been sued , overtaken and batted around by the likes of Lars Ulrich .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Its stock ?
How does a 95 percent nosedive in the last six years grab you ?
So whither Napster , now that it has become the laughingstock of downloading ?
According to Bloomberg , it ’s become a possible takeover target for hedge funds in search of failing businesses whose cash on hand exceeds the value of their shares .
Currently , Napster has stashed nearly $ 70 million in cash and investments , while its stock valuation limps along at around $ 50 million .
One possible buyer would be JDS Capital Management , according to one of Bloomberg ’s sources , since the elusive hedge fund also currently owns eMusic and Dreamworks ’ publishing arm .
" At today ’s valuation , Napster has the dubious distinction of being worth more dead than alive , ” dissident shareholders complained in a proxy statement in June .
Which leaves the question : Can anyone raise Napster from the dead ?
Here ’s a better question :
Why would they want to ?
The future belongs to torrents .
Napster ’s P2P ship sailed long before Metallica burned its sails .
Everything that remains can’t help but seem like sound and cash , signifying nothing .
The naturally weighted 1.6 - GHz VLBI image of J1427+3312 at the frequency of 1.6 GHz ( 18 cm wavelength ) .
The positive contour levels increase by a factor of v2 .
The first contours are drawn at - 50 and 50 µ Jy / beam ( 3 sigma RMS noise ) .
The peak brightness is 460 µ Jy / beam .
Image : JIVE .
An international group of radio astronomers has found an unexpected morphology in the most distant radio quasar ever .
This was done using the world 's most sensitive network of radio telescopes called the European VLBI Network ( EVN ) .
The results of their discovery are published in the Astronomy and Astrophysics journal on 5 June .
Quasars are the most powerful ' engines ' in the Universe .
Observed with a radio telescope they look like stars , but they are much farther away from Earth .
Because they are so powerful , their light can be seen by modern telescopes from distances comparable with the size of the Universe .
The observation of the newly found quasar was conducted with ten radio telescopes in Europe ( including the Westerbork Synthesis Radio Telescope in the Netherlands ) , China and South Africa , at the frequency of 1.6 GHz ( wavelength of 18 cm ) .
The quasar , called J1427+3312 , can be seen in the image .
It shows a double morphology and the components are about 480 light years apart .
This kind of double morphology , combined with a steep radio spectrum , is typical for young radio sources .
What makes the quasar in the picture so interesting is its extremely distant location .
It is so far away from our Galaxy that it takes the light it emits more than 90 % of the age of the Universe to reach us .
In other words , what we see corresponds to the time when the Universe was less than 10 % of its present age .
Being so distant , the quasar J1427+3312 is located relatively close to the inner edge of the so called Epoch of Reionisation ( EoR ) - the cosmological ' Dark Ages ' .
In a sense , the EoR is responsible for the appearance and composition of the Universe we live in - the variety of galaxies , stars and , ultimately , planets .
The reionisation is one of the most tantalizing subjects for investigations with the next generation of radio telescopes , LOFAR and the Square Kilometre Array ( SKA ) .
Currently Dutch efforts in radio astronomy focus largely on the implementation of LOFAR and SKA .
The quasar J1427+3312 , in the words of Leonid Gurvits , Senior Astronomer at the Joint Institute for VLBI in Europe ( JIVE , Dwingeloo , the Netherlands ) , is " a powerful lighthouse that happens to be located at the place where we want to light up surroundings in search for something terribly important ; one day , with new radio telescopes , we will ' use ' this lighthouse as a handy tool in the search for EoR signatures . "
The EVN observation that resulted in the image on the figure has become possible only owing to the impressive progress in radio astronomy technologies achieved over the last several years .
" In this observation , owing to the extremely high data rate registered by all ten telescopes , we were able to achieve a sensitivity which was unthinkable just a few years ago , " explains Zsolt Paragi , Senior Support Scientist at JIVE .
" The combined data rate at the entry point of the EVN data processor at JIVE for this experiment was 10 Gigabit per second - an equivalent of about 1000 DVD movies played simultaneously . "
Astronomers are used to intriguing sources which occupy our skies .
But some sources are more wonderful than others .
" In historical analogy , " continues Gurvits , " finding the astronomical lighthouse J1427+3312 in such a young state at such an early cosmological epoch is like discovering one of the Seven Ancient Wonders , the Lighthouse of Alexandria , in perfect operational condition ! "
The group of astronomers that discovered the quasar includes : Sándor Frey of the Satellite Geodetic Observatory , Hungary , and a former research fellow at JIVE ; Gurvits ; Paragi ; and Krisztina Gabányi of the Institute of Space and Astronautical Sciences , Japan , and Research Group for Physical Geodesy and Geodynamics , Hungary .
Source : JIVE
The long search for the female equivalent of Viagra has led researchers to . . . Viagra .
In a small study of 98 women published today , the little blue pill helped women whose sexual performance had flagged as a side effect of taking antidepressants , known as SSRIs -- a very specific finding that could open a new use for the male impotence drug .
The report in the Journal of the American Medical Assn. is one of the few to find some benefit for women despite nearly a decade of searching by its maker , Pfizer Inc .
More than 6 million women in the U.S. suffer from major depression .
Antidepressants are the most common treatment for the mood disorder , and while they can be quite beneficial , they often have debilitating sexual side effects .
Advertisement
Doctors said the study , which was funded with a grant from Pfizer , could foster broader experimentation with Viagra for women , although they added that the drug was unlikely to become the blockbuster phenomenon it is among men .
Its effectiveness in women is limited compared with men , and Pfizer has said it does not plan to develop the drug for female disorders .
Still , the study is certain to rekindle debate about the nature of sexual problems in women and men .
While male difficulties have largely been seen in mechanical terms , female dysfunction has been viewed as more complicated and connected to desire .
But Dr. Irwin Goldstein , director of sexual medicine at Alvarado Hospital in San Diego , who has prescribed Viagra for some of his female patients , said the new research suggests that “ however you think about men and women , there are a lot of similarities . ”
Not long after Viagra was introduced in 1998 to treat erectile dysfunction in men , Pfizer started researching its use in women .
The company hoped to add to the success of Viagra , which had worldwide sales of $ 1.76 billion last year .
Advertisement
Initial studies of Viagra in women were disappointing .
The drug blocks an enzyme that inhibits blood flow , which , in the case of men , allows more blood to flow to the penis .
In women , the drug increased engorgement of genital tissue but failed to enhance women ’s enjoyment of sex .
Pfizer ended company - initiated trials of the drug for female sexual arousal disorder in 2004 .
However , many doctors said the early studies were n’t selective enough , because they included women who lacked desire .
Such women , like men with desire problems , could n’t expect to be helped by Viagra , they said .
The latest study was confined to women with arousal problems .
They all had been diagnosed with major depression and were taking a specific class of antidepressants called selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors , or SSRIs .
Their depression was in remission when the study began .
The women , all of whom were premenopausal , were divided into two groups .
One group was assigned to take Viagra one to two hours before sexual activity for eight weeks .
The other women received the same instructions but were given a placebo .
Advertisement
At the end of the study , 72 % of women taking Viagra , and 27 % of those taking the placebo , reported improvement .
The side effects were those typically associated with Viagra , including headaches and flushing .
The women who responded best tended to have higher levels of testosterone , a phenomenon also observed in men taking Viagra .
Goldstein , who consults for Pfizer and other drug companies , said testosterone levels may be the key .
A recent study in Italy found that Viagra helped female diabetics with normal testosterone levels .
“ What is so cool about this paper is that women with sexual problems have another drug they can use , ” Goldstein said .
“ As long as their testosterone values are OK , we can help them . ”
Julia R. Heiman , director of the Kinsey Institute for Research in Sex , Gender and Reproduction at Indiana University and a study author , said the findings were important because the sexual side effects of antidepressants can be so debilitating that women discontinue the medication , putting themselves at risk for greater depression .
Advertisement
“ This will change practice , ” said Dr. Andrew Leuchter , a professor of psychiatry at UCLA who was not involved in the study .
Dr. Glenn D. Braunstein , an endocrinologist and chairman of the department of medicine at Cedars - Sinai Medical Center , said Viagra might not work as well in the real world as it did in the study .
Patients who experienced headaches or flushing might have figured out that they had received Viagra , and that knowledge might have affected their assessment of their sexual performance , he said .
“ This is a provocative study , but I would love to see it confirmed in a larger group of women , ” he said .
Nonetheless , Braunstein predicted that few women on antidepressants would wait for a second study .
Advertisement
“ If I had to predict , use of Viagra will go up , ” he said .
“ A woman might not even ask her gynecologist for it -- she might just ask her significant other to give her some . ”
--
denise.gellene@latimes.com
New trailer for “ Fly Me To The Moon ” has been released and you can watch it below .
But the news is that ( instead August 8th , 2008 ) .
More about this first animated movie shot in 3 - D for 3D you can read and watch HERE Official Movie Website : flymetothemoonthemovie.com Director : Writer : Studio : Starring the voice of : and
According to Forbes.com Manchester United have been valued at $ 1.8 billion , ahead of the club traditionally known as the richest club in football ( Real Madrid , $ 1.285 billion ) and their chief domestic rivals Arsenal ( $ 1.2 billion ) , Liverpool ( $ 1.05 billion ) and Chelsea ( $ 764 million ) .
Have fun sorting the lists according to different criteria .
Here are some highlights :
Manchester United are one of the worst clubs debt - wise , and Arsenal and Newcastle United are n’t that well off either .
Real Madrid are still top on revenue and clearly ahead of the chasing pack ( Manchester United , Barcelona and Chelsea ) .
Madrid and United are again neck to neck when operating income is considered .
Although Chelsea have a negative operating income , West Ham , Aston Villa and Valencia are in far worse shape and are suffering more losses .
United and Chelsea are likely to get stronger next year as a result of their Champions League final appearance this season and their strong showing in the domestic league .
Winning the league / cup this season will give the rivals more than just bragging rights – it will give them a financial edge as well .
English clubs dominate the list , with 10 out of 25 clubs .
Italy have 4 reps , Spain 3 , Germany 5 , France 2 and Scotland 1 .
Here ’s the link ( this is for the table rankings based on club value ) again – and remember , do n’t shoot the messenger 🙂
The Detroit Red Wings held off a last - gasp rally by the Pittsburgh Penguins late in the third period of Game 6 to capture the franchise 's 11th Stanley Cup on Wednesday night .
Henrik Zetterberg 's 13th goal of the playoffs early in the third period held up as the winner in the 3 - 2 game at Mellon Arena in Pittsburgh .
Zetterberg 's goal put the Wings up by two goals , but Sergei Gonchar scored a power - play goal for Pittsburgh with 1:27 left and Penguins captain Sidney Crosby and teammate Marian Hossa each nearly tied the game just before the final buzzer .
Zetterberg won the Conn Smythe Trophy as most valuable player in the playoffs .
He tied for the lead in both goals and points , with 27 .
" It 's been unbelievable , " Zetterberg told Hockey Night in Canada .
" It was tough losing that last game but we battled through that and came back today and played an unbelievable game . "
Brian Rafalski scored in the first and Valtteri Filppula had a goal in the second to put Detroit up 2 - 0 .
Evgeni Malkin scored late in the second for Pittsburgh , but the Penguins mustered just one shot on net over the first 17 minutes of the third .
Detroit has won the Stanley Cup in four of the last 11 seasons of play .
With the result , Nicklas Lidstrom becomes the first European captain of a Stanley Cup champion .
" We got great players and we played hard all year , " said Detroit coach Mike Babcock .
" For over three years we 've had a pretty good hockey club and with the leadership of Lidstrom … it 's a pretty special group . "
Defenceman Niklas Kronwall was again outstanding for Detroit , finishing with two assists .
Kronwall finished the playoffs with 15 assists , second only to Crosby , who had 21 .
Goaltender Chris Osgood , one of 11 Red Wings to win the Cup for at least a second time , made 20 saves .
He started the playoffs on the bench , replacing Dominik Hasek in net in the fourth game of the team 's first - round series .
" It was difficult again .
Pittsburgh has a great young team and gave us all we could handle , " said Osgood .
" It was probably the most difficult series I 've played in a while .
" They got a talented team ; we held on right until the end again .
They kept pushing us . "
It was Pittsburgh 's second defeat at home in a span of four days after having not lost at Mellon Arena since late February .
It was a disappointing end to a tremendous season for the Penguins , who made the final just two seasons after finishing with a lowly 58 points .
The turnaround was led by youngsters Crosby , Malkin , Marc - Andre Fleury and Jordan Staal .
" We 're going in the right direction with those young kids , " said Penguins coach Michel Therrien .
" The future is bright with those young kids .
This is definitely a team that is really fun to coach .
They paid a price to try to get better .
I 'm really proud of my players . "
Detroit outshot Pittsburgh 30 - 22 in the game .
Petr Sykora , who scored the winning goal in triple overtime in Game 5 , had a chance to be the first goal scorer on Wednesday but his shot in the slot was set aside by Osgood .
With Darryl Sydor in the penalty box for interference , Detroit struck for their fourth power - play goal of the playoffs .
Rafalski's wrist shot from the point went off Pittsburgh defenceman Hal Gill 's skate and into the net .
Zetterberg and Pavel Datsyuk drew assists , with Tomas Holmstrom screening Penguins goalie Fleury .
For the second time in three games , Pittsburgh could n't capitalize on a 5 - on - 3 advantage later in the period .
The home side had the two - man advantage for 1:33 but Osgood muzzled a pair of Malkin slapshots .
Osgood also knocked down Gonchar 's slapshot early in the second on a power play .
Seconds later , Detroit defenceman Brad Stuart nailed Crosby with a clean hit and the Penguins captain went to the bench in some pain , though he returned a few minutes later .
Pittsburgh was having trouble gaining traction in Detroit 's zone and Red Wings defenceman Kronwall sprung Mikael Samuelsson to set in motion the second goal of the game .
Samuelsson 's shot from the right wing led to a big rebound , and Filpulla 's backhander trickled between Fleury 's pads at the 8:07 mark .
Pens stage late second rally
Sensing the game slipping away , the Penguins put on intense pressure .
Ryan
Whitney skated in from the point and fired a shot that Osgood deflected wide , while the Detroit goalie got his stick down to prevent a Gary Roberts shot in close from crossing the goal - line .
With Datsyuk in the penalty box for interference , Pittsburgh finally broke through with 4:34 left in the second period .
The Penguins moved the puck around the perimeter smartly and Malkin blasted a slapshot between Osgood 's pads .
The Russian sophomore , who struggled much of the series , scored for the first time in six games .
The Red Wings almost regained their two - goal cushion on a power play late in the period , but Fleury stood firm at the right post as the Wings tried to jam the puck into the net .
Pittsburgh was outplayed by the Red Wings right from the opening face off in the third and a comeback looked unlikely after the first half of the period .
" They really stuck to their game plan , we got a little out of sorts and did n't stick to our game plan as much as we should have , but you 've got to give them a lot of credit , " said Roberts .
" They 're a heckuva hockey club , they played us hard . "
Zetterberg 's shot for the third goal went off Gonchar 's skate and between Fleury 's pads .
The puck lay in the crease while the players milled in front of Fleury , with the goaltender falling back and inadvertently knocking the puck in at the 7:36 mark .
With the goal , Zetterberg tied teammate Johan Franzen for the playoff goal lead .
Zetterberg nearly added a second goal moments later on a 2 - on - 1 , and Fleury was forced to come up with saves on Kris Draper and Daniel Cleary , who will become the first player from Newfoundland to get his name engraved on the Stanley Cup .
Malkin's wrist shot with just under two minutes left was Osgood 's only serious challenge of the period , but a Detroit penalty was called on the play .
Pittsburgh pulled Fleury for a two - man advantage and Gonchar struck with a slapper with 87 seconds left .
The Penguins caught a break as it appeared that Ryan Malone knocked the stick out of the hands of Red Wings defender Andreas Lilja .
Pittsburgh got the puck into Detroit 's zone with less than eight seconds left .
Hossa fired a backhander that troubled Osgood , with Crosby 's rebound attempt near the right post too late and through the crease .
Drake gets elusive Cup
Fleury did n't have his strongest game on Wednesday but was the man on the spot much of the series , as Detroit outshot Pittsburgh 222- 142 .
Detroit went 4 - for - 30 on the power play , while Pittsburgh connected on five of 27 opportunities .
Of the players winning the Cup for the first time , Dallas Drake waited the longest .
Drake entered the NHL in 1992 - 93 with Detroit , returning to the club this year .
Babcock won his first Stanley Cup in his second attempt .
Babcock is expected to sign a contract extension in the coming days .
Chris Chelios , the oldest player in the league at 46 , was in a buoyant mood despite not seeing ice time during the final .
" It 's the greatest feeling in the world , " Chelios said .
" I 'm glad I hung around to see this and be in this again . "
Mark Hartigan , meanwhile , will get his name on the Cup for a second consecutive year .
Hartigan played a total of five post - season games with Anaheim and Detroit .
It was the first time the Stanley Cup was readied for presentation in Pittsburgh .
The Penguins won two Stanley Cups in the early 1990s , both on the road .
Penguins forward Roberts , 42 , was trying to set a unique record for longest stretch between championships .
He was part of Calgary 's 1989 Stanley Cup team .
Roberts told Hockey Night in Canada he has enjoyed playing in Pittsburgh so much , he is not ready to contemplate retirement .
DIGG THIS
About the only industries the American government is skilled at creating are the war industries and the smuggling industries .
The fiasco some people call the " war on drugs " is proof positive that most people learn nothing from history .
What happened when the government outlawed the sale of alcohol ?
It created organized crime , vast organizations that smuggled booze into the country and set up wholesale and retail distribution of it .
Since criminal organizations are denied the benefit of the law for settling disputes , you got gang wars for turf and distribution rights .
Prohibition , as it was called , was supported by the same barnyard - style rhetoric that you hear about drugs .
Enormous government organizations were formed to fight illegal alcohol .
Corruption became rampant .
It became a standard joke that the big supporters of prohibition were the cops and bootleggers .
The American public finally got fed up with corruption and hypocrisy , and repealed the amendment that had created Prohibition .
The politicians were smarter the next time .
They did n’t use a constitutional amendment for outlawing drugs , which would give the people a choice to reject it .
They outlawed them by statute , and it is a well - known fact that the group with the least influence on the legislative process is the American people .
The exact same thing happened that had happened with prohibition .
Organizations were formed that smuggled drugs into the U.S. and set up wholesale and retail distribution systems .
Law enforcement expanded , and so did corruption .
Illicit money in vast quantities always breeds corruption .
The illegal drug business boils down to a retail industry .
There are suppliers and wholesalers , but in the end the money comes from the individual users .
Therefore , if your local gendarmes tell you there are a lot of drugs in the area , but they ca n’t find them , you need to ask this question :
How is it the customers can find them , but you can ’t ?
You need to look closely at drug arrests .
If they are all street sellers , then you ’ve got a problem .
Chances are , the suppliers are paying somebody off .
Never underestimate the power of money to corrupt , especially when it ’s untraceable and tax - free .
Like the earlier gangs in Prohibition days , drug gangs ca n’t go to court to settle disputes , so you have killings .
As long as one drug dealer is killing only another drug dealer , the cops should n’t even bother to investigate .
A lot of today ’s criminals , however , ca n’t shoot straight and often hit innocent people .
Those criminals should be caught and executed .
The real answer lies in one of two alternatives .
Alternative one is to crack down hard and levy severe penalties on users .
The present policy of giving users a slap on the wrist , especially if they are celebrities , just creates a market .
No amount of law enforcement will keep drugs out of the hands of eager customers with money .
For one thing , drugs like marijuana , cocaine and heroin are dirt - cheap to produce .
Drugs flow to the market .
Eliminate the market and the drug flow will cease .
Frankly , if I were a cop in Colombia , I ’d be darned if I would risk my life to stop drugs when I can see celebrity drug users in the U.S. going free with a smirky smile .
The second alternative is to legalize and regulate drugs .
These drugs are so cheap to produce that they can be sold legitimately at a far lower price than illegal drugs .
The whole illegal - drug business would go bust .
If addicts could buy their drugs at a reasonable price from a noncriminal enterprise , then you would eliminate the necessity of addicts having to commit crimes to feed their habit .
You could also provide education and treatment in a noncriminalized environment .
You would eliminate a lot of corruption , and you could greatly reduce the prison population .
To continue as we are is to fulfill the definition of insanity and chronic stupidity by repeating the same acts that result in the same repeated failures .
Charley Reese [ send him mail ] has been a journalist for 49 years .
The Best of Charley Reese
WQXR , the sleepy classical radio station owned by the New York Times , likes to avoid upsetting listeners with anything remotely controversial – and that has a prominent Jewish group crying foul .
The Manhattan - based American Jewish Committee , founded in 1906 to help “ safeguard and strengthen Jews and Jewish life worldwide , ” says station brass unfairly killed a paid 60 - second commentary about bombings carried out against Israel by the militant Palestinian Islamic movement Hamas .
“ It ’s unbelievable .
At the end of the day , WQXR listeners are interested in Israel , ” AJC spokesman Michael Geller told Page Six .
In the ad , AJC Executive Director David Harris says : “ Imagine you had 15 seconds to find shelter from an incoming missile .
Fifteen seconds to locate your children , help an elderly relative , assist a disabled person to find shelter .
That ’s all the residents of Sderot and neighboring Israeli towns have .
Day or night , the sirens go on .
Fifteen seconds later , the missiles , fired from Hamas - controlled Gaza , hit . . .
Their aim is to kill and wound and demoralize . . .
This is what Israelis experience daily . ”
In a letter to the AJC , WQXR general manager Tom Bartunek said parts of the spot were “ outside our bounds of acceptability .
First , the opening line . . . does not make clear that the potential target of the missile is not our listening area , and as a consequence , runs the risk of raising anxiety in a misleading way .
Second , the description of the missiles as arriving ‘ day or night ’ and ‘ daily ’ is also subject to challenge as being misleading , at least to the degree that reasonable people might be troubled by the absence of any acknowledgment of reciprocal Israeli military actions . ”
Geller said Bartunek told the AJC the “ general tone ” did n’t meet WQXR guidelines for “ decorum , ” and the station also bans ads for “ hemorrhoid cream or sexual potency pills . ”
CBS Radio had no problem with the same spot , which it aired nationally on newsman Charles Osgood ‘s “ The Osgood File . ”
“ We are finished with QXR .
We ’ve canceled our contract , ” Geller told us .
“ It ’s a shame , but we ca n’t allow ourselves to be edited on a whim . ”
In the past , some media critics have accused the Times of having a pro-Palestinian slant .
Times flack Catherine Mathis told us the paper “ had no role in determining whether to run this ad . ”
She noted WQXR had run eight other AJC spots read by Harris over the past 12 weeks .
The Sustainable , Rechargable Electric Car : Japan Takes Up the Challenge
July 9th , 2008 by Carol Gulyas
We all love the idea of electric vehicles ( EVs ) rolling quietly down the road , emitting nothing .
But our passion cools when we ask : where does that electricity come from and why ca n’t it come from renewable sources ?
Japan , the island nation that likes to think ahead about energy and water conservation , is researching the infrastructure needed to achieve wide use of EVs .
Mitsubishi and the Tokyo Institute of Technology are collaborating on developing charging stations powered by solar and wind .
Mitsubishi will be using its incredibly appealing i-MiEV car in the infrastructure research project , which will tackle questions such as :
How to recharge during non-peak times , such as at night , so there is less impact on the environment
How to store off - peak energy so that it can be used to recharge EVs later
How to store energy from wind so that it is available when needed , and how to communicate that availability at a charging station .
How EVs will be used by actual drivers and how they might recharge them in solar - powered homes .
Field testing will include a concept home with solar PV panels and a charging post , from which the EV will be driven back and forth to the campus .
A solar thermal dish using a Stirling engine will be used to generate power .
Remote wind towers will be linked into the system as well .
Field testing started July 1 and will continue through March 31 , 2010 , under the auspices of the Advanced Energy Management ( AEM ) project promoted by the Integrated Research Institute of the Tokyo Institute of Technology .
( Note to American car - makers : the Japanese are about to clean your clock again . )
Image Credit : TechOn , which also has good background on the story .
Related Posts :
Volkswagen to Produce Plug - in Hybrid Electric Cars in 2010
Coal - Power Ca n’t Stop Plug - in Hybrids from Beating Normal Cars
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Frustration
In many parts of the world a certain frustration is growing with the democratic processes that should govern the lives of us - the people .
Time and time again it appears as if “ those in power ” are not listening to what we desire any more and instead follow whatever is proposed by industry lobbyists and other special interest groups .
Laws and regulations are passed , which are completely at odds with what most of the people actually want .
For the most part , this is just a vague feeling that permeates people 's lives .
In other cases there are specific examples , but which often only a small group of people is even aware of .
Examples
Here is what we have been treated to lately :
Draconian laws requiring uninterrupted monitoring of all subscribers '
Internet traffic , demanding storage of connection information by ISPs , making it illegal to use DRM - circumventing technologies ( for example Europe and Brazil ) .
Purportedly to fight “ terrorism ” and “ copyright violations ” , which apparently are seen on almost the same level these days .
Advisors with inherent conflict of interest suggesting data protection and surveillance strategies to governments .
Ultra -strict copyright laws like the so - called Canadian DMCA .
Google being forced to hand over YouTube log files to Viacom and thereby compromising millions of users ' privacy for no reason at all .
Microsoft using under - handed tactics to force the inferior OOXML “ standard ” through the ISO fast track process .
Implementation of RFID chips and storage of biometric information in passports , proposed as law by board members of the same companies making these chips .
None of these measures do anything to prevent crime , or protect us from threats and keep us safe .
None of these laws even benefit us in any way .
In fact , they are “ anti-features ” if you will , put in place to the clear detriment of the public .
But yet , here they are .
Why is this all happening ?
Why can the interests of a few companies overrule the interests of the masses ?
Why is there money to lobby for laws that benefit a few , but no money to fight for the freedom and rights of us all ?
Economics can tell us why ...
The answer is simple .
The few – in this case the media companies , or companies producing faulty - by - design technologies such as DRM , biometric passports , voting machines or other self - serving but dangerous products – individually benefit much more than the average member of the masses is economically harmed .
And since the masses tend to be ( dare I say it ? ) by and large uneducated and clueless about the risks of these laws and processes , they will not care .
People in general only start to complain about something if it affects their own financial situation .
Well , the individual member of the masses is economically harmed in this case , but just not enough to wake them up from their slumber .
For example , forcing ISPs to retain all this connection information inevitably means that the ISPs have to charge their customers more in order to acquire the necessary equipment .
A large ISP with a few thousand customers might have to charge each of them maybe a few cents per month more ?
Maybe a dollar ?
So , the actual economic incentive for the masses to protest against such actions is negligible .
And besides , the item has n't appeared on the subscriber 's bill yet , and wo n't appear there until long after the law is passed .
As a result nobody cares .
In the meantime , the vendor who makes network monitoring equipment knows that they can sell a few million dollars worth of gear to ISPs .
They benefit quite nicely and will lobby hard for such laws .
A few win while everyone else loses
We can see the significant economic incentive for the few and the comparatively small economic damage to the individuals of the masses , even though the “ masses ” as a whole pay the entire bill .
There are just too many members on the “ masses ” side of the equation by which the cost is divided , making the economic damage to the individual small .
Thus , most people do n't care and can't be bothered .
The loss in freedom and rights is much less tangible and not really noticed by most people until it is much too late anyway .
And that is how special interest groups always end up winning :
If they can get some hair - brained scheme passed as law then each of them is set to benefit greatly .
Consequently , they are highly motivated to do whatever it takes to get the law through .
The average member of the masses on the other hand does n't know about these developments , does n't care or realise the threat this poses to their freedom , is n't aware of the ongoing erosion of their rights , and is not substantially affected in a material way .
Consequently , nobody goes on the barricades while back - room deals are done and nifty lobbying takes away their rights .
A solution ?
What can be done against this ?
Short term , probably nothing any more .
Note that this has been going on for a long time already , and that these lobbying efforts are not limited to laws and processes about new technology .
It 's a well established system , if you will .
In the long term , though , the only chance for a democracy to protect itself from the vested interests of the few is education .
People need to learn to value their rights and freedoms the same way they value the money in their pocket .
As it stands , the masses are happy to be entertained by Big Brother , to buy into the latest DRM - infested fad from proprietary vendors , to continue to vote for political parties that have long sold out to lobby groups , to think that privacy invading tactics are ok , because they have “ nothing to hide ” , etc .
As long as the masses are kept fat and happy and content , nothing will change .
Education is the key .
If people would know their history , they would know that even in the old Rome already the emperors knew that “ Bread and Games ” was the key to a docile public .
Let 's not be a docile public , let 's look through the warm , fuzzy muck of media entertainment and advertisement for unnecessary consumer goods that dulls our senses and clouds our minds .
Let 's realize that the democratic rights and liberties we take for granted are no such thing :
At some point they had to be fought for .
We do n't need a revolution , we just need to learn , watch and listen , and let our leaders know that we will vote for what 's right , not for what 's convenient .
We need to let them know that we are watching and expect them to work for us , not against us .
But what am I asking for here ?
The masses of people actually caring ?
Having well - informed opinions ?
Learning ?
Sigh ...
Does that look like a hopeless cause to you as well ?
Other related posts :
Although authorities have yet to prove a direct link between the deaths and the activities of the medical staff , Poland 's health minister , Ewa Kopacz , has said that the doctors and nurses involved should not return to their profession .
In Mesa , Ariz. , officials are trying to decide what to do about boarded - up McMansions that become party pads , trashed in raucous " raves " where invitations come by text message .
In Atlanta , thieving from abandoned properties is so bad that police caught one man building a new house entirely of pilfered materials from empty homes .
Flint , Mich. , has had to add firefighters and ladder trucks recently even though its population has declined .
Up to 90 percent of fires start in homes where no one lives .
From Atlanta 's urban core to leafy neighborhoods filled with chirping crickets in Charlotte , N.C. , some 2.2 million homes are expected to go through foreclosure – and stand empty – by the time the mortgage meltdown ends , according to Global Insight , an economic research firm .
As the housing dominoes fall far from Wall Street , growing urban " ghost towns " of vacant houses are resulting in a costly crush of weeds , trash , and dereliction on a scale unseen in American cities since the Great Depression , economists say .
As a $ 4 billion package to help municipalities deal with foreclosure - related blight hangs fire in the US Senate , US mayors met last weekend in Miami to vent about the scourge of abandoned homes .
Cash - strapped cities are now scrambling – often using on - the - fly ingenuity – to rescue neighborhoods suddenly vulnerable to crime and stunned by millions of dollars in lost equity wrought by loose credit , opportunistic speculators , and predatory lending .
" Economists and folks from the lending industry will talk about it as a market correction , which does n't adequately describe it , " says Joseph Schilling , an urban affairs professor at Virginia Tech 's Metropolitan Institute in Blacksburg .
" This is n't just blight in the urban core ; it 's blight and abandonment in new suburban communities , and that 's just never happened before . "
In some Sun Belt cities like Orlando , Fla. , and Charlotte , officials have tripled or quadrupled the number of liens they 've placed on vacant homes in the past year , hoping to recoup at some point the money cities are spending to try to keep the properties from going to ruin .
In California and Arizona , neighborhoods of half - million - dollar homes stand nearly empty , with some lonely residents using their former neighbors ' yards as driving ranges .
Meanwhile , long foreclosure lag times and uncooperative note - holders mean swimming pools go green , rain gutters fall off , weeds grow high , and ne'er - do - wells move in .
Some 44.5 million homes in the US now stand next to an empty house , resulting in a drop of at least $ 5,000 in property value per house .
By that calculation , a total loss of home value of $ 220 billion across the US can be attributed to the vacancy problem .
" This is a man - made disaster that 's had more dramatic impacts on real estate markets than natural disasters [ have ] , " says Bruce Katz , a housing analyst at the Brookings Institution , a think tank in Washington .
" In a way , we have a lot of mini-Katrinas across the country . "
Banks and other mortgage lenders acknowledge they 've been overwhelmed by the sheer number of foreclosures , finding themselves ill - equipped to be long - term landlords of so many properties .
But they say the problem is complex , and that a long foreclosure process and the fact that people walk away before trying to work with lenders to rescue their mortgages also play into the dereliction of many neighborhoods .
Last year , mortgage lenders helped 889,000 families avoid foreclosure and stay in their homes , according to the Mortgage Bankers Association website .
" You can guarantee that none of our members wants to be a landlord , " says John Mecham , a spokesman for the Mortgage Bankers Association in Washington .
" Of course , we can also see where local officials are coming from – abandoned and distressed properties are not only a blight , but they drive down property values for entire neighborhoods . "
On Drummond Street
One such place is Drummond Street , in the shadow of Clark Atlanta University .
On what was once a lively street , half the bungalows and shotgun - style houses are boarded up , with trash strewn about .
Here , as elsewhere , the falling market has pierced holes in inflated appraisals used to write mortgage notes .
Bobby Todd , who has lived here 35 years , now sweeps sidewalks and trims hedges around the empty homes next to his .
The mostly young , college - educated speculators bought new pickup trucks with money that he says should have gone into fixing up the houses – and then left when the market tanked .
Mr. Todd himself is out nearly $ 7,000 in carpentry work he did on the homes .
" They thought they could come make a profit , but they did n't and they just left it , " he says .
" I 'm an old man , and now I 'm working for free . "
Farther down Drummond Street , a vagrant moved a bed , a bureau , and other furniture into a boarded - up bungalow , and eventually started a fire that nearly burned the house down , say Joe Strotter and Bernice Roberts , owners and managers of the property .
They 've now found a tenant but are waiting until move - in day to replace stolen appliances .
" People watch , and when they see a house stand empty for a while , they either empty it out or move in , " says Mr. Strotter .
Boarded - up homes are an expensive problem for Atlanta , which has already posted " no trespass " signs at as many homes this year as in all of last year .
Vandals break in and pilfer copper wire and kitchen fixtures .
Then vice moves in , including prostitution and drug dealing .
In Charlotte , the overall crime rate has remained flat , but crime in several new but mostly empty suburban areas rose by 33 percent from 2003 to 2006 .
In one Atlanta neighborhood , speculators who can't sell homes they 'd hoped to " flip " pay homeless men to stay in the dwellings to watch over them .
With 11 code enforcers laid off because of budget cuts , Atlanta police are working overtime to patrol blighted streets .
" The responsibility is falling more heavily on our shoulders , " says Atlanta Police Maj. Joseph Dallas .
That has mayors like Jerry Abramson of Louisville , Ky. , worried – and a bit mad .
Mayor Abramson calculated that his crews , in one month , spent $ 102,000 to mow lawns , fix gutters , and empty green pools at foreclosed properties .
But even after putting a lien on a property – which should be paid out when the place finally sells – cities seldom collect on those debts .
Abramson picked up the phone and called lending executives at Wells Fargo and Countrywide himself to , only half - jokingly , demand repayment .
" All of a sudden what dawned on me was that taxpayers were protecting the assets of banks and mortgage companies , " Abramson says in a phone interview .
How cities are coping
Local ingenuity is offering some hope , says Jim Brooks of the National League of Cities ( NLC ) in Washington .
In Trenton , N.J. , city officials asked priests , imams , and rabbis to make congregations aware of new public and private efforts to help people stay in their homes rather than letting them slide into foreclosure .
In Flint , Mich. , a new land - banking program allowed the city and county to leverage $ 2 million worth of investments into $ 35 million worth of renovations on derelict foreclosed homes – an innovation other cities may replicate .
Wilmington , Del. , has started ticketing property owners quickly for code violations , instead of using the traditional code - enforcement ritual that can take months to complete .
And Pembroke Pines , Fla. , is weighing whether to assume mortgages on delinquent homes occupied by renters , so the home wo n't end up standing empty .
In Washington last week , the Senate cleared the way for a mortgage - relief bill that includes $ 4 billion to help cities buy and refurbish foreclosed properties .
The White House , however , has threatened to veto the bill over that provision , saying it's an expensive earmark that will primarily benefit the very lenders who loaned money rashly .
The debate is expected go to into July , but experts agree that Washington will play a major role in how cities deal with growing inventories of dark - windowed homes .
" It 's fair to say there 's a window of opportunity here , with the force of local grass - roots efforts coming from the bottom up and some assistance from Congress and states coming from top down , " says Mr. Brooks at the NLC .
" That 's the policy you 'd want , and when they meet , good things happen .
We need them to meet now . "
Bush administration officials reassured Israel ’s defense minister this week that the United States has not abandoned all possibility of a military attack on Iran , despite widespread Israeli concern that Washington has begun softening its position toward Tehran .
In meetings Monday and Tuesday , administration officials told Defense Minister Ehud Barak that the option of attacking Iran over its nuclear program remains on the table , though U.S. officials are primarily seeking a diplomatic solution .
At the same time , U.S. officials acknowledged that there is a rare divergence in the U.S. and Israeli approaches , with Israelis emphasizing the possibility of a military response out of concern that Tehran may soon have the know - how for building a nuclear bomb .
“ Is there a difference of emphasis ?
It certainly looks as though there is , ” said a senior American Defense official , speaking on condition of anonymity when discussing the sensitive talks .
Advertisement
U.S. and Israeli officials believe Iran is enriching uranium with the aim of building nuclear weapons .
Tehran says that it is engaged in a peaceful enrichment program for civilian energy purposes .
Pentagon Press Secretary Geoff Morrell said in an interview that U.S. officials have often made it clear to Israeli officials that Washington prefers to try to mitigate the threat from Tehran by applying economic pressure .
“ The military option , although always available , is not our preferred route , ” Morrell said .
Advertisement
“ We have made that point clear to them and the world in our public statements and private meetings . ”
Barak left Israel for Washington amid reports in the Israeli press that he would try to talk the Bush administration out of what many Israelis perceive as a more conciliatory policy toward Iran .
On Tuesday , the Israeli Defense Ministry released a statement saying that Barak had told Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates that “ a policy that consists of keeping all options on the table must be maintained . ”
Speaking to reporters in Washington , Barak said that there remains time for “ accelerated sanctions ” to try to persuade Iran to abandon the nuclear program .
Advertisement
Israeli officials were concerned in December when a key U.S. intelligence report concluded that Iran had abandoned an effort to build a nuclear bomb .
They also have noted with concern comments this month by Navy Adm .
Michael G. Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , that an Israeli airstrike on Iran would further destabilize the Middle East and compound the strain on overworked U.S. forces .
Also this month , in a rare move toward engagement with Tehran , a senior U.S. diplomat took part in international talks in Geneva about the nuclear program .
And U.S. officials have floated a proposal for opening a low - level diplomatic office in Tehran .
These gestures have taken place at a time of intensifying discussion in Israel about the wisdom of an Israeli military attack on Iran before the Bush administration leaves office .
Advertisement
A senior State Department official said Tuesday that Israel “ is a sovereign state and we understand that they view this as an existential threat .
And we take the threat that ’s posed by Iran seriously as well . ”
But the official , who asked to remain unidentified in keeping with diplomatic rules , said the administration is “ pursuing the strategy we believe is the right one . ”
Gates , in an hourlong meeting with Barak , told the minister that the United States intends to consider providing radar to Israel that can detect ballistic missiles launched from Iran and supplying weapons to counter rocket attacks from Lebanon and the Gaza Strip , according to a senior Defense official .
--
Advertisement
paul.richter@latimes.com
julian.barnes@latimes.com
ToucanTech is a sophisticated cloud - based software solution specially developed to manage and grow alumni communities .
Designed for schools , universities , and companies of all sizes , ToucanTech gives organizations the power to manage all alumni and / or community relations in one complete , centralized platform .
Synced with social media and integrated with customer management relationship ( CRM ) and other features such as mentoring , fundraising , news , events , and more , ToucanTouch enables you to save time and money with its stellar system that seamlessly manages data and tasks across multiple applications .
Meryl Streep Slams Young Hollywood Moms
Actressis disgusted with young Hollywood moms and the choices they are making when it comes to their newborn babies .
Streep , who has four children of her own , cannot believe that the stars are selling their babies first pictures to the highest bidder .
Although some give the money to charity she still thinks it 's wrong .
" One thing I learned very early on is that when you 're famous , you lose your right to privacy .
If you promote your children , have them photographed , then they lose their rights .
But , if you do not have them photographed and ( do not ) sell them to OK !
Magazine , they have the right to .... privacy and citizenship .
They ( paparazzi ) can follow me ; take a picture , whatever they want to do .
My kids , no . "
Streep raises a good point but it is obvious that actors , being the vain people they are , enjoy showing off their offspring , just like the rest of us do .
Very few protect their progeny by shielding them from the press .
Most parade them around for the world to see - and we love it !
Photo : WENN
A man attending a McCain event as a registered member of the press was kicked out of the Des Moines town hall meeting for asking a question that working press should have asked him weeks ago :
Did you call your wife a " cunt " ?
The headline , below , is typical of the kid glove treatment McCain gets from the media .
McCain did n't " field the question " he kicked a member of the press out of his Potemkin Village town hall meeting for asking a question :
McCain fields audience question on whether he called wife an expletive REGISTER STAFF • May 1 , 2008 A Clive man drew gasps from fellow audience members at today ’s presidential candidate forum by using a four - letter word in a question to Sen.
John McCain .
A member of the audience , identified as Marty Parrish of Clive , asked McCain during the event at the Polk County Convention Complex about a rumor that McCain had once used a profane word referencing female genitalia to describe his wife .
A book , “ The Real McCain ” by Cliff Schecter , accuses McCain of using the word in an exchange with his wife , Cindy , in 1992 .
Here ’s a transcript of today ’s remarks : PARRISH : This question goes to mental health and mental health care .
Previously , I ’ve been married to a woman that was verbally abusive to me .
Is it true that you called your wife a ( expletive ) ?
MCCAIN : Now , now .
You do n’t want to … Um , you know that ’s the great thing about town hall meetings , sir , but we really do n’t , there ’s people here who do n’t respect that kind of language .
So I ’ll move on to the next questioner in the back .
The audience gasped at the question and applauded at McCain ’s handling of it .
Parrish was escorted from the event and questioned by Secret Service , but not charged .
Parrish had checked in to the event as a member of the press .
Parrish , a 45 - year - old Baptist minister and technology business owner , said he attended the event specifically to confront McCain about the rumor .
“ This is about character , ” Parrish said , when reached by telephone afterward .
“ And in a moment of intemperance , he called his wife the most despicable name a person can call a woman .
Notice McCain did n't have the guts to answer the question .
The word " no " is not , last I checked , considered profane , even in Des Moines .
It 's not like the McCain campaign has a policy of not responding to the cunt allegation .
McCain had his spokeswoman accuse Schecter of fabrication in the New York Daily News when the Schecter 's book came out :
McCain spokeswoman Jill Hazelbaker brands the book " trash journalism " and tells us , " The story is completely fabricated . " [ NYDN ]
McCain was implicitly warning the rest of the media not to ask him questions that make him mad .
Takes a big man to send out your spokesman to defame an author and kick a preacher / citizen journalist out of your town hall meeting .
McCain is a petty little coward whose toadies are crying " ambush " for a question about an allegation that was published over three weeks ago , addressed by a campaign spokeswoman , and discussed extensively in the media and online .
This is exactly the kind of bullying that lends further credence to Cliff Schecter 's account and the many other examples of McCain 's peevishness , intimidation , and rage that Schecter chronicles in his book , The Real McCain .
Also , why does John McCain is hate the use / mention distinction ?
HT : Eric .
Update : Watch the video .
EPISODE SYNOPSIS :
When you have a DNA mixer , only imagination is your limit .
Last month , the prominent Malaysian ISP " Shinjiru " had shut down several torrent sites , following pressure from the government .
Strangely enough , after a few days of downtime some of the sites started to reappear , like nothing had happened .
However , those sites who did not leave , are now being tapped .
Just when things seemed to cool down in Malaysia , we received a rather disturbing email from one of the sysops of tbkresources.org .
The sysop told us that , after a few days of downtime , the server was suddenly up again .
“ After further inquiries with Shinjiru ’s billing and abuse department we were assured that “ the coast was clear , ” he said .
This turned out to be a false sense of security though , as the sysop explained .
“ Two days ago we discovered that an external disk was suddenly mounted on our box ( in a quite clumsy way , I might add ) 24/7 support did n’t know shit about it , until 2 hours ago when a senior admin confirmed that this disk was attached by their legal department and out of their hands . ”
The sysop discovered that there was something wrong , because the server load was extremely high .
At first , the support department could n’t really figure out what was wrong , but after a few messages back and forth , they got this worrying explanation .
Hi , After investigation on your server , we found that your server is involve with an abuse case on copyright / torrent .
Your server was accessed by our local legal party for investigation .
This is a sudden action by them , and we not informed earlier .
Due to legal party we have no choice but to comply .
Kindly contact to our abuse department for further information .
Thank you .
Paul C .
Level 2 Support
So , it turns out that – without notification – Shinjiru started to copy data from the BitTorrent tracker for investigation , whatever that may be .
It is unsure at this point whether the ISP will hand over the data to authorities , and whether they are doing it with other trackers , but it ’s not looking good .
“ This is important to get out as they are most probably doing this to every site they know about , and users are being recorded , ” the sysop said .
“ We have destroyed the data on their USB connected disk , destroyed our site backups on it and truncated and deleted all tables , to ensure the protection of our users .
As I have stated it was done with out warning nor consent . ”
It looks like Shinjiru might have been pressured by the Malaysian government again .
However , even then it is still a strange move to copy data from one of their clients , without notice .
The sites that are still hosted there need to be aware of this , and take appropriate action .
To be continued .
update : Shinjiru confirmed to TorrentFreak that there was indeed an external drive connected to the server , and that “ authority on copyright infringement ” attempted to copy the data .
One of the UK 's biggest energy suppliers came under fire yesterday after one of its senior executives said consumers struggling with record - high gas prices should keep warm by putting on two jumpers .
Charities for the aged and consumer groups reacted angrily at the comments made by Jake Ulrich , the managing director of Centrica , which owns British Gas .
Mr Ulrich made his comments after a report commissioned by his firm warned that household gas bills could rise by 66 per cent over the next two years .
That could see some families receiving a £ 1,000 bill for their gas alone .
British Gas customers have already seen a 15 per cent rise in their gas bill this year , adding an average of £ 130 to their bills .
There were protests from the firm 's customers in February , after Centrica posted increased profits of £ 571 m for 2007 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Ulrich said : " I think people will change the temperature they keep the house .
I hate to go back to the Jimmy Carter days in the US , but maybe it's two jumpers instead of one . "
Gordon Lishman , director general of Age Concern , said : " The millions of pensioners affected by fuel poverty will need much more than an extra jumper to stay warm and well this winter .
It is unacceptable that older people could be putting their health at risk because they do n't feel they can afford to heat their home adequately .
Far more radical action is needed from both the Government and energy companies if the poorest and most vulnerable pensioners are to be protected . "
He also urged the Government to introduce emergency measures , such as a fuel voucher scheme , to make sure the nation 's poorest pensioners could survive the winter ahead .
Graham Kerr , from the energy industry consumer group Energywatch , said the " inappropriate throwaway lines " from British Gas showed they had lost touch with their customers .
He said : " British Gas customers such as pensioners and others who are on low or fixed incomes are unlikely to see the funny side of suggestions from Centrica that they should put on another jumper to protect themselves against energy price hikes .
" The remarks demonstrate how out of touch they are with the daily struggle for their vulnerable customers to keep warm .
British Gas and Centrica claim to take fuel poverty seriously , comments like this do n't help anyone . "
Mr Ulrich told The Independent last night that he , " certainly did n't mean to cause any offence " in making the comments .
" My comments were intended to reflect that people are already thinking about energy efficiency as a way of offsetting increasing energy prices .
Upon reflection , I appreciate how they might have been misconstrued and regret any offence caused . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Mr Ulrich also claimed that high oil prices and falling UK production meant that cheap energy was a thing of the past .
A barrel of oil hit a record price of $ 147 this month , but has since fallen back to $ 133 a barrel .
Energywatch accused the company of making an " artificial and toxic link " between its high gas prices and oil .
It is not the first time that a call to put on extra layers to combat the cold has caused outrage .
The former Conservative MP Edwina Currie landed herself in trouble when sheadvised the elderly to guard against hypothermia by wearing " woolly hats and long johns " .
The energy supplier Npower caused a similar row in 2006 .
After increasing energy prices three times that year , it suggested that children should be kept warm with woolly hats and hot water bottles .
Looking good in layers
Guga Filho , a personal shopper at Selfridges in London , said Britons did not always manage to pull off a multi- layered look with style .
" It 's not a matter of just putting two things on top of each other , " he said .
For women , wearing a three - quarter sleeved jacket with a long sleeved T - shirt was also a traditional no -no .
But anyone expecting to turn down the heating this winter will be pleased to know that the look is now in vogue .
But chunky jumpers should never be worn together .
As for men , the fashion pundit Iain R Webb said that adding extra clothes could be " intensely stylish " when done correctly .
He said : " A fine cashmere crew - neck top , which are available on the high street , can be layered with a cardigan or knitted jacket .
" In fact , Bill Gibb , a designer from the 1970s , based his trademark style around wearing four or five layers of different knitted pieces . "
Betrayed : Daughter who devoted her life to parents sees £ 2.3 m inheritance left ... to the RSPCA
For 30 years , Christine Gill devoted her life to caring for her parents and helping them run the family farm .
She became a university lecturer so she could help out during the busy summer months , spent nearly all her spare time at the farm and even lived in a caravan nearby so she could be with her mother , who could never be left alone .
Dr Gill willingly made the sacrifices on the ‘ clear and unequivocal ’ understanding that she would eventually inherit the 287 - acre farm .
Shocked : Christine Gill with her 11 - year - old son Christopher
But a court heard yesterday that following her widowed mother ’s death at 82 in 2006 , Dr Gill discovered to her ‘ immense shock ’ that the entire £ 2.34 million estate had been left to the RSPCA .
‘ It was as if her soul had been ripped out of her , ’ said her lawyer , Tracey Angus .
Yesterday Dr Gill , 58 , began her High Court battle to challenge her mother ’s will and claim the inheritance .
Miss Angus said Dr Gill was repeatedly assured by her parents that she would one day get the farm .
Even when she discussed working part - time , her mother Joyce told her she ‘ did n’t need to worry about money . ’
It was claimed Mrs Gill would not have understood what she was doing when she made the will in 1992 and would have felt ‘ coerced ’ by her husband into signing it .
' Domineering ' : John Gill with his daughter Christine at her wedding in 1986
Miss Angus said it was a ‘ very close family ’ and there were ‘ no significant rifts or alterations in behaviour ’ to explain the decision to cut out Dr Gill .
Her father John , who died in 1999 aged 82 , was described as a ‘ rather stubborn person ’ who behaved in a ‘ domineering ’ manner , particularly towards his wife .
His wife was described as ‘ unusual ’ and suffered from conditions and phobias which were never diagnosed during her lifetime .
' Social phobia ' : Christine 's mother Joyce Gill
She had a ‘ social phobia ’ which meant she could n’t talk to strangers unless she was with someone she knew , and was frightened of open spaces .
Mrs Gill could n’t be left in the house alone and often spent the day in the car , which was covered by a tarpaulin , while her husband worked in the fields .
She would n’t speak to anyone she did n’t know over the phone .
Mr Gill was forced to ‘ entertain his friends and business associates ’ in his car rather than allow anyone into the house .
Mrs Gill also had an obsessive compulsive disorder and would wear rubber gloves and take her own cup and saucer if she went out anywhere .
Because of her problems she relied on her husband to make decisions for her and would have ‘ deferred ’ to him in the making of the will , it was alleged .
The court heard that after training to be an architect Dr Gill became a lecturer in statistics at Leeds University instead .
The job was relatively poorly paid and came with few promotion prospects but it gave her more time to help her parents .
Although she bought a flat in Leeds , she did many hours of unpaid labour at the farm and sat with her mother while her father got on with his work .
Miss Angus said : ‘ She selected and arranged her career and her work to suit the demands of the farm .
' She would n’t have done this had she been told she was not going to inherit . ’
The pattern continued after she married university lecturer Andrew Baczkowski in 1986 .
Estate : The Potto Carr Farm which was left to the RSPCA
The couple bought a dilapidated neighbouring farmhouse and six acres of land for £ 33,000 .
For seven years they lived in a caravan while the farmhouse was renovated .
Dr Gill ’s parents put £ 13,000 towards the purchase but that was allegedly the only financial help they ever gave her .
White House Farm is now worth around £ 560,000 .
Over a 20 - year period Dr Gill allegedly spent just 32 nights away from home because of the demands of caring for her parents .
Husband Andrew also did thousands of hours of unpaid farmwork .
Mr and Mrs Gill had bought Potto Carr Farm for £ 87,000 in 1975 and ran it themselves until 1997 when they contracted another farmer to run the arable farm .
The court heard that Dr Gill took over the administrative work when Mr Gill died .
After giving birth to her only son Christopher , now 11 , she returned to work part - time – making a £ 246,000 sacrifice in lost earnings as a result .
Elspeth Talbot - Rice QC , for the RSPCA , said Mrs Gill had been mentally capable of making her will .
She said the RSPCA was ‘ extremely grateful ’ when people made bequests in their will and it was ‘ right and appropriate ’ to stand up and back these decisions .
The case continues .
My brain has a set of rules that software project websites get tested against .
Each time a project site fails to comply with a rule , I get ever - so - slightly more annoyed , and ever - so - slightly less likely to use the software in question ( if there are alternatives , this is even maybe not so “ slightly ” ) . Â
I thought I ’d list these rules because I suspect others are like me : we ’re extremely busy , we work too many hours , and are involved with too many projects to spend hours trying to figure out what some piece of code someone mentioned once in IRC actually does . Â
But first , know that this site actually complies with just about every single rule there is , so it ’s a great template to work from if your site needs brushing up . Â
First and foremost , tell me , right away , what this thing does , the problem it solves , and ( at a high level ) the approach taken to solve the problem . Â
Tell me the language it ’s written in .
If it ’s open source , and it ’s written in a language I hack in , * and * it solves a problem I need solved , maybe I can help out , or be encouraged that if something flakes , I can fix it , or at least speak the developer ’s language if I have to describe the issue to the folks upstream .
Â
Tell me what OS is required , and preferably what OS / version is tested with . Â
Give me a full list of dependencies with links to go get them , or give me a link to “ Dependencies ” , or to an install document that lists them . Â
Tell me the current version , and the date it was released .
Beta versions and dates are nice too .
If there is a timed release schedule , tell me that . Â
Keep the information up - to - date .
I should n’t have to wonder if your software is going to work under OS X 10.5 or RHEL 5 , or if your plugin will work under the latest version of Drupal / Django / Moodle / MySQL / Joomla / Firefox …
BONUS : a very simple architectural drawing that shows me exactly what components make up the whole .
The one for CouchDB is as good as any I ’ve ever seen ( assuming it ’s accurate ) . Â
BONUS : if screenshots are applicable , use them .
They communicate a million times more information using a million times less real estate and bandwidth .
They can communicate things you did n’t even know you were communicating .
Of course , that could be good or bad , but it keeps you honest , and customers like that :-) Â
For kicks , here are a few things I see sometimes on project web sites that I wish they * would n ’t* do : Â
Let ’s take a look at the best “ Universal Battery Chargers ” .
These are chargers that can handle AAA , AA , C , D sized cells , and well as 9V cells .
The Best Overall Charger : The Maha Smart Charger
Maha ’s Smart Charger can charge any combination of 1 to 8 batteries .
You can mix and charge AA , AAA , C and D sized cells at the same time on individual charging circuits .
Each battery size also has its own fixed contact charging points ( i.e. not a spring ) .
An LCD display shows charging and conditioning status of each rechargeable battery .
Maha ’s chargers can restore batteries to their optimal performance level by repeatedly charging and discharging them .
It also has intelligent charging technology and overcharge protection .
It is available from Amazon for around $ 40 .
The Most Affordable : The Maximal Power FC999 Universal Rapid Charger
The Maximal Power FC999 Universal Rapid Charger is a versatile and reliable charger .
It has a microprocessor to intelligently monitor and control the charging cycle in each charging port for overcharge and short - circuit protections .
It is capable of charging a wide range of batteries , namely : AA , AAA , C , D , N , 9V , Ni-MH ( Nickel Metal Hydride ) , Ni-CD ( Nickel Cadmium ) , RAM ( Rechargeable Alkaline Manganese ) and even Alkaline ( previously Non-Rechargeable ) .
It ’s available on Amazon for about $ 30
She says she would not do the same today , now that sexual equality and modernity have come even to Albania , with internet dating and MTV invading after the fall of the Berlin Wall .
Girls here do not want to be boys anymore .
With only Keqi and some 40 others remaining , the sworn virgin is dying out .
" Back then it was better to be a man because before a woman and an animal were considered the same thing , " says Keqi , who has a bellowing baritone voice , sits with her legs open wide and relishes shots of raki .
" Now Albanian women have equal rights with men , and are even more powerful .
I think today it would be fun to be a woman . "
The tradition of the sworn virgin can be traced to the kanun of Leke Dukagjini , a code of conduct attributed to a 15th century prince and passed on orally among the clans of northern Albania .
Under the kanun the role of a woman is severely circumscribed : take care of children and maintain the home .
While the life of a woman is worth half that of a man , a virgin 's value is the same : 12 oxen .
The sworn virgin was born of social necessity in an agrarian region plagued by war and death .
If a patriarch died with no male heirs , unmarried women in the family could find themselves alone and powerless .
By taking an oath of virginity , women could take on the role of men as head of the family , carry weapons , own property and move freely .
They dressed like men and spent their lives in the company of men , even though most kept their female given names .
They were not ridiculed but accepted in public life , even adulated .
" Stripping off their sexuality by pledging to remain virgins was a way for these women in a male - dominated , segregated society to engage in public life , " says Linda Gusia , a professor of gender studies at the University of Pristina , Kosovo .
" It was about surviving in a world where men rule . "
Taking an oath to become a virgin should not , sociologists say , be equated with homosexuality , long taboo in rural Albania .
Nor do the women have sex - change operations .
Keqi , known in her household as " the pasha " , says she decided to become the man of the house at the age of 20 .
Her four brothers had opposed the communist rule of Enver Hoxha , who led Albania for 40 years until his death in 1985 , and were either imprisoned or dead .
Becoming a man , she says , was the only way to support her mother , her four sisters - in - law and their five children .
Keqi lorded it over her large family in her modest house in Tirana , where her nieces served her brandy while she barked out orders .
She worked construction jobs and prayed at the mosque with men .
Even today , her nephews and nieces say , they would not dare marry without their " uncle 's " permission .
When she stepped outside the village , she enjoyed being taken for a man .
" I was totally free as a man because no one knew I was a woman , " Keqi says .
" I could go wherever I wanted to and no one would dare swear at me because I could beat them up .
I was only with men .
I do n't know how to do women 's talk .
I am never scared . "
When she was admitted to hospital for an operation , the other woman in her room was horrified to find herself sharing close quarters with someone she assumed was male .
Being the man of the house also made Keqi responsible for avenging her father 's death .
She says when her father 's killer was released from jail five years ago , by then a man of 80 , her 15 - year - old nephew shot him dead .
Then the man 's family took revenge and killed her nephew .
" I always dreamed of avenging my father 's death , " she says .
" Of course I have regrets ; my nephew was killed .
But if you kill me I have to kill you . "
In Albania , a majority Muslim country , the kanun is adhered to by Muslims and Christians .
Cultural historians say the respect for medieval customs long discarded elsewhere was a by - product of isolation .
But they stress that the traditional role of women is changing .
Some sworn virgins bemoan that .
Diana Rakipi , 54 , a security guard in the seaside city of Durres , in the country 's west , who took the oath to take care of her nine sisters , looks back with nostalgia on the Hoxha era .
In communist times she was an army officer , training women as combat soldiers .
Now , she laments , women do not know their place .
" Today women go out half naked to the disco , " she says .
" I was always treated my whole life as a man , always with respect .
I can't clean , I can't iron , I can't cook .
That is a woman 's work . "
But even in the remote mountains of Kruje , about 50 kilometres north of Tirana , residents say the kanun 's influence on gender roles is disappearing .
" Women and men are now almost the same , " says Caca Fiqiri , whose aunt , Qamile Stema , 88 , is the last sworn virgin in his village .
" We respect sworn virgins very much and consider them as men because of their great sacrifice .
But there is no longer a stigma not to have a man of the house . "
Yet there is no doubt who wears the trousers in Stema 's one - room stone house in Barganesh , the family 's ancestral village .
There , " Uncle " Qamile is surrounded by her clan , dressed in a qeleshe , the traditional white cap of an Albanian man .
Her only concession to femininity is a pair of pink sandals .
After becoming a man at the age of 20 , Stema says , she carried a gun .
At wedding parties she sat with the men .
When she talked to women they recoiled in shyness .
Stema says the oath was both a necessity and a sacrifice .
" The truth is I feel lonely sometimes , all my sisters have died , and I live alone .
But I never wanted to marry .
Some in my family tried to get me to change my clothes and wear dresses , but when they saw I had become a man they left me alone . "
Stema says she will die a virgin .
Had she married , she jokes , it would have been to a traditional Albanian woman .
" I guess you could say I was partly a woman and partly a man .
I liked my life as a man .
I have no regrets . "
The New York Times
Report : Abramoff will cooperate in Guam probe RAW STORY
Published : Tuesday July 1 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Corrupt lobbyist Jack Abramoff has agreed to cooperate with a criminal probe in Guam related to secret lobbying work he did on behalf of the island 's superior court , according to a new report .
KUAM News 's Minday Aguonn reports that Abramoff already has provided information about his dealings with court administrator Tony Sanchez , who pleaded not guilty to charges alleging he improperly spent more than $ 300,000 to retain Abramoff and his firm .
Prosecutor Jeff Moots tells KUAM that in the next few weeks , the AG's Office will seek to have the criminal case against Abramoff dismissed without prejudice in return for his cooperation .
Assistant AG Moots said Abramoff has agreed to cooperate and has already provided information relating to the indictment as well as other information to prosecutors .
Abramoff was hired in 2002 by Guam 's superior court to lobby against a bill that would put it under the authority of Guam 's Supreme Court .
The $ 324,000 contract was potentially illegal because Abramoff was paid through an intermediary in Laguna Beach , Calif. , with 36 separate $ 9,000 checks ; that means of payment may have been pursued to avoid reporting requirements .
A former high - profile Republican donor , Abramoff 's name has become synonymous with shady and illegal influence peddling .
He has been convicted of various fraud and corruption charges by federal courts in Washington and Miami and is in prison until 2011 .
The extensive corruption investigation that led to Abramoff 's downfall also ensnared former Congressman Bob Ney and several other Republican lobbyists , congressional aides and White House officials .
LifeLock , one of the companies that offers identity - theft protection in the United States , has been taking quite a beating recently .
They 're being sued by credit bureaus , competitors and lawyers in several states that are launching class action lawsuits .
And the stories in the media ... it 's like a piranha feeding frenzy .
There are also a lot of errors and misconceptions .
With its aggressive advertising campaign and a CEO who publishes his Social Security number and dares people to steal his identity – Todd Davis , 457-55 - 5462 – LifeLock is a company that 's easy to hate .
But the company 's story has some interesting security lessons , and it 's worth understanding in some detail .
In December 2003 , as part of the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act , or Facta ( .pdf ) , credit bureaus were forced to allow you to put a fraud alert on their credit reports , requiring lenders to verify your identity before issuing a credit card in your name .
This alert is temporary , and expires after 90 days .
Several companies have sprung up – LifeLock , Debix , LoudSiren , TrustedID – that automatically renew these alerts and effectively make them permanent .
This service pisses off the credit bureaus and their financial customers .
The reason lenders do n't routinely verify your identity before issuing you credit is that it takes time , costs money and is one more hurdle between you and another credit card .
( Buy , buy , buy – it's the American way . )
So in the eyes of credit bureaus , LifeLock 's customers are inferior goods ; selling their data is n't as valuable .
LifeLock also opts its customers out of pre-approved credit card offers , further making them less valuable in the eyes of credit bureaus .
And , so began a smear campaign on the part of the credit bureaus .
You can read their points of view in this New York Times article , written by a reporter who did n't do much more than regurgitate their talking points .
And the class action lawsuits have piled on , accusing LifeLock of deceptive business practices , fraudulent advertising and so on .
The biggest smear is that LifeLock did n't even protect Todd Davis , and that his identity was allegedly stolen .
It was n't .
Someone in Texas used Davis 's SSN to get a $ 500 advance against his paycheck .
It worked because the loan operation did n't check with any of the credit bureaus before approving the loan – perfectly reasonable for an amount this small .
The payday - loan operation called Davis to collect , and LifeLock cleared up the problem .
His credit report remains spotless .
The Experian credit bureau 's lawsuit basically claims that fraud alerts are only for people who have been victims of identity theft .
This seems spurious ; the text of the law states that anyone " who asserts a good faith suspicion that the consumer has been or is about to become a victim of fraud or related crime " can request a fraud alert .
It seems to me that includes anybody who has ever received one of those notices about their financial details being lost or stolen , which is everybody .
As to deceptive business practices and fraudulent advertising – those just seem like class action lawyers piling on .
LifeLock 's aggressive fear - based marketing does n't seem any worse than a lot of other similar advertising campaigns .
My guess is that the class action lawsuits wo n't go anywhere .
In reality , forcing lenders to verify identity before issuing credit is exactly the sort of thing we need to do to fight identity theft .
Basically , there are two ways to deal with identity theft :
Make personal information harder to steal , and make stolen personal information harder to use .
We all know the former does n't work , so that leaves the latter .
If Congress wanted to solve the problem for real , one of the things it would do is make fraud alerts permanent for everybody .
But the credit industry 's lobbyists would never allow that .
LifeLock does a bunch of other clever things .
They monitor the national address database , and alert you if your address changes .
They look for your credit and debit card numbers on hacker and criminal websites and such , and assist you in getting a new number if they see it .
They have a million - dollar service guarantee – for complicated legal reasons , they can't call it insurance – to help you recover if your identity is ever stolen .
But even with all of this , I am not a LifeLock customer .
At $ 120 a year , it 's just not worth it .
You would n't know it from the press attention , but dealing with identity theft has become easier and more routine .
Sure , it 's a pervasive problem .
The Federal Trade Commission reported that 8.3 million Americans were identity - theft victims in 2005 .
But that includes things like someone stealing your credit card and using it , something that rarely costs you any money and that LifeLock does n't protect against .
New account fraud is much less common , affecting 1.8 million Americans per year , or 0.8 percent of the adult population .
The FTC has n't published detailed numbers for 2006 or 2007 , but the rate seems ( . pdf ) to be declining .
New card fraud is also not very damaging .
The median amount of fraud the thief commits is $ 1,350 , but you 're not liable for that .
Some spectacularly horrible identity - theft stories notwithstanding , the financial industry is pretty good at quickly cleaning up the mess .
The victim 's median out - of - pocket cost for new account fraud is only $ 40 , plus ten hours of grief to clean up the problem .
Even assuming your time is worth $ 100 an hour , LifeLock is n’t worth more than $ 8 a year .
And it 's hard to get any data on how effective LifeLock really is .
They 've been in business three years and have about a million customers , but most of them have joined up in the last year .
They 've paid out on their service guarantee 113 times , but a lot of those were for things that happened before their customers became customers .
( It was easier to pay than argue , I assume . )
But they do n't know how often the fraud alerts actually catch an identity thief in the act .
My guess is that it 's less than the 0.8 percent fraud rate above .
LifeLock 's business model is based more on the fear of identity theft than the actual risk .
It 's pretty ironic of the credit bureaus to attack LifeLock on its marketing practices , since they know all about profiting from the fear of identity theft .
Facta also forced the credit bureaus to give Americans a free credit report once a year upon request .
Through deceptive marketing techniques , they 've turned this requirement into a multimillion - dollar business .
Get LifeLock if you want , or one of its competitors if you prefer .
But remember that you can do most of what these companies do yourself .
You can put a fraud alert on your own account , but you have to remember to renew it every three months .
You can also put a credit freeze on your account , which is more work for the average consumer but more effective if you 're a privacy wonk – and the rules differ by state .
And maybe someday Congress will do the right thing and put LifeLock out of business by forcing lenders to verify identity every time they issue credit in someone 's name .
\—
Bruce Schneier is Chief Security Technology Officer of BT , and author of Beyond Fear : Thinking Sensibly About Security in an Uncertain World .
Threat Level : LifeLock Sued Again
Threat Level : Police Say LifeLock Coerced Unusable Confession from Identity Theft Suspect
Threat Level : LifeLock Founder Resigns Amid Controversy
Threat Level : LifeLock Helps Guard Your ID
Pentagon Official Warns of Israeli Attack on Iran U.S. officials warn that Israel may strike at Iran 's nuclear capability .
WASHINGTON , June 30 , 2008  -- Senior Pentagon officials are concerned that Israel could carry out an attack on Iran 's nuclear facilities before the end of the year , an action that would have enormous security and economic repercussions for the United States and the rest of the world .
A senior defense official told ABC News there is an " increasing likelihood " that Israel will carry out such an attack , a move that likely would prompt Iranian retaliation against , not just Israel , but against the United States as well .
The official identified two " red lines " that could trigger an Israeli offensive .
The first is tied to when Iran 's Natanz nuclear facility produces enough highly enriched uranium to make a nuclear weapon .
According to the latest U.S. and Israeli intelligence assessments , that is likely to happen sometime in 2009 , and could happen by the end of this year .
" The red line is not when they get to that point , but before they get to that point , " the official said .
" We are in the window of vulnerability . "
The second red line is connected to when Iran acquires the SA - 20 air defense system it is buying from Russia .
The Israelis may want to strike before that system -- which would make an attack much more difficult -- is put in place .
Some Pentagon officials also worry that Israel may be determined to attack before a new U.S. president , who may be less supportive , is sworn in next January .
Pentagon officials believe the massive Israeli air force exercise in early June , first reported by the New York Times , was done to prepare for a possible attack .
A senior official called it " not a rehearsal , but basic , fundamental training " required to launch an operation against Iran .
" The Israeli air force has already conducted the basic exercise necessary to tell their senior leadership , ' We have the fundamentals down . '
Might they need some more training and rehearsals ?
Yes .
But have they done the fundamentals ?
I think that is what we saw , " the official told ABC News , adding that if Israel moves closer to military action , he expects to see more exercises like the one conducted in early June .
The chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Adm .
Mike Mullen , was in Israel over the weekend for a series of meetings with senior Israeli military officials , including , Lt. Gen. Gabi Ashkenazi , the chief of staff of the Israeli Defense Forces .
According to a military spokesman , Iran 's nuclear program was " a major topic " of discussion .
The widely held view among Pentagon officials is that an Israeli attack would do only temporary damage to Iran 's nuclear program , and that it would cause major problems in the region and beyond , prompting a wave of attacks on U.S. interests in Iraq , the Persian Gulf and elsewhere .
As another senior defense official put it , " We'd be guilty by association . "
John McCain condemned Mr Obama for giving a political speech in Berlin US presidential hopeful Barack Obama has been criticised by his Republican rival for cancelling a visit to injured US soldiers in Germany this week .
John McCain 's campaign office said Mr Obama 's speeches to cheering Europeans should not have been a substitute for comforting " injured American heroes " .
Mr Obama responded by saying he dropped the visit after the Pentagon warned it might be considered a political event .
But officials later insisted the senator had never been told not to go .
A Pentagon spokesman said Mr Obama had only been told he could not do so if he was accompanied by campaign staff and reporters .
US military personnel and facilities are prohibited from being associated with partisan political campaigns and elections .
' Political cross- fire '
A new campaign advert for Mr McCain criticised his Democratic opponent for being disrespectful by making " time to go to the gym " during his European tour while at the same time cancelling his visit to the Landstuhl Regional Medical Centre on Friday .
If I had been told by the Pentagon that I could n't visit those troops ... there would have been a seismic event
John McCain
" Seems the Pentagon would n't allow him to bring cameras , " the advert claims .
" John McCain is always there for our troops . "
A McCain spokesman , retired Lt Col Joe Repy , claimed that Mr Obama had " badly misjudged the important demands of the office he seeks " .
" Visits with world leaders and speeches to cheering Europeans should n't be a substitute for comforting injured American heroes , " he said .
The Arizona senator told Sunday 's ABC TV's This Week programme : " If I had been told by the Pentagon that I could n't visit those troops , and I was there and wanted to be there , I guarantee you , there would have been a seismic event . "
JUSTIN WEBB'S AMERICA
We Brits forget sometimes that Obama and McCain are competing to become America 's Queen .
As it were ...
Returning to the fray from Europe Before heading home from Europe , Mr Obama said the Pentagon had notified his campaign that the visit to Landstuhl might be viewed as political if he brought along an adviser , retired Maj - Gen Scott Gration .
" That triggered then a concern that maybe our visit was going to be perceived as political , " he told reporters in London .
" And the last thing that I want to do is have injured soldiers and the staff at these institutions having to sort through whether this is political or not and get caught in the cross - fire between campaigns . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Photo : Benjamin Lowy
It ’s a summer Friday night in Union Square .
A short - haired preacher shouts about the perils of using the Lord ’s name in vain .
A high - on - something teenager listens for a moment , then flips off the evangelist with both middle fingers .
The kids standing around them laugh , but only for a second .
There ’s a commotion by the subway kiosk at the southeastern corner of the park .
It appears to be a fight .
Two young men are locked together , their arms on each other ’s shoulders , muscles and tendons bulging .
The man on the left is a twentyish white guy , about six foot two and maybe 220 pounds , with bushy brown hair .
He wears camouflage shorts and a T - shirt that reads I ’M THE GUY YOU SHOULDN ’T GO HOME WITH BUT WILL , SO WHY NOT JUST GO HOME WITH ME NOW ?
He could be a surf punk , except that he ’s too big for that .
The other man — a slightly darker - skinned guy , maybe a little younger — is massive , too , but he ’s got a smooth , red - cheeked face and a layer of baby fat that make him look vulnerable , if not a little scared .
The two men wrestle some more , then separate and start throwing punches .
Surfer
Guy throws a hard right that lands on the other man ’s kidney with a sickening thwack .
A crowd has gathered , but no one tries to stop the fighting .
Instead , people snap pictures with camera phones .
The older man hoists the younger one over his shoulder .
There ’s a millisecond ’s midair pause , then — thump !— both men crash to the concrete .
The crowd lets out a cartoonish “ Ooh ! ”
A friend of the younger man starts screaming .
“ Louyi , roll over him !
Roll over him , and put your fingers in his eyes . ”
Louyi does as he is told .
He wriggles off the ground , grabs hold of the other man ’s T - shirt , and spins on top .
Surfer Guy gasps for air and whimpers .
“ Finish him , ” someone shouts .
Several hundred people are now watching ; they ’ve formed a circle .
Across 14th Street , shoppers fill the windows of the Whole Foods and Filene ’s Basement stores , turning them into luxury boxes .
Louyi does n’t stick his fingers in the other man ’s eyes .
He merely presses his fists into them until Surfer Guy surrenders .
Louyi stands up , flashes a Li’l Jack Horner smile , and pumps his fist .
The crowd is silent , slack - jawed .
Midtown office drones , girls carrying Forever 21 bags , German tourists — no one knows quite what to say .
Now a black man with short dreads walks toward the fighters .
His chest is bursting out of a tight white tank top , and a dog collar hangs around his neck .
He squints at the onlookers with a wild stare .
Everyone gives him a wide berth .
But then he breaks into a childish grin .
He ’s just fucking with people .
“ That ’s Legend , ” a bystander whispers to a man standing next to him .
Legend gives Louyi a benedictory soul shake .
Louyi beams .
Then Legend turns toward the crowd and seeks out another black guy who was filming the first fight .
He ’s wearing long jean shorts and a baseball cap with spikes on it .
“ Science , you ready ? ”
Legend and Science go at it themselves for fifteen minutes , exchanging a series of kicks and punches and an assortment of other cinematic martial - arts moves .
When they ’re done , they bow and embrace .
The crowd claps .
Legend speaks .
“ We ’re the Union Square Spartans , ” he says .
“ Who wants to fight next ? ”
Ever since Chuck Palahniuk published Fight Club in 1996 , rumors have circulated about illegal underground fights held in the basements and boiler rooms of New York and elsewhere , modeled after those in the book and , several years later , the Brad Pitt film of the same name .
The most quoted line from the movie was “ The first rule of fight club is , you do n’t talk about fight club . ”
That ’s not the Spartans .
They fight in public , outdoors , at one of the city ’s busiest crossroads .
They want to be seen .
Where Palahniuk ’s characters were mostly middle - class white guys , the Spartans are mostly black city kids , some of them homeless .
They put their fights on YouTube .
They know many among their growing body of fans take voyeuristic pleasure in watching them fight , and they ’re somehow looking to make money off the whole business , but they are warriors without a business plan .
Legend is leaning against the brass railing that surrounds the George Washington statue .
The neon glow from the Coffee Shop lights up the night behind him .
It ’s been an hour since he and Science fought .
He ’s shirtless and drenched in sweat .
He has his arm around a pixieish white girl whom he calls Strawberry , except when he calls her Snowflake .
Buzzing around Legend is a tiny tough - talking kid throwing kicks in the air .
He looks 12 , but he ’s really 16 .
Everyone calls him Chucky .
The high - on - something preacher - hater reappears .
He introduces himself as Shadow .
He ’s a Spartan , too .
The rest of the happy few go by names like C.J. , Two - King , and Joker .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy
Still , this is clearly Legend ’s show .
He ’s attended by two faithful aides - de - camp : Science and a shy , gangly kid named Spider .
A cheap cigar is hollowed out and filled with pot .
I ask Legend about the Spartans .
“ There ’s always been a caste system , ” he says .
“ There ’s always been the clerics , there ’s always been the scholars , and there ’s always been the warriors . ”
Legend talks in flowery , cryptic terms .
“ Just because you say the color gray does n’t exist does n’t mean it does n’t exist , ” he says .
“ The same thing with the warriors .
We ’re the warriors of now . ”
The Spartans are run by the Triangle .
“ The Triangle is our leadership council , ” Legend says .
“ Me , Spider , and Science are the Triangle . ”
A few days later , I find Legend , Spider , and Science ducking out of the rain in what they call their Bat Cave , a small overhang adjacent to the Virgin Megastore across from Union Square .
Legend grabs my arm .
“ C’mon , we ’re going on a mission . ” I trail the Triangle and Strawberry into the rain .
The mission turns out to be just a quest for slightly better shelter , which we find on a 15th Street construction site across from the Park Bar .
A joint is passed around , and the three men talk about how they met .
Legend says he grew up in Bedford - Stuyvesant , near the Gates housing projects .
“ They called it the ‘ Death Gates ’ because someone was getting murdered there every week , ” he says .
Legend ’s father was a Navy SEAL .
“ When I was 3 or 4 , he started tossing a heavy bag at me , and I had to dodge it .
It was all soft , but it would knock me on my ass , so I had to learn how to move . ”
Legend claims his father taught him martial - arts moves and secret holds he ’d learned in the Navy .
As he got older , he says , his father would be gone for long stretches at a time .
“ You know , on secret missions or supervising projects . ”
“ The Spartans are the fighters , ” says Science , “ but Union Square is all of Sparta .
It was like we had the idea in our heads , and the movie ‘ 300 ’ came out , and we were like , ‘ Aha . ’ ”
Legend is clever and could be inventing his myth as he goes along .
Still , some of his story is demonstrably true .
He says he joined the Crips at 12 .
“ My whole neighborhood is Bloods , but I always do the opposite . ”
He shows me several scars on his arm , then places my hand on a small indentation on his forehead .
“ I went over to a friend ’s house in Bed - Stuy one day to smoke weed and play video games , ” he says .
“ I just opened the door , and two guys started beating me with a baseball bat with a nail on it .
My friend just watched . ”
He says the attack was random .
Legend ’s mother eventually gave up on raising him , he says .
He was farmed out to group homes in the Bronx , where he attended Adlai E. Stevenson High School .
“ Nobody bothered me at Stevo , because I ’d already grown into the face I have , ” he says .
Although Legend looks black , he insists he ’s more than half Native American .
“ By the time I was 17 , I realized I had the Native American stone face .
It can be really intimidating . ”
He spent most of his high - school years cutting class and gang - banging , but talks dreamily about how much he loved learning about war and history , particularly warriors like Geronimo .
While he was working as a bouncer around town , he started visiting underground fight clubs , mostly in Chinatown .
Legend says he would find himself in a basement surrounded by screaming drunks .
Another fighter would enter the circle , and they would battle with no rules until one of them was unconscious .
Legend says he ’d leave the room with concussions , broken ribs , and maybe a couple of hundred dollars .
“ Those places , they only stop the fight if the crowd stops cheering or begins leaving , ” he says .
“ They do n’t really care if you live or die . ”
Legend , who is 23 now , says he has an apartment in Sheepshead Bay , but he spends most of his time in Union Square and often sleeps there .
He drinks some , but his self - medication of choice is pot .
“ Weed is what keeps me right , ” he says .
“ The only time I get nervous and agitated is when I ca n’t get any weed . ”
In fact , Legend has a volatile personality .
At any given moment , he can toggle between wise and childlike , open and guarded , loving and menacing .
Most of Legend ’s friends are mostly girls , he says .
“ Guys are weird .
I do n’t get along with them .
They seem threatened by me .
I ’ll be like , ‘ Hey , I ’m just chilling , doing my thing , you just do your thing . ’
But they always seem to want to put out your light just because your light is stronger . ”
While Legend is talking , Science is drawing medieval fighters in a sketchbook .
He says he grew up on the Lower East Side and has twin sisters who just graduated from college .
“ My dad was just a sperm donor , I did n’t get along with my mom , and I was out of the house when I was 12 , ” he says .
Photo : Benjamin Lowy
Science lived with family and friends through his teens , but he ’s been mostly homeless for the past decade .
“ I ’ve always been a ronin , ” he says , referring to the Japanese term for a rootless warrior .
Like Legend , Science once fought in underground fight - club bouts to make some cash .
But he ’s less of a tough than Legend .
“ It was down in Chinatown in a garage .
We were surrounded by cars with their lights on , and I was really nervous .
Then the fighter gets in the middle with me and it ’s a woman .
And I was like , Should I punch back ?
By the time I did , another guy jumped in the ring and I got the shit beat out of me . ”
Spider , who ’s 23 , is painfully thin , and still has a trace of adolescent acne .
He is the quietest member of the Triangle .
He was born in Panama and moved to New York when he was 6 .
He first lived in Flatbush and then Crown Heights .
Like Legend and Science , he never really knew his father .
Spider went to Louis D. Brandeis High School on the Upper West Side but got kicked out in the tenth grade after getting into a fight with another student .
Spider left home at 16 and spent the next two years living in Union Square during the day and on the Q train at night .
In 2002 , Spider headed to the Port Authority and settled in Norfolk , Virginia , before coming home .
Now he ’s the only one of the three to have a job , working at a nearby Papaya King .
“ I ’m the most cautious of the three of us , ” Spider tells me .
It ’s raining harder now .
Spider shivers .
Strawberry and Legend do a little stoned dance to stay warm .
Science tucks his sketchpad under his sweatshirt to keep it dry .
I suggest we get a pizza at a place on Sixth Avenue .
“ No , a cheese will cost you like sixteen there , ” says Spider .
“ There ’s a place on St. Marks where you get one for eight . ”
As we walk down Broadway , Legend shares what he sees as the Spartans ’ purpose .
“ I want it to be competitive , but like a family , ” he says , holding Strawberry ’s hand .
“ It makes you tough , but it shows you love .
I did n’t have that as a kid . ”
The Spartans ’ creation myth begins at the Pyramid Club , on the Lower East Side .
Science worked for the club , but different floors would be rented out to independent promoters who provided their own security .
One night in the winter of 2005 , Science was summoned to handle a situation where a group of drunken men were harassing a woman .
By the time he arrived , another bouncer was already on the scene .
“ This guy went to the pressure point under the armpit on the first guy , ” says Science with awe .
“ Then he hit his palm under the windpipe of another guy .
I was like , This guy has moves . ”
Science and Legend escorted the offending patrons out of the club .
“ Once we got outside , we started talking about how we had both done martial arts as kids .
Then we started sparring out in front of the club , right then . ”
Science invited Legend to hang out with him in Union Square .
The timing was excellent .
Legend had been living with a girl in Brooklyn , but it had ended badly , with Legend ’s girlfriend chucking a jar of applesauce at him , slicing open his arm .
He had nowhere else to go .
At first Science and Legend had a different idea about how to make money off their fighting skills .
They would spend hours talking about how cool it would be to choreograph fight scenes for the movies , then they ’d work out sequences and perform them for their Union Square friends .
Legend and Science taught some of their friends their moves .
Spider was one of them , and the three men became close .
Science nicknamed the trio the Triangle after something he read in a book about ancient warriors .
“ All warriors are equal , ” says Science .
“ But there ’s a triangle of warriors that leads the phalanx into battle .
That ’s us . ”
Legend says he ’s been known by that name since he can remember .
Science ’s real middle name is “ Scientific ” because his mom hoped he would become a scientist .
Spider got his nickname because he loves Spider - Man comics .
I ask Legend if he and the others will tell me their real names .
No , Legend says .
“ When a warrior is born , he has a milk name , you know , from when all you drank was milk .
But when he grows up , he gets a warrior name that is more who he is .
This is who I am . ”
Photo : Benjamin Lowy
“ Words are power , ” adds Science .
“ If I know your first and last name , I know who you are .
I have access .
I have more control over you . ”
He motions at Spider and Legend .
“ They know my government name if it ’s an emergency .
But I trust them .
We ’ve jumped out of windows .
We ’ve fought together .
They ’ve earned it . ”
The Spartans ’ fights started out informally .
“ We ’d just spar with each other without any rules , ” says Science .
But over time , the Triangle started pairing up friends of similar ability , and rules were drawn up .
The fights would follow the basic guidelines of mixed - martial - arts fighting , the hybrid combination of boxing , wrestling , and martial - arts moves that ’s become popular in recent years on cable TV .
The fights would consist of three rounds of approximately five minutes each ( fighters could surrender earlier by tapping the concrete ) .
There would be two critical deviations from mixed - martial - arts rules :
No blows to the head were allowed , and fights would be about improving one ’s skills , not about hurting or humiliating one ’s opponent .
The first rule was practical , the second philosophical .
“ We figured out , if you were not punching to the head , it was legal to do this publicly and say we were just training , ” says Science .
“ And we wanted this to be like a family .
You get humiliated by the world every day .
That ’s not what we ’re about . ”
In the spring of 2007 , the movie 300 opened at the Union Square Regal Cinema .
The film retells the legend of the 300 Spartans who died fighting the Persian horde at Thermopylae .
Spider , Science , and Legend watched it repeatedly , transfixed .
“ I came up with the name the Union Square Spartans , ” says Science .
“ The Spartans are the fighters , but Union Square is all of Sparta .
It was like we already had the idea in our heads , and the movie came out , and we were like , ‘ Aha . ’ ”
“ When a warrior is born , he has a milk name , you know , from when all you drank was milk , ” Legend says .
“ When he grows up , he gets a warrior name . ”
Not long after the movie premiered , the Triangle watched as medieval combatants wielding spears and shields invaded Union Square .
Turns out they were members of the Darkon Wargaming Club , a role - playing society that reenacts fantasy battle scenes .
“ They put a lifeguard chair up , and I ran up there , ” says Science .
“ I shouted , ‘ Spartans , what is your occupation ? ’
And everyone shouted back , ‘ War ! ’
They let us fight them with their plastic swords , and of course we won .
That made us think we could build a world , too . ”
The Astor Place cube is just ahead .
Legend , Science , and Spider run through traffic and start pushing on it .
Legend and Science begin chanting , “ Union Square Spartans !
Union Square Spartans !
Union Square Spartans ! ”
At the moment , they look less like warriors than a pack of bratty junior - high kids .
Then Legend shares a fantasy he has for the Spartans : “ I ’d love it to be the Union Square Spartans take on the Ukraine , ” says Legend , his dark - brown eyes lighting up .
“ The Union Square Spartans take on Cuba . ”
He seems to believe that there would somehow be money involved .
“ Everyone in the club would make the same amount , ” he says .
“ I would n’t get an extra penny just because I ’m the leader . ”
We arrive at 2 Bros Pizza on St. Marks Place a few minutes later .
Two large pies are devoured in minutes .
It ’s not clear when the Triangle ’s last real meal was .
Legend shakes hands with the manager .
“ Soon , we ’re going to be famous , ” proclaims Legend .
“ You can put a sign up saying PIZZA CHOICE OF THE UNION SQUARE SPARTANS . ”
The man smiles and makes another pizza .
Although the triangle members were enjoying their newfound camaraderie and purpose , they were still flat broke .
One day in April , Science showed up with a video camera ; he had the idea of filming some of the group ’s fights .
Maybe , he reasoned , if people saw them , they would come down to Union Square and the Triangle could charge them ten bucks a lesson .
Legend and Spider thought this was an excellent idea .
In April , Science created the Union Square Spartans MySpace page .
He then placed some of the fights he filmed on YouTube .
Alas , the Triangle ’s original goal of attracting fighters willing to pay for lessons was a failure ; Science says no one has paid .
But there was a publicity boomlet .
The blog And I Am Not Lying wrote about the fights in May , other blogs followed , and crowds began to show up at Spartan fights .
The Triangle enjoyed the spotlight in a charmingly time - delayed way .
A printout of the And I Am Not Lying item arrived like a nineteenth - century transatlantic letter , three weeks after the fact .
Legend carried it around for a while like a holy relic .
There was one line he loved to quote :
He kept asking the other Spartans , “ Am I really ‘ petite and diamond hard ? ’ ”
By June , up to 300 people were watching Spartan fights on a Friday night .
Baristas at a nearby Starbucks , who had banned them for rowdiness , now welcomed them to use their bathroom .
There was even a rumor that ESPN had contacted the Spartans about filming their bouts and airing them as the ultimate - fighting equivalent of Harlem ’s Rucker League .
Still , Spider insists the group does n’t fight for the attention .
“ We fight in public because we have nowhere else to fight , ” he says .
“ And we fight because you get that rush of ‘ Oh , shit , did you just see that move ? ’
That ’s the same rush , whether there ’s three or 300 people watching . ”
Besides , he says , “ if the economy keeps going bad , we could be in a civil war in two years .
We ’re gonna need to know how to defend ourselves . ”
It ’s a hot weeknight .
Legend and Science lead a wiry 19 - year - old called Munkey and a newcomer called Mexican into the ring .
Munkey expertly uses his lower center of gravity to his advantage , and within a minute , his opponent topples .
Legend is impressed : “ Munkey , way to use the leverage . ”
Then two cops shoulder their way through the crowd .
The police have more or less ignored the Spartans for more than a year now , but the crowds the group has started attracting seem to have engendered a change in policy .
One of the cops has a crew cut , and he approaches Legend and Science .
“ We ’re getting calls saying there ’s fights going on in Union Square .
You ca n’t do this here . ”
Science tries to reason with him .
“ We ’ve been doing this for a year .
It ’s just sparring .
There are no blows to the face .
Everybody does t’ai chi here .
It ’s the same thing . ”
“ I thought we were going to have a roundtable meeting about this , ” Flow says .
“ This is n’t a democracy , ” says Legend .
“ So why do n’t you shut up , and let us handle it ? ”
“ Look , we can argue all night , ” says the cop .
“ Next time we come back , we ’re arresting people . ”
Science tells him that they ’ve applied for a permit .
The cop laughs .
“ You think you ’re going to get a permit for fighting in Union Square ?
That ’s never gonna happen . ”
The cop stares down Science and laughs again .
“ You know , if you were doing this as a fund - raiser for the troops , you could probably get a permit . ”
The cop and his partner walk away .
The crowd disperses .
The Spartans regroup under the George Washington statue .
Everyone looks depressed .
Legend glares into the distance .
After a minute or so , a Spartan named Flow speaks up .
He ’s a medium - built , studious - looking black guy , in his mid-twenties , with a Star of David necklace around his neck .
“ I told you putting this on YouTube was a mistake , ” Flow says .
“ We ’re moving too fast .
This was n’t supposed to be about us getting famous . ”
In the brief history of the Spartans , there has been relatively little dissension .
But now , Legend , Science , and Spider surround Flow .
Legend speaks first .
“ You do n’t know what the fuck you ’re talking about . ”
He looks at his two lieutenants for confirmation .
“ What do I keep saying ?
It does n’t matter what the pawns do .
We know the king . ”
Flow looks confused .
“ What the fuck does that mean ? ”
“ We know a guy who knows Ray Kelly , ” Legend says .
“ We ’ll be fine .
We just ignore the pawns . ”
“ I thought we were going to have a roundtable meeting about this , ” Flow says .
“ What happened to that ? ”
“ This is n’t a democracy , ” says Legend .
“ You ’re not part of the Triangle .
I tell everyone , ‘ Do the things you love , and we ’ll all get rich . ’
We ’re splitting everything with equal shares .
I am not getting one dime more than anyone else .
So why do n’t you just shut up and let us handle it ? ”
“ This is n’t what I wanted out of this , ” says Flow .
Legend balls his fists .
He has to be held back by Spider and Science .
“ Where do you think I grew up ?
It was Brooklyn , and it was n’t Flatbush , I ’ll tell you .
It was Bed - Stuy . ” Legend points at the indentation on his forehead .
“ Look , put your hand here , ” he says to Flow .
He tells him the story about the baseball bat .
“ No fucking reason , ” he says .
“ That ’s what life is about . ”
Flow shifts his feet .
Legend gets back in his face .
“ You ’re either with us or I ’ll cut you off .
I ’ll cut off your legs and leave you in the woods . ”
Flow drifts off .
Then Legend repeats the same line to no one in particular : “ I am an antisocial sociopath who hates base behavior .
I am an antisocial sociopath who hates base behavior . ”
At the moment , you believe him .
A few days later , I come back to Union Square at dusk .
Legend is standing in the same place where he and Flow had been arguing .
But tonight , Legend is feeding a bottle to a cooing baby boy in Oshkosh B’Gosh overalls .
The baby ’s name is Xavier Jr. ; he ’s the son of two Union Square regulars .
Strawberry handed him to Legend a few minutes before , but now he does n’t know where the parents went .
“ Let me show you something , ” says Legend .
“ Babies are so cool . ”
He takes the bottle away for a second and touches Xavier ’s dimpled chin .
Xavier ’s mouth magically pops open .
“ When they feel pressure there , they think it ’s the bottle or the nipple , ” Legend says as he reinserts the bottle .
We watch the baby feed for a moment .
“ This makes me think of my twins , Romeo and Caesar . ”
This catches me by surprise ; Legend had n’t mentioned he had children before .
“ They ’re 6 .
They live in Sheepshead Bay , but I do n’t see them that much .
Soon , I can start training them , if their mom lets me . ”
He tells me the Spartans are in a state of flux .
The NYPD precinct captain came out this week and reiterated that any more sparring would result in arrests .
“ We ’ll move to Tompkins Square or somewhere else , ” insists Legend .
“ Or get a permit . ” But Union Square will always be base camp , he maintains .
“ We ’re always going to be here .
We ’re always going to be the Union Square Spartans . ”
I ask him about the supposed interest of ESPN in making some sort of deal with the Spartans .
Legend ducks the question , but I find out later from Science that that was just a freelance promoter / huckster passing through the square and talking big .
They never heard from him again .
Still , Legend insists , other things are happening .
He says a Staten Island fight club called the Greens saw video of the Spartans and have invited them out to Staten Island for a battle .
“ I watched some of those dudes fight , ” Legend says .
“ They suck .
We can take them all .
This is just the start .
This time next year , we ’re going to have two gyms .
One for training , one for us just to hang out . ”
It ’s not at all clear where they ’d get the money , but that ’s only one of the Spartans ’ problems .
In a few weeks , Legend will get picked up by the police for passing out on a Union Square bench and be hauled down to Centre Street on vagrancy charges .
In the course of trying to find him again , I will find out that his real name is Glen Williams .
Tonight , Legend laughs when Xavier spits up on him and then hands the baby off to Strawberry .
He looks out at Union Square .
It ’s the same scene as most nights .
A man walks around with a sign that reads FREE HUGS , a New Orleans Dixieland band plays out of tune , and cabbies ride their horns .
Legend gives a little wince .
“ I love it here , but man , if we could get out , that would be great , too . ”
Spread the love
Traditionally , it ’s always been standard practice for programmers to wrap long lines of code so they do n’t span more than 80 characters across the screen .
This is because , back in the bad old days , most computer terminals could only display 25 rows of 80 columns of text on screen at once .
Any lines that were longer would simply trail off out of sight .
To ensure this did n’t happen , programmers split up long lines of code so none of them exceeded 80 characters .
Today , however , it ’s pretty unlikely that you or anyone will still be writing code on an 80 - column - width terminal .
So why do we keep limiting our code to support them ?
The answer , of course , is that we do n’t .
An 80 character limit has no relevance any more with modern computer displays .
The three - year - old Powerbook I am writing this post on , for example , can easily display over 200 characters across the screen , at a comfortable 10 point font size .
That ’s two and a half VT100s !
The reason this standard has stuck around all these years is because of the other benefits it provides .
Advantages
Long lines that span too far across the monitor are hard to read .
This is typography 101 .
The shorter your line lengths , the less your eye has to travel to see it .
If your code is narrow enough , you can fit two files on screen , side by side , at the same time .
This can be very useful if you ’re comparing files , or watching your application run side - by - side with a debugger in real time .
Plus , if you write code 80 columns wide , you can relax knowing that your code will be readable and maintainable on more - or - less any computer in the world .
Another nice side effect is that snippets of narrow code are much easier to embed into documents or blog posts .
Disadvantages
Constraining the width of your code can sometimes require you to break up lines in unnatural places , making the code look awkward and disjointed .
This particular problem is worse with languages like Java and .NET , that tend to use long , descriptive identifier names .
Plus , the amount of usable space for code is also by impacted by tab width .
For example , if you ’re using 8 - space tabs and an 80 - column page width , code within a class , a method , and an if statement will already have almost a third of the available space taken for indentation .
Alternatives
Why 80 ?
At work , my current project team uses a 120 - character limit .
We ’ve all got 24 ″ wide - screen LCD displays , and 120 characters seems to be a good fit for our .
NET / Visual Studio development environment , while still leaving ample whitespace .
There are a few factors you should think about , however .
The average length of a line of code depends on what language and libraries you ’re using .
C generally has much shorter identifier names , and subsequently much shorter lines than , say , a .NET language .
It also depends on what sort of project you ’re working on .
For private and internal projects , use discretion .
Find out what works best for your team , and follow it .
For open - source projects , or other situations where you do n’t know who ’s going to be reading your source code , tradition dictates that you stick with 80 .
Another possibility is to make the limit a guideline , rather than a concrete rule .
Sometimes you might not care if a particular line continues out of sight .
A long string literal , for example , is n’t going to cause the end of the world if you ca n’t see the whole thing on screen at once .
It may sound pedantic , but if you do decide to use something different , make sure everyone knows the rule , and obeys it .
When there are unclear or conflicting rules , chaos ensues .
You can end up with hilarious games like formatting tennis , where every time a developer works on a piece of code , they first waste time reformatting the whole thing to reflect their own preferred coding style .
Why bother ?
Some of you might wonder why anyone would worry about such trivial details like the length of a line of code .
And that ’s cool .
But , if like me , you believe that code is n’t finished until it not only works well , but looks beautiful too , balancing style with practicality is very important .
As the architect of Ohio ’s ballot measure against gay marriage , Phil Burress helped draw thousands of conservative voters to the polls in 2004 , most of whom also cast ballots to reelect President Bush .
So Burress was not surprised when two high - level staffers from John McCain ’s campaign dropped by his office , asking for his help this fall .
What surprised Burress was how badly the meeting went .
He says he tried but failed to make the McCain team understand how much work remained to overcome the skepticism of social conservatives .
Burress ended up cutting off the campaign officials as they spoke .
“ He does n’t want to associate with us , ” Burress now says of McCain , “ and we do n’t want to associate with him . ”
That meeting and other run-ins with conservatives , some Republicans say , have revealed the depth of the challenge facing McCain : mollifying Republican constituencies that have distrusted many of his policy positions , in order to build the machinery needed to push voters to the polls in November .
If McCain tried to gather his volunteers in Ohio , “ you could meet in a phone booth , ” said radio host Bill Cunningham , who attacks the Arizona senator regularly on his talk show .
“ There ’s no sense in this part of Ohio that John McCain is a conservative or that his election would have a material benefit to conservatism . ”
Advertisement
Were McCain running on Bush ’s 2004 strategy , fractures like these might be devastating .
Bush and his chief political hand , Karl Rove , built their winning plan on exciting conservatives with hard - line , often religious - themed rhetoric and policy proposals , such as backing the same - sex - marriage ban and giving churches federal funds to perform social services .
But as the 2008 general - election campaign begins , it is clear this year will be different .
Both McCain and presumptive Democratic nominee Barack Obama hope to energize core party activists , but each also hopes to win votes in the political center -- from the independents , moderate women , blue - collar whites and Latinos who tend to swing from one party to the other , and who are turned off by highly partisan rhetoric .
For McCain , who has spent four months since securing the GOP nomination stockpiling money and planning the fall campaign , these tasks may prove difficult to balance .
As his run-ins with some conservatives here show , burnishing his image as an independent - minded Republican has sometimes left bruised feelings among reliable friends in the GOP base , who in the past have helped the party as voters and volunteers .
On the ground
Advertisement
Some Republicans say they are also troubled that the McCain campaign has not been faster to build a get - out - the - vote operation in Ohio , a state that is again expected to be a key battleground .
These Republicans , who have a close - up view of events , worry that McCain will be overpowered by Obama ’s ability to motivate activists .
“ I ’m going to be very honest with everyone in this room , ” said Hamilton County GOP Chairman Alex Triantafilou as he threw his hands in the air during a speech last week at a Republican club dinner in suburban Cincinnati .
“ We are a little bit frustrated with the ability of the McCain campaign to get going . ”
This time four years ago , Triantafilou recalled , he had already taken leave from his county government job to work full time for Bush ’s reelection .
“ By June 1 , we were humping hard on the presidential campaign , ” he said .
While waiting for the McCain team , the county party has launched a voter registration drive of its own .
Volunteers such as Triantafilou were crucial to the Republicans ’ 2004 strategy , which entailed sorting through voting histories , church affiliation data and consumer information -- such as magazine subscriptions and grocery store purchases -- to identify millions of potential new conservative supporters .
Then volunteers would visit or call these people and urge them to vote .
Advertisement
Many political analysts say the strategy played a large role in Bush ’s reelection .
Bush won Ohio , for example , by about 120,000 votes -- roughly equal to the combined margins of victory in the GOP - leaning communities around Cincinnati , where the voter - identification plan was used heavily .
This time , Republican officials say , they are preparing to use these “ data mining ” techniques to reach voters , but will point the strategy at an additional segment of the electorate : the independent and swing voters whom Obama is targeting too .
For McCain , the challenge is to win enough of these voters to make up for a potential lack of passion among conservatives , and he is betting that his image as an independent and his moderate views on issues such as global warming will help .
McCain is positioned to “ find a new layer of voters . . . that ’s probably not available to the average Republican , ” said Mike DuHaime , a McCain campaign advisor .
In Ohio , McCain will target blue - collar workers outside Cleveland and Youngstown , and in the state ’s Appalachian counties in the southeast , who turned their backs on Obama in his primary contest with Hillary Rodham Clinton .
Advertisement
GOP officials also say that new voter - identification technology will help them make up for any falloff in conservative zeal .
For example , volunteers will survey voters on special Internet phones that automatically insert their answers into the party ’s massive database , called “ Voter Vault . ”
The phone calls are used to identify potential new supporters by asking a series of questions about issues and candidates .
In the past , volunteers and party staff would have spent hours typing information into the database .
Officials said the system was tested in a number of local elections last year , including the Canton , Ohio , mayoral race .
A new angle
The net that Republican officials are casting for potential supporters is wider than in the past .
Party leaders in recent weeks have met with evangelicals , hunters , African Americans and Latinos , as in the past .
But they have even started conversations with representatives from the gay and lesbian community .
Advertisement
“ These meetings have been fascinating , ” said Ohio GOP spokesman John McClelland , “ and we ’re getting new views . ”
And Republican officials say that they have in recent days begun installing state and regional directors , and that offices are beginning to open this month in Ohio and other battlegrounds .
Democrats , too , are adjusting their strategy in Ohio and elsewhere , as they examine how to shape the general election around the unusual biography of the country ’s first black presidential nominee .
The state Democratic Party last year conducted a major poll on voter attitudes that included questions on race and gender , in anticipation of a black or female nominee .
Party officials said those results have helped them create a plan to target independents and conservatives , which entails recruiting neighborhood - level volunteers with local credibility to make the case for Obama .
That means finding white volunteers to help in rural and exurban counties that went for Bush in 2004 and for Clinton in the primary .
Advertisement
In addition , about 10 Obama staff members are at work in Ohio registering voters , with an emphasis on African Americans and other core supporters .
And the campaign has begun talks with a top strategist for Ohio ’s popular Democratic governor , Ted Strickland , who was an early Clinton backer .
But as both campaigns aim for voters in the less ideologically driven center , McCain may have the tougher challenge in retaining voters in his party ’s base at the same time .
A falling - out he had with Cunningham , the radio talk show host , shows the problem .
Cunningham ’s anger traces back to February , when he was asked to introduce McCain at a rally in Cincinnati .
In warming up the crowd , the talk show host repeatedly mentioned Obama ’s middle name -- Hussein -- in a way that some found disparaging .
When he learned of Cunningham ’s introduction , McCain apologized and said : “ I absolutely repudiate such comments . ”
Advertisement
McCain ’s move left some hard feelings , and Cunningham is now attacking him regularly on the airwaves .
“ I think he was doing what he needed to do for his national audience , but it did n’t do much to endear him to local people , how he treated Cunningham , ” said Republican activist Christa Criddle , who volunteered for Bush in 2004 but has decided to focus her time this year on local elections .
She added : “ A lot of people were not very happy . ”
Burress , who led the successful campaign for a constitutional amendment barring same - sex marriage , said he would vote for McCain , largely because he said an Obama victory would lead to new liberal Supreme Court justices and more emphasis on abortion rights .
And he suspects that McCain ’s coolness toward conservatives could be a calculated gamble to win centrists .
But he will not work directly for McCain , and he suspects that many conservatives will stay home on election day .
Advertisement
“ They think we have no place to go [ other than the Republican Party ] , and in some respects , that ’s true , ” Burress said .
“ But it ’s going to take a whole lot more than that for him to win . ”
Wait and see
Unlike Bush before him , McCain might be forced to build his campaign without volunteers like Lori Viars , who lives in exurban Warren County and runs the Family First Political Action Committee .
Four years ago , she spent months working on the Bush campaign .
This time , she ’s holding back , waiting to see if McCain picks a “ strong pro-family , pro-life conservative ” as his running mate .
“ In 2004 , it was six days a week .
I did n’t see my family , ” she said .
Advertisement
“ I ’ve got to be really motivated to do that again . ”
--
peter.wallsten@latimes.com
Although not necessarily tourist attractions , there are a number of incredibly fascinating views of Florida that wo n’t be noticed or really appreciated from ground level .
Seeing as it ’s doubtful you ’ll be able to spot them from the plane on the way in we thought we ’d pick a selection of the most intriguing and use Google Maps to point them out for you .
If you know of any others equally as fascinating , let us know in the comments .
( If you fancy seeing more , simply click on the photos to be taken to the area on Google Maps itself )
The Blue Rooftops of Pensacola
The blue rooftops in the photos above are n’t a design feature , they ’re actually temporary fixtures used to cover roofs damaged as a result of extreme weather conditions , something all too familiar to residents in certain parts of Florida .
The ones that can be seen around Pensacola on Google Maps were just some of the tarps administered by FEMA ’s Operation Blue Roof during the 2005 hurricane season , one of the worst in recorded history .
The Disc of Rotonda West
After looking at the area from above it ’s unsurprising to discover that Rotonda West is a planned community in Charlotte County , Florida , the entire subdivision contained within a huge circle ( 29 km ² ) which is then surrounded by a river .
That circle is split into eight sections , all but one containing housing .
The remaining slice is home to a burgeoning nature reserve .
Florida ’s Silver Dollar Lake
Known by pilots as Silver Dollar Lake due to it ’s near - perfect circular shape ( a characteristic which has , unofficially at least , gained it the title of Most Circular Lake in the World ) , this 3 km diameter lake is located in Clay County , Florida .
Although no - one can be certain , the general consensus is that the lake was formed as a result of a sinkhole , mainly due to it ’s shape and the nature of its sloping floor .
The Coral of Cape Coral
Cape Coral , with a population of just over 100,000 people , sits amongst over 400 miles of canals .
It ’s a beautiful area , even more so when you take a look from above and notice the amazing patterns created by the network of meticulously planned waterways .
The area ’s name suddenly begins to make sense .
Turkey Point ’s Enormous Cooling Radiator
The close - up in the lower section of the picture above shows a portion of Turkey Point ’s Nuclear Plant ( which we ’ve highlighted in the top section ) .
That should give some sense of scale when looking at the gigantic system of 36 canals used by the station to cool water used within the complex – water which travels along a 136 mile journey through these canals for 2 days before being re-used .
Avon Park ’s Gigantic Bombing Target
Avon Park Air Force Range , opened during World War II , was at one point the world ’s largest bombing range .
It ’s no surprise then that this humungous bombing target can be clearly spotted using Google Maps , a facility used to train B - 17 air crews in air - to - ground bombing .
We ’re not sure if you ’ll be able to visit the target itself but some parts of the park are open to the public .
Mickey ’s Forest
In 1992 it was announced by Disney that they were to begin reforesting parts of Florida in an effort to give something back to the area .
The furthest they got was to plant Mickey ’s Forest ( above ) , a collection of 50,000 pine trees shaped in a way that should be familiar to the majority of people reading this .
Surprisingly it ’s relatively unknown to tourists and locals alike .
CHAMPAIGN , Ill . --
Businesses risk chasing away prospective customers when they send chummy e-mails that bandy around people 's names , hobbies and other personal information to pitch sales , according to a new study of the popular marketing tool .
" People bristle at personalization just for the sake of personalization , " said Tiffany Barnett White , a University of Illinois marketing professor who headed the research .
" It comes across as too pushy .
They want personalization that is relevant to them . "
To click , personalized e-mails need to offer value and also quickly explain how personal information such as buying tastes and leisure interests relates to the sales pitch , according to the study , which appears in Marketing Letters , a peer - reviewed journal .
" When messages are highly personalized , but lack value and justification , they have unintended effects , " White said .
" They can actually have a boomerang effect and cast the firm in a negative light , sending customers running to the competition . "
The study surveyed undergraduate students to gauge response to marketing e-mails with varying amounts of personal data , ranging from just names and hometowns to more detailed information such as reading or cooking preferences .
In the end , the degree of personalization was less important than whether the pitch had value , and whether it told customers how the deal and their personal information intertwined , according to the study , co-written by marketing professors Sharon Shavitt of the U. of I. , Helge Thorbjorsen of the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration and Debra Zahay of Northern Illinois University .
" If the offer was valuable and justified , the level of personal information did n't matter , " White said .
" Firms were no better off for throwing all of your personal information at you . "
She says the findings are surprising because the research is based on personal data provided voluntarily , rather than from credit - card companies and other third - party sources .
" Even when someone has volunteered their personal information , they still have preferences about how firms use it .
They do n't want to be bombarded with a mountain of facts about themselves unless they perceive a very good benefit , " White said .
The study only looked at responses to messages with varying degrees of personalization , and White says more research is needed to gauge whether marketers should consider abandoning personalization completely and just focus on offering value .
" I can't make any statements now about whether firms should just not spend money on personalization .
But I think the big takeaway from this research is that personalization might not matter and it may actually hurt , " White said .
In the meantime , she says marketing firms should use personalized e-mails to convey value , rather than just trying to " wow " prospective buyers with detail about them .
" Do n't just use a tool because you have it , " White said .
" Use it with the consumer 's perspective in mind .
Think about the psychology , not just the technology .
There needs to be a perceived value to personalized messages . "
Without value , personalized e-mails can backfire , making consumers feel threatened by sales pitches they consider over the top , she said .
" That can really give smaller businesses an advantage , " White said .
" At the extreme , it could make consumers go searching for competitors that they might not otherwise have gone searching for .
Those smaller firms probably do n't even have the technology to do that , and consumers find that somehow refreshing . "
" Nowadays , consumers are so much more savvy , " she said .
" They 're so bombarded with tricks of this nature that they start to seem like tricks .
So the onus in on marketers to convince consumers that this is n't a trick , that it has some value . "
###
Editor 's note : To contact Tiffany Barnett White , call 217-333-4597 ; e-mail tbwhite@illinois.edu .
( CNN ) --
This summer , Republicans and Democrats will celebrate their presidential nominees at conventions billed as the greenest in their parties ' histories .
A workstation at a 2007 conference lets attendees look online instead of printing informational materials .
At the Democratic National Convention in Denver , Colorado , biodegradable balloons and recycled confetti will fall on attendees .
Convention hall carpeting will be recycled , recyclable or both .
And organizers plan on using environmentally friendly paint for the walls .
Planning committees for the Republican National Convention in Minneapolis , Minnesota , are working on improving energy efficiency for the event .
They have also cut down on paper use by relying more on electronic communication and will use fuel - efficient vehicles in the convention auto pool .
The measures highlight a major shift in the meetings and conventions industry toward holding environmentally friendlier events .
Holding a green meeting is " no longer a quirky , nice thing to do , " said Joel Makower , executive editor of GreenBiz.com .
" It 's something that increasingly is being asked , if not demanded , by meeting producers . "
If not closely monitored , thousands of conventioneers gathered in large - scale meetings over the course of a few days can accrue plenty of waste .
Do n't Miss
In wake of twister , Kansas town is rebuilding green
In wake of twister , Kansas town is rebuilding green In Depth : Road Warriors
For example , a five - day event with 2,200 people could produce one ton of plastic waste in the form of disposable serving pieces , said Bruce MacMillan , CEO of the industry trade association Meetings Professional International .
Meetings and conventions can also leave a hefty carbon footprint from air travel , large - scale paper consumption and the waste that comes from carelessly tearing down trade show exhibits , among other things , said Shawna McKinley , a project manager for Meeting Strategies Worldwide , an environmental consulting firm .
But lately , greener practices have become a priority for businesses .
Of the two - thirds of the world 's top 500 companies that publish corporate social responsibility reports , 87 percent address climate change and 65 percent have a specific portion on climate change issues .
Seventy - eight percent publish quantitative emissions data , according to CorportateRegister.com .
These types of corporate social responsibility mandates -- combined with some managers ' genuine concern for the issue and a public demand that companies do their part -- has led to the growth of green meetings .
The ' green lens '
Not surprisingly , companies with the environment in mind , such as the U.S. Green Building Council and the National Recycling Coalition , have been on board with green meetings for years , McKinley said .
But in the past 18 months , companies from a wide range of sectors , including technology , real estate , tourism and religion , have begun planning more sustainable events , she said .
At the same time , companies have become more sophisticated in their requests .
Whereas recycling is what McKinley calls the " 101 level " and a firmly established standard , she said meeting planners are now moving onto more intermediate practices , such as asking for locally grown or organic food , or requesting hotels and convention centers that take energy efficiency and water conservation into account .
Others are implementing programs such as tree planting to offset the carbon footprints of air travel , McKinley said .
Still , while many organizations are putting forth the effort , it 's not yet a perfected science , resulting in greening efforts that are " all over the map , " Makower said .
" In some cases , it 's sort of random acts of greenness .
But in other cases , it 's really strategic , thinking about conferences through a green lens including every aspect of it , from how they 're produced to what the attendee experience is like to what messages it signals to the industry and the larger community , " he said .
The Environmental Protection Agency is working on setting standards for its own events , which may help set a more consistent tone .
( The agency already set guidelines last year to give preference to facilities with sustainable practices . )
The new standards , which the EPA projects will be in place by June 2009 , will regulate only the agency 's events , although other government agencies may use them as guidance on best meeting practices .
For now , companies and organizations are learning as they go along .
A recent convention of the Professional Convention Management Association took steps toward limiting waste by distributing recycled bags and refillable water bottles to attendees .
But , unbeknownst to organizers , convention sponsors printed materials , resulting in about five pounds of paper for each bag , said Deborah Sexton , association CEO .
The mishap is a lesson for upcoming events , she said .
The bottom line
Many companies and meeting planners have been pleasantly surprised that producing green meetings can be cost effective .
Some elements do cost more , but the increase in efficiency can offset the expense , Makower said .
For example , he said , using pitchers of water instead of individual bottles might cancel out the cost of organic food .
McKinley said a meeting client recently saved money by switching from plastic disposable service ware to compostable serving pieces , because the high price of petroleum increased the cost of plastic .
Best destinations
Web and teleconferencing eliminate the carbon emissions of plane travel , but experts say that 's not the only direction the industry is headed .
Conventions can have a positive impact on a city 's economy and it's important to expose conventioneers to different locales , Sexton said .
To that end , industry professionals say they choose cities and facilities in the United States and abroad with environmentally sound practices .
Despite the unavoidable carbon footprint of flying , McKinley said meeting face to face is essential .
" We need it for sales , we need it for education , we need it for personal fulfillment . "
Admits Sexton , " You 'll never have the perfect meeting , no one will .
...
But the more you do year in and year out , the better off it 'll be . "
All About Conservation of Resources • Business Travel • Global Climate Change • Air Travel
Hey , at least Matt Lauer has someone in his corner !
With the embattled anchor continuing to face criticism for Ann Curry 's firing and for the faltering Today show ratings , Kathie Lee Gifford came out this week in support of her colleague .
" I do n’t like somebody taking blame for something that they ’re not responsible for , ” Gifford said of Lauer and the many rumors that he pushed for Curry 's ousting .
Gifford , in fact , had the entire Today cast and crew sign a full - page newspaper ad in support of Lauer and planned on running it in USA Today , but backed off at Lauer 's request .
According to The New York Daily News , this is what the letter - signed by hundreds - read :
" We the people of the ‘ Today ’ show who work side by side , day by day , year in and year out with Matt Lauer are tired of unfounded and unrelenting stories by faceless characters regarding his character and reputation .
No one has coerced us to sign this .
With our signatures we stand in support of our colleague and friend . ”
Said Gifford of her inspiration for it :
“ We all wanted to say something to Matt and nobody wanted to put him in a position that would make him uncomfortable .
So unbeknownst to anyone higher up at NBC , I just started this thing . ”
It sure beats talking about Hoda Kotb 's landing strip !
Eye - opener with a pitch TV news program tries product placement as revenue source
COURTESY OF FOX 5
Reader poll Besides McDonald 's coffee , what other brand name products do you think should be placed on the desks of TV anchors ?
Cheerios
Pop Tarts
Dunkin Donuts
Jimmy Dean 6 Layer Breakfast Casserole
Spam View results
Oooooooh , they ’re calling out your name .
Two cups of McDonald ’s iced coffee ( BUY ! ) sit on the Fox 5 TV news desk , a punch - you - in - the - face product placement ( BUY ! ) to chase down your morning news .
They ’ve been on the Las Vegas station set for about two weeks , following the lead of a few TV stations across the country , and they ’re still looking every bit as frosty and tantalizing ( BUY ! ) as they were the first day you laid your eyes on them .
But wait , here ’s the best part :
They ’re not real .
Fake coffee on the real news , two plastic cups permanently filled with some kind of bogus drink .
The anchors are n’t even supposed to acknowledge them , McDonald ’s reps explain .
That ’s part of their genius , my little lambs !
They get into your mind without you knowing it .
So they just sit there , two logo - emblazoned plastic cups , percolating into the psyche .
Made - to - scale models that weigh something like seven pounds each — refreshing , and bottom - line boosting !
Fox is starting its day with a “ nontraditional revenue source , ” KVVU news director Adam P. Bradshaw says .
The station and McDonald ’s wo n’t disclose how much the fast food empire paid for the product placement .
But lest there be any concerns about mixing fact ( the morning news ) with fiction ( fake coffee ) , he points out that the cups are put out only after 7 a.m. , when the hard news gives way to light lifestyle news .
“ I stress the fact that it is being done on a program that is a combination of news entertainment and lifestyle programming , ” Bradshaw says .
And if there ’s ever an E. coli outbreak beneath a certain set of golden arches , he says , KVVU will report the daylights out of it , gosh darn it .
Kelly McBride , the ethics group leader for Poynter Institute , the nonprofit journalism training organization , is n’t convinced .
Product placement in a newsroom , she worries , represents the “ slippage ” of news into advertisement , a descent into a dark world where conglomerate companies control coverage .
If so , the slippage is also occurring at stations in Chicago , Seattle and New York .
And when Las Vegas is done suffering this dry - your - eyeballs - out - of - their - sockets summer heat , Bradshaw says KVVU might switch to ceramic mugs with massive McLogos filled with fake black gold McDonald ’s coffee .
( BUY ! )
Not only is this thing powered by Neuros , it even resembles the Neuros OSD .
Announced today at the SINO Consumer Electronics
Show , the brashly named WhereverTV acts as a liaison between your internet - connected PC and TV , delivering " hundreds of live international television channels in more than 40 languages from almost 100 countries around the world . "
The 5 - x 5 - x 1 - inch box must be simultaneously connected to your router and TV , and once the tele is flipped on , you 'll be able to browse , manage and stream scads of international TV channels from wherever you are in the world .
Granted , we still prefer the flexibility of the ZvBox ( which allows you to tap into all facets of internet video , not just one segment ) , but for just $ 199.99 with no activation or recurring charges ( available now at Amazon ) , this could be just the thing for foreign television junkies or folks currently living outside of their homeland .
HILTON HEAD ISLAND , S.C. ( AP ) 
A man who received a heart transplant 12 years ago and later married the donor 's widow died the same way the donor did , authorities said : of a self - inflicted gunshot wound .
No foul play was suspected in 69 - year - old Sonny Graham 's death at his Vidalia , Ga. , home , investigators said .
He was found Tuesday in a utility building in his backyard with a single shotgun wound to the throat , said Greg Harvey , a special agent with the Georgia Bureau of Investigation .
Graham , who was director of the Heritage golf tournament at Sea Pines from 1979 to 1983 , was on the verge of congestive heart failure in 1995 when he got a call that a heart was available in Charleston .
That heart was from Terry Cottle , 33 , who had shot himself , Berkeley County Coroner Glenn Rhoad said .
Grateful for his new heart , Graham began writing letters to the donor 's family to thank them .
In January 1997 , Graham met his donor 's widow , Cheryl Cottle , then 28 , in Charleston .
" I felt like I had known her for years , " Graham told The ( Hilton Head ) Island Packet for a story in 2006 .
" I could n't keep my eyes off her .
I just stared . "
In 2001 , Graham bought a home for Cottle and her four children in Vidalia .
Three years later , they were married after Graham retired from his job as a plant manager for Hargray Communications in Hilton Head .
From their previous marriages , the couple had six children and six grandchildren scattered across South Carolina and Georgia .
Cheryl Graham , now 39 , has worked at several hospices in Vidalia .
A telephone message left Sunday at a listing for Cheryl and Sonny Graham in Vidalia was not immediately returned .
Sonny Graham 's friends said he would be remembered for his willingness to help people .
" Any time someone had a problem , the first reaction was , ' Call Sonny Graham , ' " said Bill Carson , Graham 's friend for more than 40 years .
" It did n't matter whether you had a flat tire on the side of the road or your washing machine did n't work .
He did n't even have to know you to help you . "
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Enlarge By Jay Karr , The Hilton Head Island Packet / AP
Heart transplant recipient Sonny Graham , left , and his wife , Cheryl , pray during a moment of silence at a reunion of organ recipients and donor families Dec. 1 , 2006 at Hilton Head Regional Medical Center in South Carolina .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Backpain - why continue to suffer ?
Backpain - why suffer ?
We know just how you feel .
Backpain - Acute or Chronic - is an all - too - common problem which makes your life a misery .
we are fellow sufferers so we do understand what you are going through .
Unfortunately , it is a problem which will affect most people at some point in their lives .
Get relief from your chronic back pain with great advice at Lose The Back Pain where they have lots of information for you .
Backache or back pain are really two names for the same problem , anything from a sudden , sharp pain that can have you incapacitated , to a dull , constant ache which just wears you out .
Unfortunately , most people will suffer at some time - it is so common that it is the principal reason in the developed world why people need to take time off work .
It can be the result of an accident , a fall , or lifting something too heavy or it can develop slowly , perhaps as your spine changes with increasing age .
Sometimes , there is no obvious reason .
Regardless of how it happens or how intense the pain , you know when you have it .
And chances are , if you do n't have it now , you will eventually .
As fellow sufferers we know how best to deal it and we created this Backache - Relief site to help you with immediate relief now and just as importantly , suggest ways which will help prevent more painful problems occurring in the future .
If this describes you :-
You can't get comfortable
You can't concentrate because of the pain
You can't sleep at night
You need help but do n't know what to do ....... ..
We can help .
There are no magical cures for backache and back pain .
But what we can do is offer quick relief .
Often that is all that is needed and your own natural body mechanism can then continue the healing process .
Backache - Relief contains detailed explanations of the causes , best case treatment , proven traditional practices and sound advice for a better future .
Pain relief need n't be expensive .
OK .
Long term professional back pain treatment will cost , but when backache pain really gets to you , I am willing to bet that no price would be too much to pay .
Anything , if only that pain or that dull acheing back could just be made to go away !
After looking through our backpain relief site you will be better informed about the likely causes , the various professional options open to you and suggestions about how you can quickly start getting pain relief .
And if your pain is really bugging you and you can't wait to get started , then please take a look at a Pilates Backpain Remedy .
Safe , inexpensive and with you in hours !
In a campaign already strongly emphasizing faith , Democratic presidential contender Barack Obama announced his intent to make federal funding of religiously based organizations a key part of his push to help the needy .
His plan would overhaul and expand the controversial faith - based initiative that was an early cornerstone of President Bush 's domestic program , which Senator Obama said had " never fulfilled its promise . "
Obama 's proposals , announced Tuesday , are likely to appeal particularly to African - Americans , who already lean Democratic , and to Evangelicals of various political stripes who are increasingly concerned about issues of poverty .
He has stepped up his religious outreach in recent weeks , including seeking inroads into the Republicans ' Evangelical base .
But his proposals also run the risk of alienating Democrats opposed to funding religious groups for any purpose .
Obama said America 's problems were too big to solve through government alone .
" I believe that change comes not from the top down but from the bottom up , and few are closer to the people than our churches , synagogues , temples , and mosques , " he said , during a visit to Eastside Community Ministry in Zanesville , Ohio .
The senator was careful to highlight key areas of difference between that initiative and his own proposal for a Council for Faith - Based and Neighborhood Partnerships .
" Make no mistake , as someone who used to teach constitutional law , I believe deeply in the separation of church and state , but I do n't believe this partnership will endanger that idea , " Obama said .
He emphasized that those receiving funds could not proselytize the people they help nor could they discriminate in hiring practices on the basis of religion .
Faith - based groups could only use federal dollars for secular programs .
And he committed to ensure that taxpayer dollars would only go to " programs that actually work . "
These " guiding principles " were aimed at defusing criticisms surely to come from many in the Democratic camp as well as watchdog groups , which have won some court cases where faith - based groups were found using dollars for religious purposes .
" Proselytizing and discrimination in hiring have been two of the big problems with the president 's program , " says the Rev. Barry Lynn , executive director of Americans United for the Separation of Church and State .
" The devil is in the details on whether the Obama plan would fully correct those , but he 's moving in the right direction .
" The unfortunate thing is that the idea of giving religious bodies government funding is easily a formula for misuse and politicizing .
We 've seen that in the last seven years , " Mr. Lynn adds .
Religious groups hiring only those of their faith to operate federally funded programs remains a key issue , which Obama 's campaign needs to clarify further , says Marc Stern , a lawyer for the American Jewish Congress .
" You ca n't mention the Salvation Army and Catholic Charities as models of what 's appropriate [ as Obama did ] , and then say you can't engage in religious discrimination in employment , because both of those organizations do discriminate , " Mr. Stern says .
For some religious groups , hiring people who share their mission is as critical , they say , as it is for political campaigns or other types of nonprofits .
Obama 's stance could present challenges for his bid to woo Evangelicals away from the Republican Party , an effort that has included a lengthy meeting with national religious leaders and an outreach program to young Christians .
At the same time , two former White House officials responsible for the Bush initiative have responded positively to the Obama proposal .
John DiIulio , the first director of the White House Office for Faith - Based and Community Initiatives , says Obama has offered a " principled and problem - solving vision . "
David Kuo , who left the White House disillusioned over its implementation of the faith - based effort , says , " They 've clearly taken a very close look at the failures of the Bush administration 's effort and have made a systematic attempt to address them . "
But Mr. Kuo , who is now Washington editor for Beliefnet.com , cautions that there have been lots of promises in the past , and " the test will be whether he has the commitment to fulfill the promise . "
The Obama plan would create a new President 's Council for Faith - Based and Neighborhood Partnerships in the White House and retain the offices in various federal agencies that oversee grants to faith - based and other community groups .
The council would launch a training effort – by which larger charities trained smaller local organizations – and also hold grant recipients accountable by conducting rigorous performance evaluations .
His plan also envisions a $ 500 million per year summer learning program to focus efforts on closing the education achievement gap of poor and minority students .
He aims to serve a million children in the effort .
Obama began his career as a community organizer on the South Side of Chicago working with church groups to improve living conditions in poor neighborhoods .
In his view , the Bush program was consistently underfunded and promoted partisan interests .
Others have charged that the program simply shifted grants to other recipients within a shrinking pie of funds .
In 2006 , a study by the Roundtable on Religion and Social Policy reviewed some 28,000 social service grants made by nine federal agencies from 2002 to 2004 .
While faith groups ' share of grants awarded rose from 11.6 percent in 2002 to 12.8 percent in 2004 , the total amount of the grants dropped from $ 670 million to $ 626 million .
Total funds available from the programs during that period dropped by more than $ 230 million .
In his speech July 1 , Obama emphasized that leaders in both parties have recognized the beneficial role that faith groups can play .
Polls have also shown that two - thirds of Americans support the idea in principle but many have concerns about how it is implemented .
It 's Rudy [ Kathryn Jean Lopez ]
So many e-mailers this morning are predicting that the McCain trial balloon is really about Giuliani .
I 'm not there , but here 's one :
I do n't think it 's being floated for Liebermann or Ridge .
I think he 's considering Giuliani .
- Might put NY in enough play to make Obama spend a lot of money there .
- Has name recognition and gets plenty of respect on law enforcement / national security
John McCain 's presidential campaign tried to recruit Ron Fournier , right , back in 2006 .
One of Fournier 's job options : McCain
Before Ron Fournier returned to The Associated Press in March 2007 , the veteran political reporter had another professional suitor : John McCain ’s presidential campaign .
In October 2006 , the McCain team approached Fournier about joining the fledgling operation , according to a source with knowledge of the talks .
In the months that followed , said a source , Fournier spoke about the job possibility with members of McCain ’s inner circle , including political aides Mark Salter , John Weaver and Rick Davis .
Advertisement
Salter , who remains a top McCain adviser , said in an e-mail to Politico that Fournier was considered for “ a senior advisory role ” in communications .
“ He did us the courtesy of considering the offer before politely declining it , ” Salter said .
He added that Fournier was an attractive target because of his knowledge about the political process , not because of his ideological or partisan leanings .
Salter says he still does not know what , if any , those are .
Fournier has taken lumps in the left - leaning blogosphere in recent weeks , following the disclosure of a friendly e-mail exchange with Karl Rove from 2004 .
This was followed by an analysis of his work by Media Matters , a watchdog group that critiques news coverage from a liberal perspective .
The group alleged that the influential Washington bureau chief has revealed a pro-McCain bias .
At the time of his dealings with McCain , Fournier was not with the wire service , his home for most of his career .
Instead , he was editor - in - chief of a new — now - shuttered — political website Hotsoup.com
Co-founded with such principals as Matthew Dowd , chief strategist for the Bush - Cheney 2004 campaign , and Joe Lockhart , Bill Clinton ’s former press secretary , the bipartisan site was established to discuss and debate hot - button issues with a cast of boldfaced names in politics and pop culture .
The hope was that politically savvy readers would gravitate to the site ’s social networking functions .
But Hotsoup never took flight , and Fournier returned to the AP as online political editor .
( Disclosure : Fournier also spoke with Politico about potential employment before rejoining the AP . )
In a May 2008 shake - up , Fournier was named Washington bureau chief , a post from which he oversees daily campaign coverage and is entrusted to analyze returns and make the final election - night call on the presidential election in November .
When reached by phone Monday , Fournier declined to comment , but referred the matter to AP spokesman Paul Colford , who issued a statement :
“ It is not uncommon for journalists to be approached by political campaigns , elected officials and government agencies about possible job opportunities .
Ron Fournier was approached by the McCain campaign and decided he was n't interested in working for a political campaign , months before he rejoined AP in March 2007 . ”
The revolving door between journalism and partisan politics has turned faster in recent years .
Among the most prominent recent converts is veteran journalist Linda Douglass , who joined Barack Obama 's campaign in May , fresh from reporting on his campaign for National Journal .
Fournier also met privately with McCain in his Senate office in late 2006 , a discussion that Salter maintains was related to that “ Internet thing . ”
An AP spokesman agreed , telling Politico that any “ direct conversations ” with McCain “ were within the context of operating and editing Hotsoup.com . ”
Supporting Salter ’s recollection , an October 2006 press release announcing a partnership between MSNBC and Hotsoup listed several contributors to the site , including McCain , Obama , President Bill Clinton , Hillary Rodham Clinton and Mitt Romney .
Even before Fournier was named bureau chief , some liberal critics asserted that the AP reporter seemed too cozy with McCain .
In April , Fournier and AP reporter Liz Sidoti interviewed McCain in front of a packed audience during the news organization ’s annual meeting , during which they took heat from liberal bloggers for bringing the senator his favorite kind of Dunkin ’ Donuts ( with sprinkles ) .
“ There 's something about this that undermines the notion of objective and detached journalism , ” Steven Benen wrote on Salon the following day .
Taking over the bureau chief position a few weeks later , Fournier quickly pushed changes based around his idea of “ accountability journalism , ” in which reporters are encouraged to adapt a more blunt , interpretive style as a way of “ cutting through the clutter , ” as he recently told Politico .
Fournier and his allies in the wire service say reporters are not to make ideological or partisan judgments but should be allowed to call it like they see it when they see deceptions or hypocrisy among politicians of any stripe .
But liberal critics of the Fournier - influenced style , including writers at Talking Points Memo , allege it has produced coverage that is softer on McCain at the expense of the Democrats .
“ The Associated Press ' fluffing of John McCain is getting almost cartoonish at this point , ” TPM ’s Greg Sargent wrote in a July 9 post about how the wire service reported a story on the senator ’s joke about killing Iranians , but in his opinion , buried the lead .
On July 14 , TPM founder Josh Marshall wrote that Fournier was the reason “ why the premier wire service ’s coverage sucks so bad ” during the 2008 election .
That same day , the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee released a report on the investigations into the death of former football - star - turned - soldier Pat Tillman and the capture of Pvt. Jessica Lynch .
Deep in the 50 - page report was an e-mail between Fournier and Rove , then still at the White House , about the ongoing investigation .
“ How does our country continue to produce men and women like this ? "
Rove asked Fournier .
Fournier responded : " The Lord creates men and women like this all over the world .
But only the great and free countries allow them to flourish .
Keep up the fight . "
In response to the blogosphere uproar over the Rove e-mail , Fournier said he regretted the “ breezy nature of the correspondence . ”
On Media Matters , Eric Alterman wrote that “ Fournier 's suck - up comments to Karl Rove were not evidence of a reporter 's mere ‘ breeziness ’ but of a mind - set that is reflected in Fournier 's and AP 's coverage ; one that has the effect of perverting the truth and misleading AP 's readers . ”
The Rove quote was quickly picked up on numerous left - leaning sites , including The Huffington Post , Daily Kos and Crooks and Liars .
On July 22 , Eric Boehlert wrote a lengthy analysis of Fournier ’s work for Media Matters titled , “ The AP has a Ron Fournier problem . ”
After digging through Lexis - Nexis , Boehlert concluded that the bureau chief ’s “ McCain love runs deep and goes back years . ”
Fournier is an unlikely boogeyman in Washington ’s ideological wars .
Covering presidential campaigns and the Clinton White House for years , he was a consistent news - breaker while maintaining the classic low - profile style of a wire reporter .
In a 2000 profile in The Washington Post , media writer Howard Kurtz described him as among the “ most dogged shoe - leather scribes around , ” but one who “ avoids the spotlight himself . ”
Unlike eight years ago , however , Fournier ’s pieces in this presidential campaign cycle typically have not been straight news .
His hard - hitting “ On Deadline ” columns — in which he described some candidates as flip - floppers and phonies — quickly made the rounds among the online chattering class throughout the primaries .
Powerhouse websites such as the Drudge Report regularly linked to them , with a trickledown effect bringing Fournier ’s ideas down to bloggers .
In previous interviews , Fournier said the pieces were analysis , not opinion .
Among fellow Washington reporters and political operatives , Fournier has been regarded widely as a straight shooter who does n’t wear his politics on his sleeve .
“ I have known Ron for 12 years , and I do n’t have the slightest idea what his politics are , ” said Lockhart , who dealt with Fournier while working in the Clinton White House and , later , in launching Hotsoup .
“ I have never come across someone who plays it down the middle as much as Ron does , ” Lockhart added .
And when asked about why the McCain campaign was interested in bringing Fournier aboard , Salter said that he was a “ very smart guy ” whose 2006 book , “ Applebee ’s America ” — co-written with Dowd and Democratic strategist Doug Sosnik — showed an understanding of modern political campaigns .
“ Could never tell his politics , ” Salter added .
-- Select from Stephen Batchelor 's 221 talks -- VIEW ALL 2005 - 10 - 21 The Life And Death Of Siddhattha Gotama 2007 - 10 - 20 # 1
The Groundless Ground 2007 - 10 - 21 # 2 Going Against The Stream 2007 - 10 - 22 # 3 Turning The Wheel Of Dhamma 2007 - 10 - 23 # 4 Fully Knowing Dukkha 2007 - 10 - 24 # 5
The Undeclared & The Declared 2007 - 10 - 25 # 6 God & Buddhanature 2007 - 10 - 26 # 7
Self & Society 2016 -04 - 12 ' Good Snowflakes : They Don't Fall Anywhere Else ' 2012-03-19 01
What is Secular Buddhism ?
2012-03-21 02 The Four Noble Tasks 2012-03-23 03 A Culture of Awakening 2012-03-11 04 Experience 2012-03-12 05 Namarupa and Consciousness 2012-03-13 06 Dukkha and Tanha 2012-03 - 14 07 Conditionality and The Four 2012-03-15 08 Mara 2012-03-16 09 Stream Entry 2006 - 07 -21 A Democracy of the Imagination 2014 - 04 - 25 A Dry Shit Stick 2014 -07 -23 A Fourfold Task ( Part 1 ) 2014-07 -24 A Fourfold Task ( Part 2 ) 2012-07-21 A Secular Culture of Awakening 2011 - 10 -31 A Secular Religion ?
2013-04-25 A Solar Buddhism 2010 - 04-07 A True Person of No Status 2014 -07 - 22 A Twofold Ground 2015 - 11 - 21 After Buddhism - Afternoon Session 2015 - 11 - 21 After Buddhism - Morning Session 2015 - 07 - 19 An Ethical Life 2011 - 04 -21 An Ordinary Person's Life 2009 - 11-04 Awakening to Life 2007 - 04 - 11 Be An Island Unto Yourself 2006 -07 -16 Birth and Death 2002 - 05 - 20 Buddha and the Devil 2006 - 07 - 20 Buddhanature 2013 -04 - 21 Clearly Visible but Hard to See 2011 - 04 - 17 Coming to Terms with Birth and Death 2010 - 07 - 13 Conditionality 2010 - 11 - 10 Conditioned Arising 2010 - 03-04 Confession of Buddhist Atheist ( Book launch , hosted by Tricycle Magazine and N… 2010 - 03 - 22 Confession of a Buddhist Atheist 2016-07 - 19 Confusion : Reflections on Moha 2006 - 07 - 18 Contingency and Emptiness 2018 -04 - 27 Courage 2006 -04 - 20 Creativity 2010 -03-06 Deconstructing Buddhism 2019 -04-07 Dharma Gates are Numberless 2010 - 10 - 17 Embracing Dukkha 2017-04 -25 Emptiness and Solitude 2002-06-01 Emptiness , Empathy , & Acts 2009 - 11-07
Entering the Stream 2010 - 07 - 15 Entering The Stream 2006 - 07 - 19 Entering the Stream 2010 - 10 - 18 Entering the Stream 2011 - 11 - 04 Entering the Stream 2014 - 07 - 25 Entering the Stream 2015 - 07 - 23 Entering the Stream 2016 - 07 - 21 Enthusiasm : Reflections on ' Right Effort ' 2019 - 07 - 21 Evening Dharma Talk - Nirvana for Everyone 2019 -07 - 25 Evening Dharma Talk - Nirvana , Imagination and Creativity 2019 - 07 - 23 Evening Dharma Talk - Nirvana , McMindfulness and Ethics 2009 - 11-06 Experiencing the Unconditioned 2011 - 11-05 For Love of This World 2015 - 04 - 22 Four Truths , Four Tasks , Four Vows 2009 - 07 - 14 From Place to Ground 2010 - 10 - 16 From Place to Ground 2011 - 11-02 From Place to Ground 2007 - 07 - 14 Go Forth into the World 2006 - 07 - 17 Going Against the Stream 2018 - 04 - 25 Great Doubt 2018 - 04 - 23 Great Faith 2009 - 07 - 17 Healing the Five Clusters 2010 - 10 - 15 How to Hold a Snake 2019 - 04-09 In Praise of Ignorance 2016 - 04 - 13 Instruction - I Do n't Know 2016 - 04 - 15 Instruction - Waiting and Listening 2016 - 04 - 11 Instruction - What is This ?
2014-04-26 Instructions ( day three ) 2015 -07 - 24 Instructions - Behold the Ceasing 2018 - 07 - 27 Instructions - Dwelling in Emptiness 2015 - 04 - 19 Instructions - Dwelling in the Breath 2015 - 07 - 20 Instructions - Fully Embrace Life 2015 - 07 - 22 Instructions - Letting Go of Reactivity 2018 - 07 - 23 Instructions - Letting Go of Reactivity 2015 - 04 - 23 Instructions - Listen and Wait 2014 - 04 - 24 Instructions - Mindfulness of Breath ( day one ) 2018-07 - 25 Instructions - Questioning 2018-07 - 25 Instructions - Questioning 2014 -04 -28 Instructions - Questioning ( day five ) 2015 - 04 - 21 Instructions - What is This ?
2018-04-22 Instructions 1 2018-04-24 Instructions 3 2018-04-26 Instructions 5 2010 -07-11 Introduction to Secular Buddhism 2011 - 07 - 23 Irrigating the Field 2009 - 07 - 15 Mara The Killer 2019 - 07 - 20 Morning Instructions - Meditation as Dwelling on This Earth 2019 - 07 - 24 Morning Instructions -
What is This ?
2013-07 -14 Morning Talk - A Secular Vision 2013 -07 - 16 Morning Talk - Aridity 2013-07 -20 Morning Talk - Buddhist Scepticism ?
2013-07-18 Morning Talk - How to Live a Life Without Opinions 2013-07 - 19 Morning Talk - On Emptiness 2013-07 - 15 Morning Talk - Solitude 2013-07 - 17 Morning Talk - The Ultimate 2011 - 11 - 17 Nama - Rupa and Consciousness Talk 1/4 2011-11-18 Nama - Rupa and Consciousness Talk 2/4 2011-11-19 Nama - Rupa and Consciousness Talk 3/4 2011-11-20 Nama - Rupa Consciousness Talk 4/4 Nama - Rupa Conciencia Charla 4 de 4 2011-10-29 Namarupa and Consciousness 2010 - 10 - 19 Nameform / Consciousness 2014-04-29 Nirvana is Now 2013 - 04 - 19 Opening Talk 2013 -07 - 12 Opening Talk 2010 - 07 -10 Opening Talk for Meditation and Study Retreat 2016 - 04 - 10 Question and Response 2011 - 10 - 29 Questions and Answers about ' Self ' and other topics 2011 - 10 - 29 Questions and Answers about namarupa and consciousness 2012 - 07 - 16 Radical Attention 2016-07 - 17 Reactive or Responsive ?
2014-07-20 Religion , Faith and Belief 2007 - 07 - 12 Rembrandt's Eyes 2017 - 07 - 23 Secular Ethics 2017-07 - 25 Secular Samadhi 2017-07 - 27 Secular Wisdom 2011 - 10 - 29 Self 2010 - 07 - 17 Self and Others 2010 - 10 - 20 Self and Others 2008 - 07 - 11 Self and Society 2015 - 11 - 16 Session 1 The Awakening of the West 2015 - 11 - 16 Session 2 The Solar Buddha 2015 - 11 - 17 Session 3 The Ethical Life 2015 - 11 - 17 Session 4 Complete Vision 2015 - 11 - 18 Session 5 Embracing Life 2015 - 11 - 18 Session 6 Clearly Visable Dharma 2015 - 11-19 Session 7 Dwelling , Pathing , Caring 2015 - 11 - 19 Session 8 Secular Dharma 2015 - 11 - 20 Session 9 After Buddhism 2008-07-06 Siddhattha Gotama 2009 - 07 - 18 Society and Self 2006 - 04 - 16 Spirit of Zen 2008 -03 - 22 Starting All Over Again Part One 2008 -03 - 26 Starting All Over Again Part Three 2008 - 03 - 24 Starting All Over Again Part Two 2010 - 11 - 12 Stream Entry 2011-07 - 22 Stream Entry 2002-06-02 Sublime Contingency 2006 -04 -18 Sudden Awakening 2007 -04 - 12 Ten Pictures of Zen 2010 - 04-03 Ten Thousand Things 2017 -04 - 23 The Art of Solitude 2008 - 07-07 The Awakening 2009 - 11 - 02 The City 2002 - 05 - 30 The Contingent Nature of Consciousness 2002 - 05 - 30 The Cultivation of Intelligence 2015 - 07 - 21 The Elephant 's Footprint 2010 - 07 - 12 The Elephant , the Arrow and the Raft 2012 - 07 - 15 The Everyday Sublime 2014 - 04 - 27 The Everyday Sublime 2012 -07 - 18 The Five Bundles 2011 - 11-03 The Four 2012 - 07 - 19 The Four 2010 - 04-05 The Four Great Vows 2016 - 04 - 14 The Four Great Vows 2010 - 11 - 11 The Four Noble Truths 2011 - 07 - 21 The Four Tasks 2008 - 07-09 The Four Truths 2009 - 07 - 13 The Great Matter of Birth and Death 2008 - 07 - 12 The Great Passing 2007 - 07-08 The Groundless Ground 2012 - 07 - 17 The Hindrances 2005 - 10 - 23 The Life And Death Of Siddhattha Gotama : Awakening 2005 - 10 - 28 The Life And Death Of Siddhattha Gotama : Death 2005 - 10 - 27 The Life And Death Of Siddhattha Gotama : Exile 2005 - 10 - 25 The Life And Death Of Siddhattha Gotama : From Deer Park To Jeta 's Grove 2005 - 10 - 21 The Life And Death Of Siddhattha Gotama : Meditation 2005 - 10 - 22 The Life And Death Of Siddhattha Gotama : Renunciation 2005 - 10 - 26 The Life And Death Of Siddhattha Gotama : Self And Society 2005 - 10 - 24 The Life And Death Of Siddhattha Gotama : The First And Second Sermons 2009 - 11-05 The Middle Way 2010 - 07 - 16 The Middle Way 2008 - 07-08 The Middle Way 2011 - 07 - 20 The Middle Way 2019 - 04 - 11 The Middle Way 2002 - 06-01 The Nature of Cessation 2002 - 05 - 31 The Nature of Fixation 2011 - 07 - 19 The Noble Quest 2011 - 07 - 18 The Parable of the Ancient City 2018 - 07 - 24 The Parable of the Arrow 2010 - 11 - 13 The Parable of the City 2018 - 07 - 26 The Parable of the City 2018 - 07 - 22 The Parable of the Raft 2017 - 04 - 27 The Paradox of Solitude 2012 - 04-07 The Phenomenology of Meditation ( Part One ) 2012-04-09 The Phenomenology of Meditation ( Part Two ) 2009 - 11-03 The Poisoned Arrow 2014 - 07 - 26 The Practice of Philosophy 2009 - 10 - 31 The Secular Buddha 2005 - 10 - 08 The Secular Buddha - 1 2005 - 10-08 The Secular Buddha - 2 2015-04-20 The Strangeness of Things 2007 - 04-09 The True Person of No Status 2008 - 07- 10 The Tyrant and the Monk 2011 - 11 - 07 Toward a Secular Buddhism 2014 - 07 - 21 Tread the Path with Care 2009 - 04 - 13 True Person of No Status 2010 - 07 - 14 Turning The Wheel 2007 - 07 - 10 Turning the Wheel 2009 - 07 - 16 Turning the Wheel of the Dhamma 2011 - 07 - 17 Two Metaphors : The Snake and the Raft 2009 - 04 - 15 Unholy Emptiness 2010 - 10 - 14 Unlearning Buddhism 2002 -05 - 29 Verses from the Center , Opening Talk , Meditation Instructions 2015 - 04 - 24 We Had the Experience But Missed the Meaning 2010 - 11-09 What is Secular Buddhism 2011 - 11-01 Whatever Arises and Ceases 2011 - 04 - 19 Where the Mind has Nowhere to Rest 2009 - 04 - 11 Why did Bodhidamma Come From the West ?
2013-04-23 Your Original Face 2007-04-07
Zen is not a Finished Product
MADRID ( Reuters ) - Spain ’s parliament voiced its support on Wednesday for the rights of great apes to life and freedom in what will apparently be the first time any national legislature has called for such rights for non-humans .
An ape looks out from a cage at a sanctuary outside Madrid in this June 15 , 2006 file photo .
REUTERS / Susana Vera / Files
Parliament ’s environmental committee approved resolutions urging Spain to comply with the Great Apes Project , devised by scientists and philosophers who say our closest genetic relatives deserve rights hitherto limited to humans .
“ This is a historic day in the struggle for animal rights and in defense of our evolutionary comrades , which will doubtless go down in the history of humanity , ” said Pedro Pozas , Spanish director of the Great Apes Project .
Spain may be better known abroad for bull - fighting than animal rights but the new measures are the latest move turning once - conservative Spain into a liberal trailblazer .
Spain did not legalize divorce until the 1980s , but Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero ’s Socialist government has legalized gay marriage , reduced the influence of the Catholic Church in education and set up an Equality Ministry .
The new resolutions have cross-party or majority support and are expected to become law and the government is now committed to update the statute book within a year to outlaw harmful experiments on apes in Spain .
“ We have no knowledge of great apes being used in experiments in Spain , but there is currently no law preventing that from happening , ” Pozas said .
Keeping apes for circuses , television commercials or filming will also be forbidden and breaking the new laws will become an offence under Spain ’s penal code .
Keeping an estimated 315 apes in Spanish zoos will not be illegal , but supporters of the bill say conditions will need to improve drastically in 70 percent of establishments to comply with the new law .
Philosophers Peter Singer and Paola Cavalieri founded the Great Ape Project in 1993 , arguing that “ non-human hominids ” like chimpanzees , gorillas , orang - utans and bonobos should enjoy the right to life , freedom and not to be tortured .
That the warrior survived the arrow ’s strike for even a short time was remarkable .
The triple - barbed arrowhead , probably launched by an opponent on horseback , shattered bone below his right eye and lodged firmly in his flesh .
The injury was n’t the man ’s first brush with death .
In his youth he had survived a glancing sword blow that fractured the back of his skull .
This injury was different .
The man was probably begging for death , says Michael Schultz , a paleopathologist at the University of Göttingen .
Holding the victim ’s skull in one hand and a replica of the deadly arrow in the other , Schultz paints a picture of a crude operation that took place on the steppes of Siberia 2,600 years ago .
“ The man was crying , ‘ Help me , ’ ” Schultz­ says .
Thin cuts on the bone show how his companions cut away his cheek , then used a small saw to remove pieces of bone , but to no avail .
Pointing to a crack in the skull , he describes the next agonizing step :
An ancient surgeon smashed into the bone with a chisel in a final , futile effort to free the arrowhead .
“ Hours or a day later , the man died , ” Schultz says .
“ It was torture . ”
The slain warrior ’s remains were found in 2003 , buried with those of 40 others in a massive kurgan , or grave mound , in southern Siberia at a site that archaeologists call Arzhan 2 .
To find out more about the lives and deaths of these ancient people , Schultz has spent years teasing out the secrets of their bones , using techniques like those employed at crime scenes .
In April he announced the results of his research on the wounded warrior .
His body , Schultz says , bore some of the earliest evidence of battlefield surgery .
( Prior to this announcement , in October 2007 , Schultz had reported a finding on a prince buried at the center of the Arzhan 2 mound .
Using a scanning electron microscope , Schultz found signs of prostate cancer in the prince ’s skeleton .
This is the earliest documentation of the disease . )
The Arzhan 2 skeletons , which belong to warrior - nomads the ancient Greeks called Scythians , are part of a spectacular series of finds in remote sites in central Asia .
One of the discoveries dates back to the 1940s when mummies were found in the Altai Mountains , which run through Siberia and Mongolia .
Later , after the fall of the Soviet Union , when some of the sites became more accessible for excavation , the pace of Scythian - related discoveries picked up .
The warrior skeleton Schultz is talking about , for example , was found on a plain not far from the 1940s discovery .
More recently , other well - preserved mummies — not skeletons — have been found at altitudes of 8,000 feet in the valleys of the Altai Mountains .
Still other discoveries have been made on the coast of the Black Sea and the edge of China .
Together , the evidence illuminates aspects of the Scythians ’ unusual culture , from tattooing warriors to creating intricate metalwork .
Never constituting an empire , the Scythians were a network of culturally similar tribes that ranged from Siberia to Egypt almost 3,000 years ago and faded away around A.D. 100 .
The Greek historian Herodotus describes the Scythians as murderous nomads .
As for how the Scythians — who did not have a written language — perceived themselves , only their artifacts and human remains are left to speak for them .
For Hermann Parzinger , the 49 - year - old German archaeologist who excavated the tombs of the wounded warrior and the cancerous prince , the Scythians have been an obsession .
Even so , he and his Russian colleague Konstantin Chugonov were surprised to find that the grave mound contained the bodies of 26 men and women , most of them apparently executed to follow the ruler into the afterlife .
One woman ’s skull had been pierced four times with a war pick ; another man ’s skull still had splinters in it from the wooden club used to kill him .
The skeletons of 14 horses were arranged in the grave .
More impressive was the discovery of 5,600 gold objects , including an intricate necklace weighing three pounds and a cloak studded with 2,500 small gold panthers .
After the Arzhan 2 finds , Parzinger — who until this year headed the German Archaeological Institute — was tantalized by the possibility of finding a well - preserved mummy that would give archaeologists and pathologists insights into the Scythian culture that bare skeletons never could .
“ High in the mountains , you can find remains in a preserved condition that just does n’t exist in other places , ” Parzinger , now head of the Prussian Cultural Heritage Foundation in Berlin , says .
“ Instead of archaeology , it ’s a kind of ethnography . ”
In the summer of 2006 , his search took him to a windswept plain in the Altai Mountain range that is peppered with Scythian grave mounds .
Parzinger worried that mummies in the highlands may not be around much longer , as global warming reverses the chill that has preserved them for millennia .
A team of Russian geophysicists had surveyed the area in 2005 , using ground - penetrating radar to look for telltale underground ice .
Their data suggested that four mounds could contain some sort of frozen tomb .
Parzinger assembled 28 researchers from Mongolia , Germany , and Russia to open the mounds , on the banks of the Olon - Kurin - Gol River in Mongolia .
The first two mounds took three weeks to excavate and yielded nothing significant .
A third had been cleaned out by grave robbers centuries earlier .
The radar data for the fourth mound — barely a bump on the plain , just a few feet high and 40 feet across — were ambiguous at best .
But a thrill went through the team as they dug into it .
Buried under four and a half feet of stone and earth was a felt - lined chamber made of larch logs .
Inside was a warrior in full regalia , his body partially mummified by the frozen ground .
Researchers recovered the mummy intact , along with his clothes , weapons , tools , and even the meal intended to sustain him in the afterlife .
He shared his grave with two horses in full harness , slaughtered and arranged facing northeast .
Mongolia ’s president lent the team his personal helicopter to shuttle the finds to a lab in the country ’s capital , Ulaanbaatar .
The mummy ’s body spent a year in Germany ; his clothes and gear are at a lab in Novosibirsk , Russia .
Before Parzinger opened his grave , the warrior had lain for more than 2,000 years on an ice lens , a sheet of ice created by water seeping through the grave and freezing against the permafrost below .
The mummy “ had been dehydrated , or desiccated , by the ice in the grave , ” Schultz says .
Scythian mummies show signs of primitive embalming : Internal organs were removed and replaced with grasses , for instance .
The combination of ice and intentional preservation resulted in remarkably resilient specimens .
When Schultz shows me the mummy , housed in the same lab as the skeleton of the wounded warrior , the temperature is a comfortable 70 degrees , and sunlight streams onto its leathery flesh .
The mummy ’s facial features were destroyed .
But in this instance — unlike the case of the wounded warrior skeleton — the destruction was inflicted by nature .
When the ice lens formed under the burial chamber , it expanded upward .
“ The extent of the ice was so high , the body was pressed against the logs on the ceiling and smashed , ” Schultz says .
The skull shattered , making facial reconstruction impossible .
His chest , too , was crushed .
Still , a lot can be learned .
“ You can establish a kind of biography from the body , ” Schultz says .
He notes that the mummy ’s teeth are surrounded by pitted bone — evidence of painful gum disease , probably the result of a diet rich in meat and dairy but lacking in fruits and vegetables .
Between 60 and 65 years old when he died , the man was slim and just about 5 feet 2 inches .
At some point he had broken his left arm , perhaps in a fall .
His vertebrae show signs of osteo­arthritis from years of pounding in the saddle .
Badly worn arm and shoulder joints testify to heavy use .
“ That kind of osteo­arthritis and joint damage is very characteristic if you handle wild horses , ” Schultz says .
The clues reinforce what Parzinger and others have suspected :
He belonged to the Scythians , a seminomadic culture that once dominated the steppes of Siberia , central Asia , and eastern Europe .
Beginning around 800 B.C. , the Scythians thundered across the central Asian steppes , and within a few generations , their art and culture had spread far beyond the steppes of central Asia .
The Scythians ’ exploits struck fear into the hearts of the ancient Greeks and Persians .
Herodotus wrote about their violent burial customs , including human sacrifice ( which the Arzhan 2 find tends to confirm ) and drug - fueled rituals .
He speculated that they came from mountains far to the east , in the “ land of the gold - guarding griffins . ”
Archaeologists say the Scythians ’ Bronze
Age ancestors were livestock breeders living in the highlands where modern - day Russia , Mongolia , China , and Kazakhstan intersect .
Then “ something changed , ” Par­zinger says .
Beginning around 1000 B.C. , a wetter climate may have created grassy steppes that could support huge herds of horses , sheep , and goats .
People took to horseback to follow the roaming herds .
Around 800 B.C. , all traces of settlements vanish from the archaeological record .
Archaeologists usually draw their clues from ordinary artifacts and human remains , so while the grave gold from the nomadic Scythians is sumptuous , the real prize is the ancient people themselves .
A century of digging at lower altitudes and in the warm Ukrainian plains rarely yielded more than skeletons or jewelry .
In the late 1940s , Soviet archaeologist Sergei Rudenko traveled to the Pazyryk region of the Altai Mountains and made some stunning finds .
Richly appointed wooden chambers contained well - preserved mummies , their skin covered in elaborate , twisting animal tattoos .
Their brains , intestines , and other organs had been removed and the corpses sewn up with horsehair .
The dead had been dressed , armed , and laid to rest in chambers lined with felt blankets , wool carpets , and slaughtered horses .
In 1992 Russian archaeologists began a new search for ice lenses — and mummies .
Natalya Polosmak , an archaeologist in Novosibirsk , discovered the coffin of an elaborately tattooed “ ice princess ” with clothes of Chinese silk at Ak - Alakha , another site in the Altai Mountains .
Other finds in this area included a burial chamber with two coffins .
One coffin contained a man , the other a woman armed with a dagger , war pick , bow , and arrow - filled quiver .
She wore trousers instead of a skirt .
The find lent credence to some scholars ’ suggestions of a link between the Scythians and the legendary Amazons .
In the early 1990s , just a few miles from that site , Parzinger ’s partner Vyacheslav Molodin uncovered the more modest mummy of a young , blond warrior .
The burial style resembled that of Parzinger ’s mummy , the one found at the Olon - Kurin - Gol River whose face was crushed by ice .
Parzinger fears global warming may soon put an end to the search for Scythians .
Rudenko ’s dig diaries contain reports of weather far colder than what modern archaeologists experience in the Altai .
“ When you read descriptions from the 1940s and compare them with the climate of today , you do n’t need to be a scientist to see there ’s been a change , ” Parzinger says .
Geographer Frank Lehmkuhl from the University of Aachen in Germany has been studying lake levels in the Altai region for a decade .
“ According to our research , the glaciers are retreating and the lake levels are rising , ” Lehmkuhl says .
With no increase in the region ’s rainfall , the change “ can only come from melting permafrost and glaciers . ”
As the permafrost thaws , the ice that has preserved the Scythian mummies for so many centuries will thaw too .
In the Olon - Kurin - Gol grave , the ice that once crushed the mummy against the roof of the burial chamber had receded nine inches by the time the chamber was opened .
Within a few decades , the ice lenses may be completely gone .
“ Right now we ’re facing a rescue archaeology situation , ” Parzinger says .
“ It ’s hard to say how much longer these graves will be there . ”
Hopefully , you do n’t have any credit accounts that are in default .
But , some of you may have recently seen the light about changing your finances , and now you ’re trying to clean up your past .
Part of that cleaning up may involve dealing with bill collectors .
Bill collectors have one of the worst jobs in the world .
It is their job to collect money from people that do n’t have any money .
Collectors have made a very bad name for themselves in the past few decades , because they have been known for their harsh collection practices .
In fact , their treatment of customers was so bad , that it spawned a federal act to be drafted called the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act .
This act gave more rights to the consumer and restricted collection agencies from certain practices .
It basically stopped collection agencies from acting like monsters and gave consumers a legal argument against the way bill collectors treated them .
If you are not familiar with this act , please click on the link above and read about your rights as a consumer and the rules and regulations that collectors must follow in order to fairly collect the debt you owe .
There are many different types of bill collectors out there .
There are collectors who work for the company collecting the debt , collectors who work for a third - party agency trying to collect the debt for a certain company , and collectors who buy old debt and try to collect it to make a profit .
Each collector has their own style for collecting a debt .
You need to make sure that their style does not violate the regulations set for in the FDCP Act .
Staff Collection Representatives :
You will typically find that staff collectors are a little easier to work with than the other two types of collectors .
They need to represent the company in a good way , and they might be willing to work with you to set up a fair debt collection plan .
If the debt is between six to twelve months delinquent , then you ’ll typically deal with a staff collector for major credit card companies , mortgage companies , and other secured debt like a car loan .
These people will be firm on what they want to collect from you , and they will be reluctant to settle for less than the debt is worth .
It ’s extremely tough to settle for a percentage of a debt that is less than a year old .
However , you can usually work out a payment plan with staff collectors .
This is not to say that you wo n’t find bad seeds .
Sears credit agency has been notorious for having very harsh collection practices .
Third - Party Collection Agencies : Again , you ’ll run into these collectors when the debt has n’t been delinquent for very long .
Many credit card companies , cell phone companies , and utilities companies will pay a third - party to handle their debt collection .
It ’s important to remember that the debt is still owned by the original company that you owe money to , but a third - party is acting to collect the debt on their behalf .
I ’ve found that these collectors can be a little more pushy and rude than staff collectors .
They will abide by the FDCP
Act for the most part , but they tend to push the limits .
They are usually reluctant to work with you .
They ’ll accept your partial payments , but they ’ll rarely work out a payment plan with you in writing .
Primary Collection Agencies :
If you find yourself in a situation trying to negotiate with a primary collection agent , then you most likely forgot that you owed money or really let your debts go for a long time .
Typically , when a delinquent debt gets to the three , four , or five year mark , companies will sell off their old debts for pennies on the dollar to these collection companies .
These are the bottom feeders of the industry .
Do n’t ever believe a word that comes out of their mouth .
They will definitely push the limits when it comes to their style of coercing you into paying the debt .
They are typically pushy and rude .
However , if you play your cards right and deal with how rude they will come across , you may be able to work out a settlement with them .
If they bought the debt for 25 cents on the dollar , then they are probably willing to accept 50 cents on the dollar as a settlement .
But , they wo n’t agree to this right away .
You have to really do a good job of convincing them that you do n’t have the money or assets to pay the debt in full .
Things To Remember When Dealing With Debt Collectors
Always get agreements in writing .
If you make any agreements or deals with a debt collector , make them put it in writing , or else you might as well not consider the deal .
All types of collectors are notorious for breaking their word , and people get burned all the time thinking that collectors will stick to what they verbally agreed to in terms of collecting a debt .
Never allow electronic access to your checking account .
If you give a collector electronic access , they will wipe your bank account clean until they ’ve received the full balance of the debt .
Even if they say that they wo n’t do it , they will .
Never let a collector bully you into paying a debt .
You hold the checkbook , so you set the terms of repaying the debt .
They will try everything in the book .
They will try to make you feel like a horrible person for being delinquent .
If they ever threaten you in any way , hang up immediately and write them a letter stating that you will sue them for a violation of the FDCP
Act if they do not abide by its rules .
Send the letter by certified mail .
The moral and ethical thing to do is pay off all old debts .
However , if you truly do n’t have the money , then you do n’t have the money .
Do n’t ever pay an old debt when it means that you wo n’t be able to feed your family for the month or pay your mortgage / rent .
They took on the risk by extending you credit , so always pay for necessities first , then anything extra goes towards paying off outstanding debts .
If you have any other questions about a specific situation , you can contact me to discuss it .
Ahmed Bilal is a business consultant and entrepreneur who helps businesses identify and overcome their biggest challenges .
He 's the founder of Football Media , an online advertising agency that specialises in sports and male audience targeting , with a monthly reach of 100 m + sports fans in the UK and US .
He 's also the owner of Soccerlens.com - a sports news site that reaches 3 m + readers / month .
As a consultant and business optimisation expert , Ahmed has worked with hundreds of businesses to increase revenues , driving more traffic to their sites , in online reputation management , improving sales funnels , building internal systems that help companies scale , and in connecting brands with key industry influencers .
Read more about Ahmed Bilal .
What ’s up with oil prices ?
Well , it ’s not speculators , and there ’s no relief in sight , meaning at least five more years of high prices with no easy fixes .
The ugly truth ?
Peak oil is n’t fringe anymore — it ’s going mainstream .
That ’s the reading from the latest oil market report from the International Energy Agency , the rich - country energy watchdog .
The IEA ’s latest x-ray of the oil market includes plenty of disturbing nuggets .
The ...
Talk to a domain expert : 1-303-893-0552
Hurry - once it 's sold this opportunity will be gone !
Besides being memorable , .com domains are unique :
This is the one and only .com name of its kind .
Other extensions usually just drive traffic to their .com counterparts .
To learn more about premium .com domain valuations , watch the video below :
Turbocharge your Web site .
Watch our video to learn how .
Improves Your Web Presence
Get noticed online with a great domain name 73 % of all domains registered on the Web are .coms .
The reason is simple : .com is the where most of Web traffic happens .
Owning a premium .com gives you great benefits including better SEO , name recognition , and providing your site with a sense of authority .
Here 's What Others Are Saying Since 2005 , we 've helped thousands of people get the perfect domain name Price is hard to negotiate XD - Simon , 3/23/2020
Price is hard to negotiate XD - Simon , 3/23/2020 Good and Fast - Tony Yu ,
3/18/2020
Good and Fast - Tony Yu ,
3/18/2020 I Love It !
Fast and easy got my business domain and affordable payments .
- Sherri Lynn Streight ,
3/17/2020
I Love It !
Fast and easy got my business domain and affordable payments .
- Sherri Lynn Streight , 3/17/2020
More testimonials
Last updated at 12:28 02 May 2008
Pretty boy : A sculpted head of Akhenaten shows his elongated features
One of ancient Egypt 's greatest kings had a strikingly feminine body shape even though he fathered at least half a dozen children possibly including Tutankhamun .
Images of Akhenaten , who introduced monotheism to Egypt and died more than 33 centuries ago , suggest that the pharaoh had breasts and wide hips were due to a genetic disorder , scientists were told today .
The pharoah 's female form was due to a genetic mutation that caused his body to convert an excessive number of its male hormones to female hormones , Dr. Irwin Braverman was due to tell a conference on the deaths of historic figures .
Akhenaten 's head was also misshapen - because of a condition in which skull bones fuse at an early age .
The husband of famous queen Nefertiti , Akhenaten was Tutankhamun 's predecessor on the throne of Egypt in the mid-1300s B.C. - and either his father or his uncle .
Dr. Braverman , from Yale University , analysed statues and carvings of Akhenaten for the annual conference at the University of Maryland School of Medicine .
The pharaoh had " an androgynous appearance .
He had a female physique with wide hips and breasts , but he was male and he was fertile and he had six daughters , " the physician said .
" But nevertheless , he looked like he had a female physique . "
This was largely due to familial gynecomastia , a hereditary condition that leads to the overproduction of oestrogen , he said .
Scroll down for more ...
Pharoah of them all : Akhenaten 's womanly curves are clearly depicted in this relief
U.S. Egyptologist Donald B. Redford backed Dr. Braverman 's belief that Akhenaten had Marfan syndrome , a genetic disorder marked by lengthened features , including fingers and the face .
Visits to clinics that treat those with the condition had strengthened his conviction , said Professor Redford , " but this is very subjective , I must admit . "
Others have theorised that Akhenaten had Froehlich 's Syndrome , which causes feminine fat distribution .
But it also causes sterility , which does n't fit Akhenaten .
Dr. Braverman said determining whether he is right could easily be done if Egyptologists can confirm which mummy is Akhenaten 's and if the Egyptian government agrees to DNA analysis on the remains .
" I 'm hoping that after we have this conference and I bring this up , maybe the Egyptologists who work on these things all the time … will be stimulated to look , " he said .
Previous conferences have examined the deaths of Edgar Allan Poe , Alexander the Great , Mozart , Florence Nightingale and others .
Bayesian theory in New Scientist May 29 , 2008
Is this a unified theory of the brain ?
From issue 2658 of New Scientist magazine , 28 May 2008 , page 30 - 33
Gregory T. Huang
The quest to understand the most complex object in the known universe has been a long and fruitful one .
These days we know a good deal about how the human brain works – how our senses translate into electrical signals , how different parts of the brain process these signals , how memories form and how muscles are controlled .
We know which brain regions are active when we listen to speech , look at paintings or barter over money .
We are even starting to understand the deeper neural processes behind learning and decision - making .
What we still do n’t have , though , is a way to bring all these pieces together to create an overarching theory of how the brain works .
Despite decades of research , neuroscientists have never been able to produce their own equivalent of Schrödinger ’s equation in quantum mechanics or Einstein ’s E=mc2 – a powerful , concise , mathematical law that encapsulates how the brain works .
Nor do they have a plausible road map towards a “ theory of everything ” , like string theory in physics .
Surely if we can get so close to explaining the universe , the human brain ca n’t be that hard to crack ?
Perhaps it is .
The brain is much messier than a physical system .
It is the product of half a billion years of evolution .
It performs myriad functions – reasoning , memory , perception , learning , attention and emotion to name just a few – and uses a staggering number of different types of cells , connections and receptors .
So it does not lend itself to being easily described by simple mathematical laws .
That has n’t stopped researchers in the growing field of computational neuroscience from trying .
In recent years , they have sought to develop unifying ideas about how the brain processes information so that they can apply them to the design of intelligent machines .
Until now none of their ideas has been general or testable enough to arouse much excitement in straight neuroscience .
But a group from University College London ( UCL ) may have broken the deadlock .
Neuroscientist Karl Friston and his colleagues have proposed a mathematical law that some are claiming is the nearest thing yet to a grand unified theory of the brain .
From this single law , Friston ’s group claims to be able to explain almost everything about our grey matter .
It ’s a controversial claim , but one that ’s starting to make people sit up and take notice .
Friston ’s work has made Stanislas Dehaene , a noted neuroscientist and psychologist at the College of France in Paris , change his mind about whether a Schrödinger equation for the brain might exist .
Like most neuroscientists , Dehaene had been pessimistic – but not any more .
“ It is the first time that we have had a theory of this strength , breadth and depth in cognitive neuroscience , ” he says .
Friston ’s ideas build on an existing theory known as the “ Bayesian brain ” , which conceptualises the brain as a probability machine that constantly makes predictions about the world and then updates them based on what it senses .
The idea was born in 1983 , when Geoffrey Hinton of the University of Toronto in Canada and Terry Sejnowski , then at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore , Maryland , suggested that the brain could be seen as a machine that makes decisions based on the uncertainties of the outside world .
In the 1990s , other researchers proposed that the brain represents knowledge of the world in terms of probabilities .
Instead of estimating the distance to an object as a number , for instance , the brain would treat it as a range of possible values , some more likely than others .
A crucial element of the approach is that the probabilities are based on experience , but they change when relevant new information , such as visual information about the object ’s location , becomes available .
“ The brain is an inferential agent , optimising its models of what ’s going on at this moment and in the future , ” says Friston .
In other words , the brain runs on Bayesian probability .
Named after the 18th - century mathematician Thomas Bayes , this is a systematic way of calculating how the likelihood of an event changes as new information comes to light ( see New Scientist , 10 May , p 44 , for more on Bayesian theory ) .
Over the past decade , neuroscientists have found that real brains seem to work in this way .
In perception and learning experiments , for example , people tend to make estimates – of the location or speed of a moving object , say – in a way that fits with Bayesian probability theory .
There ’s also evidence that the brain makes internal predictions and updates them in a Bayesian manner .
When you listen to someone talking , for example , your brain is n’t simply receiving information , it also predicts what it expects to hear and constantly revises its predictions based on what information comes next .
These predictions strongly influence what you actually hear , allowing you , for instance , to make sense of distorted or partially obscured speech .
In fact , making predictions and re-evaluating them seems to be a universal feature of the brain .
At all times your brain is weighing its inputs and comparing them with internal predictions in order to make sense of the world .
“ It ’s a general computational principle that can explain how the brain handles problems ranging from low - level perception to high - level cognition , ” says Alex Pouget , a computational neuroscientist at the University of Rochester in New York ( Trends in Neurosciences , vol 27 , p 712 ) .
However , the Bayesian brain is not quite a general law .
It is a collection of related approaches that each use Bayesian probability theory to understand one aspect of brain function , such as parsing speech , recognising objects or learning words .
No one has been able to pull all these disparate approaches together , nor explain why the brain works like this in the first place .
An overarching law , if one exists , should attempt to do this .
This is where Friston ’s work comes in .
In the 1990s he was working next door to Hinton at UCL .
At that time Hinton was beginning to explore the concept of “ free energy ” as it applies to artificial neural networks .
Free energy originates from thermodynamics and statistical mechanics , where it is defined as the amount of useful work that can be extracted from a system , such as a steam engine .
It is roughly equivalent to the difference between the total energy in the system and its “ useless energy ” , or entropy .
Hinton realised that free energy was mathematically equivalent to a problem he was familiar with : the difference between the predictions made by an artificial neural network and what it actually senses .
He showed that you could solve some tough problems in machine learning by treating this “ prediction error ” as free energy , and then minimising it .
Friston spent the next few years working out whether the same concept could underlie the workings of real brains .
His insight was that the constant updating of the brain ’s probabilities could also be expressed in terms of minimising free energy .
Around 2005 he proposed that a “ free energy principle ” explains at least one aspect of brain function – sensory perception .
As a simple example , take what happens when you glimpse an object in your peripheral vision .
At first it is not clear what it is – or , as Friston would put it , there ’s a big error between your brain ’s prediction and what it senses .
To reduce this prediction error , Friston reasoned that one of two things can happen : the brain can either change its prediction or change the way it gathers data from the environment ( Journal of Physiology – Paris , vol 100 , p 70 ) .
If your brain takes the second option you will instinctively turn your head and centre the object in your field of view .
“ It ’s about minimising surprise , ” he explains .
“ Mathematically , free energy is always bigger than surprise , therefore if you can minimise free energy you can avoid surprising encounters with the world . ”
Friston developed the free - energy principle to explain perception , but he now thinks it can be generalised to other kinds of brain processes as well .
He claims that everything the brain does is designed to minimise free energy or prediction error ( Synthese , vol 159 , p 417 ) .
“ In short , everything that can change in the brain will change to suppress prediction errors , from the firing of neurons to the wiring between them , and from the movements of our eyes to the choices we make in daily life , ” he says .
Take neural plasticity , the well - established idea that the brain alters its internal pathways and connections with experience .
First proposed by Canadian psychologist Donald Hebb in the 1940s , it is thought to be the basic mechanism behind learning and memory .
Friston ’s principle accounts for the process by describing how individual neurons interact after encountering a novel stimulus .
Neuron A “ predicts ” that neuron B will respond to the stimulus in a certain way .
If the prediction is wrong , neuron A changes the strength of its connection to neuron B to decrease the prediction error .
In this case the brain changes its internal predictions until it minimises its error , and learning or memory forming is the result .
All well and good in theory , but how can we know whether real brains actually work this way ?
To answer this question , Friston and others have focused on the cortex , the 3 - millimetre - thick mass of convoluted folds that forms the brain ’s outer surface .
This is the seat of “ higher ” functions such as cognition , learning , perception and language .
It has a distinctive anatomy : a hierarchy of neuronal layers , each of which has connections to neurons in the other levels .
Friston created a computer simulation of the cortex with layers of “ neurons ” passing signals back and forth .
Signals going from higher to lower levels represent the brain ’s internal predictions , while signals going the other way represent sensory input .
As new information comes in , the higher neurons adjust their predictions according to Bayesian theory .
This may seem awfully abstract , but there ’s a concrete reason for doing it : it tells Friston what patterns of activity to look for in real brains .
Last year Friston ’s group used functional magnetic resonance imaging to examine what is going on in the cortex during a visual task ( NeuroImage , vol 34 , p 1199 ) .
Volunteers watched two sets of moving dots , which sometimes moved in synchrony and at others more randomly , to change the predictability of the stimulus .
The patterns of brain activity matched Friston ’s model of the visual cortex reasonably well .
He argues that this supports the idea that top - down signals are indeed sent downstream to reduce prediction errors .
More recently , Friston ’s team has shown that signals from higher levels of the auditory cortex are responsible for modifying brain activity in lower levels as people listen to repeated and predictable sounds ( Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , vol 104 , p 20961 ) .
This , too , fits with Friston ’s model of top - down minimisation of prediction error .
Despite these successes , some in the Bayesian brain camp are n’t buying the grand theory just yet .
They say it is hard to know whether Friston ’s results are ground - breaking or just repackaged old concepts – but they do n’t say he ’s wrong .
Others say the free - energy principle is not falsifiable .
“ I do not think it is testable , and I am pretty sure it does not tell you how to build a machine which emulates some aspect of intelligence , ” says theoretical neuroscientist Tomaso Poggio of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Friston disagrees , pointing out that there are experiments that would definitively test whether or not a given population of neurons is minimising prediction error .
He proposes knocking out a higher region of the cortex – using transcranial magnetic stimulation , say – and seeing whether free - energy models can predict how the activity of a lower region of neurons would change in response .
Several groups are planning experiments along these lines , but they need to work out exactly which neurons to target .
“ This would , I think , be an aspect of the theory that could be proved or falsified , ” says Thomas Wennekers , a computational neuroscientist at the University of Plymouth in the UK .
Meanwhile , Friston claims that the free - energy principle also gives plausible explanations for other important features of the cortex .
These include “ adaptation ” effects , in which neurons stop firing after prolonged exposure to a stimulus like a rattling fan , so after a while you do n’t hear it .
It also explains other phenomena : patterns of mirror - neuron activation that reflect the brain ’s responses to watching someone else make a movement ; basic communication patterns between neurons that might underlie how we think ; and even the hierarchical anatomy of the cortex itself .
Friston ’s results have earned praise for bringing together so many disparate strands of neuroscience .
“ It is quite certainly the most advanced conceptual framework regarding an application of these ideas to brain function in general , ” says Wennekers .
Marsel Mesulam , a cognitive neurologist from Northwestern University in Chicago , adds : “ Friston ’s work is pivotal .
It resonates entirely with the sort of model that I would like to see emerge . ”
So where will the search for a unified theory of the brain go from here ?
Friston ’s free - energy principle clearly is n’t the ultimate theory yet it remains to be tested fully and needs to produce more predictions of how real brains behave .
If all goes well , though , the outcome will be a concise mathematical law of brain function , perhaps something as brief and iconic as E=mc2 .
“ The final equation you write on a T - shirt will be quite simple , ” Friston predicts .
On a more practical level , he says the approach will change our concepts of how the brain works and could help us understand the deeper mechanisms of psychological disorders , especially those thought to be caused by faulty connections in the cortex , such as schizophrenia .
It could also shine a light on bigger questions such as the nature of human consciousness .
There ’s work still to be done , but for now Friston ’s is the most promising approach we ’ve got .
“ It will take time to spin off all of the consequences of the theory – but I take that property as a sure sign that this is a very important theory , ” says Dehaene .
“ Most other models , including mine , are just models of one small aspect of the brain , very limited in their scope .
This one falls much closer to a grand theory . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
UK Firm ITM
Power has developed a way of making hydrogen at home to fuel a car .
Chief executive Jim Heathcoate says it has made a new type of plastic for the production process .
ITM believes the plastic could be mass produced relatively cheaply and would allow people to create the gas at home using their normal electric supply or greener sources such as solar power .
However , some industry experts have said that electric power and not hydrogen could be more cost effective and energy efficient .
They have also questioned how safe it is to create fuel at home .
This is my keyboard .
It 's just a few months shy of 22 years old , and I use it every day .
The first thing that may strike you about the Model M is the layout :
It 's so normal .
There 's no pesky " Windows " key here ; nor are there buttons to turn your computer off , play a CD , or start your car .
Just the basics , as IBM defined them 24 years ago .
Some would say its only flaw is the prominent placement of the Caps Lock key ( in lieu of " control " on earlier keyboards ) .
But it 's a minor error compared with the modern keyboard 's multitude of sins .
Tuesday , 15 Jul , 2008 Environment
With the growing demand for food , biofuels and wood , deforestation is almost inevitable , the Rights and Resources Initiative report says .
According to the latest report , the 515 million hectares of extra land is needed by 2030 and only 200 million hectares is available now .
The RRI report calls for reforming of land ownership in developing countries .
" Arguably , we are on the verge of a last great global land grab , " said Andy White , co-author of the report called Seeing People through the Trees .
" It will mean more deforestation , more conflict , more carbon emissions , more climate change and less prosperity for everyone . "
The cities analysis showed that the food demand will continue to grow and additional land needed to meet this demand may reach three billion hectares .
Today nearly 1.4 billion hectares of arable land and about 3.4 billion hectares of pasture are available .
Scientists hope to find solution through the development of the new agricultural technologies such genetic engineering to increase crop harvest .
However , little has changes so far and in some regions the climate changes caused yields to fall .
In spite of the fact , that destruction of the forests is needed to create extra land to solve the food crisis , this initiative will likely aggravate the situation with the climate change , such as the increased greenhouse gas emissions .
The RRI report calls for a new reform to prevent destruction of tropical forests and protect the property rights of native communities .
The food and fuel crisis will lead to land speculations in developing countries and unless the problem of the ownership is solved , the environmental changes and violent conflicts are expected .
Powered by www.infoniac.com
About
Koshiro Torisu is an animator and director who was born in Tokyo , Japan and graduated with an Associate of Applied Arts Degree in Visual Communications from The Art Institute of Seattle in 1998 ...
Beggin ' Strips
Beggin ' Strips are bacon - shaped , bacon - flavored treats for dogs .
In the commercial a dog runs around the house like a maniac shouting BACON , BACON , BACON , BACON , BACON !
It 's weird , because I do the exact same thing .
Beggin ' Strips slogan is " Dogs do n't know it 's not bacon ! "
Newsflash : Dogs are retarded .
Mine used to eat his own vomit , and wag his tail while he did it .
I 'll be the one to decide if this stuff tastes like bacon or not .
I know these snacks are n't made for human consumption , but while I was in the store the ingredients list looked pretty tame so I was n't too concerned .
Somehow I had missed one extremely dubious word sitting there all by itself .
" MEAT " .
That 's all it says ... meat .
Meat is a pretty large umbrella .
Beef is meat .
Pork is meat .
Horses , monkeys , and allegedly Arby 's roast beef are meat .
Even Rosie O'Donnell 's ball sack is meat .
Okay , maybe I 've gone too far .
I have no idea what that is they are serving at Arby 's , but you get my point .
Alas , there is no turning back now .
Despite the fact that I am a grown man with children , I 'm off to go eat dog food .
And what better way to have Beggin ' Strips than in a Beggin ' , Lettuce , and Tomato Sammich !
**********
**********
I 'm back .
And I 'm sad to report that I did not run around the house yelling " Bacon ! " I did , however , run around the house yelling " Call 911 ! "
GodDAMN these are foul .
Do n't try this at home .
I 'm not sure it 's safe , and I am sure your tongue may kill itself .
While they were a little too artificially colored red to pass for real bacon , I was pleased to see they were not all the same shape .
Similar to slices of real bacon , they each have their own curvy and shriveled identity .
( Just like my aunts and uncles . )
And somehow these Beggin ' Strips also managed to smell just like bacon .
Oopsie .
Typo .
I meant to say " the smoky puke of a thousand maniacs . "
To put it simply , this is the devil 's bacon .
Even a healthy dose of bread , mayo , lettuce and tomato could n't come close to masking the evil .
The bitter nastiness literally got worse with every chew , and I was overcome by the urge to go in the backyard and eat grass until it was all out of me .
The following is a message to all dogs who read The Sneeze : First , sit .
Sit !
Good boy .
Now listen to me .
Beggin ' Strips do NOT , I repeat , DO NOT TASTE LIKE BACON .
You are all being played for chumps !
Alright , now give me your paw .
Okay , roll over !
Good boy !
Now go take a steamy dump in your master 's shoe .
Go on !
Get !
In closing , the only silver lining to this dark dark cloud is I have figured out why so many dogs lick their own assholes .
They are trying to kill the taste of Beggin ' Strips .
( By the way , it does n't work . )
( All Steve , Do n't Eat It 's can be found here . )
Posted by Steven | Archive
My issues with Linux et al Like a warm ocean current , the tides of contempt are slowly eroding my enjoyment of Ubuntu .
I ’ve been using it full time for eleven months now but I feel I have to write down my grievances before I find myself jumping ship .
I ’ll start by reiterating my faith .
My name is Oli Warner and I believe in open source .
Everybody has the code , everybody can improve on it and the choice to use one application over another is the ultimate quality control .
Despite there being some excellent examples of FOSS ( Free and open source software ) , use some of it for long enough and you ’ll discover its weaknesses .
I love Linux but I ’m losing my religion .
Before you ask me why I ’m using the following apps , allow me to tell you that I do shop around .
I do try different distributions , different desktops and different combinations of applications .
I use everything here because , in my opinion , it ’s the best of what ’s available .
Gnome and GTK +
Despite it being the primary interface for the most widely used desktop distribution , the Gnome desktop has some serious ideological problems .
First up is configuration .
Gnome developers seem to share a mantra : configuration is both confusing and evil , and it ’s their mission to shield users from it .
Newsflash : configuration is useful at times !
Sane defaults will only get you so far .
The first place I ran into this issue was the Places menu .
4 bookmarks or mounts is fine but six is apparently far too many to list and requires truncating :
Does n’t that look intuitive ?!
It ’s a usability dream , I ’ll tell you .
Now this would all be fine , if I could change the limit but the variable is hard - coded in the source .
I could download the source , find the file and line , make the edit , compile and re-install , but let ’s face it , I ’d probably cock it up and life is just too damned short .
If I had my wish , I ’d have a dozen bookmarks because they ’re so useful , but because of this EPIC FAIL , I stick to four or five .
Next up is Nautilus , Gnome ’s answer to Windows ’ Explorer .
In a very similar fashion it manages the desktop and the panels and it ’s also a file browser .
My main complaint lies with the latter .
Its file - managing abilities are n’t bad but it needs more power .
They helpfully include a drop - down box on the tool - bar but it seems a bit overkill ; there are only two options within .
I need a real ( a - la Windows ) list view .
Not details !
List .
A small icon and the filename , in columns , scrolling horizontally .
Please !
Thunar ( XFCE ’s Nautilus ) does include this but lacks several important features deemed too heavy for its lightweight parent .
Another nice feature would be file details and meta - data when you hover over a file , its content changing depending on the file type .
The desktop is a bit rough in areas too .
Icon alignment works on a rough grid system that might be nice if it worked .
It allows you to overlap icons , they never ever line up correctly and , all in all , I end up wasting more time arranging icons on my desktop than I ever did under Explorer ’s fascist regime .
I ’m sure people enjoy the flexibility of an fluid - ish grid — but I do n’t .
Please give us the option !
Pulseaudio
Pulseaudio ( PA herein ) is yet another answer to one of Linux ’s longest weaknesses : sound .
Linux has too many sound solutions that do fairly specific tasks but nothing has all the features to keep people happy .
As a result , apps and frameworks ( eg SDL ) have to support multiple sound output configurations .
It ’s a complete mess and adding PA has n’t helped in recent months .
Unifying everybody under a fresh banner might sound like a good idea , but all the apps that need sound need to feed through PA .
All fine as long as one of two conditions are met :
Devs create a PA module to output sound
They use PA ’s virtual inputs .
The first requires more work but tends to produce a better result .
The second requires the devs to use the virtual inputs in a standard manner .
The issue , as I ’ve come to understand it , is people do n’t always follow APIs to the letter .
They hack their way around them to get things working .
My complaint : PA + Wine +
Steam + any Steam game = FAIL .
Steam requires its own sound channel and so does the game .
Wine does n’t support PA but that ’s fine because ALSA lets you do multiple simultaneous sources , so we pick ALSA .
The problem is Wine does n’t use the API properly ( according to PA devs ) and / or PA does n’t implement the ALSA API correctly ( according to Wine devs ) .
The only workaround involves disabling Wine ’s sound , then starting Steam , then re-enabling sound , and using virtual - OSS , which only allows one app to connect to it at once .
Or dump PA .
And that ’s been the situation for months .
I ’ve been desperately looking for a sane fix but until somebody takes some responsibility , it ’s just us , the users , taking it on the chin .
I hope it ’s not another four months before somebody grows a pair and digs in .
Stability is another issue for me in particular .
Sometimes PA ’ll crash and you can load it back up , but over the past few weeks , it ’s been crashing and taking the entire system with it .
PA crashing could be a symptom of something else .
It ’s still under investigation but at the moment , I ’m considering ditching PA .
Compiz
Compiz has quickly become the standard bearer for Linux ’s desktop abilities .
It gives you tons of desktop - wizardry at a tiny portion of Vista ’s system requirements .
What users do n’t first see are the numerous bugs floating around .
Resizing windows properly is deathly slow .
The pseudo - resize is inaccurate .
Relatively poor 3d application performance compared to Windows .
Compiz +
Wine = even worse performance .
Flash performance is terrible under Compiz .
Fullscreen flash is unusable .
Compiz still ca n’t get window positioning right on dual - screen setups .
Pop-ups appear on the wrong screen or stuck between the two .
You ca n’t rely on Compiz to remember window positions .
Random window manager crashes that do n’t resurrect themselves , sometimes leaving you .
You could blame several of these points on other projects , some of them closed source ( Flash , nvidia ) , but my frustration ends up with Compiz because of the frivolous things they keep churning out .
I know they owe me nothing but it ’s frustrating when instead of bugs getting fixed , there ’s another fish tank or snow globe plug -in .
Repositories and releases
Ubuntu ’s six month release cycle is there for good reason : stability .
By limiting the number of large updates during a cycle , users do n’t receive any nasty shocks when something suddenly stops working .
The problem with this model is application maturity .
Only a few a few desktop applications can say they ’re truly stable or even feature complete at release and this means that lots of the apps in Hardy are outdated just two months after its release .
Then there are applications that must always be the latest version .
Anti-virus scanners .
Multiplayer games .
The kinds of apps whose updates are n’t necessarily security patches but are required for optimal operation .
Users are free to download the latest source and install it themselves but there must be a better way .
Some have suggested implementing a Debian - style volatile repository which would cover specific apps , as I ’ve described but it ’s not quite enough in my eyes .
I would go one further and say that apt needs re-engineering to enable users to choose between three states of upgrade policy on a package - by - package basis :
Do not upgrade at all .
Upgrade security and stability patches .
Use bleeding edge .
Ghosts in the machine
By definition , these are accumulations of issues causing random - looking behaviour :
X crashes
Mouse de-sensitivity
Pulseaudio crashes
Random application crashing ( with no reporting )
ALSA volume control randomness
It ’s extremely difficult to target the issue for each of these .
I ’ve reported bugs to Launchpad for most of them but they ’ll either be ignored or inaccurately assigned as duplicates .
Application deficit
There are lots and lots of apps for Linux and I ’ve replaced many of the ones I used in Windows with viable alternatives , but what happens when your work - flow depends on specific tasks that just are n’t available in a Linux app ?
We ’re probably still a couple of years off Adobe porting their suite of creative applications across to Linux , so I ’m left having to use a VM or Wine for Photoshop ( no , The GIMP does n’t do all I need of it ) , Illustrator ( same comment at Inksape ) and Fireworks ( a pretty unique mix of features ) .
Linux NEEDS commercial application support .
Or Wine needs to get really good .
On another note , I use Xine UI to play all my video files because it ’s unobtrusive and you can configure EVERY shortcut you can imagine , however , its interface ( hidden 99 % of the time ) is ugly and it does n’t play digital TV , requiring me to load Kaffeine .
Totem would be okay but it fails on all counts .
VLC does n’t handle my mouse shortcuts for some reason .
Mplayer is too minimal .
SMplayer does n’t do everything .
Similarly , I ’ve used Thunderbird for years .
I used it under Windows so it was my natural choice .
However , they ’ve been pretty slow at integrating Outlook - style tools ( calendering , todo listing , sync ) .
Evolution is integrated into Gnome .
It can display your upcoming items on the main clock and does everything I could want …
Except work .
Evolution appears to have a pretty critical IMAP bug .
I need IMAP more than I need Evolution .
My point : choice can be an illusion when you ’re left between a rock and a hard place .
I ’ve mentioned bugs and vented my frustration that they ’re not fixed fast enough .
This is exacerbated by knowing that it would take somebody with knowledge of the relevant projects just a few hours , if not minutes in some cases , to relieve my stress .
And I ’d be willing to pay them .
This is a refinement model that FOSS has to seize upon .
There needs to be an open marketplace where users can out their woes and ask for developers to bid on bugs .
Deliverable through upstream patches and instructions on how to apply and compile , or pre-built packages .
Multiple users could share the cost .
There are obvious downsides to this plan : developers may adjust their behaviour and only do paying work , or , worse still , deliberately place bugs or limit functionality .
But I think it ’s worth that risk .
Will I dump Linux ?
It may look like I ’ve just slammed out ~1600 words blasting Linux and its sub-projects but I could write infinitely more in its favour .
And it ’s constantly improving .
No , I ’m not leaving Linux .
I might be frustrated at the speed of some advancements but I ’m sure as more and more developers join projects , more eyes will equate higher quality .
I still believe .
In time I hope to be able to resolve my own issues .
I ’m trying to get into it but it ’s a pretty steep learning curve for a web developer familiar in VB .
NET/C#/PHP .
If any of you reading have any tips , tutorials or time to kick me into gear , I ’d love to learn .
MasterCard Worldwide agreed on Wednesday to pay $ 1.8 billion to its credit card rival American Express to settle claims related to a 2004 antitrust lawsuit .
Seven months ago , Visa paid more than $ 2.1 billion to American Express to put similar claims behind it as it raced ahead with plans for an initial public offering in March .
MasterCard , which went public two years ago , had been under pressure to resolve the suit because uncertainty surrounding the litigation was one of the few clouds hanging over its rapidly rising stock .
The agreement brings the total that American Express has collected to more than $ 4 billion , one of the richest settlements in corporate history .
With losses rising and the economy in a slump , American Express can use the cash .
“ Business conditions continue to weaken in the U.S. , and so far this month we have seen credit indicators deteriorate beyond our expectations , ” the chairman and chief executive of American Express , Kenneth I. Chenault , said .
He said the settlement would provide a multiyear source of funds that would “ lessen the impact of this weakening economic cycle and , when conditions improve , give us the ability to step up investments in the business . ”
Sadly , no backstory for this one , except that it was found on a door in San Francisco — but I think this is one of those exchanges that does pretty much speak for itself .
Despite the obvious criticism richard opens himself up to , I think you have to give the guy props for having the guts to actually sign his response .
In this situation , he ’s being about as direct as he could possibly be , no ?
related : “ that shit is disrespectful ”
The Bush administration said yesterday that it welcomed the prospect of increased " people - to - people " contact between Americans and Iranians , as it pushed ahead at speed with plans to establish a diplomatic presence in Tehran .
The White House and the State Department refused to deny a Guardian report that a decision has been taken to set up a US - interests section in Tehran , marking the first return of its diplomats to the city since the 1979 - 81 Iranian revolution .
A source familiar with the decision - making said the Bush administration has either already , or would over the next few days , lodge a formal request with the Iranian government to set up an interests section , a halfway - house to an embassy .
Sean McCormack , the US state department spokesman , responded to questions from reporters by saying : " We are not going to discuss the internal workings of the US government . "
But he went on to pave the way for an announcement by saying that the US is keen to encourage " people - to - people exchanges " and listed a series of contacts between Americans and Iranians , including visits by artists and a planned trip by Iran 's Olympic team to the US .
The US is waiting to get all its ducks in a row before going public about the interests section .
The key is formal approval by the Iranian government , which has already said it would welcome the prospect .
The US has to decide where to house the interests section .
Having an independent office is problematic : the British embassy , established 10 years ago in central Tehran , is frequently a target for demonstrations , stone throwing and even gun-shots .
US diplomats could operate out of the Swiss embassy , which looks after US interests at present , but the Swiss might not welcome the prospect of becoming a target .
The planned establishment of a presence in Tehran , and the decision to send a senior US diplomat , undersecretary of state William Burns , to face - to - face talks in Geneva tomorrow , marks a sea change by the Bush administration .
Iran 's foreign minister , Manouchehr Mottaki , yesterday described the US decision to send Burns as " positive " , adding : " We look forward to constructive engagement . "
The Iranian government is to deliver its response to a European Union list of incentives aimed at persuading Tehran to suspend its uranium enrichment programme , which the US , Israel and the major European countries see as a prelude to achieving a nuclear weapons capability .
The French foreign minister , Bernard Kouchner , said he did not know what the response of the Iranians to the offer would be .
" We are waiting for an opening , " he told reporters .
" I talked to Mottaki and he was open , but open to what ?
That is always the case .
We talk and talk with the Iranians , but it 's always disillusion . "
He said Tehran was still not addressing " the core of the subject " - an enrichment suspension , or an interim freeze on steps to expand the activity , in order to get preliminary negotiations going .
" I have lots of hope for these talks , but I do n't expect anything .
France has had lots of talks with Iran [ on nuclear issues ] but they have never produced anything , " Kouchner said .
Barack Obama , the Democratic presidential candidate , welcomed the Bush administration 's shift .
One of the main planks of his foreign policy is to meet the Iranians face to face , including the Iranian leader , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
His Republican rival , John McCain , said he had " no problem ... whatsoever " with Burns going to the Geneva meeting , but repeatedly said he would not meet Ahmadinejad .
" To sit down without any preconditions with a state sponsor of terror would be a mistake , " he said .
Burns is holding talks with the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna before the Geneva meeting , to be briefed on India 's nuclear programme , as well as Iran's .
The basics of creating a tumblelog with Django ( part 2 )
In The basics of creating a tumblelog with Django , I took my first shot at walking others through some helpful code , in this case the basic programming patterns to use when creating a tumblelog with Django .
Since posting this entry , I ’ve received some requests to explain how to get these tumblelog items to actually show up on my homepage .
Since my target audience is someone relatively new to Django , or even new to programming , I should have included this in the original entry .
This walk - thru picks up where the original left off , with generic StreamItem objects pointing to various Bookmarks , Statuses , and FreeComments .
Each StreamItem object , in addition to keeping track of when the original item was published , also has a get_rendered_html method which passes the original object into a template and provides the resulting output .
The StreamItem class and the functions that create StreamItems are kept in the models .
py file of an app called ‘ stream . ’
Now lets get these items onto the homepage .
The first step is to determine what URL , when entered , will show these items .
Since we ’re putting these on our homepage , the url is just “ / ” .
So in the urls .py file , we want to match a URL that begins and ends with “ / ” and execute the ‘ homepage ’ function in views .py .
1 2 3 4 5 from django.conf.urls .defaults import * urlpatterns = patterns ( '' , ( r'^$ ' , ' stream.views.homepage ' ) , )
The line in the urlpatterns is a regular expression .
‘ ^ ’ roughly means , “ at the beginning , ” and “ $ ” roughly means “ at the end . ”
Since there ’s nothing between the beginning and the end , this URL will match http://example.com/ and run the homepage ( ) method in stream / views.py .
Let ’s take a look at this method .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 from stream .
models import StreamItem from django. shortcuts import render_to_response def homepage ( request ) : context = { ' stream_item_list ' : StreamItem . objects . all ( ) . order_by ( '- pub_date ' ) [ : 10 ] } return render_to_response ( ' stream/homepage.html ' , context )
We create a dictionary named ‘ context ’ , which contains a variable named ‘ stream_item_list , ’ which gets a list of the latest 10 StreamItems sorted by their ‘ pub_date ’ field , newest to oldest .
This dictionary is then passed to the render_to_response function , along with a template name that will be rendered with access to any variable set in the context .
homepage .
html contains this :
1 2 3 { % for stream_item in stream_item_list % } {{ stream_item .
get_rendered_html }} { % endfor % }
It loops through each item in the list , and outputs each item ’s get_rendered_html method , which passes that item ’s referenced object , a Bookmark for example , to a template .
This method can be seen in the original tutorial .
Finishing our Bookmark example , here ’s the template that each Bookmark is rendered with .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 { % load comments % } { % get_free_comment_count for blog .
bookmark object .
id as comment_count % } < div class = " stream_link " > < div class = " stream_item " > < a href = " {{ object.get_absolute_url }} " title =
" View more about this link " class = " icon icon_link " >
View more about this link </ a > < h4 >< a href = " {{ object .href }} " title = " {{ object . title }} " > {{ object .
title }} </ a ></ h4 > < h5 > {{ object .
time | date : " F jS Y , P " }} // < a href = " {{ object.get_absolute_url }}#discussion " title = " View comments for {{ object .
title }} " > {{ comment_count }} comment {{ comment_count | pluralize }} </ a ></ h5 > { % load markup % } {{ object .
extended | markdown }} </ div >< ! --
End .
stream_item --> </ div >< ! --
End .
stream_link -->
I hope this helps clear up any questions , and if it raises any more , please leave them in the comments .
JULY 2-- A
Kentucky woman is facing prostitution charges for allegedly trading sex for gasoline .
Angela Eversole , 34 , was nabbed last weekend during a police stakeout at a Days Inn , where she allegedly trysted with customer Kenneth Nowak .
According to court records , Nowak admitted paying for Eversole 's services , in part , with a $ 100 Speedway gas card .
Eversole was hit with a prostitution rap and also charged with doing business without an occupational license .
Nowak was charged with promoting prostitution .
Eversole and Nowak are pictured in mug shots snapped following their June 27 arrests .
A local prosecutor noted that it was sad to see someone selling their body for gas , in this case about 25 gallons worth .
( 3 pages )
The US has accepted that foreign contractors in Iraq will no longer have immunity from Iraqi law under a new security agreement now under negotiation , says the Iraqi Foreign Minister , Hoshyar Zebari .
Mr Zebari , speaking to The Independent in Washington , said that if there was a further incident like the one in which 17 Iraqis were killed by workers from the Blackwater security company in Baghdad last September , the Iraqis would arrest and punish the contractors held responsible .
The American concession would have a serious effect in Iraq , where there are an estimated 160,000 foreign contractors , many of them heavily armed security personnel .
The contractors , who outnumber the 145,000 - strong US Army in the country , have become a vital if much - resented part of the military machine in Iraq .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Zebari , Foreign Minister since 2004 and one of the ablest Iraqi leaders , defends the security deal now being negotiated , in contrast to Iraqi critics who say it turns the country into an American client state .
On Friday the Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki said negotiations on twin political and military agreements between the US and Iraq had " reached a dead end " .
Later , after a phone call from Mr Zebari , Mr Maliki backtracked from his earlier statement .
But details of the American proposals , first published in The Independent , have been denounced in Iraq for making the US occupation permanent .
Mr Zebari contends that nothing is yet agreed and the American side is showing flexibility under instructions from President Bush .
" I am using this example [ the ending of immunity for US contractors ] to show that talks have not reached a dead end , " he said .
The Iraqi Foreign Minister is in Washington for talks about the negotiations on the Status of Forces Agreement ( Sofa ) , covering critical issues of military co-operation between the US and Iraq , and the parallel Strategic Framework Agreement that covers political and other issues .
He is also establishing official contact with the presidential candidates , briefing John McCain on the situation in Iraq , and was due to speak to Barack Obama yesterday .
In speaking to Senator Obama he said he wanted to reassure him that the purpose of the Sofa was not to pre-empt different policies that might be adopted by a new president .
Mr Obama has told Iraqi officials that , if elected , he will not act precipitately on Iraq and will seek the views of the American military commander on the spot .
Critics of the agreement in Iraq see the powers being demanded by the US , such as the use of 58 bases , the freedom of the US to carry out operations and arrests without consulting the Iraqi government , and the immunity of US troops , as compromising Iraqi independence .
They have denounced the deal as ominously similar to the Anglo - Iraqi treaty of 1930 under which Iraq was nominally independent but Britain retained bases and covert control .
Other shifts in US proposals being discussed are a joint Iraqi- American centre to co-ordinate operations against terrorists and the transfer of prisoners , currently numbering 21,000 , to Iraqi custody .
The Iraqi side has been investigating how other Sofas operate in other countries such as Japan , South Korea and Turkey , but in none of these are US troops involved in combat or the target of armed resistance .
Mr Zebari says Iraq still needs US troops ' support .
Its security forces number 600,000 but lack training and logistical support .
Mr Maliki 's government is more confident since it sent forces into Basra , Sadr City and Mosul earlier this year but it is not clear if they would have held their ground without US firepower , air support and advice .
President Bush is pushing for the Sofa and the less important Strategic Framework Agreement to be signed by 31 July .
* A powerful car bomb exploded in a crowded market in Baghdad yesterday , killing 51 people and wounding 75 , in the biggest attack in the Iraqi capital in months .
The market was in the predominantly Shia neighbourhood of al - Hurriya in north - west Baghdad .
A 22 - year - old man who stopped breathing while in police custody after his arrest during the June 18 Boston Celtics NBA championship celebration died yesterday , prompting an investigation by Boston police and the Suffolk County District Attorney 's office into his death .
The parents of David Woodman , a former Emmanuel College student who was living in Brookline , said their son did not receive prompt medical attention while lying unconscious , face down on Brookline Avenue with his hands cuffed behind his back .
They also accused police of failing to give them a full account of what happened .
Boston police say they immediately administered cardio - pulmonary resuscitation , flagged an ambulance after noticing Woodman was in distress , and did everything they could to help him before he was taken to Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center .
But Jeffrey and Cathy Woodman of Southwick say their son must have been deprived of oxygen for at least four minutes because he suffered significant brain damage .
" We do n't know what happened , " said Jeffrey Woodman , contending that police have left them with more questions than answers .
" We are left to surmise that something occurred while he was in police custody that stopped his heart . "
Woodman said his son had a preexisting heart condition , but he led an active life and had been playing basketball earlier that day .
He said doctors told him his son's heart was functioning normally .
Thomas J. Nee , president of the Boston Police Patrolmen 's Association , said he understands the family 's anguish , " but nothing those officers did that night caused his death . "
He said that the officers , who have not been identified publicly , have cooperated with the investigation , and that the family 's questions will be answered .
David Woodman , who was charged with drinking in public and resisting arrest , remained hospitalized after the incident and awoke June 23 from a medically induced coma .
His parents said he recognized them but had difficulty communicating and whispered , " What happened ? "
He smiled at a Globe reporter during a brief visit Thursday , spoke softly to his parents , and appeared confused .
A large scrape was visible near his right eye .
On Saturday , he was asking to go home , according to his parents , who believed he would survive and face lengthy rehabilitation .
At 2:30 a.m. yesterday he died at the hospital .
The family is awaiting autopsy results .
Jake Wark , spokesman for Suffolk District Attorney Daniel F. Conley , said Conley " pledged a thorough and impartial review of the facts . "
The Boston Police Department launched an internal investigation shortly after the incident into how the officers handled Woodman and will join the district attorney 's office in investigating his death , Elaine Driscoll , a spokeswoman for the Boston police , said yesterday .
Several officers were treated for stress and have returned to work , she said .
By Claire Heald
BBC News
The bicycle .
It 's the model of green transport and sales of folding ones that fit on trains are stepping up a gear .
But as they multiply , so does rush - hour resentment , as commuters and cyclists come to blows .
Dawn is breaking over one commuter - town train station as the daily grind of travelling to work begins .
A City type is easy to pick out at the far end of the London - bound platform - he has forgone formal pinstripes for Lycra shorts and a luminous top .
He collapses his bike into a spiral that is barely bigger than its 16in ( 41 cm ) wheels .
Yes , you should try to protect the environment , but be sensitive to others
David Pyle
Commuter A Brompton folding bicycle , it 's the bowler hat of modern commuting - compact , popular , a bit of a design classic .
Its owner is polite and considerate but hesitates to give his name .
Glancing sideways , he says he takes an earlier train to avoid the worst of the rush - hour .
For him , cycling " at both ends " - in the sticks and the city - means he travels in an environmentally - friendly way .
So what 's not to like here ?
Plenty , say fellow commuters , aggrieved by the increasing number of folding bikes vying for space on the train .
Sales are up , and the crush inside the carriages is on .
Sweaty menace ?
" Here 's one !
Right here , " pipes teacher David Pyle , as he opens the train doors to reveal a folding bike strapped to a handrail on the 0628 BST from Sevenoaks to Charing Cross .
Stepping inside , there are no seats left and he struggles to find a place to stand and hold on .
He complains that bikes , even folding ones , take up too much room .
And he doubts their environmental credentials when some riders are dropped off at the station in a 4x4
And there is wrath for the sweatier cyclists .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Yes , you should try to protect the environment , but you should be sensitive to others , " he says .
" If putting your bike on the train obstructs other people 's standing space , it does n't fulfil any ecological criteria . "
Cramming into a busy train while under pressure of time - commuting is hardly an experience that brings out the spirit of generosity in us .
Take father and son city - workers Nick and Tom Hester .
" For years we had a long standing thing about a little guy who we called ' cyclo git ' , " says Nick .
" He had a row just about every day - the classic ' get his bike out of the boot at Sevenoaks station ' man . "
" They 're so arrogant with their ' let me through , I 'm a cyclist ' attitude .
The trains are crowded enough , they should be banned during rush hour . "
" The most annoying of the lot is the people who build their bike just as everyone gets up to get off , " adds Tom .
" There 's a perfectly large station - why do it on the train ? "
Sales shift gear
They 've noticed the change as sales of " folders " are on the rise in the UK - about 75,000 of the 3.5 million bikes sold last year .
Market leader Dahon says its sales are growing by about a third each year .
UK - based Brompton says it 's unable to keep pace with demand .
... in the morning crush Partly it 's down to technical improvements - folding bikes have improved both in the ride they give and how quick and easy they are to fold ( 7 - 15 seconds for a Brompton ) .
Other factors have also driven sales : the London congestion charge ( and similar plans in 10 other UK centres ) ; growing awareness about exercise ; and the 7 July bombings which converted many to pedal power .
The city now boasts a high - profile cycling mayor and will this year host its second folding bike race for commuters .
Across the rail network , standard bikes are either banned by train companies at peak times or must be booked - in .
" Tick , tick , tick "
As rush hour rolls on , the steady tap of rain on the train windows hardens to a more aggressive pelt .
Mac - clad passengers squash onboard .
Soggy brollies dangle .
Tempers begin fray .
But there is also the " tick , tick , tick " sound of folding bikes being wheeled up to , and off of , trains .
You can see them looking at you in your shorts , thinking ' I have n't got a seat , and yet he 's got a bike '
Ercan Ozcelik
Cyclist commuter City lawyer Roger Day is undeterred by the conditions ; indeed they are " liberating " .
" I always cycle in the morning , rain or shine , " he beams .
He does four miles to the station , and a quick sprint in the city : " I used to drive to and from Canary Wharf , and it was miserable .
This journey takes longer , but I would take it a million times  it 's fantastic and helps keep me healthy . "
Other cyclists are keen to show how little room their bike occupies ; how easy it is to assemble : " It takes half a minute , " says investment banker Jamie MacLean , unfolding his bike at London Bridge .
The us - and - them aggravation in the dog - eat - dog world of the train doorway is well known to some , however .
Ercan Ozcelik has 22 years of taking the train and cycling to work under his waterproof , high - visibility belt .
" Coming home , when there 's no seats , you can see them looking at you in your shorts , thinking ' I have n't got a seat , and yet he 's got a bike ' . "
Blame game
But to place blame under the tyres of the bicycle is to miss the problem , say cycling 's proponents .
It is train overcrowding and the demise of the storage - giving guard 's van that are at the root .
" Commuters have a problem with other commuters , " says Tom Bogdanowicz of the London Cycling Campaign .
" The bottom line is they 're complaining about overcrowding on trains , not specific items . "
The solution ?
Greater capacity for people and trains designed to take bikes .
Then everyone could fold up their bike at the station , and carry it on to the train .
Below is a selection of your comments .
Cycle / train commuting has saved me approx 10 k miles a year by car which has to be good both for my fitness and the environment .
It is understandable that people get resentful or annoyed at cyclists using up seats on the train etc but it is only as bad as bringing a suitcase on .
Surely the rail companies could put on one extra bike specific carriage on the busier trains ?
They could have half the seats and extra points for storing bikes .
Sush Kelly , Birmingham
The extraordinary thing is that seven years ago I and about 20 others were regularly commuting from Guilford and further , all with full - sized bikes .
The old trains had plenty of space ( although the small minded " jobsworth " guards rarely permitted us use of both cattle wagons ) .
Why did the powers that be not spot the need and design the new trains to cope with the needs of bikes , pushchairs , holiday baggage , rucksacks to name but a few of the daily needs - and all subject of major complaint by the poor long suffering commuter , both pedestrian and cyclist ?
Typically short sighted .
Bill Rees , Zug , Switzerland
I 've used folding and non folding bikes ( and prams and large luggage ) for years .
I see this as a threefold problem :
1 ) Poor rolling stock design - train luggage racks that are too small even to take a Brompton , let alone a pram , so wasted space
2 ) Selfish behaviour from cyclists ( yes I 've done it as well , everyone has a bad day )
3 ) Selfish behaviour from commuters who stand in the only space that a bike \pram\large bag could go when the train is empty , thus forcing the person with the large object to stand in the doorway and to get in everyone else 's way
On shoulder to shoulder trains , even a Brompton is getting a little selfish .
But they would fit in overhead racks if they were better designed .
Simon , Saffron Walden
I recently bought a folder after being admonished for bringing my bicycle on the train .
It is compact and so much easier to transport and store .
The ride is surprisingly smooth and it is great in the city .
Candace , New Jersey , US
You should have to buy a ticket for a bike .
Matt Whitby , Thatcham
My folding bike is smaller than the majority of bags , briefcases and suitcases that almost all commuters carry .
Overcrowding is the issue .
Naythan , Rushden , UK
The worst example of a selfish cyclist I 've seen was on a rush - hour train .
The bike 's owner had decided to create their own bike parking space by locking their bike in front of three folding seats .
Folding seats are designed to fold - away when not in use to allow easy access down the train 's corridors .
Not only did this bike prevent the use of three of the train 's seats , it also blocked the corridor in the process .
DS , Croydon , England DS of Croyden , he 's selfish because he wanted to get home / to work ?
I think not .
A tiny bit inconsiderate ?
Possibly ... but I suspect that was the only cycle " provision " on that train , as it often is here .
Current First Great Western Intercity trains have a cycle car .
But it means running the length of a carriage after putting the bike in , as you are usually one of the last on the train .
Folding cycles are often smaller than luggage cases , which there is never enough room for on a busy weekend train .
Mark , Bath
The fault lies entirely with the rail company as they are not providing suitable facilities for their paying customers , whether they are cyclists or pedestrians .
Ken , Glasgow
The really annoying ones are the cyclists who do n't fold up their bike , prop it across the doors , and then get annoyed when someone wants to use the door to actually get off the train , and they have to move their precious bike .
Nona , London I use the train - and - cycle combo to get to work from Hertfordshire to central London .
However , I get incredibly irritated by the cramming in of frankly not - very - small folding bikes by other commuters - the bikes get in the way and take up valuable space .
My solution is easy - I leave my bicycle in the cycle racks at the train station in London and do n't take it on the train .
It 's not a folding bike , so I get a faster , more comfortable ride too .
And I do n't have to fight to get my ' luggage ' onto trains in the rush hour .
At the home end , I 'm fortunate to live close enough to the station to walk .
I 'm about to move further away and am going to pull the same trick there - leaving a second bike at the station .
This may seem expensive , but Brompton bikes start at over £ 300 , and go up to £ 700 or so .
My full - size bicycle cost £ 130 , has integral lights , a luggage rack , and is comfortable enough to do the London - Brighton ride and over 6,000 miles so far .
So buying two full - size bikes is cheaper than one folding .
Perhaps more people should consider this rather neat way of commuting ...
Ian Cowley , Royston and London
What about more bike parks at stations ?
Then cyclists could leave their bikes at the rail stations and join the rest of us on the tubes / buses / pavements for the last part of their commutes .
That 's for those cyclists who do n't already join pedestrians on the pavements obviously .
Ian , London , UK I remember the days , not very long ago , when trains had a carriage for bikes .
Despite bikes being higher up the agenda than ever , profit comes first and bike accommodation is now limited to a couple of bike / pushchair / disabled bays .
Given they barely accommodate for peak volumes of passengers , I suppose this is all that can be expected ; though it is a little rough to put this lack of accommodation on the cyclist .
Toby Williams , London
Why all this resentment against folding bikes ?
Surely the problem is overcrowding on trains .
Trains in Europe - particularly the Netherlands and Denmark - have carriages equipped for bikes and are extremely bike friendly .
Here we pay lip service to the bike rider for example with bike paths that allow cars to park on them ( illegal in Canada ) and trains with no designated carriages .
Instead of arguing about this why not attempt to find some solutions .
I have recently moved house and a folding bike is vital to my commute to work , I take up less room than a pushchair or a large suitcase - will you be turfing those off next ?
Gill Foster , London
Why is it ok for commuters to carry extra-large golfing umbrellas - even if it 's not raining , over - sized brief - cases - even when they have n't completed the work they took home the night before , large handbags and at least two plastic carrier bags - because they have to have at least two pairs of shoes for the day , or worse spread over two seats because they can't fit on one .
Bill Williams , London
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Tuesday , 17 Jun , 2008 Technology
A firm from Japan announced that it was able to create a robotic girlfriend that can kiss on command .
The robot is 38 cm ( 15 inch ) tall and its inventors dubbed it " Eternal Maiden Actualization " or shortly " EMA " .
Producers stated that EMA will go on sale in September and its price will be $ 175 .
The robotic girlfriend is aimed to a particular target market , i.e. adult men .
" Strong , tough and battle - ready are some of the words often associated with robots , but we wanted to break that stereotype and provide a robot that 's sweet and interactive , " mentioned the spokeswoman for the maker Sega Toys .
" She 's very lovable and though she 's not a human , she can act like a real girlfriend , " the spokeswoman added .
Besides kissing on command the robotic girlfriend can hand out business cards , sing and dance .
Sega
Toys looks forward to sell 10,000 EMAs during the first year .
Powered by www.infoniac.com
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Federal agents on Tuesday raided the office of a federal whistle - blower protection agency and subpoenaed all 17 staffers , the FBI said .
The FBI seized computers belonging to agency chief Scott Bloch , sources say .
Law enforcement sources said agents seized computers belonging to Scott Bloch , the head of the Office of Special Counsel , an agency established in the 1970s to protect whistle - blowers and shield federal employees against improper management .
The sources said Bloch was the subject of a 2005 inquiry .
FBI spokesman Richard Kolko provided no details of the raids , which also involved agents from the inspector - general 's office of the Office of Personnel Management .
James Mitchell , a spokesman of the Office of Special Counsel , said the agency was cooperating with investigators .
Bloch will remain on the job , and " nothing will change , " he said .
" We do not yet know what this is about , " he said .
" Meanwhile , we are continuing to perform the independent mission of this office . "
The U.S. attorney 's office in Washington had no immediate comment on the investigation .
But in December , the House Oversight and Government Reform committee asked Bloch to explain reports he hired an outside company to conduct a thorough erasure of files on a computer in his office and those of two top aides .
Bloch was already facing an investigation that began in 2005 .
A group that represents government whistle - blowers accused Bloch of obstructing justice , making false statements to Congress and retaliating against career employees he considered disloyal -- in one case , by attempting to transfer a dozen staffers to an office he sought to create in Detroit , Michigan .
" It is shocking that the individual who is primarily responsible for investigating federal whistleblower complaints would be the target of an investigation in which he and his staff are suspected of obstructing justice , " Marshall Chriswell , a spokesman for the National Whistleblowers Center , said in a statement .
The group called on the Bush administration to fire Bloch .
President Bush picked Bloch for a five - year term as the agency 's director , a post he took in 2004 , but the agency has been at odds with the White House during his tenure .
In 2007 , Bloch 's staff began investigating whether top Bush political adviser Karl Rove and other White House officials had used federal agencies for partisan political activities .
And he also began looking into whether any laws were violated in the 2006 firings of U.S. attorneys in at least eight cities , which sparked House and Senate investigations as well .
Investigators from the Office of Personnel Management 's inspector - general and the FBI already had begun looking into Bloch 's activities .
The Government Accountability Project , another group that supports government whistle - blowers , has accused Bloch of wading into the controversies in order " to keep himself in the public spotlight and protect against any efforts by the administration to hold him accountable . "
Bloch is a former personnel lawyer who worked at the Justice Department 's Faith - Based and Community Initiatives office before moving to the Office of Special Counsel .
I was over on the Gravity Probe B thread posted by Scruffy and our resident physicists , and a point was brought up about how some people are trying brand new Theories of Everything and scoffing when they ’re being told that they ’re wrong .
These kinds of situations bring up a modern quandary : when does one pursue an idea in spite of the critics , and when do you cave to the current evidence ?
A big problem in our society is that we ’ve had too many experiences with people in our history who were right in spite of the critics .
People hear these accounts in school and see them portrayed in various media .
Then , when they develop a hair - brained scheme , they do n’t listen to critics because they think that the best ideas are supposed to be criticized .
I call this a Galileo Complex .
The Galileo Complex goes beyond near vanity .
For example , the people who get booted off at the beginning of American Idol because they can’t sing and then throw a tamper tantrum about it do not have the G.Complex .
They ’re tone deaf and misinformed .
People with the G. Complex go far beyond that .
They pursue a goal that is ( a ) not noble , ( b ) not supported by evidence as being practical and ( c ) not very necessary .
So that discounts people who are trying to end world hunger , study antimatter and building solar cars .
They can all do their thing , or at least try , and be happy with their lives .
This also excludes pursuing a religion or belief system , for reasons that I ’m tired of talking about .
The G. Complex folks develop ideas that are huge .
“ The Universe , as we know it , is all wrong ! ” “ We do n’t even use our DNA ! ” “ It ’s not them …we ’re the aliens ! ”
They publish their results , find scientific backing and insist on carrying out their notions .
They do this in the face of constant rejection .
The problem is that rejection is not convincing in and of itself .
After all , the world was round , right ?
Who does n’t want to be the one to say to the world : “ They said it could n’t be done .
They said it was impossible .
But I have overcome ! ”
That ’s a dream shared by athletes , entertainers , inventors , doctors , politicians and gamers alike .
That ’s how boundaries are pushed and ideas previously considered crazy are made mainstream .
Eventually , we turn around and accept a lot of things unheard of in the past few years because people with legitimate conviction do n’t listen to mockers .
How many times in the last few years have you read a science article that begins “ New research is making us rethink everything we thought we knew about _________ ”
Do you know how many times I ’ve had to rethink ?
But what if your idea is wrong ?
What if you spend your entire life pushing something that is a figment of your vivid imagination ?
The answer is , you ’ll find out eventually .
Here are some rules for G. Complex individuals :
1 ) Carefully think about your goals , not just your ideas .
Your goals will help you to focus .
It ’s easy to get lost in grand thoughts .
2 ) Discuss , question and even argue your ideas with knowledgeable people .
That will help everyone .
But do n’t be deliberately antagonistic , and do n’t develop a victim complex .
Some people become mortally offended when they ’re ideas are criticized , and only manage to come back with insults .
Those people are stupid morons .
3 ) If you really believe in your idea , use criticism as fuel .
An idea ca n’t ever survive if it ca n’t stand up to inspection , regardless of how cool it is .
If it does n’t , try again until it does .
Unconventional ideas still require conventional processes of refinement .
4 ) Be open to the possibility that your idea can be improved and enhanced .
Do n’t be stubborn .
Your thought may be correct , but that is n’t the same thing as saying that your understanding is perfect .
I ’d be interested to hear about people ’s experiences with the G. Complex .
Has you ever proved the skeptics wrong , or vice versa ?
Or is the whole idea of the G. Complex a complete crock that you think I ’m foolish to adopt ?
How to Get Out of Debt : Bankruptcy and Alternatives to Bankruptcy
Ca n’t pay your bills ?
You ’re not alone .
Many Canadians reach this point at one time or another in their lives .
In 2018 alone , 125,266 Canadian consumers filed insolvency claims ( bankruptcies or proposals ) .
Thousands of consumers before you have experienced the following scenario : the bills get ahead of you and before long you are using lower interest credit cards to pay off higher ones , and borrowing from one account to pay off another .
Then one day you realize : I ’m in trouble and I need help figuring out how to get out of debt !
Your Options for Getting out of Debt in Canada
The good news is that there are several very good options available to you .
These options have been used by millions of Canadians , and they work .
» If your debt situation worries you , but could still be brought into line with a little help , consider the following solutions :
Learn better money management
Create a budget by listing all your monthly income and expenses .
Analyze it to see if you can raise your income or lower your expenses .
You might be surprised that when you put your income and expenses down in a list , you immediately see ways to economize without greatly impacting your lifestyle .
Realize that a lot of what you are buying may not be necessary .
Do n’t waste your money by giving in to impulse buying .
Once you have reduced your expenses , use the cash you have freed up to repay your debts .
Get rid of most of your credit cards as soon as you can pay them off , so the temptation is removed .
Keep a couple of credit cards and rebuild your credit rating by using them responsibly .
This way , you ’ll be able to get necessary credit more easily and at lower interest rates .
You can get free help with budgeting and other money management skills from a professional credit counsellor .
Get a bank loan for debt consolidation
If you qualify for a loan of this type , you can use it to replace your unsecured debts with a single debt consolidation loan account – with one monthly payment , a lower interest rate , and possibly a longer payment period .
If , like most people , much of your unsecured debt is in high - interest credit cards , the lower interest of the loan will make it much easier to get back in the black .
Construct a debt management plan with the help of a credit counsellor
A credit counsellor can help you build money management skills .
Also , he or she may negotiate with your creditors to set up a debt management plan for you .
A typical plan has a single monthly payment and lower interest costs , and is spread over up to four years .
Orderly Payment of Debts ( if you live in Alberta , Saskatchewan , Prince Edward Island or Nova Scotia )
If you qualify to enter an Orderly Payment of Debts program , an arrangement will be made with your creditors so that you can make a single monthly payment geared to what you can afford .
The Program provides lower interest costs , protection from legal actions , and extensive help to learn financial skills .
It is available only in Alberta , Saskatchewan , PEI and Nova Scotia .
» If you feel “ out of options ” and ca n’t pay 100 % of your debts , learn about Consumer Proposal and Bankruptcy :
Consumer proposal – negotiate a payment plan with your creditors
A Licensed Insolvency Trustee can help you file a consumer proposal to your creditors , in which you make set payments you can afford for up to five years .
These payments are distributed to your creditors .
Consumer proposal is a great bankruptcy alternative if you have more debts than you can handle , but earn a stable income .
The Trustee will meet with you to determine if consumer proposal is right for you .
As soon as the consumer proposal is filed , your creditors are prevented from taking you to court or garnishing your wages .
Creditors have 45 days to accept your proposal – and most proposals are accepted .
Once accepted , a proposal is legally binding on all your creditors and stops all legal actions against you .
In most consumer proposals you pay no further interest on your debts , and you may pay less than the full amount owing , depending on your resources .
Why do creditors accept most consumer proposals ?
Creditors would rather accept a deal where they get some amount of money , rather than have you file for personal bankruptcy , in which case they will get little or nothing .
A consumer proposal can be better than bankruptcy for you , too .
You usually get to keep your house and other assets .
At the end of the proposal period , your debts are discharged , and your credit is not as badly affected as in a bankruptcy .
File for personal bankruptcy – get a fresh start
Bankruptcy in Canada is your final option .
If you cannot pay even a significant fraction of what you owe , you can file for bankruptcy through a Licensed Insolvency Trustee .
Bankruptcy is stressful , but represents a new financial start .
What if I Just Stop Paying ?
You may feel so overwhelmed that you simply stop paying your bills , and attempt to carry on this way .
In this case , you will find yourself avoiding answering the phone , not opening your bills , and possibly feeling guilty .
Of course , you know that avoiding your creditors will only make matters worse .
You may be hoping for a windfall that stubbornly does n’t arrive .
Here ’s what happens if you stop paying :
One payment missed :
If you have a good borrowing history , your creditors may simply send you a polite reminder letter .
If you have a good borrowing history , your creditors may simply send you a polite reminder letter .
Two payments missed :
You will get a strongly worded letter , and possibly also a phone call , demanding payment .
You will get a strongly worded letter , and possibly also a phone call , demanding payment .
Three payments missed : Creditors may begin enlisting collection agencies to press you for payment .
Collection agencies will make your life unpleasant , using a variety of pressure tactics to get the money .
If you still do n’t pay , stronger methods can be used against you , including wage garnishments or liens against property .
Your best bet to make things better is to act immediately .
Free consultation with a Licensed Insolvency Trustee
If you need some direction and advice on your options on how to get out of debt in Canada , we encourage you to contact a Licensed Insolvency Trustee .
Licensed Insolvency
Trustees offer free and confidential initial consultations and can help you in choosing the option that is right for you .
It 's about freaking time -- someone is finally releasing some quality Big Lebowski action figures .
For $ 25 you can score The Dude , complete with accessories .
Do n't miss
The Dude -- Unemployed !
You 'll flip for our Action Figure of The Dude from The Big Lebowski .
Dressed in his bathrobe and slippers , he stands 8 - inches tall and comes with loads of hilarious accessories : sunglasses , robe , White Russian , milk carton , ID card , and genuine cloth rug !
Achieve your desires by buying this character today !
They 're releasing other figures too , including Walter and another version of the Dude ( see picture after the jump ) , Donny , and The Stranger ( the narrator in the movie , not when you sit on your hand till it goes numb ) .
If you 're attending the July 23 - 27 San Diego Comic - Con you can pick The Dude up at that time , otherwise they wo n't be shipping till August / September .
I need one .
Somebody , anybody , please abide .
Tony the Chauffeur :
So he says " My wife 's a pain in the ass .
She 's always busting my friggin ' agates .
My daughter 's married to a real loser bastard .
And I got a rash so bad on my ass , I can't even sit down .
But you know me .
I ca n't complain . "
The Dude : F*** in ' A , man .
I got a rash , man .
Hit the jump for a picture of Walter and another version of The Dude .
Product Page
via
" Are You Employed , Mr. Lebowski ? " [ albotas ]
available
Not that electric MINIs are anything new , but unless you were willing to pay for all the mods yourself , procuring one was n't exactly simple .
Now , however , we 're hearing that MINI itself will be bringing scads of these buggers to American streets in the summer of 2009 .
Yeah , like , one year from right now .
MINI USA VP Jim McDowell was the source of said statement ( so it 's pretty much official , yeah ? ) , though he did n't mention whether all of them would be reserved for California or if they would besold out nationwide .
Hey MINI , we 'd say you 've got a hit on your hands .
If you ’re in a bad mood today , let me tell you why .
It ’s Tuesday .
Tuesday has no raison d’être .
If your unfamiliar with that term , look it up .
It ’s Tuesday after all and you feel like shit … might as well learn something .
If you do n’t have Morrie on Tuesday , you ’re SOL .
Susanna Hoffs from The Bangals did n’t like Monday .
She kept whining that It ’s Just Another Manic Monday .
Wake up girl .
Monday is the start of week .
It ’s that day when you can begin again with a fresh perspective .
Come Friday , you ’ll realize that you worked hard and achieved little .
But today ’s Monday–be excited about it .
There is an old saying , “ Once begun , half done . ”
Since you have officially started your week , this saying means that it ’s half over .
By 10 am , you ’ll realize that this is bullshit and that you have 38 more hours of the workweek left .
Besides , the week being half over is Wednesday ’s purview .
Monday ’s no amateur night either .
If you want to hit the pubs tonight , do it .
You wo n’t see the people that are there on Friday and Saturday .
You ’ll meet life .
You ’ll meet the hard - core , the gritty .
You ’ll find all the people who have given up ; the people who start drinking at the beginning of the week .
This will make you feel a lot better …until you realize that you are at the bar with them .
……………….
Tuesday ………………………
Wednesday ’s is the great over the hump day .
You have made it through Tuesday which sucked .
You now realize that all your big dreams from Monday wo n’t be realized .
Your saving grace today is that at noon you ’ll be half way through the week .
One more week of the 52 you ’ll be spending this year .
You might as well break the rule … go have a cocktail at lunch .
Yes , I know , it ’s against company policy .
But what better way to celebrate the week being officially half over .
And if you go on a bender tonight , you now only have two days to get through .
So go for it .
Wednesday definitely has a reason .
The week is officially half over .
Thursday is Friday if you have your wits about you .
Which would you rather have : a 2 - day weekend , or a 3 - day weekend ?
See .
The only way to have a 3 - day weekend every weekend is by acknowledging that Thursday is Friday .
Then , Friday , Saturday , and Sunday are all weekend days .
This is about training your mind and is not for the feint of heart , the literalist .
There is no way a literalist can treat Thursday like Friday .
But you ’re better than that .
If you embrace nuance , you ’ll greet Thursday as if it ’s Friday no problem .
It ’s all in your perspecitve .
This also means that you get to go out Thursday night like it ’s Friday night .
You can close the bar down .
Who really works on Friday anyway ?
Your boss .
That ’s who .
He sees what you did last night .
Who are you kidding ?
Colognes and perfume can’t cover up that alcohol oozing through your pores .
You keep going to the bathroom and applying more .
It wo n’t work .
Your activities last night cannot be hidden .
But there ’s good out there .
The good is that it ’s Friday .
There ’s a reason people say TGIF .
And you know it now as you look at that damn clock that does n’t seem to move .
At 5 , you ’re out of here .
And you ’re off to celebrate the weekend , which you started celebrating last night .
And then you remember , Friday is really a weekend day –you have heightened perspective .
What happens today at work … who cares ?
It ’s the weekend .
Just because you ’re at work does not mean that you need to think about work .
The Internet is right there .
Chat away .
Surf .
YouTube all day .
Read The Best of Craigslist .
Time will pass by quickly .
Just be ready to minimize the screen quickly when your boss enters to tell you that you smell like the Jack Daniels refinery .
And do n’t let your boss fool you .
He ’s jealous .
He did n’t treat Thursday like Friday .
So , he ’s bitter !
When he heads back into his office , he ’s not working either .
He ’s surfing porn because he ’s not getting any at home .
He stayed home last night because his wife gets mad when he goes out with his friends .
But she did n’t give him any and has n’t for a long time .
So , remember , he ’s not really mad at you ; he ’s mad at himself .
When you see him walk out that door at night , he ’s falling into his miserable weekend abyss at home depot .
You ’re going to happy - hour .
Who wins ?
Saturday arrives and it ’s now your 2nd day of the weekend .
For the next two days , you get to play all you want , do whatever you want .
Saturday is the best day of the week .
If you do n’t think so , you ’re wrong .
Look at all these songs about Saturday .
People are happy .
Unless you ’re Sam Cooke .
He sang “ Another Saturday night and I ai n’t got nobody . ”
Well , this sucks .
If this is the case , you ’re probably looking at porn on the Internet .
At least you have company … your boss is doing the same thing .
Sunday arrives and it ’s a beautful day .
If it ’s not , change your perspective .
If it ’s nice , you can go outside all day .
If not , sports are on all day !
In the past , you had Sex in the City and The Sopranos on Sunday night .
Now , you ’re an Entourage junkie .
After your great weekend , watch Vinny and the boys do their thing .
You ’ll enjoy it .
Or , it might depress you as you realize that your life is nothing like theirs .
No matter .
You ’ll start anew on Monday with a fresh perspective , at least for a couple of hours .
… and late Monday , you ’ll find yourself wondering …
” What the f@*k am I going to do tomorrow ? ”
Taken with Olympus E500 digital camera June 29th 2008 .
Click image for larger view .
In this picture I have captured what was a fantastic midnight sunset here in Northern Norway .
The sunset created some incredible light where this village in the sea was bathed in a beam of sunshine .
The picture should be looked at in large size to get a better view of the sunset .
The midnight sun is already gone ( I ca n’t believe how fast this summer has passed ) , but the nights are still very light if the rain clouds could stay away .
The distant village is called Laupstad and is the place where I grew up ( hence my last name Laupstad ) .
The mountains in the background is a part of the second largest island in Norway , Senja .
People use the word " hate " a lot when they talk about sports .
They use it so often , it has no meaning whatsoever .
Everyone in Minneapolis hates Brett Favre — unless , of course , he winds up playing there — even though most of them would feel nothing about him had the Falcons never traded him to Green Bay in 1992 .
Lots of people hated J.J. Redick when he was averaging 20 a game for Duke , but who hates a guy who 's getting eight minutes a night in Orlando ?
Sports hatred is situational and generally metaphorical .
Play - by - play announcers remind us that the Raiders hate the Broncos and the Sox hate the Yankees , but those alleged on - field enemies share the same agents and eat in the same restaurants and tip the same exotic dancers .
If sports hatred feels real to the hater , it 's a self - styled fiction : hatred for the purpose of play .
About 99 % of the time , it 's a totally constructed emotion .
But that final 1 % is all I need .
This is why the tension between Shaq and Kobe continues to fascinate me , even deep in the doldrums of summer .
I love thinking about it .
It never stops being interesting .
Shaq and Kobe hate each other for real ; I 'm convinced of this .
They despise each other in a way that 's not only rare in sports but rare in life .
They hate each other so much that neither would ever admit it , lest the other man get some sort of abstract satisfaction from the admittance of the loathing .
O'Neal dismisses the conflict as comedy , and Bryant pretends he does n't care , but those are the predictable defense mechanisms they use when faced with uncomfortable emotions .
The reality is they want to kill each other .
I can't prove this , but it feels obvious .
And it makes me like each a little more and a little less .
Getty Images
Every sports fan with a laptop and no life has heard O'Neal 's freestyle rap about Kobe 's inability to win a title on his own , punctuated by Shaq 's relentless ( and arguably valid ) question , " Kobe , how my ass taste ? "
And everyone has found this material hilarious .
The semi-extemporaneous lyrics also accuse Bryant of destroying Shaq 's marriage ( by reportedly telling Colorado police after his arrest for sexual assault that the Big Aristotle paid women for their silence after the ends of affairs ) , which is slightly less funny ( although probably more valid ) .
Now , Shaq is a funny guy and a charming fellow and — most important , at least from a PR perspective — a hyper - jolly goofball who likes to give toys to sick orphans .
So as a culture , we tend to take his side .
But his rap was still pretty weird .
Go back and watch it again .
Its only goal was to humiliate and emasculate Bryant , and it was conducted in a context that left Bryant no recourse .
O'Neal knew Kobe could n't respond , which is why he seemed to enjoy the performance so much .
If Kobe took the situation seriously and called a press conference , he would seem weak and humorless .
If he tried to respond with a rap of his own , it would be an inorganic disaster : Kobe would probably try dressing like the 1981 version of Reggie Theus , hire the Neptunes and come across like a chick from Northern State ( the Brooklyn hip - hop group , not the D2 Wolves from Aberdeen , S.D. ) .
Bryant can't do cool that is n't directly related to basketball .
And this drives him crazy , because he wants people to like him .
( I do n't think he needs to be loved , necessarily — just liked .
Or at least not actively disliked . )
His only revenge is to tape a still from Kazaam on his bathroom mirror , stare at it every morning to remind himself of the man he hates , fixate on that hate at the gym for the next six hours and then drop 82 whenever LA plays Phoenix .
He has no other option .
It 's this mutual desire to humiliate that makes the hatred between Shaq and Kobe feel so different to me .
This is n't like the feud between Barry Bonds and Jeff Kent — that was just two guys who wanted to punch each other because they were : a ) superficially different , but b ) fundamentally the same .
That was competitive ; this is personal .
Kobe and Shaq want to destroy each other 's persona .
Each wants to damage his rival 's legacy because , 20 years from now , their legacies are all either one will have .
By stressing that Kobe " could n't do it without me , " O'Neal was trying to negate the fact that Bryant has in fact won three titles .
Shaq is suggesting that Kobe is only a second - tier legend , more like a statistically impressive nonchamp ( Charles Barkley , Dominique Wilkins , George Gervin ) or a world - class , ring - wearing role player ( Scottie Pippen , Kevin McHale ) .
In the NBA , you can not be truly transcendent unless you 've : a ) won a championship , and b ) been the primary reason for your team 's winning that championship .
Shaq is attempting to rewrite history , trying to rebrand Bryant as a nonwinner .
This kind of attack serves no purpose and offers no personal benefit , but he does it anyway .
So what 's his motive ?
There can be only one : hatred .
He simply hates the guy .
This , I suspect , is what Shaq thinks about Kobe : You betrayed me .
I tried to be cool with you , but you 're not a real guy .
You got yourself into trouble , and the first thing you did was bring up my name for no reason .
Now my kids live somewhere else .
When we played together , all you had to do was concede I was the focus of the team and let people make up their own minds about which of us was more important .
But you made the Lakers choose between us , and you were younger and healthier , so they traded me to Miami .
And that was embarrassing for me .
So I 'm going to embarrass you for the rest of your life .
I am going to prey on your social insecurities and your need for appreciation .
And I 'm gonna do this because I hate you .
Kobe , of course , sees things differently .
He probably thinks about Shaq like this :
You know I 'm better .
You know it .
And that should be the only thing that matters .
And I know I told a reporter you were fat in 2003 , and I 'm sorry about that .
But you were fat , and that made you less effective and injury - prone .
I 'm just being honest here .
Basketball is not a game ; it 's a science .
Why does personality have to matter ?
I realize I should n't have dropped your name to those cops , but I thought my life was over , and I panicked .
Everyone seems to like you no matter how you act , so I tried to associate my behavior with yours .
Besides , you do n't seem particularly depressed about your wife 's being gone .
In fact , you seem to be having a great time making me look like a bozo .
Why are you doing this ?
You have made it increasingly difficult for me to enjoy my own greatness .
And I hate you for that .
George Bernard Shaw ( who spent most of his adult life making random comments that writers could later use in magazine columns ) once said that hatred is the coward 's revenge for being intimidated .
At least in this case , that seems pretty true .
But which of these revenge - seekers is intimidated more ?
In the eyes of the public , there 's no doubt O'Neal is winning this war .
I wonder , though , if that actually means he has already lost .
If Shaq honestly believes all the things he rapped about , would he need to say them ?
Probably not .
Which is why this grudge does n't get boring : Faced with the possibility of moving on and moving forward , neither of these guys can do it .
What 's more , they do n't want to .
It 's part of who they are .
They love it .
And the love is what true hate is .
Have a question for Chuck ?
Then head here for some answers .
Iraq PM retracts support for Obama , but damage done RAW STORY
Published : Sunday July 20 , 2008
Print This Email This Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki has n't endorsed any candidate or their plan for troop withdrawals , a government spokesman said a day after a magazine quoted Maliki as supporting Barack Obama 's withdrawal timeline , Bloomberg reported .
Although al - Maliki supports a " general vision " of American troop withdrawal from his country , the prime minister has not backed Obama 's plan for a 16 - month timeline , government spokesman Ali al - Dabbagh said .
The official said German magazine Spiegel had " misunderstood and mistranslated " al - Maliki when it quoted the prime minister as supporting Obama 's plan , but the magazine questioned why the spokesman did not point out what exactly had been misunderstood or mistranslated and called the prime minister 's retraction " half - hearted . "
According to Spiegel , al - Maliki said of Obama 's plan , " That , we think , would be the right timeframe for a withdrawal , with the possibility of changes . "
The prime minister never made an outright endorsement of the candidate himself in the article , saying " who they choose as their president is the Americans ' business . "
" But it 's the business of Iraqis to say what they want .
And that 's where the people and the government are in general agreement :
The tenure of the coalition troops in Iraq should be limited . "
The prime minister may wish to retract his statements supporting Obama , but for many , especially the McCain campaign , the damage has been done .
" There 's just no way that all three of these passages were mistranslated , " Kevin Drum wrote in the The Washington Monthly .
" There 's really no way to spin that away . "
Time Magazine 's Joe Klein shared the opinion that the McCain campaign would be hard pressed to overturn the major win Maliki 's support , however short - lived , has given Senator Obama .
" In the U.S. , this is all bad news for the McCain campaign .
Yes , McCain was right about the Surge , but that is a small , tactical truth too complicated to be understood by most Americans .
Maliki Endorses Obama Withdrawal Plan is a headline everyone can understand . "
It has been several months since we have shared any progress updates on our powertrain development work and in particular how the “ powertrain 1.5 ” program is progressing for the Roadster .
For those of you not thinking about this every day like we are :) the powertrain 1.5 is an improved motor , inverter and gearbox designed to replace our previous two - speed transmission that had many durability , efficiency and cost challenges .
We officially kicked off this program just last fall but it is something that Elon and I had discussed several years ago .
A very low - cost and efficient single - speed gearbox mated with a continually improving motor , inverter and battery is the core competency of Tesla ’s powertrain team and it is also our roadmap for future vehicles .
Many people are now working very hard on this project and I ’m happy to report that we are holding our initial schedule for production deployment around vehicle # 41 later this year .
Several significant milestones have been passed in each of the key components that I will discuss in more detail below .
We also have a Roadster with a prototype 1.5 powertrain that we are now driving regularly .
The higher torque is really phenomenal .
I have many hours behind the wheel of the 1.0 powertrain and this is simply much better .
The motor torque is improved by a bit more than 30 % beyond what was already great and the ¼ mile time for the car is now in the 12.9 second range .
The top speed of the vehicle remains over 120 mph .
Here is a quick refresher on what the powertrain 1.5 is and is not :
An improved inverter ( PEM ) to deliver higher motor current
An improved motor to handle higher current and torque
A new single - speed gearbox
A new motor to gearbox coupler and an improved motor cable
Upgraded vehicle firmware
NO changes to the battery pack
Power Electronics Module ( PEM ) Update
It is counterintuitive that one of the most diminutive parts in the powertrain is actually responsible for most of the performance improvement between 1.0 and 1.5 .
The IGBT ( Insulated Gate Bipolar Transistor ) inside of the PEM is what converts and regulates power from the battery .
These small parts are improving in both efficiency and power handling capability and by integrating the latest generation of parts , we have been able to boost the PEM output current by about 33 % from 640A rms to 850A rms with the same number of IGBTs .
We could have increased the current and torque by just using more of the older IGBTs but this would have required a much more extensive redesign of the entire PEM including the mechanical packaging and cooling systems .
Since the new IGBTs have improved efficiency they also end up giving the PEM better overall efficiency and improve the range of the vehicle slightly .
At most operating points the PEM is already very efficient ( 95 - 98 % ) but every little bit helps .
Other than this change to the IBGTs and a few improved internal cables the PEM is identical to a 1.0 PEM ; without the external serial number labels you can not tell them apart .
Motor Update
The 1.5 motor has slightly more substantial changes to deal with the higher current .
We have modified the castings on both ends of the motor called “ endbells . ”
These were modified to allow for a different interface to the new gearbox and also to improve the durability of the fastening between the motor and transmission .
We also modified the motor shaft slightly with a larger and stronger output spline to handle the higher torque that the motor can generate at 850A .
The bearings remain the same and the internal electromagnetic design of the motor is identical .
The same number of turns and lamination geometry are used .
One additional improvement was made to the motor terminal lugs in order to significantly reduce their resistance yielding better efficiency and much less temperature rise at very high currents .
Connected to these lugs is the motor cable that attaches the PEM to the motor .
We have also reduced the resistance of this motor cable by changing wire material from copper clad aluminum to pure copper .
This increases the mass slightly but also improves the efficiency and reduces temperature rise .
Below on the right is a prototype 1.5 motor that is now being tested on the dynamometer at our shop in San Carlos .
On the left is a plastic SLA model that we made of the new endbells before the metal parts were ready .
Gearbox Update
The new gearbox is the most significant change from powertrain 1.0 to 1.5 .
We have significantly reduced the complexity of this gearbox by getting rid of the need for shifting or speed matching between two gear sets .
There is only one set of gears that is always engaged with a ratio of ( 8.2752:1 ) .
There are no clutches and we have also done away with the need for an electric oil pump and instead integrated a very efficient gear - driven oil pump into the gearbox .
All of these simplifications have saved a great deal of mass and the new gearbox is approximately 45kg instead of 53kg for the old two - speed design .
This mass savings is even more impressive when you consider that we have designed this transmission to have a long life at a much higher input torque ( 400 Nm ) and higher speed ( 14,000 rpm ) .
The engineering design of this new gearbox has been finished for over a month and we are now running prototypes through their paces on dynamometers .
We built two initial gearboxes with machined aluminum housings so we could gain some early test results before finalizing the cast housing tooling and machining fixtures .
One of the most exciting features of this new gearbox ( from an EV perspective ) that we have been able to validate on the first prototypes is that it has extremely low spinning drag ( less than 0.1
Nm of dry drag torque . )
This is less than any other gearbox we have tested with the only possible exception being the EV1 gearbox .
This low drag contributes to the 1.5 powertrain having a slightly improved range figure .
The two pictures below show some of the gears and shafts .
On the left is the input shaft assembly … spinning up to 14,000 rpm bearing selection is very important .
The spline on the right connects to the motor coupling .
The picture on the right is the intermediate shaft assembly .
Notice the transmission locking “ gear ” in the center that engages with a stationary pawl when the car is parked .
These are all of the gears and shafts assembled in one case half .
The blue automatic transmission fluid ( ATF ) is not normal and we were just using a blue dye in the ATF to test lubrication distribution in this unit .
This is one of the machined aluminum case halves .
This part started life as a solid block of metal !
Machining the cases is a quick process for prototyping but it is far too wasteful and expensive for production .
The second picture below shows a newer cast version of same part ( from the other side ) after post - machining .
This is how we will build the production gearbox cases .
This is a completed and assembled gearbox prototype ready to go on the dyno .
The motor attaches to the top in the picture on the far right and the output shafts to the wheels are in the bottom center of the two pictures on the right .
The outputs holes are plugged with aluminum covers to keep oil in and dirt out during assembly .
And finally here are two pictures of a prototype gearbox being tested on the dyno .
We run many different tests to thoroughly beat up the gearbox in a more aggressive and controlled environment than possible in a vehicle .
One of these tests called the “ Wide Open Throttle ” or WOT test repeatedly simulates vehicle accelerations from stopped to high speed at maximum torque and then back to a stop under maximum regen .
This test is repeated hundreds of times back to back .
Range
I have mentioned on several occasions that we are making parts more efficient in migrating from the 1.0 to 1.5 design .
The PEM , motor cable , motor connections , and gearbox are all incrementally more efficient .
When all of these are added up it amounts to a meaningful increase in overall vehicle range of around 10 miles .
One common question is why does n’t the range drop since the motor current and torque are increasing ?
The answer is one of the beautiful characteristics of EVs .
The efficiency of this new powertrain when compared with the 1.0 powertrain is actually BETTER at ALL of the operating points that they have in common .
This is the exact opposite of how two gasoline engines would compare ( an 8 cylinder engine versus a 6 cylinder engine for example . )
With an internal combustion engine the efficiency of the larger engine is usually worse at all cruising power levels .
When the 1.5 powertrain is operating at torque levels that are higher than what is possible with the 1.0 powertrain a direct comparison is impossible but the efficiency levels are still very high .
The efficiency remains relatively flat all the way up to maximum torque and power .
Keep in mind also that very little time is actually spent in the vehicle at above 280 Nm of motor torque ( the previous limit to the 1.0 system ) and on the drives where you do spend lots of time at full throttle you generally are not trying to maximize your range !
Thermal Performance
Along with improved efficiency the 1.5 powertrain will have improved thermal performance over the 1.0 powertrain at all common operating points .
This is due to the efficiency of the PEM , motor and gearbox and also due to the slightly increased gear ratio .
( Increased by about 12 % from 7.4:1 to 8.27:1 )
This gear ratio change will reduce motor current by about the same ratio ~ 12 % for a given vehicle operating point and this will reduce the thermal load on the motor and PEM .
When operated at torque levels beyond the 1.0 ceiling there is no baseline to compare against .
One thought experiment is to imagine that the car is driven hard enough to limit motor performance due to temperature .
Once in this condition the 1.5 powertrain will always have about 12 % more torque to the wheels than the 1.0 ( due to the gear ratio ) for the same energy dissipation in the motor .
Before thermal limit the 1.5 powertrain will have an extra ~ 33 % from the motor plus ~ 12 % from the gear ratio ( 45 % total ) better torque output to the wheels than 1.0 .
Peak Power
Although this improved powertrain will have ~ 45 % better torque at the wheels it will not have a significantly higher peak power output and it will not have a higher peak battery current draw .
( The two are directly related by the efficiency of the PEM , motor and transmission )
Our goal has actually been to keep the peak battery current at the same level ( about 650A ) .
It is best to think about the PEM as an electronic transmission .
The car with a two speed transmission did n’t have a higher peak power output either but it could achieve a faster 0 - 60 mph time because the gears multiplied the motor mechanical torque .
We are using the PEM to multiply the battery current by stepping up the current to the motor while we step down the voltage .
What is coming next ?
Testing , testing and then more testing !
Over the coming months we will be continuing to exercise and push the new powertrain components to their design limits on various bench tests .
The gearbox , motor and PEM will all spend many more hours running on dynamometers at high and low speeds and temperatures .
This accelerated testing will be happening in parallel with upgrading the majority of our engineering fleet of vehicles and several marketing vehicles with the new powertrain 1.5 components and then testing them as fully - assembled vehicles .
One car will be taken to Death Valley this summer for aggressive hot weather thermal limit testing and hill climbing tests .
Another vehicle will be running a 40,000 km durability test around a track at high and low speeds , over rough cobblestone roads , through salt spray baths and potholes .
Still other vehicles are slated to undergo transmission abuse testing and vehicle firmware testing .
All of these tests are designed to find any problems before they have a chance to show up in production vehicles .
When all is said and done , this evolution of our powertrain system results in a vastly improved overall product for our customers .
We have maintained the key performance targets while increasing efficiency and durability .
The more powerful torque curve will make the overall driving experience even better than what was reported on in the major car reviews earlier this year .
Although we faced a significant setback last fall when we realized the previous 2 - speed design was not sufficiently durable , the Tesla powertrain team is accomplishing an extraordinary feat in not only overcoming this setback but engineering a superior outcome for Tesla customers .
The DVD is called Miteiru dake ( Just Looking ) ,
and it features various talent / models just staring straight ahead .
That ’s right , the models on the DVD do very little other than stare
straight at the camera .
According to the website , the idea is to get
young males who are n’t used to socializing with women to become more
accustomed to making eye contact and / or handle the fact that a sentient
being sits across from them and awaits interaction .
The DVD hopes to
cure those afflicted with shyness so that they may rejoin society .
Here is more information , with an embedded video at the link .
Thanks to Justin Mancinelli for the pointer .
Of course the market offers real variety :
Artist 's impression of Polaris and the constellations of the Big and Small Dippers .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The Northern Star , whose vibrations were thought to be dying away , appears to have come to life again .
An international team of astronomers has observed that vibrations in the Pole star , which had been fading away to almost nothing over the last hundred years , have recovered and are now increasing .
And the astronomers do n't know why .
Plot of decrease over 100 years of amplitude of 4 - day light variation of Polaris and of the increase since 2000 .
Observations before 2000 from other work , observations after 2000 from this work .
The discovery will be announced during the " Cool Stars 15 " conference at the University of St Andrews .
Dr Alan Penny from the School of Physics and Astronomy will present results of the recovery to around 350 international delegates at the meeting that runs from July 21 - 25 .
The astronomers were watching Polaris in the expectation that they would catch the star switching off its vibrations completely when they made the surprising observation of its revival .
Dr Penny explained , " It was only through an innovative use of two small relatively unknown telescopes in space and a telescope in Arizona that we were able to discover and follow this star 's recovery so accurately . "
Team leader , Dr Hans Bruntt of the University of Sydney , had been using a small telescope attached to NASA 's now defunct infrared space telescope ( WIRE ) to study the star for a short period of time .
He knew Dr Penny was using a device known as the SMEI space camera - predominately employed to watch matter being ejected from the Sun - to do long - term monitoring of stars .
When the SMEI data were analysed this recovery of Polaris was seen , and could also be traced in the WIRE data .
Professor Joel Eaton of Tennessee State University was also doing long - term monitoring , and , using the AST automated spectroscopic telescope located in Arizona , was able to confirm the observations of Polaris by watching the change in velocity of the surface of the star as the variation caused it to expand and contract .
Although Shakespeare 's Julius Caesar declared , " I am as constant as the Northern star , Of whose true - fix 'd and resting quality There is no fellow in the firmament " , Polaris is a ' Cepheid ' variable star , getting brighter and fainter every four days .
Cepheids do play a vital part as ' standard candles ' in determining the size of the Universe , but the details of their variations are not well understood .
Dr Penny said , " One hundred years ago Polaris varied by 10 % , but over the last century the variations became smaller and smaller until ten years ago it only varied by 2 % .
" It was thought the structure of the star was changing to switch off the vibration .
Yet the team has found that about ten years ago the vibrations started picking up and are now back up at the 4 % level . "
The slow decline in variability was in itself unusual , as no other Cepheid is known to do this .
Astronomers thought that Polaris was ageing and its structure was changing so that it was no longer unstable .
This was being followed to learn about how stars age .
Now Polaris has ' turned on ' again this explanation seems unlikely and there may be a complex process in the outer layers of the star , with more than one mode of variability .
The paper will be published in the Aug 10 edition of the ' Astrophysical Journal ' .
A pre-publication paper is available on arxiv.org / abs/0804.3593
Provided by University of St Andrews
Explore further A runaway star in the Small Magellanic Cloud
Most parents just can't seem to shut up about their children .
I 'm no exception .
Totspot is a brand new social network designed to showcase your kids , so your Twitter followers wo n't be subjected to the digital equivalent of you pulling out your wallet full of pictures every couple of days .
It 's a bit of a cross between an online scrapbook and a MySpace page .
One of the things I noticed in looking around ( even before I took a look at the emailed information from co-founder Adam Katz ) is how early adopter savvy this site is , despite being in a market of site that typically only cover the rudimentary basics .
Very few sites designed with parents of young children in mind have , for instance , the ability to import videos from Vimeo or YouTube , or pictures from Flickr or SmugMug .
In addition to being able to bring in data from other places easily , the DataPortability does n't end there , with the system featuring an API allowing data export ( as well as a number of other non-traditional export methods , includinga DVD or published personalized book .
I played around with the system a bit last night and this morning , creating profiles for both of my sons .
I was surprised by the ease of it and the level of detail you can go into with creating the profile , particularly with the " firsts " section ( first tooth , first night in own bed , etc ) .
You can take a look at my son Jacob Li's profile ( you knew that was coming sooner or later ) , so long as you sign up to the system .
I have his privacy level set to " All TotSpot Users " , though by default , the privacy level is set down to folks set as friends only on TotSpot .
The system is presently in a private beta , to open up to the general public soon .
If you want to get in on the fun , click here and use one of our invites .
There are around 250 available ( so make sure you send your relatives back here so they can sign up as well and be able to view the profiles you create for your kids .
The original VisiCalc program that ran on the IBM PC in 1981 still runs on today 's PCs .
I have included it here , with the kind permission of Lotus who now owns the copyright , for people to try themselves .
You can download it to your PC and run it under Windows or DOS .
It is only 27,520 bytes long ( smaller than many GIFs and JPGs on the web ) .
This version of the program is very similar to the original VisiCalc that first came out on the Apple II in 1979 .
It has a few extra features : a " Home " key , support for four arrow keys , a few extra commands including / E for editing the contents of a cell , and upper and lower case letters .
This version was for DOS 1.0 , which did not have directories , so it can only access files in the current directory .
The original version as shipped had copy protection .
This one does not , though it is still covered by a license agreement .
Remember : To quit , use " / SQY " ( Storage , Quit , Yes ) .
The executable is available for download in a zip file .
Download the zip file by clicking here , reading the license agreement , and if you agree , clicking on the " I Agree , Start the Download " link at the bottom of the page .
Save the file to disk as " visicalc-executable.zip " and extract the contents : " VC.COM " .
The VC.COM file is a standard DOS executable and can be run , checked for viruses , etc .
If you execute it in Windows by double - clicking on the file in Windows Explorer , it should run in an MSDOS window by itself , like this :
Use the Apple II VisiCalc Reference Card to learn the commands .
What this web page inspired : Posting VisiCalc here inspired others to do the same .
See Posting VisiCalc here inspired others to do the same .
See Reactions to posting VisiCalc .
For a list of some sites with old software and / or history , see Other History Sites
If you 're new to this web site :
This web site was created using Trellix Web from Trellix Corporation , a great authoring tool for easily creating and maintaining web sites -- see the News section of the Trellix site for reviews .
( Disclaimer : I founded Trellix ... )
The map on the left lets you navigate around this History web site .
It was produced automatically by Trellix ( an option ) .
This web site has more than just material about VisiCalc -- see the home page .
If anyone has seen Office Space , I 'm exactly like the lead character .
There is nothing in the world that I want except to do nothing .
I have tried and tried and tried to find something that I enjoy , or that will motivate me .
Everything I can find is painfully boring .
Travelling , a career , hobbies , meeting people - all of it bores me to tears .
I only do the minimum in life to get by and it grates my nerves to do that much .
Sometimes I go hungry for a couple days because it 's just so damn boring to go to the grocery store .
It boggles my mind how some people hop out of bed and go about doing things , when it takes such enormous will to do something like washing the dishes .
I get by in life by scavenging and I have never held a job for more than a few months because the boredom overwhelms me .
I 'm so ashamed of myself and I 'd give anything to feel motivation and drive for something .
The only reason I do anything at all is so that I can keep a roof over my head .
I tried all the obvious solutions :
- Exercise
- Therapy
- Depression meds
- Blood test
- Healthy food
No , I do n't have ADD , much as everybody loves to tell everyone else that they have it .
Nothing works .
Please , somebody help me .
There must be something .
Why am I so lazy ?
EA : PS3 Red Alert 3 Cancellation Due to ' Exotic and Tough ' Development Environment
" We actually announced a PS3 version early on but that was when we were still doing a lot of technical exploration of the architecture , " EALA producer Amer Ajami told Videogamer .
" PS3 is a very powerful system but as you guys know it 's very exotic and tough to develop for and our engine really at the time was n't designed for PS3 . "
Ajami further noted that EALA " might go back and do something with the PS3 later on . "
Electronic
Arts had not divulged any reason for the cancellation when word came early last month , stating only that it was " refocusing resources " towards the Xbox 360 and PC versions of the alternate - timeline RTS .
Red Alert 3 was to be the first traditional Command & Conquer entry on PlayStation 3 , with the Xbox 360 having received C&C3 : Tiberium Wars last year and C&C3 : Kane 's Wrath earlier this summer .
The first - person shooter spinoff Tiberium is still planned to hit PC , PS3 and 360 sometime later this year .
Command & Conquer : Red Alert 3 is currently slated to arrive on the PC and Xbox 360 this coming October .
Forbes Magazine ’s Top Ten Of Hollywood ’s Highest Paid Actors
Will Smith tops Forbes magazine ’s list of Hollywood ’s Highest Paid Actors .
The ‘ Hancock ’ actor , who has made $ 80 million in the last year , became the first ever actor to have eight consecutive movies break the $ 100 million mark at the box office .
His earnings caused him to shoot to the top the list , ahead of ‘ Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber of Fleet Street ’ star Johnny Depp who earned $ 72 million .
The list was compiled by looking at the actors ’ earnings from June 1 , 2007 to June 1 , 2008 .
Continue reading below for the top ten list ….
Forbes ’ magazine Hollywood ’s Highest Paid Actors , full list :
1. Will Smith – $ 80 million
2. Johnny Depp – $ 72 million
3. Eddie Murphy – $ 55 million
4. Mike Myers – $ 55 million
5. Leonardo DiCaprio – $ 45 million
6. Bruce Willis – $ 41 million
7. Ben Stiller – $ 40 million
8. Nicolas Cage – $ 31 million
9. Will Ferrell – $ 31 million
10 . Adam Sandler – $ 30 million
photo : WENN
West Wing Learning from Kennedy
These days Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin is often compared -- unfairly -- with Stalin and Hitler .
In truth , Putin is a Russian Kennedy .
And Putin's Cuba is called Georgia .
Von Gabor Steingart
Some free markets are apparently freer than others :
The price of oil is free to fall , while the stock price of a bank is free to rise .
That is one takeaway from Washington 's recent response to market turmoil .
By singling out " speculators " who want to push bank stocks down and oil prices up , lawmakers and policy makers reinforce a message that the free market is a wonderful thing as long as it is n't going against you .
It ...
Which are the most popular firefox addons and extensions ?
Here is an attempt to collect the 50 popular and best firefox extensions which make your browsing , downloading and navigation in Firefox as easy as possible , while harnessing the full power and features of Firefox .
Best Firefox Addons , Extensions , Plugins
These extensions should work on the latest versions of the Firefox .
Use the extensions which work best for * your* needs .
The fastest way to install these extensions from developer sites is to drag them to the url bar .
Look at these top extensions to manage firefox extensions if you decide to install lots of them .
When you upgrade to a new Firefox version , some extensions might not work till the AddOn owners upgrade them , use the Nightly testers tools to remove compatibility issues .
Control Firefox Tabs
All - in- One Gestures – merges the popular following extensions for management of mouse gestures , scrolling and power navigation .
( Mix of Mouse Gestures , Rocker navigation , Tab scroller , History scroller , Link tooltip and Autoscrolling extensions )
Tab Mix Plus – More tweaks added to tabs .
Ability to select and open muliple links in tabs , open link in a duplicated tab , merge tabs and close tabs from similar domain …
Viamatic foXpose – Click on the icon in the status bar to view all the browser windows with a single click .
Firefox Showcase – easily locate and select any open browser window in Firefox .
Undo Closed
Tabs – allows you to undo closed tabs via a toolbar and / or tab bar button or the right - click context menu .
Control Website Links
Linky – Lets you open or download all or selected links , image links and even web addresses found in the text in separate or different tabs or windows .
Linkification – Allows Firefox to view plain - text URLs and e-mail addresses as actual links
IE Tab – can open the current page or a selected link embedding Internet Explorer in tabs of Mozilla / Firefox .
Very useful for those IE only pages .
FirefoxView – Open Firefox with the current page or a selected link displayed in Internet Explorer .
Adds “ View in Firefox ” menu items to the content and link context menus .
Paste and Go – lets you paste an URL from the clipboard into the address bar and load it as a single step , either via the adress bar ’s context menu or by pressing Ctrl - Shift - V
Hyperwords – Interact with all the words on the web , not just links !
Control File Downloads
FlashGot – handles single and massive downloads with several external Download Managers .
PDF Download – Every time you click on a link , checks if the target is a pdf file and in this case let you choose what you want to do ( open pdf file inside a new tab , download it to the filesystem or view it as HTML ) .
ScrapBook – helps you to save Web pages and easily manage collections .
DownThemAll !
– adds new advanced downloading capabilities to your browser .
It lets you download in just one click all the links or images contained in a webpage or refine your preferences using fully customizable filters .
Video DownloadHelper –
The easy way to download Web videos from hundreds of YouTube - like sites , audio and picture galleries .
TargetAlert – provides visual cues for the destinations of hyperlinks in cases of pdf , doc , zip files etc .
Download Manager
Tweak – modifies the default appearance of the firefox download manager and allows it to be opened in a separate window , the sidebar , or a tab .
Download Statusbar – is a browser extension that allows you to keep track of ongoing and completed downloads in a hide - away statusbar
FireFTP – is a free , secure , cross - platform FTP client for Mozilla Firefox which provides easy and intuitive access to FTP servers .
Open IT
Online – allows you to open your documents and images online without the need of any software to be installed .
Control Webpage Behaviour and Navigation
GreaseMonkey – Install user scripts and change the behavior of any web page
Image Zoom – Right click on an image and select a zoom option from the popup menu , or , hold down the right mouse button in combination with the mouse wheel to zoom in or out on an image .
Fasterfox – Speeds up Firefox by recycling idle bandwidth by silently prefetching and caching all of the links on the page you are browsing .
( Some readers said it actually slowed down their firefox – verify yourself )
SpellBound – enables spell checking in web forms such as html textarea / input elements ( html input password elements are not checked by SpellBound ) and rich text form elements .
This allows you to spell check forms before submitting them .
Taboo – lets you save a page for later ( taking a screenshot , and using the Session Saver code to remember scroll location and form fields ) .
AutoCopy – Select text on any web page and it will be automatically copied to the clipboard .
Middle click to Paste .
Adblock Plus – is an enhanced version of Adblock .
Block ads , applets , flash , embedded - media etc .
Flashblock – blocks all Flash content from loading on a webpage .
Sage - Too – add a lightweight RSS and Atom feed aggregator which integrates with Firefox ’s bookmark storage and Live Bookmarks .
Pearl Crescent Page Saver – capture screenshots and save full webpages as images easily .
Reload Every – adds an option to the context menu to reload the web page you are viewing every so many seconds or minutes .
Useful if you keep refreshing some pages often .
InFormEnter – adds a small , clickable icon next to every input field in a web form , from where you can select the item to be inserted with your frequently used information such as name , email , address and whatever else you want to be available from the form menu .
All - in - One Sidebar – is a sidebar control , inspired by Opera that lets you quickly switch between sidebars , view dialog windows such as downloads , extensions , and more in the sidebar , or view source code or websites in the sidebar .
Can be extensively customized .
Text size toolbar – Adds buttons to increase or decrease text size or restore default size easily .
Useful for those small unreadable font sizes .
Reveal – allows you to see thumbnails of pages in your session history and quickly find the page you want .
Mystickies – allows you to place sticky notes all over the web and organize them with tags .
Xinha Here !
– is a wrapper for the Xinha HTML editor that enables WYSIWYG editing in any textarea and text box on any website .
Yoono – instantly suggests alternate sites and people who share the same interests while you are surfing .
BlueOrganizer –
It helps you personalize your web experience based on what you already like , helping you discover relevant new information and save time .
PicLens – transforms your browser into a visually stunning experience for finding and viewing online photos and videos .
Feed Sidebar – displays the items from your Live Bookmarks in the sidebar .
Control Privacy / Security
FoxyProxy is an advanced proxy management tool that completely replaces Firefox ’s limited proxying capabilities .
NoScript – allows JavaScript , Java ( and other plugins ) only for trusted domains of your choice .
This whitelist based pre-emptive blocking approach prevents exploitation of security vulnerabilities with no loss of functionality
CookieCuller – Extended Cookie Manager to protect / unprotect selected cookies .
Password Exporter – allows you to export your saved passwords and disabled login hosts using XML or CSV files that can be imported in another browser or computer .
Control Web Searches
Google Toolbar for Firefox – Lets you search google and all its services easily .
Also powered by Google Suggest ( Get query suggestions as you type in the search box ) , SpellCheck , AutoFill , Pagerank of webpage , access to gmail , WordTranslator etc .
CustomizeGoogle – enhances Google search results by adding extra information ( like links to Yahoo , Ask Jeeves , MSN etc ) and removing unwanted information ( like ads and spam ) .
NextPlease !
– allows you to assign keyboard shortcuts to jump to next and previous links on search results pages , like Google , Yahoo , Ebay , Amazon , and many other sites .
BetterSearch – enhances Google , MSN Search , Yahoo Search , A9 , Answers.com , AllTheWeb , Dogpile.com , del.icio.us and Simpy.com bookmarks by adding previews ( thumbnails ) and Amazon product images and info etc .
Control Your Music / Video
FoxyTunes – Listen to music while surfing the Web , and control your favorite media player without ever leaving the browser .
MediaPlayerConnectivity – Allow you to launch embed video of website in an external application with a simple click
Control Your Email
Better Gmail 2 – a compilation of Greasemonkey user scripts that adds advanced features to new version of Gmail .
Gmail Manager – Allows you to manage multiple Gmail accounts and receive new mail notifications .
Displays your account details including unread messages , saved drafts , spam messages , labels with new mail , space used , and new mail snippets .
WebMail Notifier – checks your webmail accounts and notifies the number of unread emails .
Supports gmail , yahoo , hotmail etc .
Control Your Bookmarks
Foxmarks Bookmark Synchronizer – Install Foxmarks on each computer , and it will work silently in the background to keep your bookmarks synchronized
StumbleUpon – is an intelligent browsing tool for sharing and discovering great websites .
Reliby – provides you with Reload all Live Bookmarks functionality .
Shareaholic – Share , bookmark and e-mail web pages quickly without leaving your browser .
Control Other Popular Services
DictionarySearch – Looks up a user selected word in an online dictionary you selected .
Web Developer – Adds a menu and a toolbar with various essential web developer tools .
Scribefire – A full featured blog editor that sits right within Firefox and lets you easily post to your WordPress , MovableType or Blogger blogs .
Map + – enables you to quickly view a map of a selected address in Firefox without changing windows or tabs .
ChatZilla – is a clean and easy to use Internet relay chat ( IRC ) client .
This list is by no means complete and you may not agree with my choice , but this is merely an attempt to find the top and best firefox extensions .
This post is regularly updated .
If there is some favorite firefox extension you use which deserves a mention here , post it in comments .
Image by flod
Editor 's note : Fareed Zakaria is a pre-eminent foreign affairs analyst and hosts " Fareed Zakaria : GPS " on CNN at 1 p.m. ET Sunday .
CNN 's Fareed Zakaria interviews Sen. Barack Obama .
( CNN ) -- Sen. Barack Obama discussed his vision for the world in a wide - ranging foreign policy discussion with CNN's Fareed Zakaria .
The Democratic presidential hopeful answered some tough questions about how he would deal with the world 's crises , what he would do if Osama bin Laden is caught and his plan for Iraq .
Here are some highlights from the interview , which aired Sunday on " Fareed Zakaria -- GPS . "
ZAKARIA : Tell me , what is your first memory of a foreign policy event that shaped you , shaped your life ?
OBAMA : A first memory .
Well , you know , it was n't so much an event .
I mean , my first memory was my mother coming to me and saying , " I 've remarried this man from Indonesia , and we 're moving to Jakarta on the other side of the world . "
Watch part of Obama 's discussion on foreign policy »
And that 's , I think , my first memory of understanding how big the world was .
And then , flying there and landing .
This was only maybe a year , or even less than a year , after an enormous coup , the military coup in which we learned later that over half - a- million people had probably died .
But it was for me , as a young boy , a magical place .
And I think that probably is when it first enters into my consciousness that this is a big world .
There are a lot of countries , a lot of cultures .
It 's a complicated place .
ZAKARIA : But you were an American in Indonesia .
How did that make you feel ?
OBAMA : Well , you know , it made me realize what an enormous privilege it is to be an American .
I mean , it certainly was at that time , even more so , because the gap in the wealth of the West at the time compared to the East was much wider .
But it was n't simply the fact that my mother was being paid in dollars by the U.S. Embassy , and so , that gave us some additional comfort .
It was also becoming aware that , for example , the generals in Indonesia or members of Suharto 's family were living in lavish mansions , and the sense that government was n't always working for the people , but was working for insiders -- not that that did n't happen in the United States , but at least the sense that there was a civil society and rules of law that had to be abided by .
My stepfather was essentially dragged out of the university he'd been studying in in Hawaii , and was conscripted and sent to New Guinea .
And when he was first conscripted , he did n't know whether he was going to be jailed , killed -- that sense of arbitrariness of government power .
Those were the things that you felt you were protected from as an American , and made me , as I got older , appreciate America that much more .
ZAKARIA : Why did you major in international affairs ?
OBAMA : Well , obviously , having lived overseas and having lived in Hawaii , having a mother who was a specialist in international development , who worked -- was one of the early practitioners of microfinancing , and would go to villages in South Asia and Africa and Southeast Asia , helping women buy a loom or a sewing machine or a milk cow , to be able to enter into the economy -- it was natural for me , I think , to be interested in international affairs .
The Vietnam War had drawn to a close when I was fairly young .
And so , that was n't formative for me in the way it was , I think , for an earlier generation .
The Cold War , though , still loomed large .
And I thought that both my interest in what was then called the Third World and development there , as well as my interest in issues like nuclear proliferation and policy , that I thought that I might end up going into some sort of international work at some point in my life .
ZAKARIA : Do you believe , when looking at the world today , that Islamic extremism is the transcendent challenge of the 21st century ?
OBAMA : I think the problems of terrorism and groups that are resisting modernity , whether because of their ethnic identities or religious identities , and the fact that they can be driven into extremist ideologies , is one of the severe threats that we face .
I do n't think it 's the only threat that we face .
ZAKARIA : But how do you view the problem within Islam ?
As somebody who saw it in Indonesia ... the largest Muslim country in the world ?
OBAMA : Well , it was interesting .
When I lived in Indonesia -- this would be ' 67 , ' 68 , late '60s , early ' 70s -- Indonesia was never the same culture as the Arab Middle East .
The brand of Islam was always different .
But around the world , there was no -- there was not the sense that Islam was inherently opposed to the West , or inherently opposed to modern life , or inherently opposed to universal traditions like rule of law .
And now in Indonesia , you see some of those extremist elements .
And what 's interesting is , you can see some correlation between the economic crash during the Asian financial crisis , where about a third of Indonesia 's GDP was wiped out , and the acceleration of these Islamic extremist forces .
It is n't to say that there is a direct correlation , but what is absolutely true is that there has been a shift in Islam that I believe is connected to the failures of governments and the failures of the West to work with many of these countries , in order to make sure that opportunities are there , that there 's bottom - up economic growth .
You know , the way we have to approach , I think , this problem of Islamic extremism ... is we have to hunt down those who would resort to violence to move their agenda , their ideology forward .
We should be going after al Qaeda and those networks fiercely and effectively .
But what we also want to do is to shrink the pool of potential recruits .
And that involves engaging the Islamic world rather than vilifying it , and making sure that we understand that not only are those in Islam who would resort to violence a tiny fraction of the Islamic world , but that also , the Islamic world itself is diverse .
And that lumping together Shia extremists with Sunni extremists , assuming that Persian culture is the same as Arab culture , that those kinds of errors in lumping Islam together result in us not only being less effective in hunting down and isolating terrorists , but also in alienating what need to be our long - term allies on a whole host of issues .
ZAKARIA : If U.S. forces in Afghanistan captured Osama bin Laden , what would you do with him , and you were president ?
OBAMA : Well , I think that , if he was -- if he was captured alive , then we would make a decision to bring the full weight of not only U.S. justice , but world justice down on him .
And I think that -- and I 've said this before -- that I am not a cheerleader for the death penalty .
I think it has to be reserved for only the most heinous crimes .
But I certainly think plotting and engineering the death of 3,000 Americans justifies such an approach .
Watch what Obama says about bin Laden »
Now , I think this is a big hypothetical , though .
Let 's catch him first .
And the fact that we have failed to seriously go after al Qaeda over the last five years , because of the distraction of Iraq , I think we are now seeing the consequences of that in Afghanistan .
That 's not the only problem we have in Afghanistan .
We have not dealt with the narco - trafficking that 's taking place there .
We have not provided farmers there an option beyond poppy .
I think the Karzai government has not gotten out of the bunker and helped organize Afghanistan and government , the judiciary , police forces , in ways that would give people confidence .
So , there are a lot of problems there .
But a big chunk of the issue is that we allowed the Taliban and al Qaeda to regenerate itself when we had them on the ropes .
That was a big mistake , and it's one I 'm going to correct when I 'm president .
ZAKARIA : You talked about the other threats we face .
In dealing with these threats , how should we approach other nations ?
John McCain has talked about a new G - 8 , the group of the richest countries in the world , which would exclude Russia , expel Russia , and not include China .
So , it would be an attempt to draw a line in the sand and cast out , as it were , the non-democracies .
Do you think that 's a good idea ?
OBAMA : It would be a mistake .
Look .
If we 're going to do something about nuclear proliferation -- just to take one issue that I think is as important as any on the list -- we 've got to have Russia involved .
The amount of loose nuclear material that 's floating around in the former Soviet Union , the amount of technical know - how that is in countries that used to be behind the Iron Curtain -- without Russia 's cooperation , our efforts on that front will be greatly weakened .
China is going to be one of the dominant economies -- already is -- and will continue to grow at an extraordinary pace .
The notion that we do n't want to be engaged in a serious way with China , or that we would want to exclude them from the process of creating international rules of the road that are able to maintain order in the financial markets , that are able to address critical issues like terrorism , that are able to focus our attention on disparities of wealth between countries -- that does not make sense .
Now , I think that we have to have a clear sense of what our values are and what our ideals are .
I do n't think that we should shy away from being straight with the Russians about human rights violations .
We should not shy away from talking to the Chinese about those same subjects .
I think that we have to be tough negotiators with them when it comes to critical issues .
For example , if China is not working cooperatively with us on trade issues , I think that there 's nothing wrong with us being tough bargainers .
But we have to engage and get them involved and brought into dealing with some of these transnational problems .
And that kind of tough , thoughtful , realistic diplomacy used to be a bipartisan hallmark of U.S. foreign policy .
And one of the things that I want to do , if I have the honor of being president , is to try to bring back the kind of foreign policy that characterized the Truman administration with Marshall and Acheson and Kennan .
But also characterized to a large degree -- the first President Bush -- with people like Scowcroft and Powell and Baker , who I think had a fairly clear - eyed view of how the world works , and recognized that it is always in our interests to engage , to listen , to build alliances -- to understand what our interests are , and to be fierce in protecting those interests , but to make sure that we understand it 's very difficult for us to , as powerful as we are , to deal all these issues by ourselves .
We need to show leadership through consensus and through pulling people together wherever we can .
There are going to be times where we have to act unilaterally to protect our interests .
And I always reserve the right to do that , should I be commander in chief .
ZAKARIA : What about if you do n't get that consensus , let 's say , in a place like Darfur ?
You 've called for a no - fly zone .
But it 's a U.N. no -fly zone .
OBAMA : Right .
ZAKARIA : Now , but the U.N. is n't going to have a no - fly zone , probably , because the Chinese and the Russians will probably not go along with it .
So , in that event , do you want to have a U.S. or a NATO no - fly zone ?
In other words , do you want to do something , even if you can't get consensus ?
OBAMA : Well , look .
There are going to be times where it 's the right thing to do , and the consensus is not going to be perfect .
I think our intervention in the Balkans ultimately was the right thing to do , although we never got the sort of formal consensus and coalition that we were able to achieve , for example , in the Gulf War .
And so , the situations are going to vary .
My point is this , that we should always strive to create genuine coalitions -- not coalitions that are based on us twisting arms , withholding goodies , ignoring legitimate concerns of other countries , but coalitions that are based on a set of mutual self - interests .
In a situation like Darfur , I think that the world has a self - interest in ensuring that genocide is not taking place on our watch .
Not only because of the moral and ethical implications , but also because chaos in Sudan ends up spilling over into Chad .
It ends up spilling over into other parts of Africa , can end up being repositories of terrorist activity .
Those are all things that we 've got to pay attention to .
And if we have enough nations that are willing -- particularly African nations , and not just Western nations -- that are willing to intercede in an effective , coherent way , then I think that we need to act , even if we have n't achieved 100 percent consensus .
But the principle of us wanting to build effective alliances with other countries and to lead in that way through persuasion and organization , I think that 's something that has historically been when we are at our best .
ZAKARIA : One area where you 're outside the international consensus -- and certainly , perhaps , some others -- is the statement you made in a recent speech supporting Jerusalem as the undivided capital of Israel .
Now , why not support the Clinton plan , which envisions a divided Jerusalem , the Arab half being the capital of a Palestinian state , the Jewish half being the capital of the Jewish state ?
OBAMA : You know , the truth is that this was an example where we had some poor phrasing in the speech .
And we immediately tried to correct the interpretation that was given .
The point we were simply making was , is that we do n't want barbed wire running through Jerusalem , similar to the way it was prior to the ' 67 war , that it is possible for us to create a Jerusalem that is cohesive and coherent .
I was not trying to predetermine what are essentially final status issues .
I think the Clinton formulation provides a starting point for discussions between the parties .
And it is an example of us making sure that we are careful in terms of our syntax .
But the intention was never to move away from that basic , core idea that they -- that those parties are going to have to negotiate these issues on their own , with the strong engagement of the United States .
And if you look at the overall tenor of that speech and what I 've said historically about this issue , you know , Israel has an interest not just in bunkering down .
They 've got to recognize that their long - term viability as a Jewish state is going to depend on their ability to create peace with their neighbors .
The Palestinian leadership has to acknowledge that the battles that they 've been fighting , and the direction that they 've been going in and the rhetoric they 've been employing , has not delivered for their people .
And it is very hard , given the history of that region and the sense of grievance on both sides , to step back and say , let 's be practical and figure out what works .
But I think that 's what the people of Israel and the people in the West Bank and Gaza are desperate for , is just some practical , commonsense approaches that would result in them feeling safe , secure and able to live their lives and educate their children .
ZAKARIA : You 've also said that the chief beneficiary of the Iraq war has been Iran , which now poses a significant strategic threat to , or challenge to , the United States in the region .
If we were to leave Iraq entirely , would that not cede the field to them and allow Iran to consolidate its gains in the region and in the country ?
OBAMA : I do n't think so .
Look , first of all , I have never talked about leaving the field entirely .
What I 've said is that we would get our combat troops out of Iraq , that we would not have permanent bases in Iraq .
I 've talked about maintaining a residual force there to ensure that al Qaeda does not re-form in Iraq , that we 're making sure that we are providing logistical support and potential training to Iraqi forces -- so long as we 're not training sectarian armies that are then fighting each other -- to protect our diplomats , to protect humanitarian efforts in the region .
So , nobody 's talking about abandoning the field .
ZAKARIA : That might be a large force .
OBAMA : Well , it -- you know , I 'm going to make sure that we determine , based on conditions on the ground , how we effectively carry out those limited , temporary missions .
But what is going to prevent Iran from having significant influence inside of Iraq -- or at least , so much influence that Iraq is not functioning -- is to make sure that the government has stood up , that it has capacity , that the Shia , the Sunni , the Kurds have come to the sort of political accommodation that allows them to divide oil revenues that are now coming in quite handsomely , that ensures that , in fact , we 're serious about ending corruption in some of the ministries , that provincial federalist approaches to governance are being observed .
The stronger the Iraqi government is on its own -- not with us , but on its own -- the less likely that Iran is going to exert its influence .
And again , this is -- you know this better than I do , Fareed -- the assumption that , because many in Iraq are Shia , that they automatically are going to align themselves with Iran , ignores the fact that you 've got Arab and Persian cultures that are very different .
And there 's -- if Iraqi
Shias feel that their government is actually functioning , then I think their identity as Iraqis reasserts itself .
If , on the other hand , the perception is that the government in Iraq is just an extension of the U.S. government , then sympathies for the kind of mischief that Iran has been engaged in may increase .
Now , the last point I would make on this is , this is going to be a messy affair .
There 's no elegant and easy solutions to what I believe has been an enormous strategic blunder by this administration .
We 're going to have to work our way through it .
There are going to be -- there 's going to be progress in some areas .
There is going to be slippage in others .
What we do have to make certain of is that , by creating a phased withdrawal in Iraq , that we are mounting the sort of diplomacy and reaching out to our allies in ways that actually strengthen our ability to isolate Iran , if it continues to pursue what are unacceptable foreign policy decisions by their leadership .
ZAKARIA : But you could imagine a situation where , if the Iraqi government wanted it , 30,000 American troops are still in Iraq 10 years from now .
OBAMA : You know , I have been very careful not to put numbers on what a residual force would look like .
What I am absolutely convinced of is that , to maintain permanent bases , to have ongoing combat forces , to have an open - ended commitment of the sort that John McCain and George Bush have advocated , is a mistake .
It is a strategic mistake .
It weakens our ability to go after al Qaeda in Afghanistan .
It continues to fan anti-American sentiment .
I think it allows Iran to more effectively engage in mischief in the region .
And it prevents us from isolating them and making clear to the world that they are the authors of their own isolation by their behavior .
Those costs can not be borne .
And that 's before we even start talking about the hundreds of billions of dollars and American lives that are lost or profoundly disrupted as a consequence of this engagement .
ZAKARIA : You are going to Europe and the Middle East .
You know that in places like France you have 85 percent approval ratings .
Is n't that going to make some Americans very suspicious ?
If all of Europe likes you , if France likes you , there must be something wrong .
OBAMA : Well , I tell you what .
You know , it 's interesting .
As I travel around the country , here in the United States , I think people understand that there has been a price to the diminished regard with which the world holds the United States over the last several years .
It 's something that bothers people .
It 's something that 's brought up .
You know , when I 'm doing a town hall meeting in some rural community , invariably , somebody will raise their hand and they 'll say , " When are we going to restore the respect that the world had for America ? "
And , you know , the American people 's instincts are good .
It 's not just a matter of wanting to be liked .
It 's the fact that , as a consequence of that diminished standing , we have less leverage on a whole host of critical issues that have to be dealt with .
So , I think the American people are ready for a president who is not alienating the world .
And if that president is liked a little bit , well , that 's just a bonus .
Now , I do n't know how long that will last .
We 'll see if my approval ratings hold up after I 'm president .
ZAKARIA : You 're bound to disappoint people .
I mean , with approval ratings that high , it 's bound to be a letdown .
Do n't you think ?
OBAMA : You know , my job is to make sure that , here in the United States , the American people feel confident that I 'm going to be advocating for their interests , that I 'm going to keep them safe .
The way to do that though , I believe , is to make sure that we 're paying attention to the rest of the world , their hopes , their aspirations , as well , and that we 're leading with our values and ideals , and not just with our military .
" Unless you 're Bill Gates you 're just one serious illness away from bankruptcy . "
-- Dr. David Himmelstein , Associate Professor of Medicine at Harvard and lead author of a 2005 study on the relationship between medical bills and banruptcy
You 've probably heard it before : medical costs here in the U.S. are way out of control .
I mean , way , way out of control .
If you do n't have health insurance in this country , you are at risk of financial and physical ruin .
And , based on census reports , over 40 million people in the U.S. do n't have it .
Much of this is because insurance prices along with health care have been rising double - digit percentages each year .
For instance , according to an ABC News report , in 2002 Kaiser Permanente ( a major insurer ) increased premiums for consumers in East Coast states by as much as 75 % .
My own health insurance company hiked their rates 36 % in 2003 , right in the middle of a deflated economy .
Furthermore , a 2004 survey revealed that U.S. hospitals routinely charge uninsured patients four times what they ultimately bill insurance companies for the same procedures .
How they expect people who can't afford coverage in the first place to be able to pay a 400 % markup is beyond me .
Even those with health insurance , particularly those in HMOs , are sometimes denied beneficial care because an insurance agent rather than their physician ultimately decides what care they should receive .
For instance , a 2003 study conducted by the Institute for Ethics at the American Medical Association asked 700 doctors how often they had withheld information about a " useful service to a patient because of health plan rules . " 23 % of the U.S. doctors surveyed said they sometimes did this , and 8 % said they frequently failed to tell their patients about all treatment options because of the rules imposed by the patients ' health plans .
Those who served Medicaid patients were especially likely to not share information with patients .
The situation is slightly better than a few years ago when HMOs could regularly enforce " gag clauses " that barred doctors from even mentioning treatments that the HMOs were n't willing to pay for .
Bad publicity convinced most health companies to drop such clauses , and most ( but not all ) U.S. states have subsequently banned such clauses .
According to Blue Cross Blue Shield of Hawaii , people in the U.S. spent $ 1.3 trillion on medical expenses in 2000 ; this was more than they spent on housing and food ... it 's even more than the government spent on national defense .
Many organizations expect U.S. health care costs to soar to $ 2.6 trillion by 2010 .
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services estimates that American medical expenditures will equal almost 16 % of the nation 's Gross Domestic Product .
But broad statistics are a little abstract , are n't they ?
They get quite a bit more compelling when your friends and loved ones can't pay for insurance or health care .
Take Braunbeck , for instance .
Like many professional writers , he does n't make Rowling / King level paychecks .
He 's often lucky to make what he'd get at a minimum - wage job .
The frustrating part is , that even though he 's sold close to 200 stories and 10 books and is an excellent teacher , he has no college degree and thus he can't get a gig as a writing instructor at a college .
The only other types of jobs he's had are as janitors and orderlies and such , and he really can't do manual labor any more due to back and joint problems .
I , with two college degrees , have only been able to find a very low - paying part - time job after a year and a half of searching .
Braunbeck , with his ten years as a full - time fiction writer and high school diploma and bad back , has had of course no luck whatsoever in finding anything else .
So , health insurance for Braunbeck -- which would cost over $ 250 a month due to his age and history of health issues -- has been way out of reach .
Also like many writers , he has carpal tunnel .
Last year , he had a bad flare - up that caused him excruciating pain ... could n't move his hand , could n't sleep .
This happened around 9 p.m. after all the walk - in clinics closed .
The only option you have for after - hours care in this city is to go to the emergency room .
So we went to the ER of a hospital with an inexpensive , charitable reputation , where we waited around for a couple of hours .
A doctor came by , looked at his hand for about thirty seconds , wrote him a script for anti-inflammatories and painkillers , told him he needed surgery , and had a nurse bring him a wrist splint of the sort that can be purchased at a drug store for $ 15 - $ 20
The bill ?
$ 500 for the 30 - second ER doctor consultation , and $ 120 for the $ 20 wrist splint .
I 'm guessing the nurse did n't make $ 100 for the three minutes it took her to walk it down the hall .
She 'd handed it to him like it was a freebie ; if he'd known the exorbitant charge , he'd have declined the brace , you can be sure .
Braunbeck 's subsequent surgery took place at an outpatient center and took about half an hour from prep time to the nurses ' assistant escorting him to the curb behind the clinic .
It was classic drive - through surgery , the kind that 's supposed to be ultra-economical .
It would have cost him $ 5000 , but the surgeon took pity on Braunbeck 's lack of insurance and knocked his fee down to $ 2500 .
The anaesthesiologist did n't care and charged his full $ 800 .
Flash forward to two weeks ago .
Braunbeck broke his lower left canine tooth on a granola bar , and discovered it had gone bad .
He did n't feel the rot setting in because a few weeks before that he'd had a severe back spasm and had to see his regular doctor ( $ 70 ) to get a script for anti-inflammatories , muscle relaxants , and Vicodin .
So .
Off to the dentist ( $ 46 ) who referred him to an endodontist for a root canal for the rotted canine .
The endo charged him $ 650 for the root canal ( based on my research at dentistry sites , the going rate nationwide ranges from $ 400 to $ 750 , depending on if a dentist or an oral surgeon does it ) and temporary filling on the tooth , then told him he'd need to get his regular dentist to put a crown on it .
He called his dentist today to make an appointment , and found out they want $ 750 to put a crown on the tooth .
Ack .
He 's calling around to see if any of the other dentists friends have referred us to can give him a better price , but I fear he 's stuck , unless he can sign up to be a guinea pig at the OSU dental school .
That 's going to make $ 1450 to fix One .
Single .
Tooth .
That 's more than what it cost me to get all four impacted wisdom teeth cut out of my jaw back in 1992 .
How are we , with my $ 8 / hour McJob and his 5 - cents - a - word checks from publishers who regularly pay months after they 've promised to , supposed to afford this ?
And all this has been fairly minor stuff from a treatment standpoint .
Heaven forbid one of us should really get hurt , or have something major go wrong . *
What good are all these amazing medical advances if regular people can't afford them ?
I can completely see how the U.S. has turned into such a lawsuit - happy society .
Imagine you have an accident or get sicker when treatment does n't go as expected , and as a consequence you face enormous medical bills you have no way of paying .
You can either go bankrupt ... or you can sue somebody ( the guy who could n't brake in time to keep from hitting you , the doctor who misjudged your infection ) and at least have a hope of getting the money to pay your bills .
You would n't have sued , otherwise , because you know people make mistakes ... but you need the money to pay for your treatment and keep the collection agencies from hounding you all day .
So you sue , and win , and after the lawyer 's fees have enough to stay out of bankruptcy court .
In the meantime , all the lawsuits from people like you drive malpractice insurance up and up , which drives medical costs up , up , up , thus spurring on more lawsuits and bankruptcies and on and on .
The winners ?
The law firms and the insurance companies , which get to play both sides of the field .
The losers ?
Doctors and patients and everybody else .
Congress , of course , is composed of millionaires .
Our President has lived a pampered , privileged existence from Day One .
These folks have no concept of what it 's like to have to watch a loved one suffer through pain because you can't afford a doctor ; they 're high on conservative ideology and flush with campaign donations from the insurance companies .
They 've apparently got no motivation whatsoever to try to improve the situation .
morven says Totally and utterly agreed .
I especially agree with the point you make that I 've made a bunch of times : the lack of affordable health care and any kind of social safety net in the U.S. is what makes the place such a sue - happy society .
Why ?
Because the costs of any kind of medical problem can be immense .
Even if you have health insurance .
It constantly amazes me that people in the U.S. do not get just how much the lack of universal heathcare in the US actually costs , both in cold hard cash , and in terms of human suffering .
Universal healthcare would be too expensive ?
Then explain why the current U.S. system costs more , as a percentage of GDP or anything else one cares to name , than the health care systems of any other nation on Earth .
The BooBooKitty says I am 25 years old .
I have n't seen a doctor or dentist in over 15 years .
I probably wo n't ever get to see one .
A nice side effect is that I also have to go to work when I am sick , since I can't afford to call off ( have n't missed a day since 1998 ) .
cbustapeck says I just graduated from college , so I am no longer covered by my parents ' health insurance , and now I have to figure out what the heck I am going to do .
I pay $ 90 a month for Adderall ( or a few dollars less for the generic , which no pharmacies ever seem to have ) , and I have $ 120 visits to a shrink ( who does n't seem to do much ) every four months .
Most health insurance does n't seem interested in covering anything else , either .
And as an artist , with the work I do , I know I 'm going to end up in the emergency room sooner or later .
Either that , or I 'll end up performing stitches on myself again .
( not fun ) .
Sigh .
If you liked this , please check out Installing Linux on a Dead Badger .
Thanks !
The Obama plan is also far more progressive , sharply reducing after - tax incomes for the richest 1 percent of Americans while raising incomes for the bottom 80 percent .
Image Paul Krugman Credit ...
Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
But while $ 700 billion may sound like a lot of money , it ’s probably not enough to pay for universal health care , which was supposed to be the overriding progressive priority in this election .
Why does n’t Mr. Obama propose raising more money ?
Blame the Bush poison pill .
First of all , Mr. Obama  like , to be fair , his main rivals for the Democratic nomination  is n’t willing to challenge the Bush tax cuts as a whole .
He only proposes rolling back tax cuts for those making more than $ 250,000 a year .
Second , Mr. Obama proposes giving back a substantial part of the revenue raised by this partial tax - cut rollback in the form of new tax cuts .
These tax cuts would mainly benefit lower - and - middle - income families , although this ca n’t be said of Mr. Obama ’s plan to eliminate income taxes on seniors with incomes under $ 50,000 : since most seniors already pay no income taxes , this would do nothing for those most in need .
And one wonders why we should create the precedent of exempting particular demographic groups from taxes .
But the big question is , are these tax cuts , however appealing , a top priority ?
The most expensive proposal , under the title Making Work Pay , would give most workers $ 500 in tax credits , at a 10 - year cost of more than $ 700 billion .
Is n’t it more important that workers be assured of health care ?
The problem , I believe , is that even Democrats have bought into the underlying premise of the Bush years  that the best thing you can do for American families , or at least the only thing that can win their votes , is to give them a tax break .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - San Francisco ’s Mayor Gavin Newsom , whose fight to allow same - sex weddings won California court approval last week , expressed outrage on Thursday that San Diego County may allow some clerks to decline to wed homosexuals .
San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom ( C ) holds a press conference at city hall in San Francisco , California , May 15 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Kimberly
White
A split California Supreme Court ruled a week ago that the state ’s law barring gays from marrying was unconstitutional and opened the way to such weddings starting in mid-June .
The decision came after Newsom forced the issue before the courts by briefly allowing gays to marry in 2004 .
On Wednesday , San Diego County Clerk Gregory Smith said he would consider allowing clerks to bow out of processing such marriages if they had moral or religions objections .
“ I was pretty shocked about all that , candidly , and pretty outraged , ” Newsom told Reuters in an interview .
“ This is a civil marriage that civil servants have a responsibility to provide , so for civil servants on religious grounds to start passing judgments , they , I think , are breaking the core tenet of what civil service is all about . ”
“ I ’ve got very strong religious beliefs .
So now , all of a sudden , I do n’t have to do certain things , even though that ’s my responsibility as mayor ? ”
The latest flap showed that gay marriage remains very contentious in the nation ’s most populous state even after the legal decision cleared the way to make California only the second U.S. state to allow gays to marry after Massachusetts .
The legal fight could also continue .
Late on Thursday , a group opposing gay marriage filed a petition asking the state Supreme Court to rehear the case .
The mayor , who said he will wed his actress girlfriend in a ceremony in Montana this summer , suggested that clerks who refused to marry gays in California should lose their jobs .
“ If that is their job and they are going to be able to pick and choose based on their morality , then all of a sudden they are not doing their jobs , ” said Newsom , a Democrat thinking about running for governor to succeed Arnold Schwarzenegger .
“ If you do n’t want to provide a marriage certificate and you ’ve got a job that does that , then you should think twice about why you got the job in the first place and maybe you should get a new job , ” he continued .
“ Talk about a slippery slope , Mr. County Clerk down in San Diego . ”
Smith in San Diego did not return calls for comment .
In the interview , Newsom also said he expected a business boom from gay weddings across the state starting in June for hotels , caterers , clothing stores , jewelry stores and others .
The possibility of a California constitutional amendment on the November ballot could again halt gay marriages , making the decision to wed in the state before then all the more pressing .
“ I think we are going to see tens of thousands of couples , ” he said .
“ It will certainly be millions in spending . ”
Welcome to pinkvote.com
FREE Whois Privacy
FREE Parking ( you keep 100 % of the revenue ! )
Industry Leading Domain Security
Powerful Domain Management Tools
Fast , Simple and Easy Processes
API Access
NO HIDDEN FEES !
This domain is parked free of charge with NameSilo.com .
NameSilo offers the cheapest domains on the Internet as well as :
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
In classic contrarian style , some Wall Street pros are happy the bear is back .
No , they are n't sadistic .
It 's just that in the majority of bear markets going back to the 1950s , stocks , on average , rose soundly during the one , two , three , six and 12 months after the markets were first labeled as bears .
A bear market is typically defined as a drop of at least 20 % off the cyclical highs .
As of Tuesday , all three major gauges are in bear market territory , having closed down at least 20 % off the October highs , or in the case of the S&P 500 , 19.9 % ( which S&P considers close enough to be called a bear ) .
On the upside , the bloodletting means a big recovery for all three indexes could be in the works .
" It 's often when the market feels so terrible that that 's when the best opportunities arise , " said Katie Townshend , chief market technician at MKM Partners .
" When everyone jumps on the bear . "
Townshend said a variety of factors she looks at are in that ' so bad it 's not so bad ' category of contrarian indicators , including measures of investor sentiment and the percentage of stocks in the S&P 500 that have been beaten up enough to warrant being called " oversold . "
For example , she said investor sentiment as measured by research firm Investors Intelligence is at its most bearish since March .
And the latest survey from the American Association of Individual Investors ( AAII ) shows sentiment at its most bearish since June and near the peak levels hit in January .
Meanwhile , the percentage of S&P 500 stocks that are oversold on both a daily and weekly basis are at the highest levels since March .
The weekly level , which is the more long - term indicator , shows that 60 % of S&P stocks are oversold , up from 54 % in January , she said .
" The major gauges feel like they did going into the March lows , " Townshend said .
That decline led to a bounce through mid-May that the market has since erased .
But a longer - term outlook could be the key .
She said that the market , as demonstrated by the S&P 500 , is sitting at a critical point right now and that if it can end the current week without big losses , it will be in good shape to see a bounce several months out .
Minding the bears .
Going back to 1956 , there have been 9 other bear markets , according to Standard & Poor 's chief investment strategist Sam Stovall .
According to Stovall , the S&P typically fell into bear territory about 9 months after the previous market top and the average bear market lasted about 14 months .
The current market peaked in October - around 9 months ago .
Looking at stock market performance in the year after hitting bear market territory , Stovall found that the average results were always positive .
In the one , two , three , six and 12 months after seeing a bear , the S&P 500 gained an average of 3 % , 5.6 % , 4.7 % , 6.7 % and 16.5 % , respectively .
Bill Stone , chief investment strategist at PNC Financial Services Group also conducted a survey of stock performance in the months after first falling into bear market territory and found equally promising results .
But there are of course exceptions .
Big ones .
" 1973 was bad , " Stone said .
The S&P 500 was down 27 % around 12 months after that bear .
The end of the early 2001 bear market also proved unimpressive , Stone said , with the S&P 500 down 1.2 % a year later .
But the aftermath of the most recent bear market was more positive .
Wall Street last saw a bear in 2002 , following the collapse of the late 1990s tech bubble , the recession of 2001 and the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
That year , the Dow was in a bear market for about 7 months and dropped 31.5 % , according to the Stock Trader 's Almanac , while the S&P 500 was in a bear market for 9 months and shed almost 46 % .
The Nasdaq was also in a 9 - month bear market and lost nearly 34 % .
After bottoming in October 2002 , stocks rallied back more or less for the next 5 years , seeing the third - longest bull market in history before hitting the current hump .
Between the October 2002 lows and the October 2007 all - time high for the S&P 500 , the index gained 101 % .
Other big bounces happened in 1980 , 1987 and 1990 .
In all three instances , the S&P 500 was up at least 20 % six months later .
On the downside , bear markets do n't typically end once the index in question has slumped 20 % .
Some last a lot longer .
On the upside , bear markets do n't typically last as long nowadays as they used to , with the biggest collapse in history happening in 1929 - a year that is unlikely to be replicated .
Editor 's Note : Each Wednesday LiveScience examines the viability of emerging energy technologies — the power of the future .
Sloshing back and forth in constant rhythm , the ocean 's tides are a predictable source of renewable energy .
Hoping to tap into this , the world 's largest tidal turbine is set to start generating electricity this month .
The installation of the SeaGen marine current generator was completed this past May in Strangford Lough , a large inlet on the coast of Northern Ireland .
The system , designed and built by Marine Current Turbines Ltd. , has two rotors that each span 16 meters ( 52 feet ) in diameter .
" The technology is very analogous to wind , except we are doing everything underwater , " said Peter Fraenkel , the company 's technical director .
The maximum power output of the SeaGen will be 1.2 megawatts — four times more than any other turbine .
Operating for roughly 20 hours per day , it is expected to supply 1,000 homes .
Go with the flow and the ebb
The $ 20 million SeaGen is a single tower , moored to the seafloor a quarter mile ( 400 meters ) from shore .
It is designed to catch both the incoming ( flow ) and outgoing ( ebb ) tides by rotating its two rotors 180 degrees .
No power is generated during tide changes , as the turbine only works when the water is moving 2 knots ( 2.3 mph ) or more .
The rotor blades are similar to those on wind turbines .
That 's because the same basic physics applies to wind streams and tidal currents .
The big difference is that water is much denser than air , so it puts more stress on tidal system structures .
" The bad news is tidal turbines can't be as big as wind turbines , " Fraenkel told LiveScience .
" But the good news is that they do n't need to be , " since water carries more energy per area than air .
As a case in point : a wind turbine would need to be 65 meters ( 210 feet ) in diameter to achieve the same 1.2 megawatts of power as SeaGen .
Just like clockwork
The other difference with wind is that tidal energy is completely predictable .
" Tides are not driven by weather , but instead by the relative motion of the moon , sun and Earth , " Fraenkel explained .
" You can predict what the tides will be 20 years ahead , whereas you can't tell if it will be windy . "
The site at Strangford Lough was chosen because it has very fast tidal flows that reach up to 8 knots ( 9 mph ) .
These strong currents caused some problems during the installation of SeaGen .
Likewise , other tidal projects have had difficulty with the unwieldy ocean .
" The whole point is to put these things in the most energetic environments , " said Eoin Sweeney , head of the ocean energy development unit of Sustainable Energy Ireland .
" By definition , they are going to be tricky places to work . "
The Paris - based International Energy Agency has estimated that the global tidal energy potential is around 800 billion kilowatt - hours per year ( about 5 percent of current world demand ) .
This is considerably less than the potential of wind and wave energy .
Making sushi ?
Stand - alone turbines are not the only way to capture tidal energy .
In fact , a 240 - megawatt tidal barrage has been working in La Rance , France , for over 40 years .
It 's essentially a large hydroelectric dam that gets its water from the incoming tide .
Although other tidal barrages have been built over the years , they have fallen out of favor because they completely alter the flow of water in what are often sensitive coastal eco-systems .
Turbines are thought to be more environmentally friendly .
Even so , there are concerns over the turbine blades " making sushi " out of unsuspecting marine life .
Fraenkel thinks this is unlikely since the blade tips move at most 15 meters per second ( 33 mph ) , slower than some boats .
Ongoing studies into the environmental impact and long - term reliability of tidal turbines may decide the industry 's future .
" We 're in a bit of a crystal - ball - gazing period right now , " Sweeney said .
But he predicts an increase of development over the next five years .
Eight years after Al Gore ’s bitter pill , observers warn that Obama could face his own case of the popular vote winner 's blues .
Obama could win vote , lose election
Until 2000 , it had n’t happened in more than 100 years , but plugged - in observers from both parties see a distinct possibility of Barack Obama winning the popular vote but losing the Electoral College — and with it the presidency — to John McCain .
Here ’s the scenario : Obama racks up huge margins among the increasingly affluent , highly educated and liberal coastal states , while a significant increase in turnout among black voters allows him to compete — but not to win — in the South .
Meanwhile , McCain wins solidly Republican states such as Texas and Georgia by significantly smaller margins than Bush ’s in 2004 and ekes out narrow victories in places such as North Carolina , which Bush won by 12 points but Rasmussen presently shows as a tossup , and Indiana , which Bush won by 21 points but McCain presently leads by just 11 .
Advertisement
One possible result : Even as the national mood moves left , the 2004 map largely holds .
Obama ’s 32 new electoral votes from Nevada , New Mexico , Colorado and Virginia are offset by 21 new electoral votes for McCain in Michigan and New Hampshire — and despite a 2 - or 3 - point popular vote victory for Obama , America wakes up on Jan. 20 to a President McCain .
According to Tad Devine , who served as the chief political consultant for Al Gore in 2000 and as a senior adviser to John F. Kerry in 2004 , “ it certainly is a possibility .
Not a likelihood , but it is a real possibility . ”
Some observers , such as Joseph Mercurio , a political consultant and pollster who worked on Sen .
Joe Biden ’s Democratic primary bid , see this as unlikely given the dramatic increase in Democratic Party enrollment and President Bush ’s near record - low approval rating .
Also skeptical is Nate Silver , a political cult - favorite blogger whose statistical model — which factors in population change since electoral votes were last allocated in the 2000 census — shows McCain as more likely than Obama to lose the Electoral College while winning the popular vote .
But others , pointing to the competitiveness of the past two elections , predict that this will be another such tight race .
If they ’re proven correct , this would be the fourth in the past five elections , making for the most closely contested run of presidential contests since those spanning the popular vote - Electoral College splits of 1876 and 1888 .
Hank Sheinkopf , president of Sheinkopf Communications and an adviser to Bill Clinton in 1996 , warns that such a split “ is anything but impossible . ”
While he gives Obama a slight edge in the general election “ because he does n’t have George Bush riding with him , ” he predicts that “ Obama ’s going to get big votes for a Democrat in the Southern states but not enough to win any new electoral votes .
So it ’s a distinct possibility that he could lose the entire South , split the Midwest ” and end up not as president but rather as the second coming of Al Gore .
When asked the odds of this playing out , he offers “ 50 - 50 . ”
Devine points out that Bush ’s strategy in 2004 “ was predicated on massive base turnout ” that pushed up margins in safe states .
He does n’t “ expect the McCain campaign to be directed the same way — using issues like gay marriage on the ballot to get the base to the polls — so McCain wo n’t have the same forces at play to drive out the popular vote . ”
Recalling the impact of Ralph Nader ’s third - party run in 2000 , Devine also wonders if Bob Barr ’s Libertarian run might play out differently , costing McCain popular — but not electoral — votes , while producing another popular - electoral split .
Lloyd M. Green , who served as research counsel to George Bush in 1988 , also rates Obama a slight favorite and predicts that , if the Democrat does win , he ’ll do so with “ even larger margins in New York and California than in the last several elections [ in 2004 , Kerry won the two states by a combined margin of a little more than 2.5 million votes ] , and yet with all that margin run-up in safe states , this will end up a tight general election . ”
In a sentiment also expressed by Sheinkopf and Green , Devine sees little chance of this happening if Obama wins the popular vote by more than 4 points .
“ But if he gets it by 2 or 3 points , it is plausible , " he said .
" Absolutely . ”
Green , who sees “ about a 20 percent chance ” of Obama winning the popular vote while losing the Electoral College , does n’t expect anything resembling a blowout : “ Given that the only clear and clean majorities [ since 1992 ] were in 1996 and 2004 , ... this election will have the ferocity of all recent elections . ”
It ’s a tough trend to buck , he argued , noting that “ Americans traditionally change their religious affiliations more often than their party affiliations . ”
Douglas J. Feith ’s new book War and Decision .
Inside the Pentagon at the Dawn of the War on Terrorism is an old - fashioned morality tale written by a man with little discernible moral sense or any real concern for the truth .
In a nutshell , Feith ’s story resembles a 1930s cowboy movie .
In the white hats are Feith , Donald Rumsfeld , Paul Wolfowitz and such of their retainers as Zalmay Khalilzad , John Bolton , Victor Davis Hanson , and R. James Woolsey .
Here , according to Feith , is a team that exists only to support the president by considering all issues from every angle [ p. 334 ] and which refuses to gain political advantage by leaking to the media .
[ pp.250-252 ]
In the black hats are all those who are blind to the pure motives and sage brilliance of what Feith calls “ Rumsfeld ’s team . ”
The hats of the State Department and the CIA in this movie are particularly black because officials from both undermined the president and betrayed their country by disagreeing with Rumsfeld ’s team .
Feith ’s horse - opera - like script will be familiar to all who read this book , and it should have had a happy ending except for the fact that Feith , like all neoconservatives , lives in a parallel universe where he defines reality and only his ideas are valid , pure , and good for America .
As a result , and despite 528 pages of text , Feith unwittingly explains how he and Rumsfeld ’s team brought America unmitigated disasters in Afghanistan and Iraq .
He also shows how delusional the Bush administration is in its day - to - day modus operandi ; to paraphrase a Celtic warrior ’s words about the Romans , the Bush administration creates catastrophes for America and calls them successes .
Nowhere is this more obvious than in Feith ’s Hitlerian big lie about the total success the Bush administration achieved by putting Hamid Karzai in power in Afghanistan [ pp. 135 , 143 , 145 , 152 , 253 , 372 , 458 ] .
It is obvious to all with an eye to see that Rumsfeld , Feith , Wolfowitz , George Tenet , Colin Powell , and Condoleezza Rice knew nothing about Afghan history or its ethnic and tribal structure ; ignored the lessons of the harrowing military disasters experienced in Afghanistan by Alexander , the British , and the Soviets ; picked Karzai as leader , a man who represented no one but himself ; sent an amateurishly small military force to fight al - Qaeda and the Taliban ; and naively believed that winning the battle of the Afghan cities equaled winning the Afghan war .
The current situation in Afghanistan makes it clear that a few more of what Feith described as total successes will defeat the United States .
Feith is quick to explain that the invasion of Iraq really had nothing to do with any of the issues the Bush administration hawked as the basis for war .
Saddam ’s supposed WMD arsenal was not the cause and it was given too much weight by Secretary of State Powell [ p. 354 ] .
Also not reasons for war were Saddam ’s breaking of UN sanctions [ p. 181 ] or the Bush administration ’s goal of creating a secular democracy in Iraq and spreading it across the Arab world .
[ pp. 234-235 ]
( NB : Feith takes President Bush to task for talking too much about democracy building .
[ p. 392 ] ) And , Feith reports , Saddam ’s purported connections with al - Qaeda were never highlighted in the administration ’s discussions and were a minor concern . [ pp. 48 , 215 , 324 ]
No , Feith says , the central reason America invaded Iraq was because of the “ legitimate ” fear that somehow , someday , sometime Saddam Hussein just might give a WMD to an unidentified terrorist group that might use it inside the United States . [ p. 491-92 ]
Feith gives not the first shred of evidence as to why the administration believed this to be a possibility ; he speaks only of the “ intense concern that a hostile state , working with a terrorist group , could precipitate a catastrophic attack on us . ” [ p. xi ]
Feith ’s words smack of nothing so much as a cynical after - the - fact justification for the administration ’s deliberate misleading of American on the reasons for war .
But whenever this particular casus belli was dreamed - up , it can be quickly and absolutely dismissed .
If the Bush administration was the least bit interested in making sure there would not be a nuclear detonation inside the United States , it would have bent every effort to complete the securing of the Former Soviet Union ’s nuclear arsenal  a program now underway since 1991  as well as to lock up the substantial amount of fissile material that continues to be less than fully secured at research and power reactors around the world .
The Bush administration , however , followed the example of Mr. Clinton ’s and cut personnel and funding for the effort .
There also is no indication in Feith ’s book that the Pentagon made sure that Iraq ’s numerous WMD scientists were , first , accounted for , and , second , later kept check on , although Feith says “ the existence of WMD programs ”  and implicitly the scientists who ran them  “ was far more important [ in the decision for war ] than the question of [ WMD ] stockpiles . ” [ p. 225 ]
If the Iraqi WMD scientists have been allowed to wander from the country and find work with other regimes or groups since Iraq fell , Saddam ’s biggest contribution to WMD proliferation was made courtesy of the Rumsfeld team .
After thus admirably explaining that there was only a theory - based , not a reality - based justification for the Iraq war , Feith then deploys the neoconservatives ’ tried - and - true tactic of analysis by assertion , a method of argument that presents glib lies in the place of facts .
Here is just a sampling .
 “ The dead of the Pentagon and the World Trade Center and on Flight 93 had been murdered simply as symbolic U.S. targets . ” [ p.4 ]
Nonsense .
The 9/11 attacks followed al - Qaeda ’s 1996 declaration of war against the United States for what it perceived as attacks by U.S. foreign policy on Islam .
There was nothing “ symbolic ” about the attacks ; they were an act of war .
They occurred because the Clinton and Bush administrations consciously chose not to adequately defend America .
 “ If the proper priority of U.S. action was to prevent the next attack , then the enemy was not just the particular group responsible for the 9/11 hijackings .
It was the wider network of terrorists and their backers that might organize additional , large - scale strikes against the United States  no doubt inspired and energized by the “ success of 9/11 . ” [ p.6 ]
In other words , how do we neoconservatives twist a specific act of war against the United States by a specific group so that we can address Israel ’s security agenda 
Iraq , Iran , Hezbollah , Syria etc .
 even though that means we will not devote all U.S. resources to annihilating al - Qaeda , and American lives and treasure will be wasted fighting other peoples ’ wars ?
The answer was of course to lie about Iraq ’s culpability for 9/11 and the threat it posed to the United States , attack a main enemy of Israel , and leave the al - Qaeda threat to America largely intact .
 “ Wolfowitz warned against focusing narrowly on al - Qaeda and Afghanistan .
The next 9/11 , after all , could come from other organizations and places in the global terrorist map . ” [ p.49 ]
Imagine this argument in a different context :
In a cabinet meeting just hours after Pearl Harbor , the Undersecretary of War warned President Roosevelt against Washington too narrowly focusing on Imperial Japan when responding to the events of 7 December 1941 .
He urged that considerable resources be diverted from war against Japan to make sure no strikes against America came from Brazil , Siam , or another unexpected quarter , perhaps Paraguay .
 “ In a little more than three weeks after 9/11 , the Defense Department had helped the President set a course for a war that was ambitious in scope and unprecedented in its goals .
As an element of this , the department had produced from scratch a war plan for Afghanistan . ” [ p.87 ]
Because al - Qaeda knew when the 9/11 attacks were going to occur and we did not , the “ little more than three weeks after 9/11 ” Feith speaks of allowed al - Qaeda and the Taliban to evacuate their most important cadre , materiel , and files from Afghanistan .
Feith also makes clear that Rumsfeld did not have a clue about the elusive and quick - moving enemy America faced : “ Rumsfeld questioned the assumption that the United States had to respond to 9/11 with immediate military strikes [ and even ] raised the idea of deferring military strikes in Afghanistan . ” [ pp. 66 , 82 -83 ]
The plain fact is that the Department of Defense  five - plus years after al - Qaeda declared war  was caught without any plans to defend America against al - Qaeda , or any plans to reach out and squash the group before it could disperse .
Feith ’s attempt to divert Americans from this reality also is an effort to deny that those fellows in the blackest black hats  the CIA field officers  had hit the ground in Afghanistan long before any U.S. military units ; had lined up the Afghan allies and military facilities that helped win the battle of the Afghan cities ; and had the coffee brewing when , at long last , the Pentagon put in place enough search - and - rescue capability to commit U.S. troops .
 “ When Rumsfeld , Wolfowitz , or I used the phrase end the occupation , ’ [ L. Paul ]
Bremer would reply that many Iraqis would still say they were under occupation so long as large numbers of U.S. troops were in their country .
He had a point , but we thought it mattered whether the Iraqi government was run by Americans or Iraqis .
There was a difference between occupation as an accusation and occupation as a legal fact . ” [ p.463 ]
Apparently Feith has never experienced foreign military occupation ; perhaps he should spend a year living in the West Bank .
The irrelevant , academic hair - splitting Feith does in the paragraph above is emblematic of the vast failure of common sense that was endemic in Rumsfeld ’s team and the White House .
Not once in his book does Feith  or any other members of Neocon , Inc. ,  make an effort to assess the overwhelmingly negative impact the U.S. - led invasion and occupation of Iraq has had on the Muslim world ’s perception of Washington ’s intentions toward Islam .
Indeed , there is no indication in the book that anyone in the Bush administration  save for those traitorous black hats at State and CIA  even for a moment considered that the invasion of Iraq would have an impact beyond Iraq .
Feith claims that some worst case scenarios were sketched out in memos , but nowhere is there any evidence to suggest that he or any other U.S. leader made an attempt to explain why the United States would be immune to the disasters that befell Britain in Iraq and the USSR , Britain , and Alexander the Great in Afghanistan .
In the end , it was not immune in either place , and that lack of immunity was entirely predictable .
Feith now holds a professorship at Georgetown University ; given the mediocre brainpower exposed during his stint in government and in writing this book , it is a good thing he teaches because he probably could not gain admission there as a student .
 “ At the time [ 13 September 2001 ] it was a common assumption among government officials that a global war on terrorism would , at some point , involve some kind of showdown with Iraq  a known sponsor of terrorists . ” [ p.48 ]
If it was a common assumption , it was a stupid one .
Saddam Hussein was the single most important ally of the United States against al - Qaeda and its allies , and he was the best kind of ally because he did what America needed done without our having to coax , pay , or coerce him to do so .
As long as Saddam was in power , the jihadis were stuck in place in South Asia and they were not coming west to permanent bases because the Iraqi intelligence and military services lethally greeted them on arrival .
Saddam surely supported Palestinian terrorists , but so what ; they attacked Israel not the United States .
For America , Saddam was the cork in the neck of the bottle that kept the Sunni Islamists penned - up .
Feith and his neocon sidekicks pull the cork from the bottle and now the jihadis have moved 2,500 km west to more seriously threaten the Arab Peninsula , the Levant , Europe and Israel .
In this regard , there seems to be a newly emerging iron law of history ; to wit ; everything the Neocons do in the name of helping Israel  such as hyping the threat from state sponsors of terrorism , invading Iraq , and urging war with Iran  digs Israel ’s grave a bit faster and a bit deeper .
There is more than a bit of poetic justice in that .
Much more could be said about Feith ’s book : it champions opposing views of the same issue if it serves this neocon apologia , particularly on the issue of insisting on a nation ’s right to self - determination as long as an Islamic government is not elected [ p. 287-88 ] ; it is , with great thoroughness and consistency , internally contradictory on many issues , especially on the issue of overseas democracy building and the Saddam - al - Qaeda non-connection [ pp. 410 , 259-67 ] ; and it is wholly and willfully ignorant of the fact that U.S. foreign policy is motivating the growing Islamist foe against whom America is now fighting in a broadening war . [ p. 505 ]
Throughout Decision and War , Feith states in varying formulations that “ no dereliction of statesmanship is as unpardonable as a failure to protect the nation ’s security . ” [ p. 524 ]
He is absolutely correct in this , but he is totally blind to the fact that through his efforts and those of Rumsfeld ’s team and the Bush administration , U.S. national security is much weaker in 2008 than it was on 9/11 .
And so is Israel’s .
You should NEVER use these 8 bad words in your website sales copy , blog posts , articles , emails and any letters . . . unless on the rare occasion when you have no other choice as I have explained .
WHY ?
Because these bad words are costing you sales – hence ‘ Sales Suicide ’ !
With each word , I have given you examples and alternative uses with the correct word .
The first example uses the ‘ BAD WORD ’ in each case .
Bad Word 1 : ‘ Learn ’
Learn implies you have to make an effort , you have to work and worse still , can give you nightmares of being back in 5th grade in school where your teacher cracked a ruler over your knuckles .
Instead of using ‘ Learn ’ say . . . ‘ Discover ’ .
The whole worlds wants to discover .
After all why do you think the ‘ discovery channel ’ is so popular ?
Example :
“ Learn 12 Easy Ways to Get Your Date to Sleep With You On The First Date . ”
OR
“ Discover 12 Easy Ways to Get Your Date to Sleep With You on The First Date . ”
Bad Word 2 : ‘ Tell ’
No one likes to be told what to do unless you are a ‘ submissive ’ being dominated by your master .
People are happy for you to ‘ reveal ’ to them though .
Do n’t use ‘ tell ’ . . . use ‘ reveal ’.
Imagine if you tell your wife anything . . . she is likely to smack you around the left ear and get very upset .
If you reveal something to her though , it ’s a different story .
Example :
“ I will tell you the truth when you sit down and become rational my love ”
OR
” I will reveal the truth when you sit down and become rational my love ”
Bad Word 3 : ‘ But ’
But is so poorly used in sentences , is used too often and costs you sales .
Being a conjunction word ( words which join other words ) , ‘ but ’ introduces a word or sentence which contrasts or contradicts your preceding sentence or statement and it ’s also a negative .
So , after you have built up a positive aspect of your sentence and get the hopes up of your reader or prospect , when you then say . . . ‘ but ’ . . . you can deflate them , undo all the hard work you have done and lose them forever .
Instead of saying ‘ but ’ use . . . ‘ however ’.
Which means : , ’nevertheless ’ , ’ none the less ’ , ‘ in spite of , even so ’ etc. and allows you to tone down or adjust the tone of what you are saying without you risking a potential sale or a reader from your blog etc .
Generally , when you use but , you would pause , so use pause breaks when writing as you should write like you speak .
Pause breaks are the 3 little dots . . .
Example :
“ Mommy told me not to smack my kid sister . . . but the little cow was annoying the hell out of me ”
OR
“ Mommy told me not to smack my kid sister . . . however the little cow was annoying the hell out of me ”
This is a tongue in cheek example .
Bad Word 4 : ‘ Buy ’
No , I am not on crack !
Sure you want people to buy your products and services . . . however they do not want to be blatantly sold to .
When you use the word ‘ buy ’ it means people must pay $ $ $ .
Instead of saying ‘ buy ’ say . . . ‘ claim ’ or ‘ invest ’.or ‘ reserve ’ .
People like to make an investment or to make a claim .
You can also use ‘ reserve ’ instead of buy .
When you make a hotel reservation , you know darn well you are paying for it and buying your night / s in the hotel room . . . you reserve your room .
You never ring up to ‘ buy ’ a room unless you go to one of those hotels which rent rooms by the hour !
Example :
“ Click here now to buy your copy of the Persuasive Writing Sells Course ”
OR
“ Click here now to claim your copy of Persuasive Writing Sells Course ”
OR
“ Click here now to invest in your copy of Persuasive Writing Sells Course ”
OR
“ Click here now to reserve your copy of Persuasive Writing Sells Course ”
Bad Word 5 : ‘ If ’
There are times where saying ‘ if ’ is still appropriate .
Another conjunction word which is supposing or assuming and is generally used to introduce a condition or choice for your readers .
Instead of saying if , say . . . ‘ when ’ .
‘ When ’ is a command word , has some NLP techniques and is more powerful , when used in the correct context .
Example :
“ If you go to the store honey , can you get me a case of beer . ”
OR
“ When you go to the store honey can you get me a case of beer . ”
“ If you want to get more traffic , more conversions and more sales . . . this could be the most important letter you ever read . ”
OR
“ When you want to get more traffic , more conversions and more sales . . . this could be the most important letter you ever read . ”
Bad Word 6 : ‘ Things ’
This word suggests you are clueless as to what you are really trying to say or sell .
It ’s also a generality when . . . where possible , you should be specific .
People use ‘ things ’ when they have nothing left to say or are just too bloody lazy .
Instead of saying ‘ things ’ you can use : tips , tricks . . . or techniques .
Example :
“ Discover 5 things your competitor ’s will never know ”
OR
“ Discover 5 tips your competitor ’s will never know ”
OR
“ Discover 5 tricks your competitor ’s will never know ”
OR
“ Discover 5 techniques your competitor ’s will never know ”
Seriously . . . the best place for ‘ thing ’ is in the Addam ’s Family tv show where ‘ it ’ belongs !
It was called thing because no one knew what the heck it was other than a hand !
Bad Word 7 : ‘ Stuff ’
Just like the word ‘ things ’ . . . ‘ stuff ’ is used when people are clueless and have nothing else to say .
No one wants you to tell them some stuff .
No , they want to know insider secrets .
Instead of saying ‘ stuff ’ say . . . ‘ insider secrets ’ or ‘ secrets ’ .
When you know something and they do n’t – then it ’s an insider secret , NOT stuff !
Example :
“ Discover the stuff dreams are made of ”
OR
“ Discover the insider secrets which dreams are made of ”
OR
“ Discover the 7 insider secrets which dreams are made of ”
Yes , everyone loves a secrets .
I mean , have you ever heard anyone say . . .
Pssst do you want to know stuff ?
No , I did n’t think so !
You would have heard :
Psssst . . . do you want to know a secret ?
Bad Word 8 : ‘ That ’
Of all the 8 Bad words you should never say . . . ‘ that ’ sucks the most and is by far the most over used fluff and filler word ever .
I have witness people using ‘ that ’s 6 - 8 times in one paragraph alone .
‘ That ’ . . . is another conjunction word which connects clauses .
In most cases , you do not need ‘ that ’ in your message .
The biggest time ’ that ’ sucks is when it ’s followed by ‘ the’ . . . as in ‘ that the’ .
In these cases , you can remove ‘ that ’ as it ’s not needed .
Do n’t use ‘ that . . . say ‘ which ’ or ‘ this ’ or delete ‘ that ’ altogether !
When ‘ which ’ does n’t make your sentence flow . . . you can try changing that to ‘ this ’ , as in some cases ‘ this ’ works perfectly .
Example :
“ She told me that the movie was great to see . ”
OR
“ She told me the move was great to see ” .
When you use ‘ that ’ as a pronoun . . . change ‘ that ’ to ‘ which ’ .
Examples :
“ What I want to share with you today are all the little tips and tricks I have compiled over the years that has allowed me to have the most lavish garden with a minimum of expense ” .
OR
“ What I want to share with you today are all the little tips and tricks I have compiled over the years which have allowed me to have the most lavish garden with a minimum of expense ” .
NOTE :
When you ca n’t substitute that for which , then in 99.8 % of cases , you can delete ‘ that ’ and your sentence will still flow and you have just tightened the words ( edited your copy ) within your message .
“ Dedicated to Kicking YOUR Ass Until YOU Succeed !’
Warmly
Trevor ‘ Toe Cracker ’ Crook
PS .
You can also Watch the ‘ 8 Bad Words ’ Video here :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-09D7Vi4XA
No related posts .
Related posts brought to you by Yet Another Related Posts Plugin .
Firefox only ( Windows / Mac / Linux ) : The FireNes Firefox extension integrates over 2000 old - school NES games with your favorite browser .
Once you install FireNes and fire it up ( either through the Tools menu or the optional toolbar button ) , you can browse the enormous library of games in your Firefox sidebar and play any one of your 8 - bit favorites at the click of your mouse .
Advertisement
Alternately , if you 'd prefer not to install another extension , you can get similar goods add - on - free at web sites like previously mentioned vNES or Nintendo8 .
Either way , use wisely ; this is a bit of weekend fun , but let 's not get carried away when the time to get things done rolls back around .
FireNes is free , Firefox only , requires Java .
Advertisement
Play your favorite NES games online Web site vNES lets you play any of over 200 NES games online , in your browser .
Read more
FireNes ( English translation )
Hulk Hogan Exposes Death Threat Voice Mail from Frank Graziano
Whoa , whoa , whoa , , radio host and friend of the Hogan family has in his possession some pretty explicit voice mail messages left forand his family , allegedly by hospital ridden 's brother , Frank .
The audio is very graphic so be prepared .
Death threats and promises of retaliation run rampant .
There is currently an open investigation going on by the Clearwater police department on these very threatening tapes .
TMZ has the voice footage .
This mess only seems to be getting bigger and bigger by the day .
Hopefully some kind of truce will happen before someone else gets hurt .
At least Nick Bollea is safely behind bars where he is serving an 8 month jail term .
Photos of the Hogans below .
Photos : WENN
Harold Pollack argues that Democrats should refrain from trashing Cindy McCain for her history of drug addiction .
There 's no shame in being a recovering addict -- or an active user for that matter , provided your habit is n't hurting other people .
However , Cindy McCain chose to feed her addiction in particularly loathsome ways .
When you 're as rich and well - connected as she is , there are ways to feed a prescription drug habit that do n't involve pressuring your underlings to commit crimes on your behalf .
Cindy McCain stole drugs from a medical charity .
It does n't get much lower than that .
Worse still , she used her employees ' names to obtain drugs , and even enlisted some her her staff to pick up those prescriptions on her behalf .
She also used the DEA numbers of multiple physicians who worked for the American Voluntary Medical Team to obtain drugs , often without the doctors ' knowledge .
( Cf. Laura Silverman 's excellent reporting on the McCain drug scandal . )
Doctors can be bankrupted and even prosecuted for irregular prescribing patterns .
So , McCain was risking the futures of multiple families when she ordered hundreds of pain pills on the sly .
One of the doctors who worked with McCain at AVMT lost his license to practice medicine over the diversion scandal .
Cindy McCain 's self - indulgence ruined lives .
She has publicly apologized for taking the drugs without permission , but I 'm not aware of any apologies for pressuring her employees to risk their futures to feed her addiction .
Ironically , part of her diversion from criminal prosecution involved joining Narcotics Anonymous -- which stipulates that an addict must make amends to those she has harmed .
That 's not a step Cindy appears to have taken to heart in her dealings with her former emplyee , Tom Gosinski , the main whistleblower in this case .
Gosinski alleges that Cindy fired him from AVMT for knowing too much about her drug habit .
Gosinski also tipped off the DEA to McCain after he left the charity .
He came forward in part because he was afraid that Cindy had filed prescriptions in his name , a suspicion that turned out to be justified .
When he sued Cindy for wrongful dismissal , she levied spurious accusations of blackmail against him .
Cindy McCain let Gosinski go in January 1993 , ostensibly because AVMT could n't afford to pay him .
Gosinski alleges that she fired him because he knew too much about her drug addiction and her penchant for pilfering pills from the charity .
Gosinski filed a wrongful dismissal suit against McCain in January 1994 , just ahead of the 1 - year statute of limitations .
The entire basis of the extortion complaint was a letter from Goskinski's lawyers asking for a $ 250,000 settlement .
McCain and her spokesman lied to the press when they claimed that Gosinski threatened to take the case to the DEA if he did n't get the settlement .
In fact , he went to the DEA months before he filed the lawsuit .
Frankly , the character of a First Spouse is rock - bottom on my list of desiderata for a presidential candidate .
As Harold says , we should abide by the norms of our moral universe , if we decide to bring up Cindy McCain 's history of addiction .
I would argue that our morality requires us to call out double standards where we see them .
The mere possibility that Michelle Obama uttered the word " whitey " was enough to send the whole country into a tizzy for several days .
Yet , nobody seems to care about the fact that Cindy McCain enlisted her employees to help her steal Vicodin from her own charity .
This whole episode underscores the rock bottom Republican truth :
There are two sets of rules .
One for the rich and powerful and one for everyone else .
In a previous post , Scalable Web Apps : Erlang +
Python , I talked broadly about using HTTP to make external applications talk to an Erlang cluster over the internet or network .
The following code is an example of a MochiWeb server set up to receive HTTP requests with embedded JSON .
HTTP is basically used as a nice wrapper around whatever data is being sent and data is wrapped - up in a serialized form called JSON .
The following goes in the generated MochiWeb skeleton code file called project_name_web.erl :
How it Works
The server is basically a loop which uses MochiWeb to pull HTTP requests out of a TCP / IP socket .
If the HTTP header is a JSON HTTP POST , then the JSON is deserialized and applied to the function do_stuff .
do_stuff then parallelizes the data over a cluster of Erlang nodes using the plists library for processing which can talk to each other with message passing as needed .
The “ OK ” response is sent back to the application which sent the HTTP request , after the parallelized processing completes , without doing any exception handling .
For reference , here is the example Python from the other end of the connection :
def send_to_erlang ( data ) : url = " http://erlang.nodes.tld:8000/ " body = json.dumps ( data ) headers = {' Content - Type ' : ' application/jsonrequest ' , ' User - Agent ' : ' Python / Project / 0.1'} urlopen ( Request ( url , body , headers ) )
It may seem simple , and it is simple because of Erlang and MochiWeb , but before seeing how this all fits together , it can seem mysterious .
Please feel free to comment with questions and I ’ll try to clarify as much as possible .
Thanks to the MochiWeb mailing list for helping me when I was starting out .
None Found
So while I was mowing my grass last night * , I got to thinking about Python 2.5 's enhanced generators and how I had n't tried them out yet .
Here is a simple example that uses the consumer / pipeline model described in PEP 342 .
__author__ = " Christian Wyglendowski " __license__ = " MIT " def consumer ( func ) : " " " Automatically advance generator to 1st yield point - ( from PEP 342 ) " " " def wrapper ( * args , **kw ) : gen = func ( *args , ** kw ) gen.next ( ) return gen wrapper .
__name__ = func.__name__ wrapper.__dict__ = func.__dict__ wrapper.__doc__ = func.__doc__ return wrapper @consumer def reverser ( next =None ) : " " " A string - reversing consumer " " " t = yield if next : yield next.send ( " " . join ( reversed (t ) ) ) else : yield " " . join ( reversed (t ) ) def transformer ( methodname , * args , ** params ) : " " " Creates a consumer for the given string methodname .
Passes *args and ** params to the string method . " " " @consumer def _transform ( next =None ) : text = yield m = getattr ( text , methodname ) transformed = m(*args , ** params ) if next : yield next.send( transformed ) else : yield transformed _transform .
__name__ = methodname return _transform def transform ( text , transformers ) : " " " Passes text through a list of transformers and returns the result . " " " next =
None for t in reversed ( transformers ) : next = t( next ) return next. send ( text )
( Is this too much code for a blog post ? )
So what can you do with all of that ?
Easily perform various combinations of string transformations !
In [ 1 ] : title = transformer ( ' title ' )
In [ 2 ] : transform ( ' python ' , [ title , reverser ] ) Out [ 2 ] : ' nohty P ' In [ 3 ] : transform ( ' python ' , [ reverser , title ] ) Out [ 3 ] : ' Nohtyp '
It 's a fairly contrived example , but the concept of this pipeline of transformations ( described in much more detail in PEP 342 ) is really pretty cool .
An application applying a more advanced version of something like this could process it 's output using a variety of plugins that a user enabled .
Here is one final example :
In [ 4 ] : decode = transformer ( ' decode ' , 'utf - 8 ' )
In [ 5 ] : replace = transformer ( ' replace ' , unichr ( 347 ) , 's ' )
In [ 6 ] : encode = transformer ( ' encode ' , 'utf - 8 ' )
In [ 7 ] : transform ( ' Chri\xc5\x9btian ' , [ decode , replace , encode ] ) Out [ 7 ] : ' Christian '
Has anyone else seen any neat examples of PEP 342 in the wild ?
cw
* I usually gravitate to thinking about some obscure programming paradigm or feature while I am mowing grass .
I think it has to do with how exceptionally boring mowing is .
EDIT : I guess I could have made the generators , um , more generative , so they are n't simply one - shot function - like simpletons .
Oh well .
The leaders of the G8 rich nations have agreed to adopt a goal of at least halving greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 .
The communiqué says that mid-term goals will be needed to hit the shared target for 2050 , but that it would be up to individual countries to adopt them .
Here is the full text of the statement ( the numbers refer to the paragraphs ' position within the overall G8 document ) .
Climate change
22 . We reconfirm the significance of the Fourth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) as providing the most comprehensive assessment of the science and encourage the continuation of the science - based approach that should guide our climate protection efforts .
We reaffirm our commitment to take strong leadership in combating climate change and in this respect , welcome decisions taken in Bali as the foundation for reaching a global agreement in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) process by 2009 .
We are committed to its successful conclusion .
Enhanced commitments or actions by all major economies are essential for tackling climate change .
Therefore , we endorse the positive contribution of the major economies leaders meeting to the UNFCCC .
23 .
We are committed to avoiding the most serious consequences of climate change and determined to achieve the stabilisation of atmospheric concentrations of global greenhouse gases consistent with the ultimate objective of article two of the convention and within a timeframe that should be compatible with economic growth and energy security .
Achieving this objective will only be possible through common determination of all major economies , over an appropriate timeframe , to slow , stop and reverse global growth of emissions and move towards a low - carbon society .
We seek to share with all parties to the UNFCCC the vision of , and together with them to consider and adopt in the UNFCCC negotiations , the goal of achieving at least 50 % reduction of global emissions by 2050 , recognising that this global challenge can only be met by a global response , in particular , by the contributions from all major economies , consistent with the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities .
Substantial progress toward such a long - term goal requires , inter alia , in the near - term , the acceleration of the deployment of existing technologies , and in the medium - and long - term , will depend on the development and deployment of low - carbon technologies in ways that will enable us to meet our sustainable economic development and energy security objectives .
In this regard , we emphasise the importance and urgency of adopting appropriate measures to stimulate development and deployment of innovative technologies and practices .
24 . Making progress towards the shared vision , and a long - term global goal will require mid-term goals and national plans to achieve them .
These plans may reflect a diversity of mitigation and adaptation approaches .
Sectoral approaches are useful tools among others for achieving national emission reduction objectives .
We look forward to discussing this issue with leaders of other major economies tomorrow and to continuing the discussions among the major economies and in the UNFCCC negotiations over the coming months .
We recognise that what the major developed economies do will differ from what major developing economies do , consistent with the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities .
In this respect , we acknowledge our leadership role and each of us will implement ambitious economy - wide mid-term goals in order to achieve absolute emissions reductions and , where applicable , first stop the growth of emissions as soon as possible , reflecting comparable efforts among all developed economies , taking into account differences in their national circumstances .
We will also help support the mitigation plans of major developing economies by technology , financing and capacity - building .
At the same time , in order to ensure an effective and ambitious global post - 2012 climate regime , all major economies will need to commit to meaningful mitigation actions to be bound in the international agreement to be negotiated by the end of 2009 .
25 . Sectoral approaches can be useful tools to improve energy efficiency and reduce GHG emissions through dissemination of existing and new technologies in a manner compatible with economic growth .
We ask the IEA to enhance its work on voluntary sectoral indicators through improved data collection , complemented by business initiatives .
We emphasise the importance of expeditious discussions in the International Civil Aviation Organisation ( ICAO ) and the International Maritime Organisation ( IMO ) for limiting or reducing GHG emissions in the international aviation and maritime sectors , bearing in mind the distinct processes under the UNFCCC toward an agreed outcome for the post - 2012 period .
26 .
We recognise the importance of setting mid-term , aspirational goals for energy efficiency .
In national goals and objectives , as well as in country specific action plans , we will maximise implementation of the IEA 's 25 recommendations on energy efficiency .
We welcome the recent decision to establish the International Partnership for Energy Efficiency Cooperation ( IPEEC ) , of which the terms of association will be determined by the end of this year , as a high level forum for enhancing and coordinating our joint efforts to accelerate the adoption of sound energy efficiency improvement practices .
We invite all interested countries to join those efforts .
27 .
We promote clean energy , given its importance in tackling climate change and for the enhancement of energy security , by setting national goals and formulating action plans followed by appropriate monitoring .
We believe that there are significant and growing economic and employment opportunities in this sector .
We recognise the important role of renewable energy in tackling climate change and in the long term reducing our dependency on fossil fuels .
We underscore the importance of sustainable biofuel production and use .
The same should apply for the broader use of biomass for fuel , heat and electricity .
We support the work of the " Global Bioenergy Partnership " ( GBEP ) and invite it to work with other relevant stakeholders to develop science - based benchmarks and indicators for biofuel production and use .
We are committed to continuing research and development of second generation biofuel technologies .
28 .
We witness that a growing number of countries have expressed their interests in nuclear power programmes as a means to addressing climate change and energy security concerns .
These countries regard nuclear power as an essential instrument in reducing dependence on fossil fuels and hence greenhouse gas emissions .
We reiterate that safeguards ( nuclear nonproliferation ) , nuclear safety and nuclear security ( 3S ) are fundamental principles for the peaceful use of nuclear energy .
Against this background , an international initiative proposed by Japan on 3S - based nuclear energy infrastructure will be launched .
We affirm the role of the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) in this process .
29 .
Recognising the linkage between the potential impacts of climate change and development , mitigation and adaptation strategies should be pursued as part of development and poverty eradication efforts .
A successful global response to climate change requires a partnership between developing and developed countries .
Developing countries ' efforts to put in place appropriate national mitigation and adaptation plans to build low carbon , climate resilient economies , should be supported by scaled up assistance from developed countries .
30 .
Recognising that poorer countries are among the most vulnerable to the adverse impacts of climate change , we will continue and enhance cooperation with developing countries , in particular least developed countries ( LDCs ) and small island developing states , in their efforts to adapt to climate change including disaster risk reduction .
To address this issue , we commit to support urgent actions to mainstream adaptation into broader development strategies and encourage developing countries themselves to integrate adaptation into their development policies .
The early start of activities under the UNFCCC Adaptation Fund should make an important contribution in this respect .
We call on the multilateral development banks and other development agencies to support countries in this endeavor .
31 . We will establish an international initiative with the support of the IEA to develop road maps for innovative technologies and cooperate upon existing and new partnerships , including carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) and advanced energy technologies .
Reaffirming our Heiligendamm commitment to urgently develop , deploy and foster clean energy technologies , we recognise and encourage a wide range of policy instruments such as transparent regulatory frameworks , economic and fiscal incentives , and public / private partnerships to foster private sector investments in new technologies .
We strongly support the launching of 20 large - scale CCS demonstration projects globally by 2010 , taking into account various national circumstances , with a view to beginning broad deployment of CCS by 2020 .
To accelerate these and other efforts , we are committed to increasing investment in both basic and applied environmental and clean energy technology research and development ( R&D ) , and the promotion of commercialisation including through direct government funding and fiscal measures to encourage private sector investment .
In this respect , G8 members have so far pledged over the next several years over US $ 10bn annually in direct government - funded R&D .
We also agree to take various policy and regulatory measures to provide incentives for commercialising these technologies .
We note the opportunity to promote research on complementary technological approaches which may contribute towards maintaining a stable climate .
To respond to the growing demand for Earth observation data , we will accelerate efforts within the Global Earth Observation System of Systems ( GEOSS ) , which builds on the work of UN specialised agencies and programs , in priority areas , inter alia , climate change and water resources management , by strengthening observation , prediction and data sharing .
We also support capacity building for developing countries in earth observations and promote interoperability and linkage with other partners .
32 . Substantial finance and investments will be needed to meet the urgent challenges of mitigation , adaptation and access to clean energy in developing countries .
While the main sources of finance will be the private sector , public resources are essential to help the poorest and to leverage private resources , notably by financing incremental costs and can be very effective in inducing emissions reduction when national policies provide incentives for low carbon investment .
In this regard , we welcome and support the establishment of the Climate Investment Funds ( CIF ) including the Clean Technology Fund ( CTF ) and the Strategic Climate Fund ( SCF ) , administered by the World Bank .
G8 members have thus far pledged approximately US $ 6bn as an ODA contribution to the funds and welcome commitments from other donors .
The CIF will scale up public and private finance .
They will have broad - based and inclusive governance mechanisms and , as an interim measure , fill an immediate financial gap for urgent actions until a new financial architecture under the post - 2012 regime is effective .
The CTF will aim to promote low - carbon economies by helping to finance deployment in developing countries of commercially available cleaner energy technologies through investments in support of credible national mitigation plans that include low - carbon objectives .
The SCF will help more vulnerable countries develop climate - resilient economies and take actions to prevent deforestation , and could provide helpful lessons in the context of discussions on post - 2012 financing arrangements .
These funds will complement existing multilateral efforts , including the Global Environmental Facility ( GEF ) , which plays the key role as the main financial instrument of the UNFCCC and which we are committed to reinforcing .
We also welcome various bilateral financial initiatives taken by G8 members , including public / private partnerships capable of generating additional investment .
We expect such financial assistance to be delivered in a coordinated manner and encourage active engagement by developing countries in an effective post - 2012 framework .
33 . Market mechanisms , such as emissions - trading within and between countries , tax incentives , performance - based regulation , fees or taxes and consumer labeling can provide pricing signals and have the potential to deliver economic incentives to the private sector .
We also recognise that they help to achieve emission reductions in a cost effective manner and to stimulate long - term innovation .
We intend to promote such instruments in accordance with our national circumstances and share experience on the effectiveness of the different instruments .
In this regard , we welcome the action plan for climate change to enhance the engagement of private and public financial institutions adopted by our finance ministers .
34 . Efforts in the WTO negotiations to eliminate tariffs and non-tariff barriers to environmental goods and services should be enhanced with a view to disseminating clean technology and skills .
Additionally , consideration should be given to the reduction or elimination of trade barriers on a voluntary basis on goods and services directly linked to addressing climate change .
We also agree to encourage initiatives contributing to climate change mitigation including purchasing and investment policies and practices that promote and support the cleaner and more efficient products and services that can contribute to lower carbon emissions .
35 .
We welcome the final report of the Gleneagles dialogue on climate change , clean energy and sustainable development .
We also welcome the reports submitted by the IEA and the World Bank on their work related to the Gleneagles plan of action and continue to cooperate with those organisations .
We value the useful exchange of views both between member countries and also business and civil society participants and acknowledge the role that further exchanges of this nature can play in supporting action on climate change and the UNFCCC process .
We Note the significant progress made by the multilateral development banks on the Clean Energy Investment Framework ( CEIF ) agreed at Gleneagles and welcome their joint level of ambition to mobilise public and private investments of over US $ 100bn up to 2010 from within existing resources .
We call upon these Banks to build on the CEIF to develop comprehensive strategies to guide the integration of climate change into their development work and to set specific targets for low carbon investments like renewable energy .
Forests
36 . We encourage actions for Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation in Developing Countries ( REDD ) including the development of an international forest monitoring network building on existing initiatives .
Recognising the urgent need to curb illegal logging and its associated trade , we welcome the G8 forest experts ' report on illegal logging .
We will follow up , as appropriate , its preliminary list of options .
We will make all possible efforts by ensuring close coordination among various fora and initiatives with a view to promoting effective forest law enforcement and governance and sustainable forest management worldwide .
We will also consider ways to enhance our cooperation to combat forest fires .
Biodiversity
37 . Recognising the crucial importance of the conservation and the sustainable use of biodiversity as highlighted at the 9th meeting of the Conference of the Parties of the Convention on Biological Diversity held in Bonn , we share the concerns regarding the vulnerability of biodiversity .
We endorse the Kobe Call for Action for Biodiversity and reiterate our commitment to increase our efforts to reduce the rate of biodiversity loss significantly in order to achieve the globally agreed 2010 biodiversity target , including by reducing threats from the illicit trade in wildlife .
We will promote a co-benefits approach that will lead to reducing greenhouse gas emissions and conservation and sustainable use of biodiversity as well .
We note the importance of improving the interface between research activities and the public and policy makers .
Waste
38 .
In implementing the principles of the 3Rs ( Reduce , Reuse , Recycle ) , we recognise the importance of how we use resources throughout their life cycles to a thriving global economy and environment .
To this end , we endorse the Kobe 3R Action Plan .
We will set targets as appropriate taking into account resource productivity , based on the work of the OECD in furthering efforts to optimise resource cycles .
We recognise the importance of information sharing , stakeholder partnerships , and the inclusion of 3R viewpoint in project development and investment .
We recognize the significance of reducing barriers to trade in remanufactured goods and for the G8 members to the WTO to support the recently submitted proposal to liberalise trade in remanufactured goods under the WTO Doha Round .
We support the international circulation of reusable and recyclable materials and resources in an environmentally sound manner consistent with the Basel Convention .
Education for sustainable development
39 .
We promote Education for Sustainable Development ( ESD ) by supporting the Unesco and other organisations in the field of ESD and through knowledge networks among relevant institutions including universities to encourage actions by the public leading to a more sustainable and low - carbon society .
July marks the beginning of the first day you start making money for yourself
Every hour worked , every item purchased … money is always going to the government in the form of taxes .
As we approach the half - way point of the year we should celebrate – celebrate the fact that we are now earning money for ourselves .
The first six months of the year , you have been a slave to one government or another .
Now you are in the clear .
What do I mean exactly ?
The average American pays roughly 50 percent of his income in the form of various taxes each year .
From income tax , to sales tax , to gasoline tax , to property tax , roughly half of your income goes to Big Brother .
Despite the trillions of dollars the government takes in each year and the millions of government employees , approximately one in six Americans has no healthcare , social security ’s future is uncertain at best , my street has potholes , we are losing the war on terrorism , and nearly a third of the country ’s youth are failing to graduate high school .
Now there are two responses to this failure – we need more government or we need more individual accountability .
Ronald Reagan once stated that the government ’s view of the economy could be summed up in a few short phrases “ If it moves , tax it .
If it keeps moving , regulate it .
And if it stops moving , subsidize it . ”
Despite Mr. Reagan ’s accurate witticism , the federal government expanded in size during his presidency .
Also , President Reagan left out the second half of the quote relating to his government ’s view of society …
If it is pregnant , commandeer it .
If it is gay , condemn it .
If it does drugs , jail it .
The government continues to consume vast quantities of money while producing relatively little .
Since the government has largely failed in providing key services such as healthcare , retirement , and competitive education , perhaps these areas of life should be left to personal choice .
Public education should be an option for parents , not a financially induced requirement .
Similarly , social security should be available to people who know they are irresponsible and incapable of planning for their future , but should be waived by people who feel that a private , personal retirement fund would more accurately meet their needs .
While government is an essential component of an advanced , free , capitalist society , it should only provide services that it is has a competitive advantage in – things such as national defense , the rule of law , police and fire services , and roads .
It is time to trim the fat ; for too long the government has been involved in every facet of American life .
There will be haters , of course , the millions of government employees , the irresponsible individuals who banked on social security alone - but we must toughen up .
The United States is a super - power because of its dedication to individual liberty and personal autonomy .
When 50 percent of our income goes to a government that is largely incompetent and inefficient , it undermines the very qualities that have led to our advancements .
Government will never be able to cure our social ills .
These are questions we must all face for ourselves .
Social discourse should emphasize the importance of education and planning for our futures , but we can mandate it .
Even if the government were successful in providing the myriad of services that it seeks to provide , the victory would be cheap .
We would simply be slaves serving a master .
So long as we value personal choice and accountability , we must fight to keep the government out of areas it does n’t belong .
Always remember , for more of our nation ’s history than not there was no federal income tax , there was no welfare system , there was no minimum wage , and there was no social security .
Since it is finally the day we start making money for ourselves in 2007 , think about the fundamental questions that have plagued man ’s thought for thousands of years – what is the role of the individual ?
What is his duty to the state ?
What is the state ’s duty to him ?
You may very well find that your answer is not the direction we are heading towards .
AP
AS IN an old - fashioned Western bar brawl , Anheuser - Busch tried to hit InBev with anything that came to hand .
The American brewer was attempting to rebuff an assault by its Belgian - Brazilian rival , which had offered $ 46 billion in an unsolicited bid on June 11th .
Anheuser - Busch tried to use the business equivalent of a bar stool over the head — a lawsuit claiming that InBev had misled investors .
The American firm even dealt the low blow of citing InBev's Cuban businesses as a reason to reject the bid .
These tactics came to nothing , however , after InBev opened its wallet and upped the offer to $ 52 billion , which Anheuser - Busch gratefully accepted on Sunday July 13th .
In fact InBev had been prepared to fight sneaky too .
In an effort to outflank the founding Busch family ( which owns only 4 % of the company 's shares ) it used family disagreement .
The bidders proposed a new board of directors that would include Adolphus Busch , the uncle of August Busch , the existing chief executive of the American firm who was dead against the merger .
Adolphus promptly urged Anheuser - Busch to accept InBev 's offer .
Anheuser - Busch had come up with its own cost - cutting plan to counter the offer from InBev .
But that was no match for Inbev 's hard cash , particularly after it agreed to raise its offer to $ 70 a share .
Agreeing to the deal at this price is probably a better outcome than dealing with a long and distracting hostile bid .
The deal is a good one for many reasons .
Big brewing mergers of late have been driven by two differing goals .
The recent acquisition of Britain 's Scottish & Newcastle by Carlsberg and Heineken niftily encapsulated both .
Heineken got its hands on S&N 's operations in Britain and elsewhere .
As in America and other countries where the beer market has matured , growth is slow or non-existent .
Here brewers can crunch together operations such as management and distribution , so cutting costs and boosting profits .
The merging of the American operations of SABMiller and Molson Coors last year was driven by the same motives .
The other way to grow bigger profits is by acquiring businesses in emerging markets where beer drinking has boomed .
Carlsberg 's side of the deal saw the Danish brewer get its hands on BBH , a joint venture with a Russian brewer .
A sensible brewer keeps a foot in both camps .
Mature market brewers such as Anheuser - Busch , can be fantastically profitable , even if growth is negligible and handy targets are in ever shorter supply .
In emerging markets demand is volatile and margins are slim .
Growth in beer drinking in these new markets has suffered as food prices have spiralled .
The rising prices of beer 's main ingredients ( barley for the drink , aluminium for cans ) have cut margins slimmer .
InBev , by buying Anheuser - Busch , will insulate itself against the volatility of emerging markets — over a half of its profits come form its Latin American operations .
Although there is little overlap with operations in America ( unlike Molson Coors and SABMiller )
Anheuser is generally reckoned to be ripe for some cost cutting .
Although InBev pledged that no brewery closures would take place , it wants to make savings of $ 1.5 billion by 2011 , which suggests some workers will go .
InBev reputation for ruthless efficiency could also mean that Anheuser - Busch 's famous Clydesdale horses are put out to pasture .
The merger of the world 's number two and number three brewers by volume will create a combined company with more than $ 36 billion in annual revenues and a better negotiating position with suppliers of expensive ingredients .
The two will also gain extra traction in China with their combined operations .
The beer market there is enticing because of rapid growth , but it is also highly fragmented and hard for big western brewers to crack .
Judicial Watch Files Senate , FEC Complaints against Barack Obama over Questionable Mortgage Loan
Judicial Watch , the public interest group that investigates and prosecutes government corruption , announced today that it has filed separate complaints with the Federal Election Commission ( FEC ) and the U.S. Senate Ethics Committee against Senator Barack Obama for allegedly accepting a below - market rate mortgage loan in 2005 not available to the general consumer .
According to the Judicial Watch complaints , the Illinois Senator reportedly received a home loan of $ 1.32 million at a rate of 5.625 percent , although the average going rate on that day according to two different surveys was between 5.93 and 6 percent .
Unlike what was reportedly available for the general consumer , this special below - market " super super jumbo " loan was secured without an origination fee or discount points .
( Questions about the mortgage were first raised by The Washington Post . )
" It appears that due to his position as a United States Senator , Barack Obama received improper special treatment from Northern Trust resulting in an illicit ‘ gift ’ which has a value of almost $ 125,000 in interest savings , " Judicial Watch wrote in its U.S. Senate ethics complaint .
" Judicial Watch therefore respectfully requests a full investigation into whether the special Northern Trust mortgage received by Senator Barack Obama constitutes a gift that is prohibited by Senate ethics rules . "
In its FEC complaint , Judicial Watch also calls for a full FEC investigation into whether the special mortgage is a disguised and illegal corporate campaign contribution to Senator Obama .
As Judicial Watch notes in both complaints , Northern Trust has supported Barack Obama ’s political campaigns for elected office since 1990 .
According to the Center for Responsive Politics , cited by The Washington Post , Northern Trust employees have donated $ 71,000 .
The Northern Trust political action committee gave $ 1,250 to Senator Obama ’s 2004 campaign for the United States Senate .
Northern Trust Vice President John O’Connell essentially admitted the company provided Obama preferential loan terms because of his position in the U.S. Senate .
" A person ’s occupation and salary are two factors ; I would expect those are two things we would take into consideration , " O’Connell told The Washington Post [ emphasis added ] .
" This was a business proposition for us . "
" Americans ought to be suspicious when a United States Senator such as Barack Obama , obtains a sweetheart mortgage deal , " said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton .
" We have serious concerns that Senator Obama ’s mortgage may have violated the law and Senate ethics rules . "
Copies of Judicial Watch ’s complaints against Senator Obama are available at www.judicialwatch.org.
America has so far experienced the year 's extraordinary rise in petrol prices as a death by a thousand cuts .
Each automobile trip weighs heavier on households budgets .
Vacation plans are revised .
Pizza deliveries are circumscribed .
The long anticipated purchase of a new pick - up or SUV is revisited .
And despite the national love affair with automobiles , commuters are increasingly parking the car and boarding trains and buses .
Decision by decision , dear petrol is having a transformative effect on the American household .
But the full extent of the changes underway may not become clear for years , or decades .
The structures of America 's cities and towns , its economy and way of life were formed during a long era of cheap petroleum .
But for the oil scares of the 1970s and early 1980s , the price and availability of petroleum have never been issues we 've needed to think much about .
But now we must , and we will likely be shocked by the pervasiveness of petroleum in our society .
Economist Paul Krugman recently estimated that Americans use about 1,000 gallons worth of petroleum products a year - each .
We pay for oil at the gas station , of course , but also at the grocer , through food shipping costs and - less obviously - in the petroleum - derived fertilisers that fuel crop yields .
We pay for petroleum in the plastic products that surround us .
Designers are now investigating ways to fit products into ever smaller containers as a response , and those of us who fondly remember the days when toys were made of sturdy metal ( and when the average child had less than a closet full of them ) may recognise the shape of Christmases future .
Petrochemicals find their way into most of the products we use as consumers , from lip balm to house paint .
If dear oil becomes the norm , we can expect less waste across the board and a thriving research business in chemical alternatives .
Changes on shop shelves may seem minor compared with coming shifts in our urban geography .
From the end of the second world war , centre cities in America emptied out in a great rush for the suburbs .
Outer suburbs became inner suburbs , distant towns became outer suburbs , and the rural hinterlands became the edgeless exurbs .
Tens of millions of Americans now live in such places , unserved by transit , and with commutes that frequently stretch longer than an hour each way .
But exurbs that thrived with oil at $ 20 per barrel may wither with oil at $ 130 .
The rush outward was largely driven by cheap housing ( pdf ) , made possible by the ease of erecting homes on virgin land unencumbered by the burden of urban housing regulations .
But the cost of petrol has eroded the value of such homes - savings on a house no longer compensate for the price of long daily drives .
Unsurprisingly then , the nation 's housing collapse has struck exurbs hardest .
In distant suburbs prices have fallen farthest fastest , foreclosures and defaults have soared , and municipal budgets have been devastated .
With whole neighbourhoods shuttered and public services curtailed , it 's unclear whether many such enclaves can recover .
As Brookings scholar Christopher Leinberger has written , the age of the suburban slum may be upon us .
And meanwhile , demand for centrally located homes near transit is soaring .
The shift in housing preferences may begin to reverse one of the defining national trends of recent decades - the massive migration toward the south and west of the country .
Sunbelt boomtowns like Atlanta , Houston , and Riverside , California have grown at breakneck pace thanks to cheap and plentiful housing built along sprawling highway networks .
Some of these places are now rushing to build transit service , but the soaring cost of petrol has caught most flat - footed .
Such cities can expect outward expansion to slow , but perhaps more importantly , households considering moves to warmer climes may rethink their decision .
Northeastern and Midwestern cities in long decline , such as Baltimore , Philadelphia , Pittsburgh and Cleveland , may find their dense structures and legacy transit systems an incalculable asset .
Bigger changes yet may be in store .
Anti-globalisation activists have long railed against trade liberalisation , and lamented the perceived role of lax labour and environmental standards in trade growth .
In the end , however , the rise of a global economy in the 20th century may owe more to falling transportation costs than anything else .
Cheap oil , cheap trucking , cheap shipping , and cheap flying exploded old production methods , sending industry from great manufacturing hubs to scattered factory towns to distant nations .
Supply chains are now international in scope , and just - in - time business models fly inventory thousands of miles from warehouses to distributed outlets , all in an effort to cut costs and boost profit margins .
This may all soon come to a screeching halt .
As economist Menzie Chinn recently noted , international shipping costs have tripled since 2000 and continue to increase .
Fuel costs are destroying airline business models , and analysts now note that transportation costs , and not tariff barriers , constitute the largest stumbling block for international trade .
This may mean a return to localised production of some goods .
Plant owners thinking of moving to China may think again .
Foreign producers may find it better to locate in America , rather than swallow freight costs to export there .
In a stark reversal of recent trends , the most economically outsource - able jobs may become those involving the management of data and ideas - products transferable by satellite rather than ship .
Whether and how these changes occur depends on how high oil prices go , how long they stay there , and how quickly alternative technologies can be found .
But the odd truth behind the seemingly unstoppable trends of the past century is that they may have been quite impermanent .
Having built a world on cheap oil , we may now need to trim back our excesses .
And the stunning outcome may be a nation that looks remarkably as it did decades ago - when urban neighbourhoods thrived and sidewalk life flourished , when streetcars and trains represented the future and not the past , and when regional tastes and markets were as important to producers as international ones .
These changes could mean a greener and wealthier world , globalised yet differentiated , free from petroleum .
Or it could mean disaster .
It remains to be seen how quickly we can adjust and how wisely we will invest as we get used to a world that no longer seems as flat as it once did .
The Diane von Furstenberg headquarters from Tribeca is an amazing piece of architectural work .
The most impressive thing about it is the rooftop .
Join me in a mini-virtual tour :
Made in 2007 by an impressive design team counting more than 20 members , the DVF studio budgeted $ 28 million .
For that money came a six levels structure with enough room for the 5,000 square feet showroom , design and administrative offices ( for appx 120 person staff ) and executive suite and a private penthouse apartment .( do n’t miss the photos after the jump )
The stairway is incredible .
All that light made it possible to call it “ the staidelier ” ( stair plus chandelier ) .
It connects the diamond from the rooftop with the rest of the building .
Of course I could provide you with some more constructional details but it would n’t add to the beauty of the site , it would just make it hermetical to our eyes .
The diamond penthouse was built in Spain and then shipped in containers .
The stairdelier was made from precast concrete and was dropped by crane into the building .
The roof terrace was planted with native grasses and wildflowers .
The DVF art collection is displayed around a long reflecting pool , the showroom ’s display racks are designed to roll away to create space for events .
All in one this is one architecture beauty combining old and new in one vast , luxurious space under the Diane von Furstenberg brand .
Aesthetically speaking , how does it look to you ?
( via archdaily.com )
Originally posted to the Sidebar by " hulver " ...
At my new job , they had been having some problems with email events on a " special " PICK - based web application .
When something happened in the system that needed an action , an email would be sent to the relevant person telling them to do something .
Sometimes these emails would not be sent , but sometimes the emails would be sent many times .
The emails that were sent many times often got sent at strange times of night when nobody was using the system .
It was a bit of a mystery .
The problem of emails not being sent had been narrowed down to the customers running popup blockers .
I was a bit mystified at this .
Why would the client running a popup blocker prevent the web server sending an email ?
The application sent emails in a somewhat roundabout fashion .
Rather than calling its built in email function , the PICK code would write a JavaScript function into the results page that looked a bit like
< script>AutoEmailer ('/emailpath/145ADJI5L.ASP ') ;</ script >
I found this function in one of the many external JS files used by the application .
function AutoEmailer ( Url ) { if ( Url != " " ) { var window1 = window.open ( Url , " " , " height=275 , width=570 , left=20 , top=20 , " + " resizable=no , maximise=no , minimise=no , scrollbars=YES " ) ; window1.opener = window ; } }
After a bit more investigation I found another function call in the PICK code that loaded an ASP template from a database and did a replace on some text .
This filled in things like email addresses , subjects , body text .
It then wrote this file into another directory on the webserver with a random filename .
It was the ASP code that actually sent the email .
If clients had a popup blocker running , the ASP page would never run and the email would not get sent .
Not quite confident enough in my first month to refactor the code to call the internal email routine , I leveraged my knowledge of AJAX to solve the problem .
function AutoEmailer ( Url ) { if ( Url != " " ) { var window1 = window.open ( Url , " " , " height=275 , width=570 , left=20 , top=20 , " + " resizable=no , maximise=no , minimise=no , scrollbars=YES " ) ; if ( window1 == null ) { //
We 've hit a popup blocker var Req = GetRequestObject ( ) ; if ( Req ) { var timeoutcookie ; Req.open ( " GET " , Url , true ) ; timeoutcookie = setTimeout ( function ( ) { Req.abort ( ) ; alert ( ' An error occured while sending your email .
Your email could not be sent ' ) ; } , 4000 ) ; Req.onreadystatechange=function ( ) { if ( Req.readyState==4 ) { clearTimeout ( timeoutcookie ) ; if ( Req.status==200 ) { alert ( ' Your Email has been sent . ' ) ; } else { alert ( ' An error occured while sending your email .
Your email could not be sent .') } } } Req.send ( null ) } else { alert ( ' Could not send email due to popup windows being blocked ' ) ; } } else { window1.opener = window ; } } }
Now there was just the problem of the extra emails being sent at odd times .
It turns out that on some site directory indexing had been left on , and a search engine was coming along and indexing the contents of the directory .
Of course , that ran the ASP code which sent the emails again .
A simple bit of ASP at the end of the file which caused the file to delete itself when it was run , and that problem was solved as well !
911 is the pivot around which our world has turned into what it now is .
We are engaged in an endless , global war on terror .
Our constitution is now ‘ more honored in the breach than in the observance . ’
We are on the brink of war with a third country in the Middle East with the first two going very badly .
The Iraq war has cost over a trillion dollars and rising .
The economy is in tatters , teetering on collapse .
We have gone from a 2001 reputation as the most beloved country in the world to a 2008 reputation as the most despised .
Our President is hated the world over , massively distrusted even at home .
Tens of thousands of our country - men are dead from the wars and the events , including the terrible pollution , of 911 .
We cannot freely move about , gas prices soar , and we await another , and far worse , attack .
The government pumps out the frenzy and paranoia about terrorism .
The world has become seriously unhinged .
We stand at the brink of terrible and catastrophic change .
I will get to many more aspects of that .
But first , a few of the thousands of questions about 911 :
To my dear friends in the sangha ,
Today , I call to you for help .
I fear that I have gone mad .
I am convinced that the United States government is responsible for the attacks of 9/11 .
Please help me .
I have contacted many fellow sangha members , and received the ice of no response .
I am abandoned by my sangha in my time of need .
My life has become meaningless in light of my radically changed world outlook .
My days are spent in anxiety , my nights without sleep .
I have done significant research on the matter and each point only reinforces my certainty .
I have , in fact , encountered nothing to make me doubt this in the slightest .
I have put together the following list of questions .
No one is denying the data in the following .
The list could easily be far longer , into the thousands of questions .
Why was Max Cleland , the only person proved to have no conflict of interest , removed from the 911 commission ?
Why did he say , ‘ Bush is scamming the American people …it ’s disgusting .
The American people are being cheated .
We should n’t be making deals .
If somebody wants to deal , we should issue subpoenas .
That ’s the deal . ’
Why did Bush / Cheney testify in secret , allow only two members of the 911 commission , limit the meeting to one hour , disallow a recording , refuse to take an oath , and insist on testifying together ?
Why did it take 441 days to convene the 911 commission and require intensive political pressure from the 911 spouses ( family steering committee ) to get the commission convened ?
Why was Henry Kissinger taken off the commission only after the family steering committee pointed out his business ties to the Bin Laden family ?
Why did the commission refuse a popular choice from the family steering committee to replace Cleland ?
Why was Bob Kerry , an ultra - hawk neo-con , accused by military witnesses of the war crime of ordering the slaughter of 21 unarmed women and children , a man with significant oil and defense ties , chosen to replace Cleland ?
Why was the commission composed principally of White House staff and entirely of people with significant oil and defense connections ?
Why did they answer fewer than 20 % of the family steering committee ’s questions ?
Why were two different FBI investigations in 2000 dropped , both of which were monitoring several of the later named hijackers ?
Why did the commission find ‘ no unusual trading activity ’ concerning the hundreds of millions of dollars of very risky , but highly lucrative put options on American , United , Merrill Lynch , and Marsh & Mclennan ( major tenants of WTC ) ?
Why did the FBI never investigate these investments despite a legal obligation to ?
Why did the Commission not follow the trail of $ 100,000 in terrorist financing ?
How could they possibly call this wire transfer ‘ of little significance ? ’
Why did they not investigate when evidence traced the money from General Ahmad of Pakistani intelligence to Mohamed Atta , a principal highjacker ?
Why was this same General Ahmad of Pakistani Intelligence having breakfast with government officials the morning of the attacks ?
Why were several government officials , John Ashcroft for example , warned not to fly in the days before ?
Why did the White House deny prior knowledge despite significant evidence to the contrary , including warnings from eleven other governments and CIA / FBI warnings ?
Why did the Secret Service violate protocol and leave the President in a children ’s classroom after knowing , by the second plane strike , the United States was under attack ?
Why , when told by the Secret Service , “ A second plane has struck the World Trade Center .
America is under attack , ” did n’t he ask a single question ?
Why did he continue with a reading of The Pet Goat for another ten minutes after the second strike instead of responding to the unfolding national emergency immediately ?
Why , during an attack on America , did he remain in the school building for telephone calls and a press conference ( with children ) instead of moving to a secret , secure location ?
Why did Air Force
One fly later that day without military escort ?
Why did flight 77 circle all the way around the Pentagon and strike the far less militarily important side , adding several high - risk minutes to its flight time through the most controlled airspace in the entire world ?
Why did n’t they strike the number one terrorist target in the US , Indian Point nuclear power station ( flown directly over twice ) , to kill millions and desolate the Northeastern seaboard ?
Why did their terrorist informant believe that Indian Point would be better protected than the Pentagon ?
Why did Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld announce the disappearance from the Pentagon of $ 2.3 trillion on September 10th , the day before ?
Why did flight 77 happen to strike the accounting office of the Pentagon , destroying the records and killing the people which might help find this money ?
Why were there no back - up records ?
Why did NORAD , knowing the US was under terrorist attack , not scramble fighter jets to intercept this third hijacked plane for 29 full minutes as it flew directly toward the Pentagon ?
Why were the fighter jets , when eventually scrambled , sent out over the ocean , which is in the opposite direction ?
Why were the pilots not told the nature of the attack and left to presume it was Russian missiles ?
Why were there war games of eerily similar scenarios occurring in the NORAD system simultaneously ?
What is the meaning of a young aide saying “ 50 miles … 30 miles … 10 miles … do the orders still stand ? ” to Dick Cheney as he sat in the underground war room watching flight 77 on radar ?
What does his response : “ Of course the orders still stand .
Have you heard otherwise ? ” mean ?
Why does Cheney ’s testimony of when he arrived conflict with that of Transportation Secretary William Mineta ?
Why is Mineta ’s testimony omitted from the 911 Commission report ?
Why did NORAD , on September 14th , change their account from no jets scrambled until after the Pentagon strike at 9:37 to jets being scrambled at 8:44 ?
How was NORAD notified of the Flight 93 hijacking at 9:16 when it did not occur until 9:28 ?
Why did NORAD completely change the timeline in May 2003 and again in mid-June of 2004 , for a total of 4 different timelines ?
Why was no one at NORAD ever charged with perjury or obstruction of justice when only one of these four accounts can be correct ?
Why are there no Arabic names on the passenger manifests ?
Considering this lack , how did our intelligence manage to name all the hijackers within a few hours ?
Why does the number of names on the passenger manifest not match those of the official released reports at CNN.com by a discrepancy of more than 37 names ?
Why is the only evidence from the twin towers planes to survive a remarkably intact passport ?
How did it happen to belong to a terrorist ?
Why did the government claim the black boxes were destroyed , when two emergency workers say the opposite ?
How did the cockpit voice recorder for flight 93 record the terrorists planning to break the door down when they were obviously outside the cockpit ?
Why did the fighter planes flying to intercept the South Tower plane fly at 28 % of top speed ?
Why does the simulation , taken from actual data , of flight 77 ( Pentagon strike ) omit the standard procedure of changing from air altitude to true altitude , thus causing the flight to appear to be flying 300 feet lower than it actually was just before it struck ?
Why does the actual data , interpreted correctly , show the plane flying over the Pentagon because of this ?
Why does the same data show the plane missing the destroyed light poles by a wide margin to the left ?
Why do photos of the light poles show them laying on the ground without any dents ( from being struck ) ?
Why did the people who created the government report refuse to give answers to a pilot ’s group who discovered the error ?
Why did the FBI show up five minutes after the Pentagon strike at the neighboring gas station and hotel to confiscate their video records ?
Why have n’t the video records of flight 77 striking the Pentagon ever been released ?
Why did General Stubblebine and Air Force Lt. Colonel , fighter pilot , and Florida Congressional candidate Robert Bowman ( a vigorous member of the truth movement ) state positively that the 5 released frames of video record of whatever struck the Pentagon was not flight 77 based on their expert knowledge of aircraft type ?
Why did a government spokesperson claim that the plane vaporized on impact ?
Can a plane actually vaporize on impact when there are no records of one ever having done so before ?
Why do professional pilots , who flew the same aircraft , regard the final maneuvers of flight 77 ’s official simulation saying it is not possible , the wings would be torn off ?
Why did military radar personnel who were monitoring say that it flew like a military plane ?
How did high - jacker Hani Hanjour , a notoriously poor pilot by his own instructor ’s accounts , having never flown anything larger than a twin engine Cessna , manage this impossible maneuver with a large jet airliner ?
Why is the Pentagon hole smaller than the plane with no destruction where the wings should have hit ?
Why did Osama bin Laden , on the first video , deny all responsibility for the attack ?
Why do FBI comparative techniques reveal differences in facial and body structure and skin coloration between the first Bin Laden video and the second ?
Why have we never seen the fall of World Trade Center 7 on television since 9/11 ?
Why did the collapse match all eleven characteristics of a controlled demolition ?
Why do most Americans not know of this building ’s collapse ?
Why did bldg 7 house offices for SEC , CIA , IRS , DOD , and New York Emergency Management ?
Why were the destroyed records those which would prosecute people for Enron , Worldcom and at least 3000 other pending cases of corporate malfeasance ?
Why were there no back - ups for the records destroyed in bldg 7 ?
Why did a BBC reporter report the collapse of Building 7 despite the fact that it is clearly standing over her shoulder in the footage ?
Why did it collapse 23 minutes later ?
Why , when Steven Jones was interviewed on MSNBC , did the interviewer essentially refuse to play the video of this event despite several clear requests by Jones , who had supplied them with the video ?
Why is there first responder testimony of a 3 - 2 - 1 countdown immediately before the bldg 7 collapse ?
Why were people warned away and told the building would collapse in the minutes before ?
How did it collapse at free fall speed ?
How did it fall straight down , through its own frame ( the path of greatest resistance ) ?
Why does the government hypothesis , that of fire , state that it holds low probability ?
Why has no steel high - rise structure in history ever collapsed due to fire , though there have been many , both hot and long ?
Why , if heat caused catastrophic failure , do the two fires look so tiny in all video records ?
Why has the government not provided us with a study of this collapse ?
Why did savvy real estate tycoon Larry Silverstein , three months before , take out a 99 year lease on the World Trade Centers when they were losing money and required $ 200 million in asbestos abatement ?
Why did Silverstein include a very unusual insurance provision for $ 3.5 billion compensation in the event of a terrorist attack ?
How did he receive two claims for a total of more than $ 6 billion ?
Is it coincidence that the city of New York had twice denied a permit for demolition to the World Trade Center in the past ?
What was the large quantity of molten metal found beneath all three buildings , up to a month later ?
Why has molten metal never been found before or after from any other high - rise fire ?
Why is molten metal always found after controlled demolitions ?
How did collapse occur when NIST ( the government investigative body ) says the fires were not hot enough to weaken the steel nor the plane damage enough to significantly compromise it ?
Why , if the heat weakened the steel , do two firefighters call from the 78th floor requesting two hoses to put out two small fires ?
Why is the smoke visibly thick and black , indicative of a cool , poorly burning fire ?
Why did a company called Controlled Demolition remove the debris ?
Where are the massive flames , aside from the initial fireball , in any of the videos ?
Why is there eyewitness testimony from hundreds of firefighters claiming they saw and heard explosions from the towers as they fell ?
Why are there more than twenty eyewitness statements claiming it looked just like a deliberate collapse ?
Why was video - recorded eyewitness testimony of 500 people , including emergency responders , withheld until the New York Times sued for its release under the Freedom of Information Act ?
Why was Kevin Ryan of Underwriters Laboratory , the company that tested the original WTC steel , fired a week after he questioned the results of the NIST report ?
Why have six of the hijackers come forward , still alive , protesting their obvious innocence ?
Why was the World Trade Center shut down several times , with prior warning , due to power outages in the weeks before ?
What are the reports of empty floors , occupants moved around , and loud construction noises in the weeks before 911 ?
Why was Marvin Bush , the President ’s brother , chairman of the board for Securacom , the security contractor for the World Trade Center ?
Why was most of the evidence , steel , etc. , shipped to China for recycling almost immediately ?
Did those who sent the steel away know they were violating federal evidence laws ?
Why is the available evidence being withheld in violation of the Freedom of Information Act ?
How did an explosion , verified by seismographic records , wound several people in the basement eight seconds before the first plane struck ?
Why did Dan Rather say , “ that looks just like when they bring a building down on purpose ? ”
Why did senior demolitions contractor Danny Jowenko , when he saw bldg 7 fall , say , “ That was a controlled demolition ? ”
Why did Fire Engineer and editor of Fire Engineering magazine Bill Manning say , “ … the official investigation by FEMA is a half - baked farce that may have already been commandeered by political forces whose interests , to put it mildly , lay far afield of full disclosure .
The structural damage from the planes and the explosive ignition of jet fuel were not enough in themselves to bring down the towers ? ”
Why are hundreds of architects and engineers saying that the official theory of collapse violates the fundamental law of Physics known as conservation of momentum ?
Why are hundreds of architects and engineers saying that the official theory of collapse violates the fundamental law of Physics known as conservation of mass - energy , or e=mc2 ?
Why are hundreds of architects and engineers saying that the official theory of collapse violates the second law of thermodynamics which states that an asymmetry will increase over time , thus making straight - down collapse impossible ?
Why are they saying that even if it collapsed , it could not possibly collapse all the way to the ground ?
If 911 was an inside job , would all this make sense ?
Why is n’t the media asking these questions ?
Why is n’t every American ?
Despite an overwhelming media bias supporting the official story , a showbiz tonight e-mail poll received an 81 % yes response to the question , “ Do you agree there is a government cover - up of 911 ? ” A CNN poll gave an astounding 89 % yes response .
Whatever they are hiding , it is probably very important , and the American people , in fact , all the world , deserves to know .
From a recent Zogby poll , twenty million Americans are convinced that the government made it happen on purpose .
Sixty million consider it likely .
An enormous 140 million believe the government knew ( based on strong evidence ) and let it happen on purpose .
It sounds like a big difference , but I would suggest that the two theories amount to the same thing .
To let it happen on purpose is to invite it .
It is complicity already .
It is a case for treason .
The strongest argument I have yet heard against the inside job theory is that people cannot believe the government would do it , cannot imagine how they could have done it , or how that many people could keep a secret .
First , the CIA has on its website declassified documents concerning Operation Northwood , a false flag ( pretending another country was responsible ) mission nixed by Kennedy after it got military approval .
It involved sinking a US boat , soldiers and all , then blaming it on Cuba .
The government can and has done similar ops , openly admitting to many .
See Operation Ajax , Gulf of Tonkin , USS Liberty attack , and the Lavon affair , to name a few .
The government experimented with radiation on its own citizens from 1944 to 1994 through injections and pills given to unsuspecting participants , even children and pregnant mothers .
All secret for fifty years .
Google it and see .
A prominent Congressman of the time argued that the Great Depression was engineered by the Federal Reserve .
( More on this later ) .
Second is the objection : how could they have accomplished it ?
Or , it sounds too much like a conspiracy theory .
This is double - think of the grossest sort .
19 hijackers could somehow accomplish this , including the NORAD stand - down and the intelligence community ’s willful ignoring of massive data .
A group of terrorists plotting secretly to hijack planes and fly them into buildings is itself a conspiracy theory .
It ’s merely the one we ’ve been told over and over again .
Therefore , we believe it .
But look at the ACTUAL EVIDENCE , a small portion of which is above .
This seems to be extraordinarily difficult for most people .
They simply will not look .
Bizarrely , scientists are even more susceptible to this , despite their refrain of basing theories on empirical and forensic data .
Sadly , it stems from fear .
The dissociative process resulting from ACTUALLY LOOKING and finding out the truth in this matter , threatens the entire world - view .
Now , how could they accomplish it ?
4000 lbs of thermite explosive would take out any of these buildings .
That much could be carried in on ten janitorial cart loads .
CIA and Delta force operatives are the most elite , well - trained covert specialists in the world .
Why would a bunch of stock brokers and computer programmers suspect anything from a team of workmen ?
Six could rig the building in eight to ten days .
The center columns were accessible , but hidden from sight .
There were many empty floors , shutdowns , and company offices moved about in the weeks before .
Aside from the controlled demolition , the 19 hijackers had to accomplish every other part of the mission and some of their own , like learning to fly large aircraft and obtaining financing .
Why on earth would it be easier for them than for expert covert ops specialists acting with complicit assistance from the nation ’s executive leadership ?
Commercial airliners fly to a landing based on a homing beacon , with slight modifications from the pilot .
Conventional technology is in common use to allow a pilot to remotely guide an aircraft , even from a simulator .
As little as ten people is enough for this part of the mission .
Or perhaps the hijacking was real and the black ops helped .
Supposedly , the hijackers did it with box -cutters , yet the masterful logicians of the Official Theory prove that the United States black ops forces would be unable to do it with the best technology available and an overwhelming home - field advantage .
The hijackers had to arrange for massive incompetence or complicity from the most sophisticated and well - trained military defense system on the planet .
The hijacker theory is patently absurd .
Why is it so believed ?
The reality of media control is verified with little effort .
See how many of these facts can be proven to your satisfaction based on internet research , yet were never reported in the media .
We have the further quote from former CIA director William Colby , “ The Central Intelligence Agency owns anyone of any significance in the major media . ”
Look up project Mockingbird , a CIA plan put into effect years ago to control the media .
Or read the Rolling Stone report on CIA reporters .
As media guru Marshall McLuhan said , ‘ Only the small secrets need to be protected .
The big ones are kept secret by public incredulity . ’
As to keeping secrets , the above answer applies .
We have the best trained , most technological black ops agents in the history of the world .
There are thousands of them , CIA , NSA ( which no one knew of for decades , despite several thousand employees ) , Delta force ( who will not admit Delta Force exists nor say anything about it ) , and other more secret groups including Blackwater , a mercenary , corporate funded army .
The operatives are psychologically profiled for innate characteristics which allow them to keep information under intensive interrogation .
Then they receive years of training in techniques to enhance those skills , allowing them to resist torture .
Covert ops are built on clandestine activity .
Operating in the shadows , agents have overthrown governments , fomented rebellion , arranged assassinations , made drug money and funneled it to resistance fighters , sold weapons , stolen weapons , given Russian weapons away to blame activities on our enemies , and lived with false identities in foreign countries for years without anyone knowing , and they never breathed a word .
( One example , a grisly 1940 ’s and 50’s CIA mind - control program included 80 institutions , hundreds of doctors , and more than a few deaths , yet no one ever spoke about it .
Discovery happened through an accidental connection . )
From these tens of thousands of covert personnel , the most elite would have been chosen , tested and subjected to months of black ops mental programming .
The statement that these highly trained operatives cannot keep a secret is absurd .
Thousands of would - be heroes kept ULTRA secret for 29 years after World War II , with far less incentive and training than these perpetrators .
One stunning fact is that the FBI wanted profile for Osama bin Laden does not even mention 911 .
They refer to a 1998 bombing .
When muckraker.com contacted them , they said , ‘ the FBI has no hard evidence connecting Bin Laden to 911 . ’
Despite that odd admission , we invaded Afghanistan .
Interestingly , a prior negotation with the Taliban to pass a critical oil pipeline through that same country failed .
Whistleblower Russ Tice , a military intelligence analyst , has sought to testify before Congress about his information on 911 , and been refused .
National Security Whistleblowers Coalition put a list of thirteen people prepared to testify to the 911 Commission .
All were turned away , ignored , or censored .
The list included eight FBI agents , a colonel from the Defense Intelligence Agency , a special agent of ATF , a member of the security division of the FAA , and emergency attack specialist from the USDA , an NSA senior analyst .
Many other intelligence and law enforcement agents contacted the commission but were refused the chance to testify .
Many who have tried to testify have been demoted , lost jobs , and even imprisoned .
Most disturbing is that people seem to not be paying attention .
Perhaps the birth of Brad and Angelina ’s new baby , or the ugly demise of Britney Spears are more pressing concerns , thus worthy of the awesome media attention paid , but I respectfully find this to be a gross error in proportion .
This matter is far from over .
The world looms upon an abyss .
America once sounded the clarion call of freedom and equality for all men .
In 1776 , this nation struggled as a small colony and put democracy onto the world stage .
Many free nations have been born and all the world has benefited , seeing by clear example that tyranny was not the mandate of heaven .
Now we have fallen into the illusion that despotism cannot strike our shores .
Perhaps this belief is true , but where is the proof ?
Rome was a Republic for 200 years longer than we have now been when Julius Caesar pulled his fascinating coup .
World history shows perhaps ten or twelve true democracies .
Most have fallen , and no logic will protect us from ignorance of this situation .
No blind hope that things will improve can suffice now .
Does no one feel it in the air , the cold chill that tells all our easy days are vanished ?
Can anyone sense , in the culture itself , a shadow as it settles over Earth ?
The annals of history are open for all to read .
In the twentieth century alone Stalin killed 60 million , Chairman Mao ( praised by David Rockefeller ) – 60 million , Hitler – 6 million Jews , 20 million others , Guatemala – 300,000 , Cambodia – 2 million , Turkey – 1.5 million , Rwanda – 800 thousand .
And the list goes on .
We have become a nation engaged in endless war .
Due to our power , the globe must also endure this same fate .
The Project for a New American Century ( PNAC ) , begun in 1996 , stated as its first , but not foremost aim , a war with Iraq .
Their official document said they needed ‘ a new Pearl Harbor ’ to engage the overt and extreme policy of American militarization .
Their primary stated goal is to actually fight and win major engagements in multiple theatres simultaneously .
The definition is non-distinguishable from World War III .
Twelve members of PNAC hold high staff in the current administration .
Dick Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld , Richard Perle , Paul Wolfowitz , Jeanne Kirkpatrick , Elliot Abrams , and Jeb Bush are among the PNAC members .
Two of their goals , the New Pearl Harbor and the war with Iraq , have already occurred .
The cost of this war is now measured at a trillion dollars , some 200 times the initial estimate of 50 billion .
This figure fails to account for future costs such as health concerns for soldiers and equipment replacement , an almost certain doubling .
The cost is still rising by nearly a billion dollars per day .
We have lost over 4400 soldiers and thousands more civilian volunteers .
Tens of thousands of wounded must be added to the equation .
The suicide rate of veterans is more than double that of the civilian populace and possibly up to four times as high for war time veterans .
The age from 20 - 24 , those serving in Iraq , is the highest .
6256 Veterans took their own life in 2005 .
Then we must consider the loss of foreign life , which now numbers a million casualties .
Were all of these terrorists ?
Millions of Iraqis and Afghanis have fled their homes .
We have created the greatest refugee state on the planet , as bad as the genocide in Rwanda .
Are we yet avenged for our 3000 dead ?
Can we so easily justify such a swathe of ruin based on our own wounds ?
How many of these were innocents ?
How many children ?
How many new terrorists have our actions created ?
Why are we so silent when so much proof of deception has been produced ?
The war was based on lies as all the world knows .
They knew there were no WMD ’s and there was no Iraqi connection to al - Quaeda .
We , as countrymen , are complicit in this war if we fail to speak against it .
Why does no one complain ?
Where once I was proud to be American , today I am ashamed .
Worse , I am now afraid .
This madness has bankrupted the most powerful nation on Earth and now they are eager to begin the next phase : war with Iran .
We are rattling their bars through many means , including our old friend : covert operations .
Iran may have some greater unity of culture and nationalistic spirit .
They may actually fight .
I make no defense of the Iranian leader , he is a clear madman who believes in the return of the twefth Imam to lead Iran into battle against the infidels .
But perhaps we should bide our time until the twelfth Imam returns to begin battle .
It may be a considerable wait and he is up for re-election in 2009 .
Our brave and worthy soldiers could use some peace - time .
His power is far from absolute , too .
An intelligent overthrow from inside could be worth consideration .
The Iranian people are far more progressive than the media presents .
Iran hosts the largest Jewish population in the middle East , bar Israel , and they live in harmony with their Islamic neighbors while their leader , elected on a progressive platform , has changed and now rails for destruction of Israel .
Sharin Ebadi won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2003 .
She accepted her prize unveiled causing shock and outrage among Islamic fundamentalists .
However , upon return to Tehran , she was greeted by hundreds of thousands of ecstatic supporters .
70 % of the population are under thirty and they blog against the leader with some impunity .
The right wing clergy controlling the nation is drastically out of step with this youthful , politically active element .
Iran is ripe for reform .
If we simply attack her outright , or instigate attack by conceiving of this country as a monolithically fundamental country , we make a terrible error .
We unite the people against us .
Instead we should do what we do best , engage in blue - jean propaganda .
We should speak of civil liberties , humanitarian reforms , and good education , which is what the people there want .
They are sick of repressive regimes .
Women want to cast off their veils instead of choking in the heat , and people want to view Islam based on the principles of life and love .
The great majority reject terrorism outright .
We can be friends with Iran and we are foolish for simply going to war .
We can engage in diplomacy with the current leaders , while running a free speech campaign to the people via radio , ala WWII ’s ‘ Voice of Freedom , ’ suggesting democratic initiatives and a better quality of life for all the people .
We can inculcate a much desired democracy among the people .
Why are we so eager to go to war with the country which could be our strongest ally , providing a possible anchor point for the Middle East ?
The huge furor over the Mohammed cartoons has been played up by an extremist government out of touch with its people and by a fanatical Western media anxious to prove that terrorism is systemic to Islam .
The two governments almost seem to co-ordinate efforts , though ours is probably playing theirs as they wish .
This protest involved four hundred in a city of twelve million .
The protest , destroying the Dutch embassy , was freely allowed by a government that is ridiculously repressive against even peaceful demonstrations .
One must wonder why .
The general mood of Iran is not so enraged or incensed as we have been led to believe .
It is a select minority characterized as the majority .
Viewing our own nation by this logic , we are all Branch Davidians .
We all drank the kool - aid .
Ahamadinejad , the Iranian leader , is in fact mocked by his own people , on blogs , for his claim to be surrounded by a luminous light as he spoke before the UN .
He was elected on promises of progressive reform , promises he quickly abandoned .
Perhaps we should allow the Iranian people the opportunity to speak their voice and change leadership during their 2009 elections .
They look likely to shift sharply to the left .
All other candidates speak of talks with the West and détente .
Even words like partnership appear in the more progressive approaches .
Why would our administration not listen to their head of General Command , Marine General William Fallon ?
He resigned in protest over the war - like stance of the administration toward Iran .
Another high - ranking General refused the position of Iraqi theater command on a similar basis .
Instead of listening to our military experts , the administration has wrested $ 400 million in covert ops funding against Iran .
Even arch - conservative Pat Buchanan has come out against a war with Iran .
Former National Security Advisor and Trilateral founder Zbigniew Brzezinski , in an outspoken criticism of the Iraq war , says , ‘… provocation in Iraq or a terrorist attack in the US blamed on Iran … ’ could set the stage for a war with Iran .
Many have noted the phrase ‘ terrorist attack … blamed on Iran , ’ a clear implication that Iran would not be the actual perpetrator .
Political commentators have taken this to the undeniable conclusion of a ( or another ) false - flag attack by rogue sections of our own government .
Back at home , oil prices have undergone recent inflation of 70 % per year since January , yet the strategic oil reserve is buying it at a record rate .
They are tasked with breaking such cycles of speculation by releasing the reserves into the market .
Why are they doing the opposite ?
Mobil , Exxon , Sunoco , and two other American oil conglomerates have been awarded no bid contracts to produce Iraqi oil .
We have the right to demand an explanation for this .
Has America destroyed Iraq only to privatize its sole national resource , thus robbing its people of any chance for economic recovery and imbuing them with a validated hatred of the U.S. ?
America , it seems , is now a colonizing nation .
Some disturbing facts , if anyone bothers to take notice .
The writ of habeas corpus was suspended by the Military Commissions Act of 2006 .
Yale law professor Bruce Ackerman says that the MCA can be applied to American citizens who can be seized as ‘ enemy combatants . ’
Law professor Marty Leiderman explains that the Pentagon can use whatever criteria they wish to label someone an enemy combatant .
Once seized , the suspect can be thrown into a military prison for life and cannot expect even a military trial , much less any of the other normal protections of the Bill of Rights .
Americans can be stripped of citizenship , taken off - shore , tortured , and secretly executed .
Under section 802 of the Patriot Act , all misdemeanors are considered acts of terrorism .
Section 806 allows the government to seize all assets before a trial of anyone who supports even the protestors committing an illegal act ( ACLU ) .
Patriot II or the Domestic Security Enhancement Act , not yet passed , is heinous .
I do n’t use the word lightly , but it gives the government dictatorial powers under any examination .
Go to : http://www.infowars.com/articles/ps/patriot2_hitler_powers_bush.htm for the ugly truth .
Remember , the breaking of virtually any law can be labeled an act of terrorism .
It is the blueprint for tyranny :
Removal of court - ordered prohibitions against police agencies spying on domestic groups .
The FBI would be granted powers to conduct searches and surveillance based on intelligence gathered in foreign countries without first obtaining a court order .
Creation of a DNA database of suspected terrorists .
Prohibition of any public disclosure of the names of alleged terrorists including those who have been arrested .
Exemptions from civil liability for people and businesses who voluntarily turn private information over to the government .
Criminalization of the use of encryption to conceal incriminating communications .
Automatic denial of bail for persons accused of terrorism - related crimes , reversing the ordinary common law burden of proof principle .
All alleged terrorists would be required to demonstrate why they should be released on bail rather than the government being required to demonstrate why they should be held .
Expansion of the list of crimes eligible for the death penalty .
The United States Environmental Protection Agency would be prevented from releasing " worst case scenario " information to the public about chemical plants .
United States citizens whom the government finds to be either members of , or providing material support to , terrorist groups could have their US citizenship revoked and be deported to foreign countries .
( from Wikipedia , a white - wash interpretation . )
Former attorney General Alberto Gonzales has said that the Constitution does not guarantee the right of habeas corpus , it only disallows its suspension .
This sort of double - speak is illogical and dangerous .
The law further allows the military judge to prevent testimony of defense witnesses , allow evidence obtained illegally , and through coercion .
The defendant can even be excluded from his own trial for security reasons .
This , even though the sixth amendment guarantees the right to a fair trial .
Op - Ed News reports on a military officer , a whistleblower with information on 911 , who is in prison in Georgia denied the rights of Habeas Corpus .
Ecological activists have been prosecuted as terrorists despite their clear policy of never taking life .
This act repeals 800 years of the basic human rights presented by the Magna Carta in 1215 .
Civilized nations have held this principle since the Middle Ages , yet bafflingly , the United States cannot .
The Military Commissions
Act was found unconstitutional by the Supreme Court , but there are many cases ( Guantanamo , for example ) of this administration dismissing Supreme Court decisions with no concern .
The Supreme Court has no power to uphold their decision save the Constitution , but according to our President , “ The Constitution is just a goddamned piece of paper . ”
I hope you disagree with him .
Armed guards with machine guns are on permanent station outside the houses of Congress .
The streets have been redesigned to fold up into barricades .
Senator Dennis Kucinich , sponsoring a bill for impeachment , has said that though Senators support the bill , they are intimidated by this type of presence .
Is it really to defend against terrorism ?
The FBI has issued over 150,000 National Security Letters , or gag orders , since 9/11 .
This is 100 times the number of any previous administration .
These require a citizen to turn over business , medical , or personal records of his clients , associates , neighbors , friends , and family while preventing any disclosure of even having received the letter to anyone .
Violation can result in up to six years imprisonment .
There are stories of librarians , internet service providers , and others having their lives turned into paranoid nightmares where they cannot discuss this disgusting violation of their human decency with even their own spouse .
Most doubt if the suspects are terrorists .
In 2005 , Senator Sensenbrenner ( R - WI ) introduced HR 1528 which mandates a citizen to inform on any criminal activity he uncovers within 24 hours .
If your friend leaves a message about white powder and you fail to report him , you can be arrested .
If your neighbor is a suspected drug dealer , you can be forced to wear a wire or go to prison for up to ten years .
Your property can be seized by the state .
Thankfully , the bill did not pass , but the fact that it made it out of sub - committee is terrifying enough .
Another may be on the way .
The CIA is operating secret prisons in a number of countries .
The Salt Mine in Afghanistan is the largest confirmed one .
Other of these prisons are known to exist but their location is uncertain .
Terrorist suspects are not given even the right to a military tribunal .
These are suspects and have not been proven guilty .
If the constitution is not upheld honorably to others , then what does our noble history mean ?
Can we expect it to hold forever , or even much longer , for our own rights ?
Despite a root Constitutional stricture against it no matter the circumstances , torture is now routine on these suspects .
Many have died .
We do not even know where they are or their names .
How can we imagine what is being done ?
Again , they have not been proven to be terrorists .
Charges have been brought against a mere ten of the Guantanamo Bay detainees , yet not proven .
Hundreds are still captives and have been tortured psychologically and physically for more than six years now .
Cruel and unusual punishment is forbidden upon even the worst convicted criminal by the Constitution .
These men have not even been charged with a crime .
This is the depth of our shame .
If we are a nation of honor , we should have long ago spoken against this atrocity .
If these supects are terrorists , then charge them as such and prove it .
If not , how can we in good conscience hold them ?
Free and democratic nations do not keep innocents imprisoned , nor do they torture them .
And the people should not ignore it when the government misbehaves .
I am ashamed for my country .
If we are who we say we are , then we cannot blithely sit by , enjoying what freedoms we retain , while others totally lose theirs .
If we are who we say we are , we must fight for the freedom of all .
White House counsel John
Yoo has said that the President has the power to declare war on anyone , anywhere , anytime .
Yoo issued a memo covering the administration ’s ability to legally use torture by re-defining it .
Here , torture means to have as one ’s principal motive the infliction of significant physical or mental pain .
If the interrogator wants information as their primary intent , they can cause as much pain as they wish , and it is not torture .
Yoo also makes the bizarre claim that the suspects are not protected by the Geneva Convention .
He has been denounced by the National Lawyer ’s Guild and they wish to prosecute him as a war criminal .
No wonder , since he said on radio the Commander in Chief could legally order that someone ‘ crush the testicles of a child . ’
It would be permissible for the parents to be forced to watch .
Indeed , similar atrocities have happened .
One example is the case of Iraqi boys sodomized with glow sticks while their mothers shrieked for death in order not to see it .
Another is Dilawar , an Afghani taxi driver , known to be innocent by his American torturers .
His arms were chained to the ceiling for most of a four day period and his perineal nerve struck ( among other abuses ) over 100 times in 24 hours , amusing the captors with his scream of ‘ Allah . ’
He died .
One of the soldiers is serving two months .
There are no other convictions .
A third ( the list is long ) is Maher Arar , a Canadian - Syrian dual citizen questioned by the US .
Denied a lawyer ( not a US citizen ) , he was sent to Syria where he was repeatedly beaten and imprisoned in a three by six foot ( coffin sized ) cell with rats for ten months .
They Syrian government found nothing and returned him .
This is the war on terror .
UN human rights chief Dr. John Pace said that as many as a thousand Iraqis a month are being tortured to death and that 80 to 90 percent of U.S. detainees are innocent .
The worst of the torturing is done by Shia militias , not US forces , but by all accounts Iraq is a far worse place to live under US control than under Sadam Hussein .
Roving death squads terrorize people and trip - wire bombs turn alley - ways into death traps for children .
The US presence has drastically increased sectarian violence .
Another disturbing factor is the US use of private military contractors , forbidden , like torture , under the Geneva Convention .
The US boasts sixty corporate militias and there are many more worldwide .
Up to 100,000 privatized troops , the best special ops forces , operate in Iraq .
Blackwater operates in the US , as well as Iraq .
They appeared in New Orleans after Katrina and have been called ‘ Bush ’s Praetorian guard ’ and his ‘ private army . ’
They have been banished by the Iraqi government , but their contract was renewed by the US without concern .
Blackwater , after losing four soldiers to insurgents , destroyed Fallujah with the Marine Corp .
Illegal use of white phosphorous , a chemical warfare WMD , is widely cited in Fallujah .
Many unarmed people , including women , children and infants , were killed without restraint and by deliberate intent .
Hundreds were shot in bed .
Many bodies were partially eaten by dogs .
You can see the photos online .
These mercenaries are liable neither to civilian not military law .
( For a tragic account of an attempted whistleblower on USIS , another private military contractor , google Colonel Theodore Westhusing .
Our heroes are first betrayed . )
In my opinion , this administration is systematically sowing chaos and abusing the populace with the deliberate intent of creating terrorists to feed the war on terror .
They create a self - fulfilling prophecy in a dynamic feedback loop .
If our government wants democracy , why has it so consistently over - turned it through CIA covert operations in other countries ?
We have put many dictators in power , including Saddam Hussein .
The US propaganda in Iraq is off the scale of dictatorial powers .
If a reporter files a negative report against the United States , they can be imprisoned for thirty years .
They have been executed for it , by our own forces .
It is a strange democracy we offer to this country .
At home , our President was caught spending $ 1.6 billion to pay off reporters to write friendly stories and not investigate others .
He has publicly stated on more than one occasion that he is above the law .
Even Republican senators have complained that this government is shrouded in secrecy and pushes through laws to shield them from scrutiny while sharply curtailing freedom of information laws .
What are they doing behind this veil ?
Horribly , the administration forced the EPA to change its report on air quality in New York near ground zero from toxic to non-dangerous .
Some have already paid the price for breathing in air filled with powdered asbestos and other dangerous substances .
A few heroic individuals , including a retired police officer , who volunteered for hundreds of hours of clean - up , died of black lung , a very rare malady these days .
The best among us have been discarded by deception .
The dust from the towers blanketed the entire city .
The toll on health of New Yorkers could easily climb into the hundreds of thousands by this treasonous perjury .
No one has been held accountable .
Halliburton is not gone .
In fact , they have a corporate militia .
And despite their grotesque displays of government favoritism and graft , they have been awarded a $ 385 million contract for the building of new prisons .
Each of these prisons can house a staggering 5000 inmates .
These have the express use of “ an excess of immigrants or in the event of a national emergency . ”
A sudden influx of a hundred thousand dangerous immigrants seems somewhat unlikely .
So why would the government need to imprison a hundred thousand people because of a national emergency ?
After an emergency , the government is tasked with helping people , not imprisoning them .
What logic can be found that is congruent with our idea of America ?
The Posse Comitatus has recently been overturned .
Now the United States military may legally operate in its own borders against her own citizenry .
The President can seize control of state national guard troops at will .
In a democratic state , what possible need is there for this ?
Are they above the law ?
Karl Rove has taken to ignoring a fleet of Congressional subpoenas issued to him concerning FISA , the illegal tapping of American ’s telephones .
Provisions of the 2006 Military Commissions
Act provide retroactive immunity to the administration for war crimes !
Perhaps this is a response to a classified Red Cross report on torture ( locked in tiny boxes and waterboarded ) of Guantamo detainees by the CIA .
Even government investigation proves that at least 55 % of these people are completely innocent .
Only 8 % have ties to al - Qaeda .
The Red Cross suggests the administration is indictable for war crimes .
These are our leaders .
In the words of one senior Republican Congressman ( tortured himself in North Korea ) , ‘ America is better than this . ’
Please do your own research .
Verify these things for yourself .
It is not difficult to do so , I assure you .
Everything presented as fact is true .
Perhaps I am insane and unable to interpret this material correctly , but is there nothing frightening here at all ?
The strangeness continues .
The so - called terror watch - list has grown to a million names .
That is only an estimate because the mere number of names is , inexplicably , classified information .
An American official who has questioned the policies of this terror watch list found himself on it .
His record as a citizen is impeccable and he clearly has no ties to any terrorist organization .
He can not get his name removed .
Nelson Mandela was on the list until the President , under petition , signed an order to have him removed .
If you find yourself on this list , air travel will become increasingly difficult .
Soon it may be impossible .
Under the RealID act , each American is required to obtain an identification card which will actually broadcast his whereabouts through a tiny RFID chip .
These chips are manufactured by Texas Instruments among other companies and are in common use on many ordinary products , peanut butter , for example .
Some people have volunteered to have them implanted .
They cost pennies and are simple to mass - produce .
Without a RealID , you can be denied the right to board a plane .
Your passport is no longer sufficient .
You can be arrested for not having your RealID .
The law has already been passed .
Some states are rebelling , and have passed anti-Real ID laws .
The question is : do you think the government has the right to know where you are at all times ?
Where you shop ?
The address of your entire family and when you visit ?
Do you want that ?
This government can look at your medical records , tap your phone , read your e-mails , subpoena your friends and business associates for questioning about you , then gag order them to prevent their letting you know , all without a warrant .
The Total Information Awareness program created a massive database of people ’s personal information .
Yours is definitely there .
They never need to tell you .
This is not freedom .
Under National Security Presidential Directive 51 , in the event of a major terrorist attack , the President can cancel the elections , declare martial law and remain in office until the threat is over .
How long until the terrorist threat will be over ?
You can probably guess who makes that determination .
The plan is ultra-secret .
Congress can find very little about PD 51 , also called the Continuity of Government Program , or COG .
It allows the administration to suspend the constitution in the event of national emergency , which can be declared in response to virtually any situation in the world .
A war with Iran is a good example .
Why are n’t we seeing any of these issues in the mainstream media ?
According to Congressman Dennis Kucinich , the slight information they receive shows that the administration has ‘ undermined the Constitution , broken the laws , and put money in the pockets of special interest groups . ’
NSPD 51 contains ‘ classified continuity annexes … protected from unauthorized disclosure . ’
Congressman De Fazio , on the House Homeland Securities Committee , sent a letter requesting to see these annexes .
The letter was co-signed by House Homeland Securities Committee Chairman Bennie Thompson and Oversight sub-committee Chairman Christopher Carney .
The White House denied these requests .
PD 51 allows for the cancellation of all Congressional authority .
Perhaps a national emergency plan should not be public knowledge , but to restrict such an extreme plan from all Congressional oversight , even the members of the Homeland Security Committee discards the fundamental American system of checks and balances .
The directive is a blue - print for consolidating all governmental powers into the executive branch .
Does no one feel a dread chill ?
Does anyone sense that this world may be slipping toward darkness , faster each day ?
Here are four programs few people know about , easily verified .
Operation Garden
Plot allows for the round - up of masses of American citizens by the military based on dissident status .
If you disagree with the above government policies , you can be labeled a dissident .
Operation Cable Splicer details a methodology for the Federal Government to smoothly take over state and local government operations .
And Rex 84 , ironically first tested by exercises in 1984 , allows for the detention of large numbers of American citizens .
There are a number of confirmed barbed wire enclosed camps , with guards , operated by FEMA .
No prisoners yet .
A list of more than 600 unconfirmed , but potential sites , federally owned , exists .
The Huston Plan was created by Karl Rove’s
One of the world 's leading experts on trend forecasting says that producing our own energy for our homes and cars ( called " micro generation " ) will become a huge trend in the next couple of decades .
Indeed , if the economy really crashes , we may not be able to rely on centralized energy producers and utilities or large - scale agriculture and transportation .
So getting a head - start in thinking about micro energy and food production will not only save us money , it will give us confidence in uncertain times .
Energy
every day
- A new generation of highly - efficient wind turbines ( and see this ) is being introduced which can produce much more energy
- And new approaches to solar energy ( see this and this ) are making residential solar very cost - competitive
even more money
Food
- You can grow vegetable gardens vertically ( it does n't look that great , but it works )
- You can get chickens and buy or build a chicken coop for eggs and chicken meat ( my wife got 4 chicks a couple of weeks ago ; I thought at first she was nuts , but they are actually easy to keep )
Silver Lining ?
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
There are currently great needs and great opportunities for improvement in post - secondary science education .
As world education improves , we need to provide more students with complex understanding and problem solving skills in technical subjects to allow them to be responsible and successful citizens in modern society .
Emerging research indicates that our colleges and universities are not achieving this .
However , there are great opportunities to improve this situation using advances in the understanding of how people learn science and advances in educational technology .
Students Are Not Apprentices – But It 's Not A Bad Concept
The current model of higher education grew in a haphazard fashion that has left us with traditional practices and modes of organization that in some aspects are poorly matched to modern educational needs .
It seems likely that the university grew out of the apprenticeship model of an expert working closely with an apprentice , assigning them challenging tasks and then providing guidance as needed to carry out those tasks , as well as offering ongoing feedback on their work .
This model , or its modern day embodiment of “ the expert individual tutor , ” remains the most effective demonstrated approach to education .
As knowledge and population grew , the apprentice model expanded into the university with an increasing number of students for each expert , in order to pass along information more efficiently .
The lecture format predominant today began long ago , before the invention of the printing press , as an efficient way to pass along information and basic skills such as writing and arithmetic in the absence of written texts .
The economies of scale led to this expanding to the current situation of a remote lecturer often addressing hundreds of largely passive students .
It 's unclear that this model was ever truly effective for science education and vast societal and technological changes over the past several decades make it clearly unsuitable for science education today .
The most significant of these changes are discussed below :
1 ) Modern day educational needs and goals are far different from what they were in past centuries or even a few decades ago .
The modern economy demands and rewards complex problem solving and communication skills in technical subjects and complex problem solving skills are frequently at odds with traditional university teaching practices .
The lecture model , while conducive to transfer of simple information , loses much of the individualized challenging exercises and feedback that is a critical part of the apprenticeship model for acquiring complex problem solving skills .
While this individual instruction was retained in the British system of tutors for study in sciences , that system is not economically practical for large scale use .
2 ) Changing student demographics .
Until a few decades ago , college education was considered necessary and useful for only a select few .
Now college has become a basic educational requirement for most occupations in the modern economy .
This means that a larger and more diverse segment of the population is seeking post - secondary education than in previous times , and thus a system is needed that can deliver a high quality education to that large diverse population .
It is difficult to adequately emphasize how enormous this demographic change is from the situation that existed when most of our colleges and universities were originally created and their organizational structures established .
It is even dramatically different from what existed when many of today ’s college teachers and administrators were in college themselves .
Those who lament that we just need to get back to “ the good old days , ” do n't understand today ’s realities .
We face an educational challenge which is unprecedented : the need to effectively teach complex technical knowledge and skills to the bulk of the total population .
The approaches of the past are clearly inadequate to meet this need .
3 ) Faculty members ’ responsibilities are far different from what they were several decades ago .
This is particularly true at the large research universities that stand at the top of the higher education pyramid and train nearly all the higher education faculty .
The modern research university now plays a major role in knowledge acquisition and application in science and engineering , through the efforts of the faculty .
Running a research program has become a necessary part of nearly every science and engineering faculty member ’s activities , and it is often the most well recognized and rewarded part .
Such a research program requires the successful faculty member to spend time writing proposals and obtaining research funding , managing graduate students and staff , writing scholarly articles , participating in scholarly societies , and traveling to conferences and lectures .
This is much like the demands of running a small ( or sometimes not so small ) business .
Faculty members are also increasingly encouraged by their institutions and governments to take the additional step of converting the knowledge of their research lab into commercial products .
This brings additional revenues into the institution and provides highly visible justification for the government expenditures on basic research at universities .
When they take this step into commercialization , the faculty members are often literally running a business , in addition to the business - management - like responsibilities of running a university research lab .
While good arguments can be made for the value of such faculty driven university research and the creation of spin - off companies , the result is a faculty with new sets of demands and responsibilities that were largely nonexistent at the middle of the last century .
These demands must be considered in any discussion of changing higher education .
4 ) While the above changes are in the educational role and environment of the university , changes of a rather different sort have also taken place ; changes in the state of knowledge of how to assess and achieve effective science education .
The understanding of how people think and learn , particularly how they learn science , has dramatically improved over the past few decades . ( 1 )
While there has never been a shortage of strongly held opinions throughout history regarding “ better ” educational approaches , there is now a large and growing body of good research , particularly at the college level in science and engineering , as to what pedagogical approaches work and do not work and with which students and why .
There are also empirically established principles about learning emerging from research in educational psychology , cognitive science , and education that provide good theoretical guidance for designing and evaluating educational outcomes and methods .
These principles are completely consistent with those pedagogical practices that have been measured to be most effective .
An important part of this research is the better delineation of what makes up expert competence in a technical subject and how this can be more effectively measured .
While there is still much to be learned , there is enormously more known now than existed when the teaching methods in use in most college classrooms today were introduced and standardized .
Briefly summarizing a large field , research has established that people do not develop true understanding of a complex subject like science by listening passively to explanations .
True understanding only comes through the student actively constructing their own understanding through a process of mentally building on their prior thinking and knowledge through “ effortful study ” .
(2) This construction of learning is dependent on the epistemologies and beliefs they bring to the subject and these are readily affected ( positively or negatively ) by instructional practices .
( 3,4 ) Furthermore , we know that expert competence is made up of several features .
( 1,2 )
In addition to factual knowledge , experts have unique mental organizational structures and problem solving skills that facilitate the effective retrieval and useful application of that factual knowledge .
These also facilitate further learning of related material .
Experts also have important metacognitive abilities ; they can evaluate and correct their own understanding and thinking processes .
The development of these expert " beyond factual " competencies are some of the new ways of thinking that students must construct on their path to “ expertness . ”
There are important implications of this research for both teaching and assessment :
i ) The most effective teaching of science is based upon having the student fully mentally engaged with suitably challenging intellectual tasks , determining their thinking , and providing specific targeted and timely feedback on all these relevant facets of their thinking to support the student 's ongoing mental construction process .
ii ) Meaningful assessment of science learning requires tests that are carefully constructed to measure these desired ways of thinking .
As such , their design must be based on an understanding of these expert characteristics and how people learn , in addition to a thorough understanding of student thinking about the subject in question .
Such assessments go well beyond the simple testing of memorization of facts and problem solving recipes that is the ( unintended and unrecognized ) function of the typical college examination .
5 ) The final dramatic change is in the state of education related technology .
Everyone is aware of the enormous increases in the capabilities of information technology ( IT ) over the past few decades , years , and even months .
These offer many fairly obvious opportunities for dramatically changing how teaching is done in colleges and universities , and in the process , making higher education far more effective and more efficient .
Unfortunately , these vast opportunities remain largely untapped .
While there are a few spectacular examples , generally the educational IT currently available is quite limited in both quantity and quality .
We are now at a watershed in higher education .
We are faced with the need for great change , and we have the yet unrealized opportunities for achieving great change .
The full use of the research on teaching and learning , particularly as implemented via modern IT , can transform higher education , and allow it to do a far better job of meeting the higher education needs of a modern society .
Much of the rest of this series , compiled from from a presentation I did for the Province of British Columbia , Ministry of Advanced Education and Labour Market Development , concerns how such effective teaching practices and the associated valid assessments of learning can be implemented in the modern university environment .
We 're going to discuss the characteristics of this hypothetical transformed - optimized - university , and then we 're going to discuss how we can do it , in the next installment , Optimizing Science Education : What We Will Need For The University Of 2020 .
FURTHER READING :
J. Duederstadt , A University for the 21st Century , Univ. of Mich .
Press ( 2000 ) provides an extensive discussion of these topics .
REFERENCES :
(1) J. Bransford et al , How people learn , NAS Press , Wash .
DC . ( 2002 )
(2) P. Ross ,
The expert mind , Scientific American , pg. 64 , Aug. 2006 , and K. A. Ericsson , et al , The Cambridge Handbook of Expertise and Expert Performance , Cambridge Univ. Press ( 2006 )
(3) E. Redish , Teaching Physics with the Physics Suite , Wiley ( 2003 )
(4) W. K. Adams , K. K. Perkins , N. Podolefsky , M. Dubson , N. D. Finkelstein and C. E. Wieman , A new instrument for measuring student beliefs about physics and learning physics : the Colorado Learning Attitudes about Science Survey , Physical Review Special Topics : Phys. Educ. Res. 2 , 010101 , 2006 , and K. K. Perkins , W. K. Adams , N. D. Finkelstein , S. J. Pollock , and C. E. Wieman , Correlating Student Beliefs With Student Learning Using The Colorado Learning Attitudes about Science Survey , PERC Proceedings 2004 .
In 1993 , a gifted young inventor in Manhattan named Sean Dix created and then patented a new dental flossing device called FlossRings .
His next patented invention was sterilized dental floss in five - inch segments that would be inserted into the FlossRings .
These were revolutionary advancements in dental health care , but Sean did not realize how revolutionary they were at the time .
He would not discover until 1995 , that his would be the only sterilized and sterilely packaged floss in the industry .
Like most of us , Sean assumed that all dental floss was sterile .
The unfortunate truth is that it is not .
The FlossRings were sterling , stainless steel , or plastic red , blue or clear ring - like devices that fit over the two index fingers , holding five inches of floss between them .
They make flossing easier , even for people with dexterity problems , and an Indiana University study ten years ago reported that the FlossRings and sterile segments removed 23.8 % more plaque than Johnson &Johnson ( J&J ) waxed floss alone .
While this paper was being written in 2008 , however , it was discovered that the actual percentage number was not 23.8 percent .
It was an astounding 31 percent .
An " x " and a " y " in the equation had been reversed by someone working in the study .
This would be but one of numerous unexplained " oddities " to be encountered by the man who invented sterilized dental floss .
At the time of his inventions , Johnson &Johnson had been enjoying its position as a leader in the flossing industry for almost 100 years .
In 1994 , J&J began showing interest in the Dix FlossRings and invited Sean to a meeting with their worldwide acquisitions leader , Brian Bootel .
Also in the meeting were the J&J marketing director , and the head of research and development .
Sean met with them one afternoon in May of 1994 , showed them his goods , and showed them how sterile floss segments could be sterilized and packaged sterilely like Band - Aids .
As the marketing director began to show visible excitement over what Sean was showing them , Sean states that Mr. Bootel extended his right foot under the conference table and kicked her .
Sean had no idea that on this spring day in 1994 the only person in that room ( and the only person in the U.S. ) who knew how to make and package sterile dental floss was Sean Dix .
He was the dreamer who , despite having no college training , had easily solved the one problem that the old spooled dental floss industry had been unable or unwilling to solve for one century .
He knew that the way to keep dental floss sterile for each use was to package it in segments instead of winding it by the yard around spools .
No one said a word , however .
No one in the J&J conference room told Sean that he was showing them the only feasible way of putting sterile floss on the market .
It was strangely synchronistic that while this meeting was taking place in 1994 , Johnson &Johnson was going through another " un- sterile " situation that was also being kept quiet .
This was another sterilization matter that J&J felt the public need not hear about .
Most of us , including Sean , would not hear about Johnson& Johnson 's Ethicon Vicryl sutures until 1999 .
The Vicryl sutures were being distributed for use in surgical procedures in 1994 , despite the fact that Ethicon 's sterilization equipment had stopped functioning in their plant in Texas .
Sean Dix did not accept the agreement offered to him by J&J in June of 1994 .
He sensed that something was not quite right and that the personnel were behaving oddly , although he still had no idea what their secret might have been .
He instructed his attorney to issue a letter terminating his relationship with J&J , which was carried out via telecopier on June 28 , 1994 .
Ignoring that letter , and with Sean Dix still on their minds , in August , Mr. Bootel , again contacted Sean and offered a better agreement .
This time Sean signed it , entering a brief " evaluation confidentiality agreement " with J&J .
During this time , J&J would conduct tests , and Sean was to maintain silence about his products .
The J&J personnel continued their own silence regarding the revolutionary sterile flossing concept , and they conducted an evaluation using only five sets of FlossRings provided by Sean .
Oddly , after the evaluation J&J decided they did not wish to pursue things further , stating they had " other internal strategic objectives " to pursue .
According to Sean , they also refused to honor Item 10 of their own agreement , in which J&J had promised to share the results of their study .
Sean moved on , leaving J&J behind and he began focusing on his manufacturing plans .
It was in the spring of the following year , 1995 , that Sean learned the truth about conventional , spooled dental floss while he prepared for the manufacturing phase of his own products .
In a matter - of - fact manner , an industry expert broke the news to Sean about his planned sterile floss .
" You realize you are going to be the only one who has sterilized floss in the industry , " the expert said to Sean .
" My jaw dropped , " Sean stated to me as he remembered that life - changing moment .
Stunned , Sean states he then asked the man , " You mean floss is n't sterilized ? "
To which the man replied : " None . "
Worse , Sean learned that the non-sterilized floss spools were assembled and packaged by hand .
Sean wondered how many others also assumed in error that the floss they were inserting deep into gum tissue was sterile .
He placed an ad in the Village Voice , asking for volunteers to take a poll in exchange for some free FlossRings .
Question # 2 of the poll asked the following : " 2 . )
Did you know that all dental floss currently on the market is Not Sterilized and is packaged by hand A ) Yes___ B ) No___ "
Of the 41 people who responded , all 41 checked B , " No . "
One hundred percent of those answering this poll and every other poll he conducted assumed in error that their floss was sterile .
No one knew it was being handled by people providing cheap factory labor in various countries throughout the world , including China .
In November of 1995 , Sean contacted Robert Morrissey , the author of a 624 - page book written about the importance of sterilization titled , " Sterilization Technology . "
Sean had read the book , and wanted to have a chat with Mr. Morrissey about the importance of sterilized dental floss .
It was not difficult to locate Mr. Morrissey because Mr. Morrissey also happened to work for Johnson &Johnson .
Sean wished to make certain that the top experts at J&J were aware that their company was declining a technique that would have given Johnson &Johnson the honor of bringing sterilized floss into the marketplace .
Further documenting this phone conversation , Sean then wrote a letter to Morrissey , stating , " The consumers believe that floss is sterile and given the choice , 100 out of 100 as polled would opt for the sterile floss . "
He mentioned again that he had offered Johnson &Johnson the opportunity of bringing sterilized floss to the marketplace , and that he would now do this , himself .
" Above and beyond the confines of boardroom politics , " Sean wrote , " we have the duty to make progress in the area of sterilization . "
Morrissey did not reply .
Sean felt the phone call and correspondence were gestures of good will to make certain that top experts at a company he highly respected were aware that they were declining a revolutionary idea .
But this gesture also did something else .
It put Johnson &Johnson on notice that Sean had finally realized the enormity of what he had invented .
He finally knew he would bring the only sterile dental floss to the market .
Sean never dreamed how seriously his innovations had rattled the century - old spooled floss industry .
He thought fair business competition was part of the American Dream and there would be fair play among the competitors .
He assumed that competition meant healthier , safer products for the public .
But the future was to hold an unimaginable nightmare for the solitary man about to bring on a dental revolution .
In the ensuing months , favorable reviews of Sean 's inventions poured in .
Among the first to give positive reviews were Forbes FYI , the Boston Globe , and Bloomberg News .
His products were praised as " revolutionary " and helping to modernize dental care .
In June of 1996 , his products would be placed on permanent exhibit in The National Museum of Dentistry in Baltimore , a museum that is affiliated with the Smithsonian .
By 1996 , Sean 's FlossRings were available in CVS drugstores nationwide , with other stores also placing orders .
Easily affordable at $ 1.99 , the first in - store orders were selling out .
Dix planned to sell the soon - to - be- manufactured sterile floss segments for $ 1.99 per package , as well .
Investors were lined up , and Mr. Bootel , years later , estimated that the market potential for Sean 's products was approximately $ 50 to $ 100 million yearly .
This represented a hefty percentage of the yearly US floss market that was being enjoyed by industry spooling giants , including Johnson &Johnson , but it made sense .
Most people would choose sterile floss over that which is not sterile , the same as they would sensibly choose sterile Band - Aids over non-sterile wound dressings .
And , there would be only one sterile dental floss available : the floss created by Sean Dix .
Sean sent a video of his Hammacher Schlemmer proposal for notable inventions to Bloomberg News , CNN and others .
While Sean was receiving nationwide orders , favorable media attention and his first products were selling well , while investors were lined up , while the prototypes of the sterile segments had been created and were on the verge of major manufacturing and just a week prior to being honored by the Smithsonian 's affiliate museum , Sean was contacted by media giant CNN .
They also wanted to do a news feature on his inventions .
He was thrilled and felt that being on CNN news would surely launch his emerging revolution .
Questions that some might be asking at this point are : why have we never heard about any of this , and why in 2008 are we still flossing with non-sterile dental floss that is spooled and hand - packaged by factory workers ?
Where are the Sean Dix FlossRings shown to remove significantly more plaque than Johnson& Johnson 's waxed floss alone ?
Where are the Sean Dix sterile floss segments , proudly and sterilely made in the USA ?
Who took our product choices away from us ?
Who removed the new competition from the old - fashioned spooled dental floss market ?
These are questions that the public might wish to direct toward Ted Turner , CNN , and Johnson &Johnson .
The CNN crew filmed Sean first at a Drug Guild meeting , and then the crew of Jeanne Moos filmed him at CVS and his apartment .
They filmed him stating he had invested approximately $ 60,000 into his products .
He explained again that his products were about to be honored in the National Museum of Dentistry , talked again about the sterility issue and why his superior floss would be an exciting new competitor in the floss market .
They already knew all about this , however , long before they ever contacted Sean as they had seen and heard all of this in their copy of the Hammacher Schlemmer video .
As Moos prepared to leave , Sean states she paused to comment on the enormous aftereffects of being on a CNN news segment .
" You realize that a piece like this can either make you or break you , " she said .
Sean found this statement curious .
Since his products had received good reviews , he dismissed the warning .
The news clip was scheduled to be run on June 12 , 1996 .
Sean , his investors , his potential investors , his national sales team , his family and his friends were all waiting to watch the clip , and Sean phoned CNN to find out when , exactly , it would be aired so they would not miss it .
He was told that it would be aired right after Larry King Live , and he thanked the reporter .
" Do n't thank me yet , " she said , " you might not like it . "
As everyone watched , CNN aired the clip , and stunned silence filled Sean 's mother 's apartment as it unfolded on national TV .
The clip was an insulting mockery of Sean Dix and his inventions .
In addition , it contained inaccurate scenes invented by Moos and the crews .
Removed entirely from the film footage was any and all mention that Sean Dix was about to offer people the only sterile dental floss on the market .
In fact , the word , " sterile " was carefully omitted from all dialogue .
The sterile floss segments were instead referred to by Moos as " pre-tipped floss segments . "
There was no mention of the fact that conventional floss is not sterile , which might have truly come as " news " to the millions of viewers watching .
There was no mention that Sean 's sterile product would have forced the old - fashioned dental spooling giants into an expensive modernization of their equipment in order to compete with one young man by the name of Sean Patrick Dix .
No mention was made about his products being placed on permanent exhibit at the Smithsonian 's affiliate museum .
Instead , the " news " clip created by Moos was filled with sarcastic ridicule in which she equated his inventions to the sort of junk one finds in a box of Cracker Jack .
Her clip began and ended as she poured a cheap , noisy sound - card playing the " Mission Impossible " theme from a box of Kellogg 's Corn Pops .
The clip never mentioned that Sean had turned down J&J 's first agreement .
It showed only the later letter from J&J stating they had changed their minds .
Two dentists fumbled with the rings and gave disparaging ratings .
Sean would later be told that one of the dentists involved was the personal dentist of Moos .
Moos ended this clip stating of Sean , " He 's a man with a mission - -" and then loudly playing the Mission Impossible theme song again .
Above this din she stated , " Try playing that on your FlossRings . "
The " American Dream " of a young inventor dissolved overnight into a surrealistic nightmare as Ted Turner 's CNN news comedians played their destructive Mission Impossible Corn Pops clip , not once , not two or three times , but repeatedly .
Sean need not have worried about " missing " this airing , because the Turner outfit aired it continuously throughout the night and the next day on numerous programs , as well as continuously on " Headline News " until there was complete national saturation .
It is not known how many days CNN repeatedly played this destructive clip , because Sean Dix stopped watching CNN on June 13th as his business collapsed around him .
The warning that Jeanne Moos had given Sean about CNN 's ability to " make or break " a person , became a reality .
When CNN was finished with its false advertising campaign , Sean Dix was completely broken .
The investors and national sales teams fled in the aftershock and embarrassment .
The empire of Ted Turner destroyed Sean 's business , scattered his investors and successfully eliminated the only competition to the spooled dental floss market , overnight .
But Sean points out that he was not the only one harmed by this act .
The American consumers were harmed as well .
We lost our chance to finally have a superior , sterile dental floss , and we lost a chance to have an improved way of flossing that specifically out - flossed Johnson &Johnson 's waxed floss , alone .
Some at CNN defended this clip as merely being " humorous , " but there is truly nothing humorous about a media giant using its full broadcasting capabilities to air an incomplete and inaccurate clip for the purpose of nationally destroying a worthy new competitor who stood poised to become the new leader in the dental floss industry .
This hatchet job was especially egregious considering the fact that Johnson & Johnson has a heavy presence on Turner Broadcasting .
CNN regularly features Johnson & Johnson 's products and services on their website as though they were " news , " thus blurring the distinction between news and product advertising .
Press releases have stated that CNN " collaborates " with J&J .
In a press release for " Safe Kids , " Turner Broadcasting is referred to as " Johnson & Johnson 's partner . "
Turner has also installed former top Johnson &Johnson personnel into top management within the massive Turner industry , a fact that is worthy of consideration because most shareholders would ostensibly want to protect their shareholder investments .
In addition , Johnson &Johnson is among the top ten largest advertisers on earth , another important business consideration especially when comparing J&J 's potential advertising revenue to that of one single man , Sean Dix .
It was the solitary man who stood to have become a serious competitor with the industry giant , should he have been allowed to move forward .
Because of close ties to the floss - giant , J&J , CNN could have ethically refused to review the products of the new floss competitor who was threatening J&J 's grip on the floss market .
They could have claimed a " conflict of interests , " but they chose to eliminate the competition , instead .
Ironically , in the State Science and Technology Institute magazine dated June 14 , 1996 , two days after Sean Dix 's revolutionary products had been destroyed on national television by CNN , Johnson & Johnson was listed as having been named by President Clinton to receive a National Medal of Technology , the nation 's highest technology honor , for " contributions to the present state of knowledge , " and for " technological innovation and advancement of U.S. global competitiveness . "
Overnight , the one man who dared to compete with the Goliath of the spooled - floss industry lost everything .
In fact , Sean had been so powerfully wiped out and undone , he could not even afford to sue the giant " partners " for what they had done to him .
The entire outdated spooled floss industry was then left to carry on " as is , " with no need for an expensive machinery upgrade in order to compete with Sean Dix .
Sean quickly discovered that the two dentists shown fumbling with the FlossRings on the Moos news clip had not been allowed to read the package instructions prior to using them , nor had they been made aware that the floss segments were a superior , sterilized product .
After realizing that CNN had manipulated them , one of the dentists wrote a letter to Sean stating , " I feel it only fair to write you with regard to the manner in which I was first exposed to your product "
The dentist , George D. Reskakis , D.D.S. , and his staff stated that the CNN film crew simply handed the FlossRings to the dentists and asked them to demonstrate and rate them .
One dentist was asked to use 18 inches of floss , instead of the five inches as directed on the package .
Dr. Reskakis wrote : " Since that initial time I have carefully reviewed all of the information and documentation . . .
Upon further review , and with the addition of the sterile pre-knotted floss , I now feel this is a viable and potentially valuable product for my patients . "
But what the dentist might have desired for his patients was apparently of no concern to anyone at CNN .
Sean began immediately sending this information to CNN , including copies of the Reskakis letter , but his letters and his phone calls were completely ignored .
There would be no retraction , no correction , no apology and CNN felt that the matter was closed .
Throughout 1996 and into 1997 , Sean dedicated himself to politely attempting to correct CNN , to no avail .
His FlossRings would eventually be seen on many news sources , including the New York Times , Prevention Magazine , the Saturday Evening Post , Glamour Magazine and numerous others , but his investors never returned after the massive , national cable campaign that had been carried out by CNN .
Peter Lusk , a potential investor wrote , " I have known Sean Dix since 1995 and am familiar with his ' Floss Rings ' product .
Before the [ Jeanne Moos ] CNN article , I was willing to invest approximately $ 100,000 personally , and attempt to raise an additional $ 1,000,000 for the ' Floss Rings ' product .
Due to the embarrassingly negative and trivializing tone of the CNN article , I found it very difficult to approach my contacts and my family 's contacts for potential investment .
These contacts include , but are not limited to , Peter Lusk Sr. , Tony Forstmann , Theodore Forstmann , Joel Leff , William F. Harnish , Lionel Pincus , Whale Securities and other accredited investors . "
In April of 1997 , as the legal , corporate , and human rights of Sean Dix continued to be trampled , Johnson &Johnson took out a full page dental floss ad in Prevention Magazine to appear opposite the magazine 's dental news feature called " Your Healthy Smile . "
The ad announced J&J 's new line of improved floss .
Incredibly , appearing in the J&J ad were two clear ring - like devices magnifying the J&J floss .
On the opposite page were unauthorized photos of a smiling model happily using a pair of Sean 's blue FlossRings to floss her teeth , but nowhere in the Prevention article were the FlossRings identified as Dix FlossRings .
There was no mention anywhere of Sean Dix .
This violation of his property rights has never been adequately explained , but when Prevention Magazine learned of the problem , it featured the Dix FlossRings in a later issue .
Meanwhile , Sean continued to send faxes , Fed - Ex packages , and make phone calls to CNN , pleading for them to listen to him but for reasons he did not understand , they all ignored him .
In 1998 , he was finally told to send another package and Ted Turner would examine it personally .
He did this , only to have CNN tell him they lost it .
He then went to the expense of Fed - Exing another package to Ted Turner containing the letter from the dentist , and was told on the phone by Blaine Sergew that they could not locate this package , either .
She then she asked him to hold as she transferred his call .
He assumed she was looking for someone to help locate the Fed Ex package .
It was at this point , in July of 1998 , that Sean states he was transferred for the first time to Thomas McCormick of CNN security .
McCormick said to Sean , " You do n't get it do you ?
We do n't care . "
The reality of the matter then suddenly became clear .
CNN had been ignoring and misleading Sean Dix because they had no intention of " correcting " their devastating clip of his products .
The clip had apparently accomplished exactly what it was intended to accomplish : the destruction of a competitor .
Sean then realized the only way to be heard was to somehow bring this into court .
Having no money now , he decided the only answer was to be arrested by CNN .
Sean then sent 6,000 faxes to CNN consisting primarily of the dentist 's letter about the unethical clip .
Several weeks later , in another phone call , Sean explained to McCormick he wanted CNN to arrest him so he could take the matter to court .
Sean was then threatened by McCormick .
McCormick threatened that Sean would wind up " lost " in the Atlanta prison system .
" People get lost in there sometimes and sometimes they just never come to trial , " he stated .
McCormick told Sean that he , McCormick , was not a part of the jail system , but " sometimes I feed it . "
McCormick would later testify in court that the CNN staff had been instructed not to engage in conversation with Sean , and to ignore him .
Sean pressed on , announcing on his website that he was going to hold a protest against CNN and J&J at the CNN building in New York on October 6 , 1999 .
Three days before the protest , a man identifying himself as " Peter Kislewski " paid a visit to Sean 's uncle 's bakery , and had a meeting with Sean and the uncle , in which he offered " worldly advice " for Sean to cancel the protest and leave Johnson &Johnson alone .
Sean , however , was determined to bring the matter to court , and he held his protest .
At the protest , Sean states he was physically assaulted , head - butted in the chest by a maintenance man , pushed backwards down a staircase , and then thrown through the revolving doors .
( " But I was n't hurt , " he said . )
He was arrested out in front of the building on CNN charges that he " broke the doors " he had been thrown through .
Most of Sean 's interactions with CNN and J&J have been recorded , and most of the above interaction was recorded on video .
The doors are clearly shown to be working , and not " broken . "
People in the video are shown passing through the revolving doors while Sean was being arrested .
The charges were later dismissed and the case sealed after CNN failed to show up for the court hearing three times .
A telephone conversation then took place with Peter Kislewski , and this time Kislewski warned that Sean should not try to seek justice from J&J , stating that Johnson &Johnson could easily have him " whacked " and make it look like a suicide .
Kislewski told him that CNN 's threat of making him " lost " in the prison system was quite real , and that it amounted to a death threat as well .
Kislewski warned Sean Dix to leave the Johnson &Johnson matter behind him and move on .
" They are a huge company and they can do anything and keep it quiet , " Kislewski said about Johnson &Johnson .
" Look at the Ethicon sutures .
Look at how many people died and they kept that quiet . "
Sean had not heard anything about " Ethicon sutures " before this moment .
That evening , searching online , he found the San Francisco Examiner articles ( dated 1999 ) , revealing that in May of 1994 while Sean was sitting in the Johnson &Johnson offices offering them his sterile floss , J&J's Ethicon company was distributing surgical Vicryl sutures after their sterilization machinery stopped functioning .
The massive , mysterious infections resulted in additional surgeries for some , loss of life for others , amputations , pain , and disfigurement .
Law suits were claiming contaminated sutures .
Doctors and surgeons were not notified and were mystified about the strange infections .
Some remain unaware , today .
The Examiner stated the hushed recall resulted in only a fraction of the sutures being removed from hospitals and doctors offices .
According to The Examiner , Johnson &Johnson 's Ethicon " sought to keep secret information about both the sterilization failure at the Texas factory and the infection outbreak that had been linked to the sutures in lawsuits and FDA records . "
In a statement given to me , Sean said he was so stunned to learn about this cover - up that it marked another important life - changing moment .
" I grew up using Johnson &Johnson products , " Sean stated , " and I thought they were a company to be completely trusted or I would have never offered my products to them .
I had offered my sterile floss idea to them , now I was seeing evidence suggesting that I was nothing more than another one of their victims .
I was naïve and I never saw the car coming .
On behalf of all of their victims , I was not going to keep silent about this .
I was not going to just let it ' go away ' as they were hoping . "
Kislewski would take things one step beyond his current warnings .
He revisited Sean 's uncle 's bakery and issued a strongly worded warning to the uncle , while grasping him by the wrist .
The warning so unnerved the uncle , he never told Sean about it until almost a year after Sean 's eventual trial .
Sean resumed sending faxes to CNN in February of 2000 , and CNN continued to ignore them .
On April 6 , 2000 , Sean sent a letter to David Jordan , Assistant Chief , Health Care Task Force , U.S. Department of Justice , Antitrust Division , stating that CNN and J&J had conspired to restrain trade .
Mr. Jordan responded that same afternoon , writing , " The purpose of the antitrust laws is to foster and maintain competition in the nation 's economy for the benefit of consumers . "
Mr. Jordan wrote that while Sean had reported something that was a theoretical possibility , " you provide nothing to explain CNN 's motivation for entering into such a conspiracy "
Sean wrote again on April 8th , only to be told again there was not sufficient evidence to open an investigation .
On April 10th , NYPD Detective Jeremiah Everett visited Sean to tell him that CNN might take legal action against him if he continued to send correspondence to them .
Sean invited the detective up into his apartment , showed him the CNN tape and explained what CNN had done to him , and said that he , Sean , wanted CNN to arrest him so he could have his day in court .
Sean explained he had been trying to be arrested since 1998 when he realized this was an antitrust case that the government had so far refused to act upon , and that Sean finally thought , " What do I have to do , threaten to kill someone ? "
On this day , April 10th , he announced to Det .
Everett that he was threatening to " kill Ted Turner " if only Ted were there in his apartment .
The detective apparently knew this was not a true threat , because he did not arrest Sean .
On April 12th , 2000 , Sean wrote another desperate letter to the U.S. Department of Justice , Antitrust Division , this time to Joel Klein .
This letter received no response from the government , at all .
On April 18 , 2000 , having exhausted all other ways of enticing CNN to have him arrested , and frustrated with the government 's failure to act , Sean decided to try the tactics already used by CNN and Johnson &Johnson .
He wrote a fax stating he would " attempt " to kill Ted Turner , and signed it , hoping this would get him finally into court .
He wrote " If you press charges I will have my day in court . . .
Let us let a federal court observe the conditions that have led us to this impass . "
Fearing they would ignore this fax as well , he sent copies to numerous local television stations , the Associated Press , WGBH , and he sent thirteen copies to eleven different fax numbers at CNN .
Of the 22 copies of this fax sent out , only WGBH bothered to contact CNN to ask if they had received a copy of the alleged " threat . "
Eric Brass of WGBH 's legal department phoned CNN 's legal department and asked if they wanted a copy .
Mr. Brass was asked to send it to fax number 404- 827-1995 , and he did so at 4:42 P.M. CNN could only produce four copies of the " threat " in court , and only one of those produced was actually sent by Dix , the others were duplicates .
CNN could only produce one because presumably everyone else was following longstanding instructions to " ignore " Sean Dix and his meaningless faxes .
It was acted on quickly , however , by someone in the office of David Kohler , the head of the CNN legal department .
Someone using his fax machine faxed a copy to Midtown South Detective Squad in New York at 2:50 P.M. , that afternoon .
Sean remained free , however , until finally arrested on April 19th .
Following his arrest , he spent the first 30 days being shuffled from various holding cells , including a prison barge , without any indictment against him at all .
Then , he spent nine months " lost " in the Atlanta prison system while he awaited his trial .
Sean 's alleged threat was referred to as " Grand Larceny , " and his indictment from the Grand Jury identified him as " Jason P. Lance . "
On October 20 , 2000 , Pilar Keagy Johnson , a CNN Senior Legal Counsel , and Sarah Smith Flynn , CNN Executive Assistant , gave statements to the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) , claiming that they remembered well the last fax Sarah Flynn received from Sean Dix .
The FBI - 302 report which was a part of discovery states that when Flynn returned from lunch on April 18 , 2000 at approximately 2:00 P.M. , she noticed a one - page fax on her fax machine in her office , a fax machine specifically identified by its fax number as 404-827-1995 .
This , the report states , was the fax sent by Sean Dix .
The FBI report states that as Flynn read the fax , she felt " very frightened " and felt " cold and ashen . "
She brought this fax to Ms. Pilar Johnson .
According to the FBI report , " Johnson and Flynn took the threatening fax from Sean Dix very seriously and acted quickly to notify security . "
Later in court , under oath , Flynn again stated that she had received this fax in her fax machine at approximately 2:00 P.M. and that she then started a security scramble , stating she was emotionally " very distracted " and " bothered tremendously " for the remainder of the day .
The only problem with the statements recorded by the FBI , is that Sean Dix never faxed anything to Sarah Flynn at 404-827-1995 on April 18 , 2000 .
According to his itemized telephone bill , available to prosecution and defense during the trial , there were no faxes made to 404- 827-1995 on April 18 , 2000 .
The itemized bill reveals that Dix did send 13 faxes to CNN , ( including to David Kohler 's fax , 404-827-0843 ) , but according to the documentation , no faxes were sent from Sean Dix to Sarah Flynn at 404-827-1995 on April 18 , 2000 .
Sean would eventually be incarcerated in federal prison for approximately two years for his mocked threat to Ted Turner , which a judge acknowledged on the record was done only in an to attempt to tell in a court what CNN had done to him .
The hoped - for court hearing never happened .
No one from CNN or Johnson & Johnson has ever been brought to justice for anything they threatened to do to Sean Dix , or anything they actually physically and monetarily carried out against Sean Dix .
At this time , Jeanne Moos is still at it , and continues to draw the ire of watchdog group , Media Matters .
Karl Frisch , the organization 's communications director , stated , " Funny or not , when Jeanne Moos does these types of fluff pieces , she is advancing these attacks , doing real damage .
This is CNN , not Comedy Central . "
In a 1999 article carried by CNN , Jean Kilbourne wrote , " Today , Time Warner , Sony , Viacom , Disney , Bertelsmann , and News Corporation together control most publishing , music , television , film , and theme - park entertainment throughout the developed world .
It is estimated that by the end of the millennium these companies will own 90 percent of the world 's information , from newspapers to computer software to film to television to popular music .
We may be able to change the channel , but we wo n't be able to change the message . "
In 1996 , Time Warner acquired Turner Broadcasting .
Several phone calls to Johnson &Johnson's " Reach " Division Consumer Product Helpline were made during the writing of this paper to check on their sterile floss status .
The " specialists " were asked if J&J floss was sterilized .
Their answers varied and were confusing .
We were told first , " There is no sterile floss today ; " and then by another , " All Floss is 100 % sterile , " followed by " Some of our floss may be sterile , " but this person did not know which ones .
A medical specialist later phoned Sean and shouted that questions about sterilized floss were " trivial ! "
Finally a supervisor stated that none of their flosses are sterilized .
Similar phone calls to other floss suppliers resulted in the same confusion .
Many , including personnel working for dental floss suppliers still assume that dental floss must be a sterile product .
No one answering the Helplines knew that the man making the phone calls remains today the only person in the United States with a simple patented method of providing us with a superior , sterile flossing technique : the man who was ruined by CNN .
" I think people are going to want to help you , Sean , " I said to him as we brought to a close one month of intense study of the court transcripts , the records , and his personal description of some of what has been done to him ( he refuses to discuss parts of his ordeal ) .
" What do you want me to ask for on your behalf ?
Do you want me to ask for donations to help with legal expenses ? "
" No , I do n't want any donations , " he said .
" What do you want , " I asked again .
" Justice , " he said .
" I want justice .
I want the government to do its job and see that justice is finally served .
I 'm not asking only for myself because this whole case is not only about me .
It 's about the American people and the American Dream .
We 've all been harmed by what 's happened in this situation .
We have to ask for justice so that this does not happen again to the next Sean Dix who tries to make people 's lives a little better only to be cut down by industry giants . "
It seems that justice and sterile dental floss are both long overdue .
If you agree , please send one email with a link to this article to the Department of Justice .
Ask them where the justice is for Sean Dix and the American Dream .
antitrust.atr@usdoj.gov
I also invite everyone so inclined to freely link to this article , and to list it on your blogs and websites and to email links to as many people as possible .
This situation was not just about a solitary man named Sean Patrick Dix .
It was and is about all of us .
* * * * * * * * * Mary Sparrowdancer is an independent journalist and the author of a bestselling book about the Messiah , called " The Love Song . " www.sparrowdancer.com
Stay tuned for Part II of Sean 's saga , detailing perjury , and Sean 's subsequent two years in federal prison .
Sean was released from prison in November of 2004 .
He remains a " convicted felon " based in part on perjury .
Sean can be reached here : dixppi@worldnet.att.net and by phone at his place of business : 212-254-7563 . * * * * * * * * *
References used throughout this paper include copies of documents provided by Sean Dix , personal correspondence , one telephone conversation , videos , DVDs , CDs , as well as references linked below .
Sean Dix 's FlossRings .
http://www.flossrings.com/
http://www.flossrings.com/ study.htm Prevention magazine http://www.flossrings.com/FAQ. htm
1999 - Johnson &Johnson Funds University http://www.guidestar.org/
pqShowGsReport.do?partner= grantexplorer&grantType=grant& npoId=554322&gotoNext= / reports / partners / grantexplorer/showGrants.jsp& grantSortBy=year&grantPageNum= 56 CNN and J&J ' partners '
http://sk.convio.net/site/
PageNavigator / Campaigns / Summer %20 Safety %202007 / campaignSummerSafetyAbout ' Best Liked Companies in the United States ' http://uk.reuters.com/article/
mediaNews / idUKN2237069220080623 2003 J&J Market Share of Floss Business http://www.oligopolywatch.com/
2003/09/29.html CNN
' Health ' briefs ' news ' of J&J new product .
http://www.cnn.com/HEALTH/
9607/24/health.briefs.pm/ index.html J&J
' We 're very pleased to be collaborating with TNT on the Johnson & Johnson Spotlight Presentation series . '
http://findarticles.com/p/ articles/mi_m0EIN/is_2002_
April_22/ai_84980284 1996 - J&J
Celebrates its 100th year floss anniversary .
http://www.prnewswire.com/cgi- bin/stories.pl?ACCT=104&STORY=
/www/story/38251&EDATE
= Johnson &Johnson 's Ethicon sutures .
http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/ article.cgi?f=/e/a/1999/02/22/
NEWS5798.dtl Johnson &Johnson 's Ethicon sutures .
http://www.yorklawcorp.com/wp- content/uploads/2008/06/3new- lawsuits-sfexaminer.pdf
FDA : Ethicon suture recall http://www.fda.gov/bbs/topics/
ENFORCE/ENF00376.html Ethicon Sutures Tragedy http://www.yorklawcorp.com/wp- content/uploads/2008/06/ outbreak-sfexaminer.pdf
Partners with TNT http://findarticles.com/p/ articles/mi_m0DIZ/is_2002_
April_29/ai_87380370/pg_1 Employees
http://www.allbusiness.com/
services/motion-pictures / 4852286-1.html Teddy Turner takes Johnson &Johnson CEO for boat rides
http://money.cnn.com/ magazines/fortune/fortune_ archive/1992/01/13/75950/ index.htm Johnson &Johnson wins Medal of Technology http://www.ssti.org/Digest/
1996/960614.htm
Sean after a ' rough ' day at CNN .
http://archive.salon.com/
people / feature/2000/08/31/ floss/cover.jpg
1996 - CNN Charter Sponsor - J&J http://www.encyclopedia.com/
doc/1G1-18926501.html Media Matters Boos Moos http://www.thenewstribune.com/ ae/story/384320.html Lanham Act , False Advertising .
http://law.marquette.edu/cgi- bin/site.pl?2130&pageID=2146 Jean Kilbourne1999 article .
http://www.cnn.com/books/ beginnings/9911/deadly .
persuasion / Sponsorship news .
http://www.wsws.org/articles/
2001/aug2001/cbs-a21.shtml
How advertisers influence the news : http://www.corporatewatch.org.
uk/?lid=250
Black : Terror would help McCain
Fortune describes this , accurately , as a moment of " startling candor " from McCain advisor Charlie Black :
The assassination of Benazir Bhutto in December was an " unfortunate event , " says Black .
" But his knowledge and ability to talk about it reemphasized that this is the guy who 's ready to be Commander - in - Chief .
And it helped us . "
As would , Black concedes with startling candor after we raise the issue , another terrorist attack on U.S. soil .
" Certainly it would be a big advantage to him , " says Black .
It 's a grim , reasonable question to raise , after the 2004 bombings in Madrid , which succeeded in unseating a conservative government ; and after Osama 's eleventh hour message message in the U.S. election in 2004 , whose aim is still debated , but which helped , and perhaps was aimed to help , Bush win his second term .
But you would n't expect McCain 's advisor to state it quite so flatly that an attack would help his candidate .
[ UPDATE , 7/19 5:30 p.m. : Al Gore carried his campaign for an energy transformation in the United States to the blogosphere on Saturday with an appearance at the Netroots Nation conference of “ progressive ” bloggers in Austin , Tex . ]
Former Vice President Al Gore gave a speech in Washington laying out his new approach to the entwined challenges of limiting risks from global warming and instability from rising energy prices and declining supplies of fossil fuels .
He calls for the United States to produce all electricity from “ carbon - free sources ” by 2018 .
This represents quite a shift from his tight focus on the “ climate crisis ” as the great challenge of our time .
The prepared text is below .
Some Democrats in Congress were n’t thrilled with the timing , according to TheHill.com , given the focus now on pain at the pump . [ 25 ]
In a Times article on the speech by John Broder , Mr. Gore implied that his timetable and targets for de-carbonizing the country ’s electricity sources were intentionally super - sized : “ I see my role as enlarging the political space in which Senator Obama or Senator McCain can confront this issue as president next year , ” Mr. Gore said .
Both presidential candidates responded to the speech , according to the story :
Mr. Obama ( written statement ) : “ For decades , Al Gore has challenged the skeptics in Washington on climate change and awakened the conscience of a nation to the urgency of this threat .
I strongly agree with Vice President Gore that we cannot drill our way to energy independence , but must fast - track investments in renewable sources of energy like solar power , wind power and advanced biofuels , and those are the investments I will make as president . ”
Mr. McCain ( a spokesman ) : “ John McCain has been a leader in the fight against global climate change , working with Democrats on this issue since 2003 , but no one has more successfully recruited Americans into this effort than Al Gore .
This is a key issue , and John McCain has put solutions over partisanship to pursue meaningful , market - driven cap and trade legislation aimed at drastically reducing harmful carbon emissions . ”
Let ’s dive in and explore Mr. Gore ’s latest proposals on energy and climate through the document annotation method developed her over the last few months in examining climate speeches and statements by President Bush , Senator John McCain , and the Group of 8 industrialized nations .
( Click here for the unadorned text and video of Mr. Gore ’s energy speech . )
A Generational Challenge to Repower America
( prepared text distributed by Mr. Gore ’s office )
D.A.R. Constitution Hall , Washington , D.C .
Ladies and gentlemen :
There are times in the history of our nation when our very way of life depends upon dispelling illusions and awakening to the challenge of a present danger .
In such moments , we are called upon to move quickly and boldly to shake off complacency , throw aside old habits and rise , clear - eyed and alert , to the necessity of big changes .
Those who , for whatever reason , refuse to do their part must either be persuaded to join the effort or asked to step aside .
This is such a moment . [ 6 ]
The Gore speech ( continued ) :
The survival of the United States of America as we know it is at risk .
And even more – if more should be required – the future of human civilization is at stake . [ 9 ]
I do n’t remember a time in our country when so many things seemed to be going so wrong simultaneously .
Our economy is in terrible shape and getting worse , gasoline prices are increasing dramatically , and so are electricity rates .
Jobs are being outsourced .
Home mortgages are in trouble .
Banks , automobile companies and other institutions we depend upon are under growing pressure .
Distinguished senior business leaders are telling us that this is just the beginning unless we find the courage to make some major changes quickly .
The climate crisis , in particular , is getting a lot worse – much more quickly than predicted .
Scientists with access to data from Navy submarines traversing underneath the North polar ice cap have warned that there is now a 75 percent chance that within five years the entire ice cap will completely disappear during the summer months .
This will further increase the melting pressure on Greenland .
According to experts , the Jakobshavn glacier , one of Greenland ’s largest , is moving at a faster rate than ever before , losing 20 million tons of ice every day , equivalent to the amount of water used every year by the residents of New York City .
[ Andy Revkin – On Arctic ice trends , I have a post coming shortly on the latest update from the world ’s leading teams of sea ice experts , showing this year ’s retreat is unlikely to match last year ’s , while the long - term trend is still heading toward ever less summer ice .
I ’ll try to find out where the sub data came from .
Only one group I know of has posited an ice - free Arctic Ocean in summers by 2013 .
On Greenland , the picture is far more complex than the way it is portrayed here .
Other glaciers have slowed and , overall — as I ’ve written here recently — new studies show no fresh signs of imminent destabilization of the ice . ]
Two major studies from military intelligence experts have warned our leaders about the dangerous national security implications of the climate crisis , including the possibility of hundreds of millions of climate refugees destabilizing nations around the world .
Just two days ago , 27 senior statesmen and retired military leaders warned of the national security threat from an “ energy tsunami ” that would be triggered by a loss of our access to foreign oil .
Meanwhile , the war in Iraq continues , and now the war in Afghanistan appears to be getting worse .
[ Andy Revkin –
The challenge for Mr. Gore and others trying to boost energy security and limit climate risks at the same time is that the energy gap is here and now , while the worst impacts of climate destabilization still are mainly someday and somewhere ..]
And by the way , our weather sure is getting strange , is n’t it ?
There seem to be more tornadoes than in living memory , longer droughts , bigger downpours and record floods .
Unprecedented fires are burning in California and elsewhere in the American West .
Higher temperatures lead to drier vegetation that makes kindling for mega - fires of the kind that have been raging in Canada , Greece , Russia , China , South America , Australia and Africa .
Scientists in the Department of Geophysics and Planetary Science at Tel Aviv University tell us that for every one degree increase in temperature , lightning strikes will go up another 10 percent .
And it is lightning , after all , that is principally responsible for igniting the conflagration in California today .
[ Andy Revkin – Some of the impacts Mr. Gore describes , including rising risks of forest fires , are detailed in a new climate report from the Bush administration .
But why mention tornadoes ?
There ’s been no evidence of an increase in dangerous tornadoes since careful records have been kept ( great graphic at this link ) .
It ’s really no different stressing “ strange ” weather in a push for limiting greenhouse gases than doing so to fight the same policy shift .
Remember all the yelling about global cooling because of cool global temperatures recently ? ]
Like a lot of people , it seems to me that all these problems are bigger than any of the solutions that have thus far been proposed for them , and that ’s been worrying me .
I ’m convinced that one reason we ’ve seemed paralyzed in the face of these crises is our tendency to offer old solutions to each crisis separately – without taking the others into account .
And these outdated proposals have not only been ineffective – they almost always make the other crises even worse .
Yet when we look at all three of these seemingly intractable challenges at the same time , we can see the common thread running through them , deeply ironic in its simplicity : our dangerous over - reliance on carbon - based fuels is at the core of all three of these challenges – the economic , environmental and national security crises .
We ’re borrowing money from China to buy oil from the Persian Gulf to burn it in ways
that destroy the planet .
Every bit of that ’s got to change .
But if we grab hold of that common thread and pull it hard , all of these complex problems begin to unravel and we will find that we ’re holding the answer to all of them right in our hand .
[ Andy Revkin – Mr. Gore appears to have shifted from his original stance that climate change alone was the “ planetary emergency ” of our time to the multi- pronged view that including it in a basket of reasons to undertake a nonpolluting “ energy quest ” makes more sense .
This is a position articulated years ago by quite a few scientists , particularly Richard Smalley , the Nobel laureate in chemistry who became an evangelist for an energy revolution before his death from leukemia . ]
The answer is to end our reliance on carbon - based fuels .
In my search for genuinely effective answers to the climate crisis , I have held a series of “ solutions summits ” with engineers , scientists , and CEOs .
In those discussions , one thing has become abundantly clear : when you connect the dots , it turns out that the real solutions to the climate crisis are the very same measures needed to renew our economy and escape the trap of ever - rising energy prices .
Moreover , they are also the very same solutions we need to guarantee our national security without having to go to war in the Persian Gulf .
What if we could use fuels that are not expensive , do n’t cause pollution and are abundantly available right here at home ?
We have such fuels .
Scientists have confirmed that enough solar energy falls on the surface of the earth every 40 minutes to meet 100 percent of the entire world ’s energy needs for a full year .
Tapping just a small portion of this solar energy could provide all of the electricity America uses .
And enough wind power blows through the Midwest corridor every day to also meet 100 percent of US electricity demand .
Geothermal energy , similarly , is capable of providing enormous supplies of electricity for America .
The quickest , cheapest and best way to start using all this renewable energy is in the production of electricity .
In fact , we can start right now using solar power , wind power and geothermal power to make electricity for our homes and businesses .
But to make this exciting potential a reality , and truly solve our nation ’s problems , we need a new start . [ 10 ]
That ’s why I ’m proposing today a strategic initiative designed to free us from the crises that are holding us down and to regain control of our own destiny .
It ’s not the only thing we need to do .
But this strategic challenge is the linchpin of a bold new strategy needed to re-power America . [ 12 ]
Today I challenge our nation to commit to producing 100 percent of our electricity from renewable energy and truly clean carbon - free sources within 10 years .
This goal is achievable , affordable and transformative .
It represents a challenge to all Americans – in every walk of life : to our political leaders , entrepreneurs , innovators , engineers , and to every citizen . [ 1 ]
[ Andy Revkin –
There ’s no reason not to think big , although it might be harder for Mr. Gore to make this kind of statement if already in office , or seeking one , because it would be hard to find experts immersed in the challenges of generating , storing and distributing electricity at large scale who could chart an achievable or affordable 10 - year path to doing this .
Joe Romm at ClimateProgress.org said a more realistic ambitious goal would be 50 - percent renewable electricity sources by 2020 .
And of course “ affordable ” is a word dependent entirely on public attitudes , so if the public can be energized sufficiently by leadership or circumstances , theoretically anything is possible .
That remains a big “ if . ”
Here ’s some recent coverage of the limits and promise of wind power and solar power and ways of storing electricity for sunless , windless stretches . ]
A few years ago , it would not have been possible to issue such a challenge .
But here ’s what ’s changed : the sharp cost reductions now beginning to take place in solar , wind , and geothermal power – coupled with the recent dramatic price increases for oil and coal – have radically changed the economics of energy .
[ Andy Revkin –
The price differential between renewable energy sources and coal burning is shifting , but a 10 - year transformation is hard to foresee given the incredibly small base from which solar is growing ( see the solar link in the previous annotation ) and the long timeline for boosting geothermal generation , among other issues .
An Energy Department review of geothermal sources last year said we might be able to generate as much electricity by 2050 that way as is now produced with nuclear plants .
But currently nuclear generation is less than 20 percent of the national electricity pie .
Sure , that might be accelerated , but 10 years ? ]
When I first went to Congress 32 years ago , I listened to experts testify that if oil ever got to $ 35 a barrel , then renewable sources of energy would become competitive .
Well , today , the price of oil is over $ 135 per barrel .
And sure enough , billions of dollars of new investment are flowing into the development of concentrated solar thermal , photovoltaics , windmills , geothermal plants , and a variety of ingenious new ways to improve our efficiency and conserve presently wasted energy .
And as the demand for renewable energy grows , the costs will continue to fall .
Let me give you one revealing example : the price of the specialized silicon used to make solar cells was recently as high as $ 300 per kilogram .
But the newest contracts have prices as low as $ 50 a kilogram .
You know , the same thing happened with computer chips – also made out of silicon .
The price paid for the same performance came down by 50 percent every 18 months – year after year , and that ’s what ’s happened for 40 years in a row .
To those who argue that we do not yet have the technology to accomplish these results
with renewable energy : I ask them to come with me to meet the entrepreneurs who will drive this revolution .
I ’ve seen what they are doing and I have no doubt that we can meet this challenge .
To those who say the costs are still too high : I ask them to consider whether the costs of oil and coal will ever stop increasing if we keep relying on quickly depleting energy sources to feed a rapidly growing demand all around the world .
When demand for oil and coal increases , their price goes up .
When demand for solar cells increases , the price often comes down .
When we send money to foreign countries to buy nearly 70 percent of the oil we use every day , they build new skyscrapers and we lose jobs . [ 29 ]
[ 34 ]
When we spend that money building solar arrays and windmills , we build competitive industries and gain jobs here at home . [ 8 ] [ 17 ]
Of course there are those who will tell us this ca n’t be done .
Some of the voices we hear are the defenders of the status quo – the ones with a vested interest in perpetuating the current system , no matter how high a price the rest of us will have to pay .
But even those who reap the profits of the carbon age have to recognize the inevitability of its demise .
As one OPEC oil minister observed , “ The Stone Age did n’t end because of a shortage of stones . ”
To those who say 10 years is not enough time , I respectfully ask them to consider what the world ’s scientists are telling us about the risks we face if we do n’t act in 10 years .
The leading experts predict that we have less than 10 years to make dramatic changes in our global warming pollution lest we lose our ability to ever recover from this environmental crisis .
When the use of oil and coal goes up , pollution goes up .
When the use of solar , wind and geothermal increases , pollution comes down .
To those who say the challenge is not politically viable : I suggest they go before the American people and try to defend the status quo .
Then bear witness to the people ’s appetite for change .
I for one do not believe our country can withstand 10 more years of the status quo .
Our families cannot stand 10 more years of gas price increases .
Our workers cannot stand 10 more years of job losses and outsourcing of factories .
Our economy cannot stand 10 more years of sending $ 2 billion every 24 hours to foreign countries for oil .
And our soldiers
and their families cannot take another 10 years of repeated troop deployments to dangerous regions that just happen to have large oil supplies .
What could we do instead for the next 10 years ?
What should we do during the next 10 years ?
Some of our greatest accomplishments as a nation have resulted from commitments to reach a goal that fell well beyond the next election : the Marshall Plan , Social Security , the interstate highway system .
But a political promise to do something 40 years from now is universally ignored because everyone knows that it ’s meaningless .
Ten years is about the maximum time that we as a nation can hold a steady aim and hit our target .
When President John F. Kennedy challenged our nation to land a man on the moon and bring him back safely in 10 years , many people doubted we could accomplish that goal .
But 8 years and 2 months later , Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin walked on the surface of the moon .
[ Andy Revkin – Many scientists and engineers have looked to the Apollo program as a metaphor , but stressed that the energy transformation is a far greater challenge .
Here ’s what one solar expert told me when I interviewed him for a climate story in AARP Magazine : “ We already have electricity coming out of everybody ’s wall socket , ” says Nathan S. Lewis , 51 , a chemistry professor who codirects the Powering the Planet project at Caltech .
“ This is not a new function we ’re seeking .
It ’s a substitution .
It ’s not like NASA sending a man to the moon .
It ’s like finding a new way to send a man to the moon when Southwest Airlines is already flying there every hour handing out peanuts . ” ]
To be sure , reaching the goal of 100 percent renewable and truly clean electricity within 10 years will require us to overcome many obstacles .
At present , for example , we do not have a unified national grid that is sufficiently advanced to link the areas where the sun shines and the wind blows to the cities in the East and the West that need the electricity .
Our national electric grid is critical infrastructure , as vital to the health and security of our economy as our highways and telecommunication networks .
Today , our grids are antiquated , fragile , and vulnerable to cascading failure .
Power outages and defects in the current grid system cost US businesses more than $ 120 billion dollars a year .
It has to be upgraded anyway .
We could further increase the value and efficiency of a Unified National Grid by helping our struggling auto giants switch to the manufacture of plug - in electric cars .
An electric vehicle fleet would sharply reduce the cost of driving a car , reduce pollution , and increase the flexibility of our electricity grid .
At the same time , of course , we need to greatly improve our commitment to efficiency and conservation .
That ’s the best investment we can make .
America ’s transition to renewable energy sources must also include adequate provisions to assist those Americans who would unfairly face hardship .
For example , we must recognize those who have toiled in dangerous conditions to bring us our present energy supply .
We should guarantee good jobs in the fresh air and sunshine for any coal miner displaced by impacts on the coal industry .
Every single one of them .
Of course , we could and should speed up this transition by insisting that the price of carbon - based energy include the costs of the environmental damage it causes .
I have long supported a sharp reduction in payroll taxes with the difference made up in CO2 taxes .
We should tax what we burn , not what we earn .
This is the single most important policy change we can make .
[ Andy Revkin – Mr. Gore is sticking with his preference for taxing sources of emissions and limiting costs for citizens that bears no resemblance to “ cap and trade ” bills like those that have faltered in Congress of late and shares some of the architecture , if not details , of the “ cap and dividend ” approach of Peter Barnes and a similar proposal from James Hansen , the NASA climate scientist who has moved far into the policy realm lately . ]
There was an article on Digg a while ago about how we should get more women and minorities interested in tech and CS .
The main consensus in the comments was that women should be responsible for getting themselves interested .
I have to say they have a point .
All these articles keep saying how women are pushed out of tech careers because people discourage them .
Have any of you ever been discouraged from pursuing a career in tech ?
The only thing that may have deterred me was the all male dominated classes in HS .
Sitting in a room with all boys at the height of their immaturity : NOT FUN .
If any of you remember , I was forced to take junior engineering before I could take the programming course my school offered .
I got to sit at a table with all freshmen boys and listen to them discuss the red head ’s fire crotch all period .
Not to mention their incredible level of stupidity that managed to take me by surprise daily .
Not just them , but our teacher too .
Dude , if you do n’t know how to use a ruler , you should n’t be teaching a technology course .
On the bright side , they all thought I was a genius .
The programming class was better , but I was still a little lonely without any girls to chat with .
College was infinitely better , but the classes were also a hundred times harder .
What do I think keeps most women away from CS .
They think it ’s too hard .
I would tell pharmacy students , bio students , and chem students that I was a CS major and they would say , “ omg , that ’s so hard ! ”
I ’d be like , are you freaking kidding me ???
CS is hard , but it ’s not that hard .
They purposely make the second class for the major impossible to weed out the non-serious students , but after that , it ’s easier .
They never even get to the second class though .
The first one ’s hard enough for them .
Why ?
I guess you have to learn to think in a certain way and if you never did programming before , it can be difficult .
Most girls are n’t exposed to programming pre-college , so that could make it more challenging .
They do n’t go to computer camp and take CS classes in HS .
Not just because they were filled with male geeks , they probably were n’t even interested in CS and never even bothered to think of taking a CS course .
Why the lack of interest ?
Girls are very social , especially in HS .
Programmers are n’t known to be social people .
Girls want to work in groups and discuss things .
When you think of CS the first thing that comes to mind is a guy alone in a cubicle coding away .
Most of the girls I know in CS are either a little socially awkward or get along with guys better than they do with girls making them suitable for picking up CS earlier on .
That or they ’re really good at math and wanted to make money or they ’re genuinely fascinated by CS .
This particular article said that if we could get girls to think of programming as more of an art than say math , they may be more interested .
I say , have kids take mandatory HS programming courses .
They can split the class up into groups and each group designs and builds whatever sort of program they want , something fun .
Sure the real world is n’t like that , unless you work at google anyway , but it may be enough to get girls interested .
Once something ’s fun and interesting , it becomes easier to learn and the hard is n’t so hard anymore .
They ’ll think , hey , I can do this fun thing for a living and make money , maybe I ’ll try that !
There ’s no need for special programs just for girls and minorities because they ’re not at a disadvantage .
They have the same opportunities to study CS as the white nerds do , they just do n’t take them !
They do n’t take them because they do n’t want to !
Our only obligation is to help them see that it can be fun and interesting , as opposed to hard and boring , so it becomes something they would consider studying .
–edit– I should do more of these posts , I had no idea people would actually read this !
To respond to some of the comments :
There is definitely a lot more group work in the real world .
I hated in most of my CS classes , we could n’t ask anyone else for help with an assignment because that would be cheating .
Ridiculous !
We helped eachother anyway , but it only works if you have friends in your class .
If you do n’t know anyone , you ’re at a disadvantage .
This is another reason why there should be more group work in school .
A lot of engineering and computer related jobs are out sourced in the US and it can be hard to find a job in the industry
That ’s another problem .
A lot of people think it ’s hard to find a job , but it ’s really not !
Not enough people are going into CS .
A lot of companies are getting desperate especially for girls / minorities .
I had absolutely no job experience and I got a job like that * snaps fingers * .
Well , maybe it was a little more difficult , but I had two offers before I graduated and my friends had jobs lined up well before that .
Even the guys .
–/edit–
Like this : Like Loading ...
By the end of the century , average temperatures rise in both scenarios : 4.5 degrees F ( low emissions , left ) versus 8 degrees F ( high emissions , right ) .
The United States will be a much hotter place at the end of the 21st century , according to a new climate change visualization released by NASA this week .
The video illustrates a small component of the upcoming National Climate Assessment , set to come out in 2014 , which provides Congress with the most up - to - date information on the state of climate change in the country from more than 240 contributing climate scientists .
The last report was published in 2009 .
Researchers at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center teamed with scientists at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's National Climatic Data Center ( NCDC ) in Asheville , N.C. , to create a new video , which compares two different climate change scenarios :
One in which atmospheric carbon dioxide levels increase from today 's level of 400 parts per million to 550 ppm , and a second in which carbon dioxide levels double to 800 ppm .
( Parts per million means that , for example , for every million molecules of air , 400 of them are carbon dioxide . )
These carbon dioxide concentrations are based on high - and low - emissions scenarios proposed by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , and are based on a variety of factors , including potential world population growth , economic development and global commitment to sustainability .
The first scenario would require some kind of mitigation and curtailment of greenhouse gas emissions , while the second would occur if emissions continued to increase .
Both scenarios would result in significant temperature changes across the United States , according to NASA .
The conservative scenario of 550 ppm could increase average U.S. temperatures by up to 4.5 degrees Fahrenheit ( about 2 degrees Celsius ) and the more extreme scenario of 800 ppm could heat the country up by 8 F ( about 4 C ) .
[ Video : Dramatic Future U.S. Warming ]
Which scenario ?
These results are based on data compiled from 15 different climate models , and use the average temperature from 1970 through 1999 as a baseline for comparison .
While the real outcome in 2100 remains unknown and will depend on a number of factors , including the amount of fossil fuels burned in coming decades , the latest research suggests that the more extreme scenario of 800 ppm is more likely .
" It seems from the most up - to - date literature that the higher emissions scenario is what we are going towards , " said Laura Stevens , an NCDC scientist based at the Cooperative Institute for Climate and Satellites who was involved in creating the video .
The 550 ppm scenario would require significant efforts to curb greenhouse gas emissions , Stevens said , and the country has not yet taken the actions necessary to follow this lower - emissions path .
By focusing the video on the United States , Stevens noted that these results may provide motivation for Americans to start thinking about adaptive strategies to prepare for change .
" These visualizations communicate a picture of the impacts of climate change in a way that words do not , " Allison Leidner , a NASA scientist who coordinates NASA 's involvement in the National Climate Assessment , said in a statement .
" When I look at the scenarios for future temperature and precipitation , I really see how dramatically our nation 's climate could change . "
Depends on us
The average American emits about 20 metric tons of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere per year , according to climate scientist Michael Mann at Penn State University , who was not involved in the assessment .
" If you condensed all of that gas into solid form and placed it on a scale it would weigh the same as two large male African elephants , " Mann told LiveScience .
" That 's the huge mass of carbon that each of us is , on average , putting into the atmosphere . "
For comparison , Mann noted that the average emissions across the entire world are closer to 4 metric tons , which amount to the size of one baby elephant .
" If each of us could reduce our annual emissions to a small baby elephant , we'd go a long way towards making the cuts we need to stabilize carbon dioxide below dangerous levels , " Mann said .
Mann remains optimistic that humans will rise to the occasion and take the steps necessary to reduce emissions , but said that the opportunity to do so is slipping away and that the time to act is now .
The final National Climate Report will provide three chapters that address ways in which humans can adapt to these significant changes , as well as the actions that people can take to slow the rate of change .
A draft of the report is currently available to the public online .
Follow Laura Poppick on Twitter .
Follow LiveScience on Twitter , Facebook and Google +.
Original article on Live Science .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee voted on Thursday to hold two top aides to President George W. Bush in contempt of Congress for refusing to cooperate in its probe of fired federal prosecutors .
On a largely party - line vote of 11 - 7 , the Democratic - led panel sent contempt citations against White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolten and former Deputy Chief of Staff Karl Rove to the full Senate for consideration .
As with many of Bush ’s battles with the Democratic - led Senate , the president may ultimately prevail since his fellow Republicans may be able to block the citations with a procedural hurdle .
Bush has claimed executive privilege to protect aides from complying with congressional subpoenas demanding documents or testimony in an investigation into the firing last year of nine U.S. attorneys .
The committee has rejected his privilege claim as unfounded .
Sabiene Heindl , general manager of the music industry 's anti-piracy arm , Music Industry Piracy Investigations ( MIPI ) , which partly coordinated the film and is pushing for it to be included in school units related to copyright and file sharing , said all of the feedback she had received so far from other artists and their managers had been positive .
She questioned whether McDougall had actually watched the film and said only 1 - 2 minutes of it discussed the issue of downloading and how it impacted musicians .
The film , which can be viewed at http://www.in-tune.com.au, features interviews with some of Australia 's biggest musical acts including The Veronicas , Jimmy Barnes , Operator Please , Evermore , Silverchair and Powderfinger .
They either could not be reached by the Herald yesterday or were overseas .
Heindl rejected suggestions McDougall had been misled , saying all correspondance and signed releases indicated the video was made with the support of MIPI and would be distributed to schools .
Heindl rejected suggestions McDougall had been misled , saying all correspondance and signed releases indicated the video was made with the support of MIPI and would be distributed to schools .
McDougall said : " I have never come out against internet piracy and illegal downloading and I would n't do that - I would never put my name to something that is against downloading and is against piracy and stuff , it 's something that I believe is a personal thing from artist to artist . "
" I would never be part of this big record industry funded campaign to crush illegal downloads , I 'm not like [ Metallica drummer ] Lars Ulrich .
I think it 's bullshit , I think it 's record companies crying poor and I do n't agree with it . "
Metallica were one of the first bands to sue people for copyright infringement and attracted scorn from internet users for helping shut down the peer - to - peer downloading tool Napster .
Record labels are seen as the big losers from music piracy .
While artists benefit from having their music distributed to as many people as possible and are able to reap significant returns from merchandise and concert ticket sales , record label revenue is dropping rapidly as people buy fewer CDs .
" I do n't think i'm going to sue anyone but I would say that already this morning people 's opinion of me has been lowered , " McDougall said .
" I 'm from a punk rock band , it 's all about getting your music out any way you can - you do n't make money from the record , the record companies make the money from the record .
If they can't make money these days because they have n't come onside with the way the world is going , it 's their own problem . "
Other artists were less scathing in their appraisal of the video .
Wayne Pilkington , manager of Anthony Callea , said : " This video is a unique view on the changing nature of our industry .
It 's tremendous to see artists given the opportunity to provide a balanced first hand account of the music business as they see it . "
US Politics Sane Bush Hatred By Joel S. Hirschhorn
Published November 15 , 2007
The Wall Street Journal gave the top half of its opinion page yesterday to a long essay by Peter Berkowitz titled , The Insanity of Bush Hatred .
If anything , it deserves a gold medal for political propaganda .
What caught my attention immediately was the frequent use of the word " progressive " to describe the people Berkowitz was attacking .
It was used ten times .
In other words , progressives were attacked for hating Bush .
There is a major lie of omission .
No mention was made of the vast number of Americans who certainly do not call themselves progressives but hate Bush .
Surely there are many millions of sane independents , moderates , libertarians , conservatives and liberals who rightfully hate Bush .
To ignore all these Americans betrays the intellectual legitimacy of the article and its arguments .
Here are the few core reasons given by Berkowitz for condemning Bush hatred :
It is not a rational force in politics .
It clouds and impairs political judgment .
It subverts sound thinking .
It has addled minds .
It damages the intellect .
It reduces " complicated events and multilayered issues to simple matters of good and evil . "
It " blinds to the other sides of the argument , and constrains the hater to see a monster instead of a political opponent . "
There is no detailed analysis of all the ways that the Bush administration has betrayed our Constitution .
No mention , for example , of Bush signing statements that self - justify not obeying the laws passed by Congress .
No mention that the Bush claim of not using torture is so obviously a lie .
No mention of using illegal surveillance of Americans and lying about it .
No mention of countless lies used to get us into the absurd and costly Iraq war .
No mention of the enormous amount of evidence showing that 9/11 was not solely an operation by foreign terrorists , but involved the federal government .
And on and on .
The only rational and sane conclusion is that hating Bush is justified and completely sane .
There is some truth to the opening statement :
Hating the president is almost as old as the republic itself .
But the growing consensus that George W. Bush will go down in history as the nation 's worst president is a much larger truth .
It is perfectly reasonable for all Americans to hate Bush for squandering the lives of the many people in our armed forces , for squandering the nation 's wealth , and for squandering our nation 's good name and reputation .
Bush is a national embarrassment and disgrace , and for that he deserves to be hated .
All those with a clear and sound intellect , rational objectivity , sensible judgment , and the ability to know evil when they see it should hate Bush .
Hating Bush is nothing to be ashamed of .
The real challenge is moving beyond Bush hatred to seeing the need for deep political reforms that restores American democracy .
We must convert the national Bush - hatred - energy into rebellious action .
We must re-establish our constitutional checks and balances and removing the unlawful and excessive powers of the presidency .
How do we achieve reforms ?
That is the right question .
As to insanity : I say Americans must stop doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results .
That same thing is voting for Democrats or Republicans .
Americans must remember that virtually all the evil and corrupt things Bush has done could not have been accomplished without the tacit or explicit support of Democrats in Congress .
The two - party partnership also deserves our hatred .
It has removed political competition and the ability of third party candidates from winning national office .
To let Bush hatred result in knee - jerk support for Democrats is a mistake .
The only way to restore American democracy is to remove the legitimacy and credibility of the two - party - controlled political system .
The way to do that is through a voter boycott in the 2008 US elections for the president and members of Congress .
Neither Democrats nor Republicans faithfully represent the interests of the public , and that makes our representative democracy a sham .
To keep playing the game and voting for any candidates who are members of the two - party criminal conspiracy is plain stupid .
If Americans keep sustaining this corrupt and dishonest two - party system , then they will continue to witness the decay of their society .
Joel S. Hirschhorn , Ph.D. , is the author of Sprawl Kills - How Blandburbs Steal Your Time , Health , and Money .
He can be reached through his website : www.sprawlkills.com.
Check out Joel 's new book at www.delusionaldemocracy.com.
15 Comments Read Comments
Post a Comment
You must be logged in to comment .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Heavy bets in deep out - of - the - money calls and other bullish plays in the gold options market indicate bullion has a shot at rallying to an all - time peak of $ 1,200 an ounce by the end of the year .
Gold bars are displayed in this file photo at Mitsubishi Materials Corporation in Tokyo March 17 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Issei Kato
Gold has soared furiously -- a few years ago the metal was trading at $ 250 an ounce -- as investors poured into the market due to inflation fears , a weakened dollar and market turmoil .
“ There are a lot of people who think that by the end of the year we ’ll be trading $ 1,200 to $ 1,500 .
They are not very expensive options , so people are buying them , ” said John Bilello , COMEX gold options floor trader .
Bilello said that many option investors were currently adjusting positions after gold ’s sharp fall but he saw recent strong volume of December $ 1,000 calls , bull call spreads between $ 1,200 and $ 1,300 , and the selling of put options -- all of which are betting that gold will rise further .
A bull call spread involves buying a lower strike price call and selling a higher strike price call , and profits are maximized when prices rise above the higher strike price .
Option traders saw strong interest in the $ 1,200 December calls and other higher strike prices because they offered an affordable way for individuals to invest in gold ’s upside potential .
In addition , these out - of - the - money call options are priced sharply below those of the near - the - money ones -- a sign that the price volatility of gold will likely stay high in the near term .
An option is “ out of the money ” when the exercise price of a call -- which gives the buyer the right but not the obligation to buy gold futures -- exceeds the current price of the underlying gold contract .
“ Option strategies and option positions do reflect the bullish outlook for the gold market .
The general view is that gold does have an upside bias despite the setback in the last couple of days , ” said Bill O’Neill , managing partner of New Jersey - based commodity firm LOGIC Advisors .
Gold has lost $ 40 so far this week due to tumbling oil and a stronger dollar , after moving within striking distance of the $ 1,000 mark last week .
On Friday , both the U.S. gold futures for August delivery and spot gold traded at $ 925 an ounce .
Gold scaled a record - high $ 1,030.80 on March 17 .
COMEX December $ 1,200 calls currently have 30,000 lots of open interest , by far the most popular among all the different strike prices .
The second - highest was the $ 1,000 calls with 15,144 lots , followed by the $ 1,050 calls with 12,637 lots .
George Gero , vice president of RBC Capital Markets Global Futures in New York , said that the gold options market was a bullish signal because investors wanted to be long further out in strike prices .
RISING VOLATILITY
Investing in call spreads substantially reduces costs but also lowers the upside , and the strategy was very popular for gold options investors , said Rob Kurzatkowski , futures analyst with optionsXpress in Chicago .
Kurzatkowski said many small speculative traders who cannot afford the more expensive near - the - money calls or the 100 - ounce gold futures could turn to the deep out - of - the - money calls for gold investment .
“ They are hoping to catch a bit of a move on their investment .
So the higher open interest in strike prices out there ... is an affordable way for them to participate in the market , ” Kurzatkowski said .
On Friday , a single lot of December $ 1,200 call option costs $ 7.30 , compared with $ 56.10 of the on - the - money December $ 925 call .
The difference is due to gold ’s high implied volatility , which measures the expected magnitude of gold futures price movement given an option price .
Kurzatkowski said that gold ’s current implied volatility was about 36 , sharply above the long - term average in the low 20s because of the recent large price swings in the gold market .
However , COMEX option floor trader Jonathan Jossen cautioned that the heavy bets in out - of - the - money calls could just be part of a complex strategy by investors to hedge their downside risk by using covered call writing , which combines a short call and a long future .
“ The option market is so black - boxed that you do n’t even know why they are doing things , ” Jossen said .
Dear Lebanese / Palestinian / Canadian / American / Muslim / Christian / Australian / or Anyone else who stands in our way ,
DIE .
love ,
Israeli Kids
Above : Israeli girls write messages on a shell at a heavy artillery position near Kiryat Shmona , in northern Israel , next to the Lebanese border , Monday , July 17 , 2006 .
( AP Photo / Sebastian Scheiner )
Never have I witnessed such an appalling display of utter contempt for human life .
And they 're not even ashamed to beam it across the globe , for all the world to see .
THIS is who our tax dollars support - an arrogant , war - like people who indoctrinate their children in the art of murderous and cavalier warfare .
Not in so many words , but even a love ballad would kill the recipient - using flowery words makes it all the more twisted .
Thanks , girls .
Lebanese children got your message - loud and clear .
Spread it far and wide .
Americans must learn the truth about ISRAEL - the Ultimate Glorified Killing Machine .
http://shareverything.com___________________Thanks, Sabbah
Page 1 of 2 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] >>
( Deleted comment )
From : foxhack
2008-01-06 05:40 am ( UTC )
I think this is PR 's scathing commentary on rising gas prices .
Edited at 2008-01-06 05:41 am ( UTC )
From : penguinsane
2008-01-06 05:35 am ( UTC )
Oh my god , I fucking know .
From : jedi_iwakura
2008-01-06 05:37 am ( UTC )
I spent the last few dollars I had to my name because it suddenly snowed when I 'd planned on walking to and from work for the next week until I get paid again .
From : trafficsigns
2008-01-06 05:44 am ( UTC )
Oilcat is cute in a " I 'm going to fuck you up " kind of way .
I think it might be the " : 3 " face .
From : blossombunny
2008-01-06 05:49 am ( UTC )
hehe glad i do n't have a car . :P
you should show that to your local newspaper .
maybe they 'll put it in . :)
From : brown_wolf
2008-01-06 06:15 am ( UTC )
Good thing I take the bus .
From : churrodoll
2008-01-06 06:54 am ( UTC )
FUCK YEAH BUS SYSTEM .
It 's more entertaining , anyway .
From : drfgeek
2008-01-06 06:58 am ( UTC )
Run Oilcat over with one of these
From : landfishydragon
2008-01-06 05:01 pm ( UTC )
Damned oilcat !
I can relate -.-
From : consortofvenus
2008-08-28 09:15 pm ( UTC )
What is that creature in your icon ?
I want one !
From : iamnotvoldemort
2008-01-06 05:18 pm ( UTC )
Oh yeah , I start school Monday .
I get to look forward to driving 200 miles a week for school .
@_@
With stupid gas prices .
Fun .
From : q1
2008-01 -10 05:50 pm ( UTC )
i know you !
From : chazzkit
2008-01-06 06:46 pm ( UTC )
FUCKIN OILCAT AND HIS SHENANIGANS
From : taito_kisses
2008-01-07 08:09 am ( UTC )
This shit needs to be in a newspaper .
Also , I can relate .
Our car gets , I think , 40 miles to the gallon and the gas here is , right now , about $ 3.05 .
Not THAT bad , but it still sucks when you 're eating ramen noodles .
From : kd_viktor
2008-01-08 01:34 am ( UTC )
Do n't be dissing the Ramen .
From : thatoneguy297
2008-01-08 07:27 am ( UTC )
i find these comments ' lack of concern for what pr was planning on buying rather disturbing .
lol sentence structure shut up im a littlebit drink
From : hardluckrapture
2008-01-15 09:49 pm ( UTC )
God damn it - Can I read one webcomic that is n't about the war ?
From : prguitarman
2008-01 -15 10:22 pm ( UTC )
I do n't know , can you ?
Skip to comments .
For Those Not Voting For McCain ...
July 27 , 2008 | David Sherin
Posted on by djsherin
If you 're not voting for McCain at this point , will you be voting third party , write in , or not at all ?
TOPICS :
Chit / Chat
KEYWORDS :
election
mccain
mccainlist
mccaintruthfile
yayanothervanity
To : rabscuttle385
ping
To : djsherin
We ’re all voting for McCain b/c Obama is an anti-American , racist commie .
by 3 posted onby KansasGirl ( b/c Obama is just creepy . )
To : djsherin
Depends on who McCain picks for VP , and if he also addresses conservatives ' concerns on some of the issues .
If not , and if he chooses a turd for VP , I 'll just vote down - ticket Republican and write in someone else name .
To : djsherin
You guys at the Obama basement HQ must be running scared when you post vanities like these .
To : djsherin
Go ROTC !!
proud of you !!!
by 6 posted onby lookout88 ( Combat search and rescue officer 's dad . )
To : djsherin
I was going to sit out my first election in 30 years because I can't support either of them , but my wife 's brother reminded me about the up coming SCOTUS opening ( S ) .
I do n't like McLame , but I do n't trust his commie muzzie opponent worse .
I know that this is not the best reason , but it is the only reason I have
by 7 posted onby verga ( I am not an apologist , I just play one on Television )
To : djsherin
I ’m voting for Ron Paul .
I know he wo n’t win , but I refuse to choose between the lesser of two nutcase liberals .
by 8 posted onby LongElegantLegs ( Come then , War !
With hearts elated to thy standard we will fly ! )
To : KansasGirl
We re all voting for McCain b/c Obama is an anti-American , racist commie .
Yep ..
We can all hate McCain , but we despise osama .
by 9 posted onby lookout88 ( Combat search and rescue officer 's dad . )
To : djsherin
Yes !
One of the above . /;-)
by 10 posted onby ImpBill ( " America , where are you now ? " )
To : djsherin
Why is this your business ?
Did I ask who you are voting for ?
by 11 posted onby dforest ( I had almost forgotten that McCain is the nominee .
Too bad I was reminded . )
To : LongElegantLegs
Sen. McCain is n’t liberal .
I disagree with him about immigration and campaign finance reform , but he usually votes conservatively .
He usually votes for tax cuts , spending cuts , a strong military , abortion restrictions , and gun rights .
According to www.vote-smart.org, these are some of his latest ratings , from some famous interest groups : Gun Owners of America , 100 % ; U.S. Chamber of Commerce , 100 % ; Club for Growth , 100 % ; Citizens Against Government Waste , 91 % ; Americans for Democratic Action , 10 % ; NEA , 0 % ; and NARAL , 0 % .
To : djsherin
Those not voting for “ ACE ” will be pulling the leaver for OBAMA !
To : lookout88
“ We can all hate McCain , but we despise osama . ”
That ’s pretty much me as well .
Hoping that the VP choice is a good one though .
by 14 posted onby VanDeKoik ( USA : Ticking off lesser nations since 1776 .
Now in our 232 year of business ! )
To : LongElegantLegs
I am of the opinion that you only get more evil if you choose between the lesser of two evils ...
However , the more that I read and study about Obama , I am probably going to have to vote for McInane .
I do n’t want to but I probably will .
I still think that Obama will be the next pres because he is going to get the college age kids out in droves and if he swings a large portion of the latino vote , its all over and the fat liberal ladies will be singing up a storm .
However , my daddy says he still trusts in the inherent racism ( can I use that word ? ) of the American people .
by 15 posted onby montomike ( If you did n't find this funny or amusing ... have a worldwide riot . )
To : djsherin
not voting for the Mc Weasel .
Im most definitleyvoting for the Mc Weasel .
I am however voting against Obama by holding my nose and making my mark by his Republican opponent .
To : djsherin
If you 're not voting for McCain at this point , will you be ......
There are three ways to cast your vote in November 's election : or or If you are left of center , two of those choices will help put McCain in the White House .
If you are right of center , two of those choices wil help put Obama in the White House .
To : lookout88
Obama snubbed wounded troops b/c he was n’t going to be able to exploit them for a campaign photo - op .
McCain would never do that .
McCain may not hold all the positions that I would like to see in our President , but Obama holds none of them .
Most importantly , McCain would make a good CiC. Obama , on the other hand , would be a disaster for our military and national defense .
by 18 posted onby KansasGirl ( b/c Obama is just creepy . )
To : Extremely Extreme Extremist
I 'll just vote down - ticket Republican and write in someone else name .
Some never learn .
That kind of negativity got us McNut in the first place .
Continue with this and you will just be helping Obama .
To : KansasGirl
“ We ’re all voting for McCain b/c Obama is an anti-American , racist commie . ”
Excellent answer !
Agree 100 % .
by 20 posted onby FocusNexus ( " Winning is n't everything , it 's the only thing . " -- Vince Lombardi )
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Last Stand for the Far - Left Berlin Commune Fights the Property Developers
The Köpi in Berlin is famous as one of the last remaining remnants of the city 's squat culture from the early 1990s .
The building , which is in a desirable location , has now been sold to a property developer -- but the residents are n't giving up without a fight .
Editor 's Note :
This story was originally printed in the June 2008 issue of Scientific American .
June 30 , 1908 , 7:14 a.m. , central Siberia — Semen Semenov , a local farmer , saw “ the sky split in two .
Fire appeared high and wide over the forest ....
From ... where the fire was , came strong heat ....
Then the sky shut closed , and a strong thump sounded , and I was thrown a few yards ....
After that such noise came , as if . . . cannons were firing , the earth shook ... ”
Such is the harrowing testimony of one of the closest eyewitnesses to what scientists call the Tunguska event , the largest impact of a cosmic body to occur on the earth during modern human history .
Semenov experienced a raging conflagration some 65 kilometers ( 40 miles ) from ground zero , but the effects of the blast rippled out far into northern Europe and Central Asia as well .
Some people saw massive , silvery clouds and brilliant , colored sunsets on the horizon , whereas others witnessed luminescent skies at night — Londoners , for instance , could plainly read newsprint at midnight without artificial lights .
Geophysical observatories placed the source of the anomalous seismic and pressure waves they had recorded in a remote section of Siberia .
The epicenter lay close to the river Podkamennaya Tunguska , an uninhabited area of swampy taiga forest that stays frozen for eight or nine months of the year .
Ever since the Tunguska event , scientists and lay enthusiasts alike have wondered what caused it .
Although most observers generally accept that some kind of cosmic body , either an asteroid or a comet , exploded in the sky above Siberia , no one has yet found fragments of the object or any impact craters in the affected region .
The mystery remains unsolved , but our research team , only the latest of a steady stream of investigators who have scoured the area , may be closing in on a discovery that will change our understanding of what happened that fateful morning .
The study of the Tunguska event is important because past collisions with extraterrestrial bodies have had major effects on the evolution of the earth .
Some 4.4 billion years ago , for example , a Mars - size planetoid seems to have struck our young planet , throwing out enough debris to create our moon .
And a large impact may have caused the extinction of the dinosaurs 65 million years ago .
Even today cosmic impacts are evident .
In July 1994 several astronomical observatories recorded the spectacular crash of a comet on Jupiter .
And only last September , Peruvian villagers watched in awe and fright as a heavenly object streaked across the sky and landed not too far away with a loud boom , leaving a gaping pit 4.5 meters deep and 13 meters wide .
Using satellite observations of meteoric “ flares ” in the atmosphere ( “ shooting stars ” ) and acoustical data that record cosmic impacts on the surface of the earth , Peter Brown and his co-workers at the University of Western Ontario and Los Alamos National Laboratory estimated the rate of smaller impacts .
The researchers have also extrapolated their findings to larger but rarer incidents such as the Tunguska event .
The average frequency of Tunguska - like asteroidal collisions ranges from one in 200 years to one in 1,000 years .
Thus , it is not unlikely that a similar strike could occur during our lifetimes .
Luckily , the Tunguska impact took place in an unpopulated corner of the globe .
Should something like it explode above New York City , the entire metropolitan area would be razed .
Understanding the Tunguska event could help us prepare for such an eventuality and maybe even take steps to avoid its occurrence altogether .
The first step in preparing ourselves would be to decide whether the cosmic object that affected Siberia was an asteroid or a comet .
Although the consequences are roughly comparable in either case , an important difference is that objects in the solar system that circle far away from the sun on long - period orbits before returning , such as comets , would hit the earth at much greater velocities than close - orbiting ( short - period ) bodies , such as asteroids .
A comet that is significantly smaller than an asteroid thus could release the same kinetic energy in such a collision .
And observers have much more difficulty detecting long - period objects before they enter the inner solar system .
In addition , the probability that such objects will cross the earth ’s orbit is low relative to the probability that asteroids will .
For these reasons , confirmed comet impacts on the earth are so far unknown .
Therefore , if the Tunguska event was in fact caused by a comet , it would be a unique occurrence rather than an important case study of a known class of phenomena .
On the other hand , if an asteroid did explode in the Siberian skies that June morning , why has no one yet found fragments ?
First Expedition
Part of the enduring mystery of the Tunguska event harks back to the stark physical isolation of central Siberia and the political turmoil that raged in Russia during the early 20th century , a time when the czarist empire fell and the Soviet Union emerged .
These two factors delayed scientific field studies for nearly 20 years .
Only in 1927 did an expedition led by Leonid Kulik , a meteorite specialist from the Russian Academy of Sciences , reach the Tunguska site .
When Kulik got to the site , he was confronted with some almost unbelievable scenery .
Amazingly , the blast had flattened millions of trees in a broad , butterfly - shaped swath covering more than 2,000 square kilometers ( 775 square miles ) .
Furthermore , the tree trunks had fallen in a radial pattern extending out for kilometers from a central area where “ telegraph poles , ” a lone stand of partially burned tree stumps , still remained .
Kulik interpreted this ravaged landscape as the aftermath of an impact of an iron meteorite .
He then began to search for the resulting crater or meteorite fragments .
Kulik led three additional expeditions to the Tunguska region in the late 1920s and 1930s , and several others followed , but no one found clear - cut impact craters or pieces of whatever had hit the area .
The dearth of evidence on - site gave rise to various explanatory hypotheses .
In 1946 , for instance , science - fiction writer Alexander Kazantsev explained the puzzling scene by positing a scenario in which an alien spacecraft had exploded in the atmosphere .
Within a few years , the airburst theory gained scientific support and thereafter limited further speculation .
Disintegration of a cosmic object in the atmosphere , between five and 10 kilometers above the surface , would explain most of the features investigators observed on the ground .
Seismic observatory records , together with the dimensions of the devastation , allowed researchers to estimate the energy and altitude of the blast .
The lack of an impact crater also suggested that the object could not have been a sturdy iron meteorite but a more fragile object , such as a relatively rare , stony asteroid or a small comet .
Russian scientists favored the latter hypothesis because a comet is composed of dust particles and ice , which would fail to produce an impact crater .
Another explanation for the tumult in the Tunguska region claimed that the de­struc­tion resulted from the rapid combustion of methane gas released from the swampy ground into the air .
Laboratory Models
In 1975 Ari Ben-Menahem , a seismologist at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot , Israel , analyzed the seismic waves triggered by the Tunguska event and estimated that the energy released by the explosion was between 10 and 15 megatons in magnitude , the equivalent of 1,000 Hiroshima atomic bombs .
Astrophysicists have since created numerical simulations of the Tunguska event to try to decide among the competing hypotheses .
The airburst of a stony asteroid is the leading interpretation .
Models by Christopher F. Chyba , then at the NASA Ames Research Center , and his colleagues proposed in 1993 that the asteroid was a few tens of meters in diameter and that it exploded several kilometers above the ground .
Comparison of the effects of nuclear test airbursts with the flattened pattern of the Tunguska forest seems to confirm this suggestion .
More recent simulations by N. A. Artemieva and V. V. Shuvalov , both at the Institute for Dynamics of Geospheres in Moscow , have envisioned an asteroid of similar size vaporizing five to 10 kilometers above Tunguska .
In their model , the resulting fine debris and a downward - propagating gaseous jet then dispersed over wide areas in the atmosphere .
These simulations do not , however , exclude the possibility that meter - size fragments may have survived the explosion and could have struck the ground not far from the blast .
Late last year Mark Boslough and his team at Sandia National Laboratories concluded that the Tunguska event may have been precipitated by a much smaller object than earlier estimates had suggested .
Their supercomputer simulation showed that the mass of the falling cosmic body turned into an expanding jet of high - temperature gas traveling at supersonic speeds .
The model also indicated that the impactor was first compressed by the increasing resistance of the earth ’s atmosphere .
As the descending body penetrated deeper , air resistance probably caused it to explode in an airburst with a strong flow of heated gas that was carried downward by its tremendous momentum .
Because the fireball would have transported additional energy toward the surface , what scientists had thought to be an explosion between 10 and 20 megatons was more likely only three to five megatons , according to Boslough .
All this simulation work only strengthened ( and continues to strengthen ) our desire to conduct fieldwork at the Tunguska site .
Trip to Siberia
Our involvement with the Tunguska event began in 1991 , when one of us ( Longo ) took part in the first Italian expedition to the site , during which he searched for microparticles from the explosion that might have become trapped in tree resin .
Later , we stumbled on two obscure papers by Russian scientists , V. A. Koshelev and K. P. Florensky , that reported their discovery of a small body of water , Lake Cheko , roughly eight kilometers from the suspected epicenter of the phenomenon .
In 1960 Koshelev speculated that Lake Cheko might be an impact crater , but Florensky rejected that idea .
Florensky instead believed the lake was older than the Tunguska event , based on having found loose sediments as thick as seven meters below the bottom of the lake .
Word that a lake sat close to ground zero piqued our interest in mounting a field trip there because lake - bottom sediments can store a detailed record of events that occurred in the surrounding region , the basis of paleolimnological studies .
Although our team knew little of Lake Cheko , we thought that we could perhaps apply paleolimnological techniques and find in the lake ’s sediments clues to unravel the Tunguska mystery , as if the lake were the black box from a crashed airliner .
A few years later we found ourselves journeying to Russia in the cargo hold of an Ilyushin Il 20 M propeller plane , a onetime aerial spy from the cold war era .
Having found the necessary funds and having organized our venture in cooperation with research groups at Moscow State University and Tomsk State University in Russia ( with the assistance of former cosmonaut Georgi M. Grechko ) , we were finally on our way to the Tunguska region .
After the transport carried most of our Italian team and its equipment to a military base near Moscow , we flew overnight to Krasnojarsk , in central Siberia .
We then transferred our equipment and ourselves , plus several researchers from Tomsk State , into the belly of a huge Mi 26 heavy - lift helicopter ( formerly used by the military ) .
For six hours we squatted among our equipment , deafened by the chopper ’s twin turboshaft engines , until we finally reached our distant goal in the middle of the endless taiga .
After circling the lake ’s dark waters warily , the helicopter hovered precariously above the swampy lakeside ( which was too soft for a landing ) as we jumped down amid a torrential rainstorm .
With eight blades rotating furiously above our heads , the resulting hurricane of air and water seemed set to sweep us away when at last we managed to unload our heavy cargo .
With a roar , the craft lifted upward , and we were left drenched and exhausted near the edge of the lake , suddenly immersed in the deep silence of the Siberian wilderness .
Any small relief we felt when the rain stopped was immediately forgotten as clouds of voracious mosquitoes descended on us like massed squadrons of tiny dive - bombers .
On - Site Studies
We spent the next two days organizing the camp , assembling our survey boat ( a catamaran ) and testing our equipment .
Our studies would require a range of technologies , such as acoustic echo sounders , a magnetometer , subbottom acoustic profilers , a ground - penetrating radar , devices to recover sediment cores , an underwater television camera and a set of GPS receivers to enable study teams to track their position with a resolution of less than a meter .
For two weeks after that , our group surveyed the lake from the catamaran , tormented the entire time by hordes of mosquitoes and horseflies .
These efforts focused on exploring the sedimentation and structure of the lake ’s subbottom .
Other team members , in the meantime , busied themselves with their own tasks .
With his ground - penetrating radar , Michele Pipan , a geophysicist at the University of Trieste , gradually mapped the subsurface structures ( some three to four meters deep ) below the 500 - meter shore perimeter .
Eugene Kolesnikov , a geochemist at Moscow State , and his colleagues excavated trenches in peat deposits near the lake , a tough job given the resistance of the hard permafrost layer below the surface .
Kolesnikov ’s team searched the peat layers for chemical markers of the Tunguska event .
At the same time , Romano Serra of Bologna University and Valery Nesvetailo of Tomsk State collected core samples from nearby tree trunks to study possible anomalies in the tree -ring patterns .
Meanwhile , high above us , the aircraft that brought us to Krasnojarsk returned and circled the region to take aerial photographs so that we could compare them with those Kulik made some 60 years before .
We had assumed that the lake - bottom sediments might contain markers of the Tunguska event .
After completing just a few runs across Lake Cheko with our high - resolution acoustic profiler , it became clear that the sediments blanketing the lake ’s bottom were more than 10 meters thick .
Some sediment particles had been transported to the lake by winds , but most of them came by way of the inflow of the little Kimchu River that fed Lake Cheko .
We estimated that sediment deposition in a small body of water that stays frozen for most of the year would probably not exceed a few centimeters a year , so such a thick sediment layer might imply that the lake existed before 1908 .
On the other hand , the more we profiled the lake bottom , the more perplexed we became .
It appeared that the lake , which is about 50 meters ( 165 feet ) deep in the middle and has steep slopes , is shaped like a funnel or an inverted cone , a structure that is difficult to explain .
If the lake were thousands of years old , it would probably have a flat bottom , the result of fine sediments gradually filling it up .
We also found it hard to account for the funnel shape using typical erosion - deposition processes that occur when a small river meanders across a relatively flat landscape .
Our entire team discussed these questions during the evenings as we sat under rain tarps , dining on delicious Russian kasha seasoned liberally with the bodies of dead mosquitoes .
Soon our time in Tunguska was nearly over .
The expedition members spent the last day frantically disassembling the boat , packing the equipment and dismantling the camp .
When the helicopter arrived at noon the next day , we rushed to load all our stuff and ourselves into the hovering chopper amid the storm of human - made turbulence and finally began our return .
Titillating Evidence
Back in our laboratories in Italy , the three of us completed processing our bathymetric data , which confirmed that the shape of Lake Cheko ’s bottom differs significantly from those of other Siberian lakes , which typically feature flat bottoms .
Most lakes in the region form when water fills the depressions left after the ubiquitous permafrost layer melts .
The funnellike shape of Lake Cheko , in contrast , resembles those of known impact craters of similar size — for instance , the so - called Odessa crater , which was created 25,000 years ago by the impact of a small asteroid in what is now Odessa , Tex .
The idea that Lake Cheko might fill an impact crater became more attractive to us .
But if the lake is indeed a crater excavated by a fragment of the Tunguska cosmic body , it cannot have been formed earlier than 1908 .
We sought evidence that the little lake existed before the event .
Reliable , pre-1908 maps of this uninhabited region of Siberia are not easy to come by , but we found a czarist military map from 1883 that fails to show the lake .
Testimony by local Evenk natives also asserts that a lake was produced by the 1908 explosion .
But if the lake was not formed before 1908 , how can one explain the thickness of the deposits carpeting its floor ?
Our seismic - reflection data revealed two distinct zones in the lake ’s deposits : a thin , roughly meter - thick upper level of laminated , fine sediments typical of quiet deposition overlying a lower region of nonstratified , chaotic deposits .
A recent study by two Italian paleobotanists , Carla Alberta Accorsi of the University of Modena and Luisa Forlani of the University of Bologna , however , has shown that whereas the upper sediment layers contain abundant evidence of aquatic plants , these signs are totally absent in the lower chaotic deposits , which hold plentiful quantities of pollen from forest trees .
So it looks as if the lake ’s true deposits are only about a meter thick , a feature that is compatible with a hypothesis that posits a young age for the lake .
A forest seems to have grown on wet ground there before the lake formed .
Our survey team also observed the half - buried remains of tree trunks in the deeper part of the lake via underwater video .
And high - frequency acoustic waves reflected back from the same zone showed a characteristic “ hairy ” pattern that could have resulted from the presence of the remains of trunks and branches .
Perhaps these results are a trace of the forest obliterated by the impact .
Suspect Lake Shape
To explain the lower chaotic deposits , we can imagine a cosmic body hitting soggy ground overlying a layer of permafrost several tens of meters thick .
The impactor ’s kinetic energy is transformed into heat , which melts the permafrost , releasing methane and water vapor and expanding the size of the resulting crater by as much as a quarter .
At the same time , the impact would have plastered preexisting river and swamp deposits onto the flanks of the impact crater , where they would later be imaged as the chaotic deposits in our acoustic - echo profiles .
Most intriguing , a careful analysis of the seismic - reflection profiles we obtained across the lake has revealed several meters below the deepest point at the center a strong acoustic reflector , probably the echo of a dense , meter - size rocky object .
This result is supported by the finding of a small magnetic anomaly above the same spot during our magnetometer survey .
Are these indications of a fragment of the Tunguska body ?
We are anxious to find out .
Our team is now preparing to return later this year to attempt to drill the center of the lake to reach the dense seismic reflector .
The year 2008 is the centennial of the Tunguska event .
We hope it will also be the year the Tunguska mystery is solved .
Challenging RIAA subpoenas can be costly , and not just because college kids have to dig deep into the sock drawer to pay lawyers of their own .
Ars has learned that the RIAA 's legal campaign against students is now built on escalating penalties ; if you force the RIAA legal team into action , then end up settling , you could end up paying more than that initial $ 3,000 .
A lot more .
When college students are fingered by the RIAA 's " pre-litigation letters , " most schools pass the letters along and let students make their own decision about challenging the issue in court or settling for around $ 3,000 .
That 's not cheap , but the RIAA has recently been making it far more expensive for students who try to fight .
If a student does n't respond to a pre-litigation letter and the RIAA has to go to court to get the name , the settlement fees goes up to about $ 4,000 .
And if a student decides to challenge the RIAA 's subpoena or otherwise delay a trial , the price jumps dramatically to $ 7,000 or $ 8,000 .
Of quashing and consequences
We spoke with a legal consultant for the RIAA who handles much of this litigation , and he explained that the music trade group has always seen legal challenges to its tactics .
In the last year , though , RIAA lawyers have seen a serious uptick in the number of students who have attempted to quash subpoenas that would allow them to learn the students ' identities .
In some cases , this takes the form of filing a motion to quash , then waiting for the RIAA to file a counter - motion , then filling a motion to suppress the counter - motion , then waiting for the RIAA to respond , then ... well , you get the idea .
When you 're paying the RIAA 's rates for legal help , this sort of thing costs serious money , and it leads to delay .
Over the last six months , the RIAA has begun a concerted campaign to limit what it sees as frivolous litigation of this kind , as it says no defendant in the history of the RIAA enforcement campaign has successfully battled such a subpoena ( although it should be pointed out that there are some motions to quash that are still pending ) .
In order to strike fear into the hearts of students everywhere , the RIAA has adopted a sort of anti-Wal - Mart model where it passes the costs on to you .
In fact , the RIAA tells us that it is actually acting in everyone 's best interests through this escalating costs approach .
Because most students end up settling anyway , fighting the subpoenas generally just raises the amount of the fee they end up paying .
It also costs them more in legal fees , it ties up the courts , and the whole process appears to bore RIAA lawyers to tears .
The legal consultant tells
Ars that this has nothing to do with bullying people into staying silent and paying up .
" We have no qualms with individuals exercising their rights to litigate real issues , " he says .
" [ But ] the issues being raised in these motions to quash are issues that have been resolved time and time again in the RIAA 's favor . "
Students sometimes think they can simply fight the subpoena and the case as hard as humanly possible , then simply drop it and settle down the line .
The RIAA wants to get the word out , though : those choices have consequences that can be measured in beer money .
Lots and lots of beer money .
Meet the scapegoats
We were n't surprised to find that the Electronic Frontier Foundation has a different perspective , but the gulf between the two sides is positively Grand Canyon - like in size .
I spoke to EFF attorney Corynne McSherry , who argued that the copyright infringement claims at the basis of these lawsuits are n't always as strong as the RIAA would have people believe .
McSherry points to recent court decisions that cast doubt on the idea that simply making a file available is the same as actually distributing it to the public , and she points out that the MPAA has been wildly misguided in its own analysis of collegiate file - swapping .
Given these issues and more recent questions about the limits of automated P2P enforcement , McSherry argues that it is " especially inappropriate and unfortunate " to punish people for trying to defend themselves in court .
The " judicial process is important , and it 's particularly important now when there seems to be real questions for the factual basis for these claims , " she says .
And taking a bigger - picture look at the entire issue , McSherry says that there 's " no reason to believe that any of this is stopping file - sharing or helping the RIAA or the artists that it represents to get paid . "
Colleges are simply " scapegoated because they 're easy targets , " she says , pointing out that schools do far more to educate their network users about copyright , fair use , and file - swapping than any commercial ISPs in the US .
The schools are easier to pursue than individuals because they are uniquely vulnerable to government pressure ( in the form of grants and aid money ) , while at the same time they possess unique punishment powers that commercial ISPs lack .
j Query 1.2.6 : Events 100 % faster
Posted on by
j Query 1.2.6 is primarily a bug fix release for jQuery 1.2 .
You can view the full list of what was fixed on the bug tracker .
This is the next release immediately following jQuery 1.2.3 .
Releases 1.2.4 and 1.2.5 were skipped ( 1.2.4 was built incorrectly , rendering it effectively identical to 1.2.3 , and 1.2.5 was missing a patch ) .
The entire jQuery team did a fantastic job in pulling this release together – I want to take this opportunity to thank them all for their continued hard work .
I ’d also like to take this opportunity to welcome Ariel Flesler to the core jQuery development team .
He provided valuable help in pulling this release together – contributing bug fixes , performance improvements , features , and test cases .
You can see the result of his hard work all throughout this release .
Welcome Ariel and thank him for all his contributions !
Downloading
j Query 1.2.6 :
If you wish to checkout the full release from the Subversion repository , you can do so by following the instructions and checking out the source from the following location :
svn co http://jqueryjs.googlecode.com/svn/tags/1.2.6
Performance Improvements
Once again the jQuery team has worked hard to bring huge performance improvements in this release .
As with previous releases we ’ve expanded to look at many areas of the jQuery framework , looking for common pain points , and providing relief .
All data and test cases for the below performance improvements can be found in the the following jQuery 1.2.3 v. 1.2.6 Google Spreadsheet ( results for Internet Explorer 6 were excluded in favor of Internet Explorer 7 due to their virtually - identical results ) .
Event Handling is 103 % Faster
In analyzing intense application code ( specifically operations such as drag - and - drop ) we looked for ways in which universal changes could be made that would affect all users .
A frequently - called piece of code was that of the jQuery event handler , any optimizations to it would dramatically improve the performance of all resulting frequently - called events .
By focusing improvements here all frequently - called events that you have should see immediate benefits .
CSS Selectors are 13 % faster
A number of optimizations have been made to internal jQuery methods , dramatically improving their performance , while providing measurable benefit to some of the most commonly used code in jQuery ( such as the CSS Selector code ) .
For example the jQuery.map ( ) method is now 866 % faster and jQuery.extend ( ) is 19 % faster .
These two changes have allowed for dramatic improvements in performance all throughout the library .
.offset ( ) is 21 % faster
Together with the improvements to jQuery ’s event handling code optimizations of .offset ( ) have allowed intense mouse - based operations to become much faster .
For example jQuery UI ’s drag - and - drop code is now over 300 % faster because of these change ( allowing you to achieve faster , smoother , drag - and - drop operations ) .
.css ( ) is 25 % faster
A method that ’s frequently called ( both internally and externally ) .
The optimizations to this method are easily felt in others ( like .offset ( ) , for example ) .
New Features and Major Changes
Dimensions Plugin is Now Part of Core
The remaining methods of the Dimensions plugin , by Brandon Aaron , have been introduced into jQuery core , along with additional bug fixes and performance improvements .
This plugin has seen considerable use amongst developers and plugin authors and has become a solid part of the jQuery ecosystem .
We ’ve been , slowly , introducing the most - used methods from the Dimensions plugin over the past couple releases – but with the release of 1.2.6 all remaining methods are now part of core .
If you ’re upgrading your copy of jQuery to version 1.2.6 you can now opt to exclude the Dimensions plugin from your code .
The full documentation for Dimensions can be found on the jQuery documentation site ( and is in the process of becoming integrated with the core jQuery documentation ) .
. attr ( ) overhaul
The .attr ( ) method has been completely overhauled ( resolving about 15 outstanding bugs ) .
Additionally , the method has been significantly simplified and optimized .
.toggle ( ) can now accept more functions
Historically jQuery ’s .toggle ( ) function has accepted two functions ( to be toggled in an even / odd manner ) .
However that has been changed so that any number of functions can be provided and toggled by a mouse click .
$ ( " div " ) .toggle ( function ( ) { $ ( this ) .removeClass ( " three " ) .
addClass ( " one " ) ; } , function ( ) { $ ( this ) .removeClass ( " one " ) .addClass ( " two " ) ; } , function ( ) { $ ( this ) .removeClass ( " two " ) .addClass ( " three " ) ; } ) ;
You can now unbind bound .toggle ( ) and .one ( ) functions
function test ( ) { $ ( this ) .addClass ( " test " ) ; } $ ( " div " ) .one ( " click " , test ) ; $ ( " div " ) .unbind ( " click " , test ) ; $ ( " div " ) .toggle ( test , test ) ; $ ( " div " ) .unbind ( " click " , test ) ;
.index ( ) supports jQuery collections
j Query ’s .index ( ) function has allowed you to find the location of a DOM element in the jQuery collection – now you can also specify a jQuery collection ( the first element of which will be extracted and located in the original set ) .
var test = $ ( " div.test " ) ; $ ( " div " ) .index ( test ) == 3
jQuery.makeArray can convert ANYTHING to an array .
j Query ’s internal .makeArray ( ) method now converts any array - like object into a new array .
Additionally it wraps all other objects as an array and returns the resulting set .
jQuery.makeArray ( document.getElementsByTagName(" div " ) ) // => [ div , div , div ] jQuery.makeArray ( true ) // => [ true ] jQuery.makeArray ( ) // => [ ]
beforeSend can cancel Ajax calls
The beforeSend Ajax callback has allowed developers to execute a piece of code prior to a request occurring – now that code can also verify the integrity of some parameters and cancel the resulting Ajax request ( useful for tasks like form validation ) .
$.ajax ( { beforeSend : function ( ) { return $ ( " #input " ) .
val ( ) == " " ; } , url : " test.php " } ) ;
Exposed Speeds
j Query has a number of named animation speeds ( such as ‘ slow ’ , ‘ fast ’ , and ‘ default ’ ) you can now provide your own names for animation speeds , or modify the existing ones , by manipulating the jQuery .
fx.speeds object .
jQuery.fx.speeds.slow = 1000 ; $ ( " #test " ) .slideDown ( " slow " ) ;
[ Image :
The strange , island - like spaces of micro-sovereignty within the town of Baarle - Hertog ; a few more maps can be seen here , and you can read more in this two - page article ] .
Baarle - Hertog is noted for its complicated borders with Baarle - Nassau in the Netherlands .
In total it consists of 24 separate pieces of land .
Apart from the main piece ( called Zondereigen ) located north of the Belgian town of Merksplas , there are twenty Belgian exclaves in the Netherlands and three other pieces on the Dutch - Belgian border .
There are also seven Dutch exclaves within the Belgian exclaves .
Six of them are located in the largest one and a seventh in the second - largest one .
An eighth Dutch exclave lies in Zondereigen .
The border is so complicated that there are some houses that are divided between the two countries .
There was a time when according to Dutch laws restaurants had to close earlier .
For some restaurants on the border it meant that the clients simply had to change their tables to the Belgian side .
The municipality limits are very complicated .
Nowadays , each municipality has its city hall , church , police , school and post office .
The houses of the two nationalities are totally mixed .
They are identified by the shield bearing their number : the national flag is included on it .
In response to the previous post , a reader kindly pointed me to the fascinating town of Baarle - Hertog , Belgium .
Baarle - Hertog borders the Netherlands – but , because of its unique history of political division , the town is sort of marbled with competing national loyalties .
In other words , pockets of the town are Dutch ; most of the town is Belgian .
You can thus wander from country to country on an afternoon stroll , as if island - hopping between sovereignties .
Check out the town map .
Being in a bit of a rush at the moment , I 'll simply have to quote Wikipedia Sarah Laitner , at the Financial Times , adds that " women are able to choose the nationality of their child depending on the location of the room in which they give birth .
" Another website , apparently drawing from theto the Netherlands , explains the origins of Baarle - Hertog 's bizarre geography : it can all be traced back to the 12th century , it seems , when the town was first divided .
The northern half of the town became part of the Barony of Breda ( later home to the Nassau family ) , and the southern half went to the Duke of Brabant ( meansin Dutch ) .
But that same website also mentions this : I hate to refer to Thomas Pynchon twice , in back - to - back blog posts , but there something 's remarkably Pynchon - esque about this final detail .
In any case , also check out this site for more historical information .
While we 're on the subject of micro-sovereignties , though , be sure to check out Neutral Moresnet , a tiny , politically independent non-state formed around a zinc mining operation in eastern Belgium .
There 's also Cospaia , " a small former republic in Italy " which " unexpectedly gained independence in 1440 " after Pope Eugene IV sold the land it stood on .
" By error , " we read , " a small strip of land went unmentioned in the sale treaty , and its inhabitants promptly declared themselves independent .
" The Free State Bottleneck Åland Islands , and the Sovereign Military Order of Malta are all also worth checking out .
Finally , of course , I 'd be remiss if I did n't point out BLDGBLOG 's earlier interview with Simon Sellars , co-author of The Lonely Planet Guide to Micronations
Expectant parents are often overwhelmed - and befuddled - when they hear news of baby ’s impending arrival .
Here are some hilarious Safe Baby Pregnancy Tips , do ’s and don’ts on getting through the next nine months .
Source :
David and Kelly Sopp are the founders of Wry Baby a company that sells baby merchandise featuring their unique sense of humor .
Their wacky approach to parenting was first launched in Safe Baby Handling Tips [ Features hilarious visual instructions for new parents ] and Safe Baby Pregnancy Tips , both published by Running Press .
Both books include a mini version of “ The Wheel of Responsibility ” to help parents with their duties , while keeping them un-divorced .
More Resources :
Effective Complementary and Alternative Therapies During Pregnancy
Welcome to PyCUDA ’s documentation !¶
PyCUDA gives you easy , Pythonic access to Nvidia ’s CUDA parallel computation API .
Several wrappers of the CUDA API already exist–so why the need for PyCUDA ?
Object cleanup tied to lifetime of objects .
This idiom , often called RAII in C++ , makes it much easier to write correct , leak - and crash - free code .
PyCUDA knows about dependencies , too , so ( for example ) it wo n’t detach from a context before all memory allocated in it is also freed .
Convenience .
Abstractions like pycuda.compiler.SourceModule and pycuda.gpuarray .GPUArray make CUDA programming even more convenient than with Nvidia ’s C - based runtime .
Completeness .
PyCUDA puts the full power of CUDA ’s driver API at your disposal , if you wish .
Automatic Error Checking .
All CUDA errors are automatically translated into Python exceptions .
Speed .
PyCUDA ’s base layer is written in C++ , so all the niceties above are virtually free .
Helpful Documentation .
You ’re looking at it . ;)
Here ’s an example , to give you an impression :
import pycuda.autoinit import pycuda.driver as drv import numpy from pycuda.compiler import SourceModule mod = SourceModule ( " " " __global__ void multiply _them ( float * dest , float * a , float * b ) { const int i = thread Idx.x ; dest [ i ] = a [ i ] * b[ i ] ; } " " " ) multiply _them = mod .
get_function ( " multiply_them " ) a = numpy .
random .
randn ( 400 ) . astype ( numpy .
float32 ) b = numpy .
random .
randn ( 400 ) . astype ( numpy . float32 ) dest = numpy .
zeros_like ( a ) multiply_them ( drv .
Out ( dest ) , drv .
In ( a ) , drv .
In ( b ) , block = ( 400 , 1 , 1 ) , grid = ( 1 , 1 ) ) print dest - a * b
( This example is examples / hello_gpu.py in the PyCUDA source distribution . )
On the surface , this program will print a screenful of zeros .
Behind the scenes , a lot more interesting stuff is going on :
PyCUDA has compiled the CUDA source code and uploaded it to the card .
Note
This code does n’t have to be a constant –you can easily have Python generate the code you want to compile .
See Metaprogramming .
PyCUDA ’s numpy interaction code has automatically allocated space on the device , copied the numpy arrays a and b over , launched a 400x1x1 single - block grid , and copied dest back .
Note that you can just as well keep your data on the card between kernel invocations –no need to copy data all the time .
See how there ’s no cleanup code in the example ?
That ’s not because we were lazy and just skipped it .
It simply is n’t needed .
PyCUDA will automatically infer what cleanup is necessary and do it for you .
Curious ?
Let ’s get started .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Heads - up on new developments on a new disease .
Australia ’s biggest outbreak yet of the highly virulent Hendra virus is underway .
The disease is transmitted from fruit bats to horses and from horses to humans .
It was identified in 1994 — the last year there was a major outbreak .
One human trainer and 14 horses died then , reports the Sydney Morning Herald .
A second infected person recovered .
Now changes in symptoms in Queensland horses are suggesting a new strain .
Perhaps one capable of human - to - human transmission .
New Scientist reports that two veterinary workers became infected roughly four weeks ago and remain hospitalized .
Fifty more people who may have had contact with horses will undergo a second set of tests .
So far this year at least seven horses are infected .
Five have died .
Thirty - six more will be tested for a second time tomorrow .
The classic symptom of Hendra virus in a horse is severely labored breathing , frothy nasal discharge and swollen muzzle .
The animals often die within days .
But this year ’s horses are suffering from neurological symptoms , including paralysis and loss of balance .
Human symptoms include a severe flu - like illness , headache , high fever , and drowsiness , which can progress to pneumonia , convulsions , or coma .
The Hendra virus has not been identified outside of Australia .
Every outbreak since the first has been successfully contained to only one horse .
Between 1994 and now , one other person was infected and survived .
Though , confusingly , the US Centers for Disease Control reports that two out of three human infections prior to this year were fatal .
Julia Whitty is Mother Jones ’ environmental correspondent , lecturer , and 2008 winner of the Kiriyama Prize and the John Burroughs Medal Award .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
This week ’s New Yorker magazine pokes fun at smears directed at Barack Obama , but the Democratic presidential candidate is n’t laughing .
The cover portrays the Illinois senator in a turban and robe bumping fists with wife Michelle , who sports an Afro , a rifle and military garb .
In the background , an American flag burns in the fireplace .
The left - leaning magazine ’s cover summarizes several smears that have surfaced this year : that Obama is a “ secret Muslim ” who hates America and his wife harbors a Black Panthers - style enmity toward white society .
Even that fist bump , the modern version of the high five , was described as a “ terrorist fist jab ” by a Fox News anchor , who later apologized .
The Obama campaign , which has taken aggressive measures to knock down these perceptions , is not amused with the magazine cover .
“ The New Yorker may think , as one of their staff explained to us , that their cover is a satirical lampoon of the caricature Senator Obama ’s right - wing critics have tried to create .
But most readers will see it as tasteless and offensive .
And we agree , ” spokesman Bill Burton said in a prepared statement .
Republican candidate John McCain agreed with his rival for the November election .
“ I just saw a picture of it on television , ” McCain told reporters in Phoenix .
“ I think it ’s totally inappropriate and frankly , I understand if Senator Obama and his supporters would find it offensive . ”
( To read more about the U.S. political campaign , visit Reuters " Tales from the Trail : 2008 " online at blogs.reuters.com/trail08/)
Products The Zakon Series on Mathematical Analysis by Elias Zakon
This series of books covers in a concrete and hands - on way the basic material of real analysis .
Basic Concepts of Mathematics
This book helps the student complete the transition from purely manipulative to rigorous mathematics , with topics that cover basic set theory , fields ( with emphasis on the real numbers ) , a review of the geometry of three dimensions , and properties of linear spaces .
Mathematical Analysis I Designed for a two - semester undergraduate course , this award - winning text covers the basic material of continuity and differentiation of functions , integration , metric spaces , etc .
This book begins with a condensed version of the author 's Basic Concepts of Mathematics .
Mathematical Analysis II
Used for many years as the text for a two - semester undergraduate course in analysis , this book covers measure and integration ( Lebesgue measure , Radon - Nikodym theorem , monotone convergence theorem , etc. ) and calculus on normed linear spaces ( Banach spaces ) .
The Trillia Lectures on Mathematics
This series will include mathematics texts that contain valuable material outside of a traditional textbook format .
An Introduction to the Theory of Numbers by Leo Moser
This book , which presupposes familiarity only with the most elementary concepts of arithmetic ( divisibility properties , greatest common divisor , etc. ) , is an expanded version of a series of lectures for graduate student on elementary number theory .
It is appropriate either for a second undergraduate course or an introductory graduate course in Number Theory .
Even in geology , it 's not often a date gets revised by 500 million years .
But University of Florida geologists say they have found strong evidence that a half - dozen major basins in India were formed a billion or more years ago , making them at least 500 million years older than commonly thought .
The findings appear to remove one of the major obstacles to the Snowball Earth theory that a frozen Earth was once entirely covered in snow and ice – and might even lend some weight to a controversial claim that complex life originated hundreds of million years earlier than most scientists currently believe .
" In modern geology , to revise the age of basins like this by 500 million years is pretty unique , " says Joe Meert , a UF associate professor of geology .
Agreed Abhijit Basu , a professor of geological studies at Indiana University : " The required revision is enormous – 500 million years or about 11 percent of total Earth history . "
Meert is one of eight authors of a paper on the research that recently appeared in the online edition of the journal Precambrian Research .
The Purana basins – which include the subject of the study , the Vindhyan basin – are located south of New Delhi in the northern and central regions of India .
They are slight , mostly flat depressions in the Earth 's crust that span thousands of square miles .
For decades , Meert said , most geologists have believed the basins formed 500 million to 700 million years ago when the Earth 's crust stretched , thinned and then subsided .
Meert said that date may have originated in early radiometric dating of sediment from the basin .
Radiometric dating involves estimating age based on the decay or radioactive elements .
Additionally , he said , apparent fossils retrieved from the basin seemed to have originated between 500 million and 700 million years ago .
The researchers were working on an unrelated project and had no intention of re-examining the basins ' age .
But then a UF graduate student , Laura Gregory , dated a kimberlite retrieved from the Vindhyan basin to about 1,073 million years ago .
A kimberlite is a volcanic rock that contains diamonds .
Gregory also used paleomagnetism , a technique that estimates where rocks were formed by using the orientation of their magnetic minerals .
Curious about whether the kimberlite results would apply more generally to the region , fellow UF graduate student Shawn Malone compared the kimberlite 's orientation to other rocks from the Vindhyan basin .
To his surprise , he found the orientations were virtually identical .
As a result , the geologists expanded the investigation , using a modified chain saw to drill wine - cork - sized cores out of dozens of rocks collected from 56 sites .
Their contents all also had the same or very similar magnetic orientation , Meert said .
Much of the basins are composed of sediments that cannot be dated using any method .
But Meert said the sediment also contains zircon , which can be dated using laser mass spectrometry – vaporizing tiny bits of the rocks with a laser , then analyzing their uranium and " daughter " lead contents to tease out their formation date based on rates of decay .
All the zircon the researchers tested originated 1,020 million years ago , Meert said .
The Snowball Earth theory posits that the Earth was covered in snow and ice from about 635 million to 700 million years ago .
While much geological evidence has been found to support that theory worldwide , the Vindhyan and other Purana basins lacked numerous telltale signs , such as striated or scratched boulders formed when ice drags small pebbles over bedrock and boulder beds derived from glaciers known as tillites , Meert said .
As a result , he said , the basins represented a prominent obstacle to the theory .
The new study removes that obstacle because it pushes back the origins of the basins to well before Snowball Earth would have occurred .
A 2007 study , conducted independently of the UF study and published in the Journal of Geology , dated rocks from another Purana basin to 1,020 million years ago , another 500 - million - year revision .
One of its authors was M.E. " Pat " Bickford , a professor emeritus at Syracuse University 's department of earth sciences .
Bickford said the revisions of the age of the Purana basins calls into question the hypothesis that they formed when the supercontinent Rodinia broke up .
Rodinia is thought to have separated into the modern continents about 700 million years ago , but the revisions make the basins too old for that split , Bickford said .
The UF research could also support a Swedish paleontologist 's controversial dating of multicellular creatures called Ediacarans from an older part of the basin to 1.6 billion years .
But , said Meert , " Of all the implications of this research , the notion that Ediacaran - like organisms may be much older than 580 million years is probably the most speculative . "
Source : University of Florida
Rusty 's Bleeding Edge Page Rusty 's Bleeding Edge Page How Do I Make This Hard to Misuse ?
It 's useful to arm ourselves with a pithy phrase should we ever have to face an " it 'll be easier to use ! " argument .
But once we 've pointed to it , it 's still not clear how to improve the difficulty of interface misuse .
So I 've created a " best " to " worst " list : my hope is that by putting " hard to misuse " on one axis in our mental graphs , we can at least make informed decisions about tradeoffs like " hard to misuse " vs " optimal " .
The Hard To Misuse Positive Score List 10 .
It 's impossible to get wrong .
This ideal is represented by the dwim ( ) ( Do What I Mean ) function , where misuse means the implementation has a bug .
In real life this goal is only achievable by greatly restricting your definition of misuse .
Even the dwim ( ) function can be abused by not calling it at all .
9 . The compiler / linker wo n't let you get it wrong .
As a C person , I like that the compiler reads all my code before it even gives me a chance to run any of it .
We 're so used to this we do n't give it a second thought when the compiler barfs because we use the wrong type or do n't provide enough arguments to a function .
But we can go out of our way to use this : various project such as gcc and the Linux kernel have macros like BUILD_BUG_ON ( cond ) which can be implanted strategically to evoke compile errors ( it evalates sizeof ( char [ 1 - 2*!!( cond ) ] ) which wo n't compile if cond is true ) .
I use this in the kernel 's module_param ( name , type , perm ) macro to check that the read / write permissions for the module parameter are sane ( a common mistake was to specify 644 instead of 0644 ) .
8 . The compiler will warn if you get it wrong .
This is weaker than breaking the compile , but in many cases easier to achieve .
The classic of this school is the Linux kernel min( ) and max ( ) macros , which use two GCC extensions : a statement expression which allows the whole statement to be treated by the caller as a single expression , and typeof which lets us declare a temporary variable of same type as another : /* * min( ) / max ( ) macros that also do * strict type - checking ..
See the * " unnecessary " pointer comparison .
*/ # define min( x , y ) ( { \ typeof ( x ) _x = ( x ) ; \ typeof (y ) _y = ( y ) ; \ ( void ) ( &_x == &_y ) ; \ _x < _y ? _x : _y ; })
Since a common error in C is to compare signed vs unsigned types and expect a signed result , this macro insists that both types be identical .
7 . The obvious use is ( probably ) the correct one .
Always make it easier to do the Right Thing than the Wrong Thing .
So if you can't make the right thing easy , make the wrong thing hard !
This is the " explicit args required for kmalloc " example again , but it usually means choosing defaults carefully and knowing the normal use for the function .
My example here is the standard Unix exit ( ) and _exit ( ) : the latter does not call any atexit ( ) handlers and is usually not the right choice , so it 's harder to find .
6 . The name tells you how to use it .
Everyone knows a good name is invaluable .
In the _exit ( ) the underscore punches far above its one - character weight was a warning sign .
My example here is the strange reference counting mechanism used by the Linux Kernel module code : getting a reference count can fail , unlike almost all the rest of the kernel reference counts .
Hence , the " get a reference count " function is called try_module_get ( ) : those first four characters reflect the importance of the return code .
Note that these days , the GCC " __attribute__ ( ( warn_unused_result ) ) " can be used to promote this usage to a warning .
I still like the name , though , because overuse of such things has lead to some warning fatigue ...
5 . Do it right or it will always break at runtime .
As soon as the misusing code is executed , it 'll die horribly .
Not all code paths are tested , but this will often catch cases where someone is writing new code using your interface .
It 's hard for the compiler to ensure that the user calls your " open " routine before your other routines , but an " assert ( ) " can at least get you to this level .
4 . Follow common convention and you 'll get it right .
This is a corollary of " this simplest use is the correct one " , and a very useful handhold on the way up this scale .
In particular , C convention for argument order seems to have evolved down to three ordered rules : Context argument ( s ) go first .
A context is something the user will do a series of different things to ; a handle .
Associated arguments are adjacent .
An array and its length go together , as does a timestamp and its granularity .
If you could see yourself making a structure out of some of the args , they should go together .
Details go as late as possible .
Flags for the function go at the end .
Pointer and length pairs are passed in that order .
I 've never gotten the argument order of the standard write ( ) wrong , even though the fd and count could be interchanged : ssize_t write ( int fd , const void * buf , size_t count ) ;
There are also minor ( but important ! ) conventions , such as memcpy 's " destination before source " , which you should use for any memcpy - like routines .
Like all rules , this one exists to be violated ; but know you 're doing so .
3 . Read the documentation and you 'll get it right .
People only read instructions after they 've already tied themselves into a knot .
Then they skim them for keywords and do n't read your warnings .
I do n't give an example of this ; if this is the best an interface can get do , it 's in trouble .
2 . Read the implementation and you 'll get it right .
We 've all done this .
Reading the implementation can work for the simple questions ( what unit is this argument in ? ) , but leads to trouble for the subtler issues .
The concept of " the " implementation is always problematic , and when the implementation is tightened or fixed we discover we did n't actually get it right , we just got it working .
In some cases , the implementation is a noop , which does n't help .
1 . Read the correct mailing list thread and you 'll get it right .
The reason the some strange interface quirk exists might be for compatibility with some strange OS or compiler , weird corner case or even older versions of this codebase .
In other words , historical reasons ( " see , on the VAX we only had 6 characters for ... " ) .
You sometimes only find this when you send a patch to fix it and the original author yells at you .
Sometimes they add it to the FAQ .
That does not increase the interface 's score very much : please try harder .
[ / tech ] permanent link
I 'm watching a snuff film , and it 's hard - core .
The snuffers -- there 's a pack of them , male and female - - are in uniforms .
Scott Norberg , the man who will be killed on film , has blond hair , jeans , no shirt .
He is slumped down , back against a wall .
He looks confused .
It begins .
A fat guard with stupid eyes grabs Norberg 's foot , then drags him down a hall and into a cell , beyond the camera 's view .
A bullish female guard follows .
When she comes out of the cell a few seconds later , she is holstering a stun gun .
I have the impression she just fed Norberg a taste of the whip .
This proves to be only the wicked foreplay .
The fat snuffer rushes back into the cell , and from the way he moves , I can tell Norberg is on the floor , and the fat snuffer is going to grab him .
Other guards race down the hall and frantically huddle around the cell 's door .
The film is grainy monochrome .
I cannot see exactly what is happening to Norberg , but I know it 's not good .
Two male guards haul Norberg , who is now handcuffed , out of the cell and heave him onto his feet .
A female guard approaches , pushing a black steel chair with straps like tentacles .
I think of the torture museum in Amsterdam .
Norberg sees the chair and struggles .
The guards swarm and force him into the device , lashing his arms behind him .
They surround him , jostling like jackals on a carcass .
I see flashes from stun guns .
One guard wraps a white towel around the man 's face .
I watch in horror as he slowly suffocates .
Once Norberg is dead , some of the guards continue to circle him , excited .
Others walk away , wiping blood and sweat from their faces .
One goes to a sink and cleans her hands .
The last scene is of an inmate with a mop , swabbing the blood off the floor .
The snuff film 's title is a real grabber : Plaintiff 's Video .
It 's security - camera footage from inside the Madison Street Jail 's intake area , a.k.a. the Horseshoe .
It was recorded June 1 , 1996 .
Scott Norberg 's death - - murder , the way I see it -- became The Norberg Case , settled out of court in January for $ 8.25 million .
Maricopa County 's insurance carrier laid that number on the table after receiving a package from the Norberg family 's attorney , Mike Manning .
The package contained several items .
One was a video that contained taped depositions of witnesses and participants in Norberg 's killing , and a news clip of Sheriff Joe Arpaio being interviewed on the Today show .
Arpaio says " isolated incidents " a lot .
Also in the package were autopsy photos of Norberg 's battered corpse ( he had multiple bruises and contusions ; he had been burned with a stun gun at least 14 times ; his larynx had been cracked ) , a birthday letter Norberg had written to his father in July 1994 , and a remarkable legal brief authored by Manning , which includes a literal , blow - by - blow account of Norberg 's death at the hands -- and feet and stun guns -- of 14 jailers .
I have this same package , including the " Plaintiff 's Confidential Settlement Memo , " and I have read and viewed the tapes and letters and photos and the brief many times .
I am convinced it was Scott Norberg 's letter to his father -- or rather that letter juxtaposed against the damning snuff film and Manning 's devastating narrative -- that induced the insurance lawyers to cut a check and run .
The insurers did n't want this package in a jury 's hands .
They knew the jury , like me , would not identify with the killers in the snuff film , but with the blond - haired man with no shirt , trapped and terrified , about to die .
The blond - haired man who wrote eloquent , reminiscent birthday letters to his beloved father , Jaron .
I understand this most clearly when I read the two , the birthday letter and the jail chronology , as one .
Like this :
Dad :
The main reason for this letter is to wish you a very happy 57th birthday .
I remember when I was a kid how ancient 57 would have sounded to me .
Then again , 31 or 32 did n't sound much better and that 's where I find myself now .
At least 25 witnesses saw [ jailer ]
Gurney initiate what was to be a brutal , completely unprovoked and lethal attack upon Scott . . . .
Within 58 seconds of its beginning , 11 jailers were in or waiting outside of Tank 6 .
Scott was immediately stunned multiple times with stun guns .
I wrote Mike a couple of weeks ago and reminisced about his birthday on the day Apollo 11 landed on the moon , recalling how he and I had gone outside on our carport to see if we could see the guys on the moon .
Within 30 seconds
Scott was on his stomach with his hands cuffed behind his back .
Scott was repeatedly punched and kicked inside Tank 6 .
At least one jailer stood in the middle of his back .
They " jacked - up " Scott 's handcuffed hands up into the air behind him , until he yelled out in pain .
In wishing you a happy birthday , I want to say I just hope I can hang in there through these next 25 years as well as you have .
In 25 years I 'll be facing the 57 number myself .
As Scott was being beaten , he yelled such things as " What did I do ? "
" I did n't do anything wrong , " and " Please have patience . "
I cringe inside to think how much worse off I 'd be now without all your positive influence , teachings and early groundwork in my being .
A jailer standing at Scott 's head dragged him out of Tank 6 by pulling his handcuffed arms toward his head until he slid face forward down to the floor .
What I 'm trying , but probably failing to say is this :
You still are my point of reference for much of what I expect a man to be .
You still are my hero .
I look up to you .
I seek your pride and approval .
Once in the hallway . . .
Gurney pulled off Scott 's boots , and positioned his ankle bone to the floor and stomped on his ankle .
Other jailers kicked Scott , including Gurney and Douglas , who kicked Scott in the throat .
Many would say that fathers and sons have a love / hate relationship .
I 'd say it 's more like love / angst .
We 've had our run-ins and estrangements , but always the love .
Always the love .
Guards continued stunning Scott with their stun guns .
One guard , believed to be Spidell , stood on Scott 's head , and pushed it against the floor .
I unknowingly dragged you and mom with me as the cosigners of Consequence .
We all have the next 25 years for me to right my wrongs and rebuild our love .
Leg irons were placed on his left ankle .
So many good memories filled my mind when I thought of you and what I might write tonight .
. . .
Our good times .
Ways that you helped me discover life and my possibilities .
A Phoenix police officer who was booking a prisoner at the time of Scott 's beating testified that guards yelled such things as " How do you like it ? " and " You want some more of this ? "
First , you taught me there was a God .
You showed me how to believe .
You taught me the power of prayer .
Scott , on the other hand , yelled " Oh , God , help me . "
I remember hardly being able to wait until you came home from work so you and I could play together .
Jailer Gonder brought a steel restraint chair to the scene .
On referees and umpires [ you told me ] : " They 're doing their best .
Good ones even things up , and make up for bad calls .
Just play , do n't argue with them . "
Scott was lifted into the chair .
His handcuffed arms were placed over the back of the chair , so that the thin , hard steel of the back of the chair cut into his biceps and armpits .
At the same time , Spidell pulled Scott 's handcuffs backward and upward , bending Scott over at the waist .
After my concussion at McClintock my Jr. year , you were there for me and gave me a blessing in the ambulance / station wagon .
Walsh called for a towel to wrap around Scott 's face .
Listening to you play the piano .
Listening to you carry that bass line on hymns at Church .
Walsh held both ends of the towel tightly .
Inmate witnesses say Walsh pulled the towel around Scott 's neck , and used it to choke him .
Trying to read books from your library .
Learning the magic of books .
I remember : Leon Uris , Herman Wouk , Chaim Potok , John Steinbeck , Woodward and Bernstein , Fitzgerald , etc. , etc .
Jail surveillance tapes show the towel was wrapped around Scott 's face or neck for 4 minutes and 18 seconds .
Black Jelly Bean nights at our house .
Peanut M&Ms , Risk games , and albums playing on the stereo .
During that time , Musbach and a male jailer pushed their knees into Scott 's waist and groin .
Guards tried to bend Scott over in the chair until his head was forced to the level of his knees .
Your 35th birthday , candles that would n't blow out .
Gurney , Musbach and Spidell pushed Scott 's head down into his chest , and kept constant pressure on it .
Pretty good memories .
Musbach continued to intermittently stun Scott in the chest and abdomen with her stun gun .
Each application caused Scott 's abdomen and chest muscles to seize and contract , which interrupted his breathing and further robbed him of precious oxygen .
There 's so much more in my life that reminds me of you and makes me feel good inside .
As far as I can tell , we 've had a pretty awesome life as father and son .
Walsh warned Spidell , who was pushing down on Scott 's head , that she did not think Scott could breathe , and was turning purple .
Spidell admits he responded " Who gives a fuck ? "
On the surface , my self - portrait may now be muddled and marred .
But underneath await the colors of a masterpiece .
Beneath crude rock , a " David " is still breathing .
Love , Scott .
Scott gave one final , spastic kick , and fell limp .
Scott Norberg had drug problems , and no excuse for them .
He was an Eagle Scout and a high school football star .
He scored a full athletic scholarship to the University of Nebraska , where he started snorting coke like Scarface .
He bailed on Nebraska and became a Mormon missionary in Argentina to get clean .
Once back in Arizona , he caved in to coke again , then started doing crystal meth .
The day before he was killed , Norberg 's vehicle ran out of gas , and he tried to push his truck to a convenience store .
He collapsed in the parking lot and was taken by ambulance to an emergency room , where he was diagnosed with dehydration and abnormally low blood sugar .
This could well mean he had been up for days on speed .
He was released from the hospital , then arrested in Mesa four hours later , after police received reports of a delirious , hostile man wandering a neighborhood .
( After leaving the hospital , Norberg had gone to his former in - laws ' home , saying that he needed a blessing ; they had suggested he go see a Mormon bishop ; he was looking for that bishop when someone called the police . )
Norberg spoke gibberish to the police who approached him , and popped one of them in the head when he was being handcuffed .
At the Mesa police station , he shouted nonsense .
One officer testified that when he told Scott to shut up , Scott dropped to one knee , bowed and begged the cop 's forgiveness .
Basically , Norberg was wacked out of his head .
But -- and I want to nail this point , because Joe Arpaio has misrepresented it -- Norberg was not high on crystal meth at the time of his death .
He was transferred from Mesa to the county 's Madison Street Jail about midnight , and was killed 15 hours later .
Medical examiners found no meth in his blood system -- only in his urine .
Arpaio and his minions portrayed Norberg as a meth - crazed maniac with superhuman strength , hence the need for stun guns , the restraint chair , and 14 jailers beating the shit out of him .
Well , Arpaio either lied , or he's an ignorant punk .
Meth in your urine and not your blood means the tweak 's already been processed by your body .
The primary effects are gone ( toxicologists have confirmed this in Norberg 's case ) .
Scott was n't flying on meth in Madison Street , he was crashing .
This explains his confused , lethargic behavior , and suggests his strength was anything but superhuman .
Throughout the day in the Horseshoe -- and this is also on tape -- whenever the jailers would order prisoners to line up and march , Norberg would shuffle the wrong way , or simply sit down and put his head between his knees .
Guards started calling him " the Twilight Zone Man . "
Right before he was killed , Scott was sitting in a cell with about 30 other prisoners waiting to make court appearances ( keep in mind that for all of Arpaio 's swaggering rhetoric about getting tough on criminals , he runs county jails , not penitentiaries .
Most of the prisoners in his custody are being booked or awaiting trial ; they are presumed innocent ) .
According to Manning 's settlement brief , this is what happened next :
" Scott was sitting on the floor just inside the doorway .
His eyes were closed , and his head was bowed down .
He appeared to be asleep .
Jailer Kimbrough and then Musbach yelled Scott 's name , even though they both knew who he was .
" Scott did not respond to his name .
Gurney reached down and grabbed his shoulder .
Scott leaned forward slightly so that he could look behind him and see what was happening ; then Gurney unleashed his attack upon Scott .
Each of [ almost 30 ] eyewitnesses , including a court clerk , has either testified or told MCSO detectives that Gurney attacked Scott , and that Scott did nothing to provoke the attack .
" Gurney claims Scott jumped up and turned around ' menacingly ' when Gurney touched Scott 's shoulder .
The jail surveillance footage , however , exposes Gurney 's lie .
Although Scott is not visible because he is sitting just inside the door , the footage shows Gurney clearly bend over at the waist and rush in on Scott toward the floor . "
You already know what happened after that .
But you may not know that three months before Norberg was killed , the U.S. Department of Justice sent the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors a formal letter alerting the county that the abusive conditions and excessive force used inside the jails run by Joe Arpaio violated the Constitution .
You may not know that around the same time , Madison Street jailers gave similar treatment to a paraplegic named Richard Post , who had overflowed a toilet .
They strapped Post into a restraint chair ( which jailers used 600 times in a six - month period , including Norberg 's death ) and broke Post 's neck , costing him the use of his right arm .
Post 's lawsuit is still pending .
( See story on page 22 . )
Maricopa County Attorney Rick Romley fired up a criminal obstruction of justice investigation into the sheriff 's office 's handling of evidence in the Norberg case , but Romley passed the baton to the FBI because he said Arpaio was having him spied upon .
The FBI is also conducting a criminal investigation into Norberg 's killing .
To Joe Arpaio and the jailers who killed Norberg , I offer a lyric from Rage Against the Machine 's track " Wake Up " :
" How long ?
Not long .
Because what you reap is what you sow . "
Contact David Holthouse at his online address : dholthouse@newtimes.com
Domian 1LIVE / Facebook
Jürgen Domian musste sich schon allerlei seltsame Dinge anhören .
Mett - Liebhaber und Nylonstrumpfhosen - Fans sind nur ein Bruchteil der seltsamen Anrufer , mit denen sich Domian schon in seiner Sendung unterhalten hat .
Den wohl überraschendsten Anruf bekam Domian aber von jemandem , mit dem er niemals gerechnet hätte .
Der Anlass : Klaas Heufer - Umlauf wollte Domian mit dem Sonderpreis der „ 1 Live Krone “ überraschen .
Dazu hat er sich etwas Besonderes einfallen lassen und einfach mal bei Domians Sendung angerufen .
„ Hallo Domian , man , das ist ja aufregend “ , beginnt Klaas aka der 33 - jährige „ Klaus “ das Telefonat .
„ Mir geht es darum , dass ich das Gefühl habe , ich bekomme nicht genug Aufmerksamkeit in meinem Privatleben . “
Er fängt an , sich über seine Arbeitssituation zu beschweren .
„ Ich würde schon mal gerne mehr im Mittelpunkt stehen .
Ich tue auch einiges dafür , aber irgendwie passiert es nicht . “
Sein Arbeitskollege ziehe nämlich die ganze Aufmerksamkeit auf sich , sei größer und habe eine sympathische Lache : Joachim — in Wirklichkeit natürlich Joko Winterscheidt .
Hier könnt ihr sehen wie Klaas den Streich auflöst :
DIGG THIS
Governments do not have what I call primary or originary rights .
Only persons , taken one at a time , have these rights .
In the words of Thomas Jefferson in the Declaration of Independence :
" We hold these truths to be self - evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness . "
In Jefferson ’s theory , Persons have unalienable Rights , to Life , Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness .
If a Government has what appears to be rights , these are powers that are lodged in that Government by a voluntary agreement by those who choose to associate themselves with that Government .
I call those derivative rights or powers secondary rights .
Governments have no primary rights but only secondary rights .
Jefferson continued :
" —
That to secure these rights , Governments are instituted among Men , deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed … , "
This is a statement that the Governments have only secondary rights ( or just powers ) , not primary rights ; and these secondary rights stem from the voluntary agreement of the persons being governed , from the " consent of the governed . "
Jefferson either understood or proposed that such an agreement to form a Government had the purpose of securing the primary rights .
The purposes for which men choose Governments are actually many and complex , such as providing for the common defense and promoting the general Welfare .
However , later in the Declaration , Jefferson indicates that Government gains its secondary rights with the object of Safety and Happiness of the People .
This can be reconciled with Jefferson ’s idea that the overarching goal is to secure rights if we understand that he thought that securing rights is the road to attaining Safety and Happiness .
There are probably several reasons why Jefferson stressed the securing of rights .
One was that the intent of the Declaration was to gain Independence from an authority that was violating rights .
Jefferson also intended to limit Governments in their powers .
He wanted them to secure the rights of those whom they governed .
He believed that was their legitimate purpose .
He looked upon securing rights as the main purpose of Governments .
But here enter two very large gaps in Jefferson ’s theory .
The manner in which the Governed combine to become a People to be Governed and how this People provides its consent are critical processes , and the Declaration does n’t say how these are to be accomplished .
Jefferson apparently conceived of " the governed " as a body , because he refers to them as " the People , " and he speaks of " the Right of the People " :
" —
That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends , it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it , and to institute new Government , laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form , as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness . "
The important thing here is the notion of the People acting as a Body .
The Declaration says " We " hold these truths to be self - evident .
And it closes with
" We , therefore , the Representatives of the united States of America , in General Congress , Assembled , appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our intentions , do , in the Name , and by Authority of the good People of these Colonies , solemnly publish and declare … "
Jefferson and others conceived of a Representative Congress as a rightful voice for the People , itself deriving the right to speak for them by virtue of its members being Representatives .
The U.S. Constitution continues this concept by beginning with " We the People of the United States … "
The notion of " We the People " hides a critical weakness in this political theory of Government , which otherwise is extremely attractive in its affirmation of a person ’s rights and in its view of the derivative rights ( or powers ) of a Government .
The theory leaves unanswered two questions .
First , how do good People become a People ?
Second , how does a People provide its consent to a Government ?
Should n’t they logically become a People in such a way as to maintain their primary rights ?
Should n’t they logically provide their consent to a Government while maintaining their primary rights ?
They should .
Otherwise , the foundations of the theory are being contradicted .
Furthermore , there is another very important gap in the theory .
As time passes and new persons are born and grow to maturity , how do they exercise their rights to choose a People and a Government ?
Are they automatically deemed to be part of a People " under " a Government simply by virtue of living in the territory over which that Government claims autonomous rule ?
That can not be so , because that assumes they have made choices based on their rights , but such choices are not in evidence .
The newcomers do not make the fundamental choices of People and Government .
They merely make the choice of who is in Government , and even that is circumscribed .
Its form , its many laws , its taxes , its debts , and its powers lie well beyond their choices .
This leads me to conclude with a strong statement of political theory :
If a Government ’s justifiable powers or secondary rights stem from the People , then the processes of forming that People under that Government must be consistent with people possessing those primary rights while they form that Government and make themselves a People under that Government .
In addition , as time passes , the process of continuous affirmation or non-affirmation of belonging to a People and a Government must also honor the primary rights of newcomers .
If each person has the rights to life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness , and if each person is to maintain those absolute and complete rights , they must maintain them in all their choices .
This includes the two important choices alluded to :
With whom do I as a person choose to be associated so as to form a People ?
What Government do I as a person choose to be associated with ?
As applications of a person ’s basic primary rights , these two choices , of People and Government , are clearly exceedingly important .
Yet historically they have not been brought to the forefront .
They have not been clearly articulated .
They have been relegated to the background , and not even the background .
They have virtually been buried .
And I would hypothesize that the reason for this burial is that they are explosive questions .
They raise issues about the very legitimacy and proper powers of any Government whatsoever .
Governments and Government - sympathizers do not want their foundations to be questioned , and they will by all means ignore such questions as these .
A person may conceivably answer these questions by allowing his choice to be merged with the choices of others through voting , or through a majority rule , or through electing representatives .
These procedures already presume the amalgamation of persons into a People under a Government .
Such procedures are therefore by no means necessary .
They are not the only way that such choices can be made .
As modes of choice , they are deficient .
They do not fully and fundamentally allow persons as sovereign beings to choose their People and their Government , because the outcomes of the choices of each person depend on what everyone else chooses .
Imagine choosing one ’s place of worship ( or non-worship ) by majority rule .
It is really no choice at all .
And because these sorts of voting measures are not necessary as modes of choice , and fail even to reflect what each person wants , they cannot be assumed to be proper and appropriate measures .
Such measures as these cannot be taken for granted , although these are the measures that all Governments emphasize .
And with good reason , for these measures are the ones that subdue the minorities and ensure that a single Government will prevail .
But if we follow the logic of personal rights and step away from the various stories that are designed to legitimize the monopoly State , if we move our eyes away from those magicians among orators and intellectuals who divert us while they do their tricks to make us accept our subordinate and choiceless positions , or our positions diluted by means of voting , majority rule , and Representatives , then we realize this .
The only measure we can be sure that is essential when a person chooses a People and a Government is that each person must make his own choices , for that is the only procedure that maintains his or her primary rights .
This conclusion is the true revolutionary insight and result of the Jeffersonian thinking .
It is his thought carried to its logical conclusion .
And by this reasoning , we arrive at the political theory known as Panarchy .
The affirmation of those rights that Jefferson outlined for each person , combined with a consistent application of those rights when a person chooses a People and a Government , lead directly to Panarchy .
They are a foundation for it .
Panarchy , in the words of John Zube , is as follows .
" PANARCHY :
The realization of as many different and autonomous communities as are wanted by volunteers for themselves , all non-territorially coexisting , side by side and intermingled , as their members are , in the same territory or even world - wide and yet separated from each other by personal laws , administrations and jurisdiction , as different churches are or ought to be . "
In Panarchy , in the same way that persons choose friends , a club , a spouse , and a church , they choose a Community and a Government .
They are not automatically inducted into a Government and Laws that are not of their choosing , as is the case today .
And the Government that reigns over a given territory and People in today ’s world does not exist and cannot therefore , as it does today , prevent other Governments and Peoples from forming by the exercise of their primary rights .
Furthermore , the notion that today ’s States and Governments are legitimate is seen to be entirely fallacious .
The very foundations of their being are called into question by a thorough application of the Jeffersonian ideas of primary and secondary rights .
Indeed , we can now see even more clearly that the Governments of today , which are the operating arms of the States of this world , all of whom claim to rule uniquely over a People and a Territory , necessarily are violating the primary rights of all those People who prefer to choose another People and Government for themselves .
It is as if each person awoke to find himself or herself belonging to the Church of the U.S.A. , and the only way to register an alternative belief would be every so often to vote along with many others .
One ’s right to choose would be severely limited .
And would n’t it be far better simply to choose the church that one prefers ?
Would n’t that be a far more direct expression of one ’s preferences ?
One could at any time leave one church and join another .
Panarchy is that idea applied to Government .
The Panarchic choices can include choosing no People and Government whatever , or choosing a small group or community , or choosing what others may view as an oppressive Government with many and great powers over its People .
And since today ’s Governments , which are the visible workings of the world ’s States , violate primary rights and those rights ( following Jefferson ) are the means by which persons achieve Welfare , Safety , Security , and Happiness , then we can be certain that today ’s Governments reduce the Welfare , Safety , Security , and Happiness of great numbers of persons who do not voluntarily wish to associate themselves with those Governments .
The People under such Governments are by no means unanimous in their endorsement of those Governments .
Indeed , the Peoples of this world ( that is , great numbers of them ) ache to be out from under the authoritarian rule of most , if not all , Governments .
They have not yet found the means to accomplish that goal .
The theory of Panarchy is a step in that direction , and as people understand this theory and understand its inherent merit and why Panarchy enhances Well - Being , then the world will move in that direction .
We can be certain that in Panarchy , the Welfare , Safety , Security , and Happiness of Peoples will rise , because persons form and dissolve their own Peoples and Governments peacefully and bloodlessly .
And such an inference uses the same logic that now underlies the Declaration of Independence , which is that secure rights result in greater happiness , only that logic is now being consistently pursued in developing the theory of Panarchy .
In Panarchy , those who choose to have a Government like that of the current U.S.A. can have it .
But that sort of Government will exist beside many other possible Peoples and Governments in the regions now known as the U.S. , and it will have no secondary rights ( or powers ) over those other Peoples and Governments .
Since persons can choose a Government , they can choose to leave a Government .
They need only retain the option to exit in their choice of Government .
But persons actually cannot give up that option .
They cannot voluntarily give up their wills .
A person might commit himself to stay with a given Government , but there is no guarantee that he will live up to this commitment , the reason being that he cannot give up his will .
The Government cannot be sure that this commitment will not be broken in the future because it has no direct ownership of that person ’s will .
Therefore , exit is always hanging over the heads of those deputed with Governance functions .
Because people can exit and enter Governments freely , a pervasive system of checks and balances over Governments occurs in Panarchy , one that is far superior to what we witness today , which is a system that is dreadfully deficient and defective .
Panarchy is the true American revolutionary political system , in the spirit of Jefferson .
It ’s about time we realized this and put it into practice .
That is the only way that America has a chance to redeem itself .
That is the only way we have a chance to end Empire and get back to what America is really about .
That is the only way we have a chance once again to lift our heads in pride and not bow them in shame .
That is the only way we can again become a beacon that illuminates a progressive path for the world .
The Best of Michael S. Rozeff
What is it ?
How to use it ?
Is it free ?
Known Issues
Thanks
Version History
v1.6 - 2/9/2010 - New Icon by Edson Daquinta .
- Use vertex arrays for drawing , allowing many more particles on screen ( 4000 ) .
v1.5 - 10/1/2009 - Optimized draw and update code .
Should use less cpu . v1.4 - 4/4/2008 - More optimizations , in code and compiler flags .
Should give a 15 - 20 % performance boost .
- MipMap texturing .
- User can select up to 1700 particles now .
v1.32 - 7/12/2007 - Pressing any key toggles between full screen and windowed mode .
- Mouse is hidden when in full screen mode .
v1.31 - 19/10/2007 - Proper " world " resizing .
v1.3 - 24/08/2007 - User can set color now .
- new Icon. v1.2 - 8/07/2007 - Added Flip checkbox .
Lets simulation run as expected on newer macBooks .
v1.1 - 27/06/2007 - Proper gravity - Added Motion Blur - Settings are saved - New parameter " rigidness " makes patrticles more or less " bouncy " - Check for updates now optional .
v1.0 - 24/06/2007 - First Release
Media
Liquid mac requires a macintosh laptop computer with a sudden motion enabled sensor .
This includes MacBook family , MacBook Pro family , and some of the latest PowerBooks .
It mimics the behavior of liquid by creating a particle system that reacts to the computer 's orientation .
You can now get LiquidMac on your iPhone ; say hi to LiquidPhone Get in the AppStore Launch it and tilt gently your computer .
Play with the different parameters to get the desired effect .
It can also go to full screen .
Yes !
If you really want to , you can always contribute to my Pay - Pal account .
If you want to include it into any CD - ROM or other media to mass - distribute it , please email - me !
Not tested on all machines .
The liquid might move too slow / fast ; or not react at all to tilting .
LiquidMac uses the UniMotion library to retrieve the current orientation of the computer .
The World Bank and its partners need to do a far better job of considering the environmental effects of projects they finance in poor countries , its internal review group concludes in a new report .
The review , released Tuesday , examined some of the $ 400 billion in investments in nearly 7,000 projects from 1990 to 2007 .
It found that recent pledges for environmental sustainability by the bank and sister institutions , including the International Finance Corporation , were often not put into practice when dollars were turned into dams , pipelines , palm plantations and the like .
The report is available at worldbank.org /oed .
The authors of the 181 - page environmental report , the first by the bank ’s Independent Evaluation Group since 2002 , said it was crucial for the bank and its partners to intensify their focus on measurable environmental protection , given rising vulnerability to environmental risks and the increasing flow of financing for projects related to climate change .
“ They need to begin to see the inextricable link between sustaining environment and reducing poverty , ” Vinod Thomas , the director general of the evaluation group , said in an interview .
“ It is clear now from the Amazon to India that if environmental sustainability is not raised as a priority , then all bets are off . ”
Mr Bush had always planned to attend the Olympics , the White House said US President George W Bush will attend the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympics , the White House says .
Human rights groups and opposition politicians including presidential hopeful Barack Obama had urged Mr Bush to consider boycotting the ceremony .
Beijing 's rights record has come under intense scrutiny since Tibetan protests were suppressed in March .
Troops used force to quell the biggest anti-China demonstrations in Tibetan communities for two decades .
Beijing says rioters killed about 20 people in the unrest , but exiled Tibetan groups accuse security forces of killing scores of protesters .
' Supporting athletes '
The decision by the US president comes as a key symbolic victory for China and will please leaders and Olympic organisers there , says the BBC's James Reynolds in Beijing .
Some world leaders are missing the 8 August opening ceremony .
Germany 's Angela Merkel is not attending the Olympics .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown will be in Beijing for the closing ceremony only .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy says his attendance depends on progress in dialogue between Beijing and the Tibetan government - in - exile .
FROM JAMES REYNOLDS ' CHINA
Bush 's decision may come as a disappointment to two members of his own political party
James Reynolds , Beijing correspondent
Read James ' thoughts in full
While it was understood that Mr Bush would go to the Games , no firm plans for the opening had been revealed .
White House spokeswoman Dana Perino announced the US president 's decision in a statement .
" He believes he 's going to China to support first and foremost our athletes .
He sees this as a sporting competition , " she said .
Mr Bush and his wife , Laura , will meet Chinese President Hu Jintao as part of their visit to China , and also visit South Korea and Thailand , the White House said .
The US announcement comes days after senior envoys of Tibet 's exiled spiritual leader , the Dalai Lama , held a second round of talks with a Chinese official in Beijing .
The outcome of the discussions has not been revealed .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Consumer confidence may have increased slightly in July , but it is clear that consumers are still not very happy .
That 's according to the latest consumer confidence figures from the Conference Board reported Tuesday morning .
The Consumer Confidence Index stood at 51.9 , up from a revised 51 a month ago but still hovering near levels last seen more than a quarter - century ago .
The reading was described by the Conference Board as " very pessimistic . "
But you know what ?
Who cares ?
Consumer confidence is one of the most watched economic indicators , especially in tough times .
But it 's also one of the most bogus in my opinion .
Numbers that quantify confidence and sentiment are nebulous and touchy - feely to say the least .
What does it really mean that the latest Consumer Confidence Index reading is 51.9 ?
Confidence is an emotion , plain and simple .
And while it may be important to gauge how the consumer is feeling , it 's far more important to measure what the consumer is doing .
According to the last gross domestic product report , personal consumption expenditures rose 1.1 % in the first quarter .
We 'll find out how much they rose in the second quarter when the next GDP report comes out .
And many economists expect a bigger increase in consumer spending as a result of the tax rebate checks .
Consumer spending is what fuels the economy - not sentiment .
As long as people keep hitting the malls , even if they 're depressed by how much it costs to gas up the car to drive there and even more disheartened by how much more expensive everything is now compared to a year ago , that is what matters .
" The fact that retail sales have remained quite strong even though confidence is historically bad is interesting .
You would think sales would be way down , " said Jonathan Parker , professor of finance at Northwestern University 's Kellogg School of Management .
A contrarian indicator
In fact , if you look closely at consumer confidence numbers , you could make the argument that it 's actually a great contrarian indicator about what 's next for the economy and markets .
Even with July 's small rise in confidence , the last time the Conference Board 's consumer confidence figures were in a range this consistently low was in 1992 .
The economy was already out of the 1990 - 1991 recession at that point .
But it did n't feel like the recession was over yet .
Consumers were dealing with housing woes sparked by a severe banking crisis .
Oil prices were soaring .
And it was a presidential election year .
Sound familiar ?
And in case you forgot , the economy did n't fall into the Second Great Depression in 1993 .
Stocks were back on track and the economy was on much better footing .
The S&P 500 gained 7 % in 1993 while the Dow and Nasdaq both rose nearly 15 % .
The lesson ?
Sometimes you have to be brave when everyone else is fearful .
" Sentiment is horrible .
Consumer confidence is at an extremely low point , " said Henry " Hank " Smith , chief investment officer of Haverford Investments , a money management firm .
" But if you 're waiting for the coast to clear and headlines to get better , it will be too late . "
It 's also worth pointing out that consumer sentiment was at an all - time high in January 2000 ... just before the tech stock implosion that eventually helped lead to the 2001 recession .
And consumer confidence was also at a multi- year high in July 2007 , right before the credit markets took that turn for the worse that still has the economy reeling .
So what 's this all mean ?
It shows that consumer sentiment is not exactly an accurate predictor of the future .
In addition , it should come as no great surprise that confidence is low now .
With so many financial and general news stories these days focusing on how bad the economy is and how people are struggling to cope with high food and gas prices , a weakening job market and turmoil in the housing market , it 's no wonder that consumer sentiment is abysmal .
Over the top
But some argue that it is excessively so .
" There are actually some signs of life on the overall economic front .
If oil prices continue to fall , it will be like giving people a tax rebate .
The economy is more resilient than people give it credit for , " said Rafael Resendes , portfolio manager for the Toreador Large Cap Core Equity Fund .
Resendes describes himself as an investor that is starting to " nibble " in the consumer sector because he thinks the sell - off in many retailers has created some bargains .
By the same token , it was n't a shock that consumer sentiment was as high as it was in January 2000 .
Back then , consumers were n't worried that tech stocks were a bubble and that businesses would soon drastically cut their spending .
They were simply seeing tech stocks hit new highs every day .
The unbridled optimism back then matched the relentless pessimism many exhibit now .
Ditto for last summer .
The Dow surpassed 14,000 for the first time ever last July .
Consumers were n't sensing impending financial disaster and rising inflation pressures .
That 's because consumer confidence measures the present and not - so - distant past .
Yes , the Conference Board numbers include an expectations index .
But those expectations are certainly colored by what 's going on now .
So while consumer confidence may accurately reflect the tough times that many face currently , the report is not a crystal ball .
That 's why the consumer confidence numbers should n't necessarily be viewed as an ironclad indicator of much deeper economic woes ahead .
" When consumer confidence is this low , it 's probably not a sign of a top but a sign that we 're closer to a bottoming phase , " Smith said .
" It is one of the most lagging indicators there is . "
Issue # 1 - America's
Money :
All this week at noon ET , CNN explains how the weakening economy affects you .
Full coverage .
Have you had to raise cash this year for an unexpected expense ?
We 're looking for people who got the cash by doing one of the following :
Took out a home - equity loan , borrowed money from family or friends , borrowed against a retirement account such as a 401 ( k ) , sold a life - insurance policy .
Is that you ?
Drop us a line at realpeople@moneymail.com , and you may be spotlighted in Money magazine and on CNNMoney.com .
Please tell us why you needed the cash , how much cash you raised by doing it , when you did it and if you were happy with your decision .
Also please include your name , age , city , contact information and a recent family photo .
Mike Quigley Drinks Detroit Haterade
By Marcus Gilmer in Miscellaneous on Jul 23 , 2008 6:50 PM
We 're all getting over our excitement for the upcoming NHL Winter Classic on New Years Day .
Blackhawks versus Red Wings at Wrigley ?
Hell yes , we say .
But some of us are teeny bit more excited than others .
For example , Cook County Commissioner Mike Quigley .
Quigley put together a resolution declaring January 1 , 2009 as " Chicago Blackhawks Day " and designating Wrigleyville as an " Octopus - Free Zone . "
But our favorite part of the resolution ?
The clever Quigley tossed in a slam on the rival Red Wings by using red capital letters in the last line of the resolution that , when written out together , spell " DETROIT SUCKS . "
Buuuuurrrrrrn !
Your move , Detroit .
Sources | Medically Reviewed on 06/25/2020 Reviewed by Hansa D. Bhargava , MD on June 25 , 2020
IMAGES PROVIDED BY :
(1) Scott Camazine / Photo Researchers , Inc
(2) © 2007 Interactive Medical Media LLC .
All rights reserved .
(3) Photo courtesy of CDC
(4) Photo courtesy of CDC
(5) Photo courtesy of David O'Connor < Link : https://www.webmd.com/click?url=www.flickr.com/photos/[email protected ]/495658264/>
(6) Scott Camazine / Science Source
(7) Scott Camazine / Science Source
(8) Photo courtesy of Vickie Rauh
(9) Photo courtesy of CDC
( 10 ) A. Muraawski / National Geographic / Getty Images
( 11 ) © 2007 Interactive Medical Media LLC .
All rights reserved .
( 12 ) Andy Crawford / Dorling Kindersley / Getty Images
( 13 ) © 2007 Interactive Medical Media LLC .
All rights reserved .
( 14 ) Eric Delmar / iStockphoto
( 15 ) Courtesy of JK Keller < Link : https://www.webmd.com/click?url=https://www.c71123.com>
Courtesy of Peter Stott < Link : https://www.webmd.com/click?url=
https://www.stottphotography.com>
( 16 ) James H. Robinson / Photo Researchers , Inc .
( 17 ) © 2007 Matt Odom < Link : https://www.webmd.com/click?url=https://www.ataricharm.com/>
( 18 ) Dennis Kunkel Microscopy , Inc / Phototake --
All rights reserved .
( 19 ) Photo courtesy of Ryan Archer
( 20 ) Credit : Eye of Science / Photo Researchers , Inc
( 21 ) © 2007 Interactive Medical Media LLC .
All rights reserved .
( 22 ) Photo courtesy of CDC
( 23 ) Photo courtesy of Phil Pellitteri , University of Wisconsin
( 24 ) Photo courtesy of CDC
( 25 ) Photo courtesy of Armed Forces Pest Management Board
( 26 ) Warren Brooks / iStockphoto
( 27 ) Bryan Reynolds / Science Faction / Getty Images
( 28 ) Photo courtesy of CDC
( 29 ) Konrad Wothe / Minden Pictures / Getty Images
( 30 ) Photo courtesy of Jinah Ibraheem
REFERENCES :
National Institutes of Health web site .
Hardin Library for the Health Sciences , University of Iowa web site .
Tennessee Department of Agriculture web site .
The University of Minnesota web site .
Mayo Clinic web site .
University of California Agriculture and Natural Resources web site .
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention web site .
Texas A&M University Department of Entomology web site .
Missouri Department of Conservation web site : “ Chiggers ! ”
Ohio State University web site : Extension Fact Sheet : “ Chiggers . ”
When the H.R. director calls to rhetorically ask “ can you come to my office for a chat … right now , ” the conversation that follows rarely goes well .
When one gets that call , goes to the office , and then finds two uniformed officers waiting , that conversation almost certainly never goes well .
It sure did n’t for Steve .
“ You ’re Steve , Steve McDowan , ” asked the younger , clean - shaven officer with a buzz cut .
Steve nodded nervously .
The officer ruffled through his notepad and continued , “ that ’s Steve McDowan , at … let me see here …
4875 East Bridge Street ? ”
“ Uh huh , ” Steve replied , “ that ’s , um , me . ”
Sensing the quickly growing tension in the room , the H.R. director excused herself , leaving Steve and the two policemen sitting in her cramped office .
“ Let me ask you Steve , ” the young detective asked , “ how do you know William Cutter , aka ‘ Big Willie ’ , aka ‘ The Cutter ’ , aka ‘ Cut Man Bill ’ , aka — ” he paused and leaned in , “ Steve , are these names ringing a bell ? ”
“ Uhhh … , ” Steve hesitated , trying to jog his memory for every ‘ Bill ’ he knew , “ uhh , I , umm … err , no ? ”
“ Steve !
Come on now , ” the officer lit up , “ we know that you know him !
And we ’re pretty sure that you know exactly what happened to him !
All I ’m asking , Steve , is how … do … you … know … him .
What is your relation ? ”
“ Heh , ” Steve nervously chuckled , trying to lighten the air a bit , “ okay , I know this is cliché , but I think you ’ve got the wrong guy – ”
“ What , is this funny to you , Steve , ” the officer shouted , “ as I ’m sure you ’re well aware , Cutts was violently murdered just after he sold ten kilos of grade - A to someone , and you were the one who called him over and over and over that day .
Why , Steve ?
Were ya’ buyin’ ?
You ’re involved in this , and I ’m gonna find out how ! ”
Steve just blankly stared .
He was n’t quite sure what to say , but nonetheless managed to mumble , “ I , uhhh , do n’t , errrrr … know ? ”
The younger officer scowled , leaving the older , somewhat disheveled officer to speak .
“ Okay Steven , try to look at it from our side , ” he calmly explained , “ the phone records indicate that you called Mr. Cutter many , many times — ”
“ Yeah , ” the young cop interrupted , “ fifteen times in one day , Steve .
Fifteen times ! ”
The older detective cleared his throat , “ unless , of course , 520 - 833-0000 is n’t your cell number … but then again , you ’ve been paying the bill for a few years now . ”
Steve ’s mind raced to come up with an answer .
520-833-0000 certainly was n’t his number … but it sure sounded familiar .
Maybe it was an old number ?
Maybe it was a – and then it dawned on him .
“ Actually sir , ” Steve cautiously replied , fighting a quickly growing knot in his stomach , “ that number is my son’s . ”
As a father , learning that your teenage son might be involved in a murderous drug ring ranks pretty high on the list of experiences you do n’t want to have .
Almost immediately , a torrent of thoughts fills your head .
Did he really do it ?
How am I going to afford a lawyer ?
It ’s all that Derrick kid ’s fault !
What will I tell my boss ?
Oh my god , what will I tell my wife !?
Then , one by one , every hope and dream for your son quickly rots : goodbye graduation , hello visitation ; goodbye college , hello GED ; goodbye decent job , hello work release .
And finally , there ’s the fact that the people delivering this horrible news are n’t exactly the sympathetic type .
“ Well Steve , ” the young cop smirked , “ we ’re gonna need to take you and your son downtown for some further questioning .
I ’ve already told your boss that we ’ll be a while , so let ’s get going now . ”
What followed was the longest car ride Steve had ever taken .
Sitting in the caged back of their police cruiser , Steve and the two officers drove to his son ’s school .
Steve had absolutely no idea what he ’d say to his son .
Could he trust his son ?
He had been a bit distant lately , did that mean he was caught up this drug mess ?
Would his son trust him ?
When they finally arrived at the school , Steve waited in the car while the officers went in and escorted his son out .
Then , the four of them traveled to the downtown station .
The only noise that broke the complete silence was the occasional “ 647 reported on Broadway and Sterns ” over the radio .
“ Dad , what ’s going on , ” Steve ’s son whispered as they exited the police cruiser and walked in the station .
“ Well , ” Steve whispered back , “ these officers just want to chat for now . ”
Steve and his son were led into a small , windowless room with a few chairs , a table , and a large mirror .
The younger officer told them to stay put , and left the two alone for a few minutes .
“ Okay seriously , ” the son asked in half - concerned / half - jovial tone , “ what the heck is happening ? ”
“ Look , ” Steve replied , “ apparently , you ’ve been calling this drug guy , uhh , Big Willie , and now he ’s dead .
What I need to know right now is , do we need to get a lawyer .
That ’s it , yes or no . ”
He subtly gestured towards the large mirror .
“ Huh , lawyer , ” Steve ’s son responded defensively , “ what are you ?
Huh ?
Drug ?
Willie ?
What ? ”
“ Lawyer or no lawyer – that ’s all I need to know right now .
You need to tell me , we can figure this out , no matter what .
Just tell me — ”
Steve paused when he heard the door open .
The older officer looked at Steve .
“ Okay Steve , here ’s what we need to do .
I just want to chat with your son , alone , a few minutes , ” he glared at his younger partner , “ just me .
You can even watch .
And then , we can figure this whole thing out , and see what we need to do . ”
Steve looked at his son , who simply gave an approving shrug .
“ Okay , ” Steve said , “ five minutes , okay ? ”
The younger officer led Steve to the observation room .
As Steve watched the interview – a much gentler version of what he had gone through earlier – the younger officer watched Steve like a hawk .
A few minutes later , the interview was over .
The older cop joined Steve in the observation room .
“ Steve , ” the older cop sighed , “ we have a problem .
Your son is really insistent here that he never made these calls , but the phone records just do n’t lie .
He said he ’ll ‘ prove me wrong ’ by logging into the cell - phone website , but quite frankly , I ’ve heard that a hundred times .
I ’m just saying , this might get a bit ugly . ”
Steve , his son , and the two detectives walked over to a computer workstation .
Steve ’s son started typing away on the keyboard .
“ See , ” he said , “ here are the all calls I made .
I told you , I did n’t call this William guy .
It ’s not anywhere on my list ! ”
The two officers looked at each other , puzzled .
“ Hmmm , ” the older cop said , “ I think we better verify this with the phone company . ”
They called customer service , got transferred around several times , waited the requisite forty minutes on hold , and finally a tier - 3 tech support technician answered the phone .
“ Yes , ” the younger officer said into the speakerphone , “ I ’m investigating a homicide here and need to know , why are some outgoing calls not recorded for 520 - 833-0000 ?
We have a record of the incoming calls from that number … could someone be hacking into your computers or something ”
“ Ha , ” the technician snorted , “ no .
This happens sometimes .
If the calling party blocks their caller ID , it ’ll show up as 520 - 833-0000 instead of ten - zeros .
We ’re working on it ! ”
The two detectives glared at each other , flabbergasted .
“ We ’re uhh , ” the older officer stumbled , “ we ’d like to thank you for coming down , and apologize for any , umm , inconvenience . ”
The ride back was much less akward ... at least , for Steve and his son .
Last night 911 Truth.org hosted a conference call with Rep. Dennis Kucinich .
If you missed it , or would like to listen again and forward to friends , you can find it below .
In addition , NoLiesRadio.org will rebroadcast this conversation at 11 am Pacific Saturday .
Following are the questions we asked him , as well as the full transcript , with a few links and very brief commentary , which we ’re posting for convenience and further study .
We are grateful to Rep. Kucinich for his time with us , especially on the day he introduced a powerful Article of Impeachment against George Bush ; to Allan Rees of NoLiesRadio.org for recording the call and making available ; to Paul Deslauriers for organizing the call ; and we ’re grateful to all of you for listening , for submitting questions , and for your ongoing commitment to reclaiming our government !
At this time we most strongly encourage you to get on the phone , right now !
Call every member of the House Judiciary Committee , over and over , to demand hearings on impeachment and a vote out of Committee and onto the full House Floor immediately .
If your own Representative is a member of the Committee , double your efforts there .
If s/he ’s not a member , call anyway , and insist that they support this critical effort , cosponsor the bill , and work aggressively to push the Committee to move on this right away .
Full committee member contact information is available at http://judiciary.house.gov/about/members.html , and a call to the main Committee number can be made to 202- 225-3951 , or email sent via the Contact form at http://judiciary.house.gov/contact.aspx .
Nancy Pelosi indicated yesterday , ( in an abrupt about - face that leads many to wonder what political shenanigans are actually underway–perhaps Cindy Sheehan ’s challenge for Pelosi ’s office is having an effect ? ) , that “ the House Judiciary Committee may hold hearings . ”
I just spoke to a staffer in Rep. Conyers ’ office ( Chair of the Committee ) , who told me that committee hearings are being scheduled , though she ’s not sure whether it will get back out to the floor until Fall , after the upcoming recess ( August 11 - September 5 , per House.gov 2008 schedule ) .
Speaking of the upcoming recess —
They ’re going to be in their home districts campaigning during that time , which means you need to let them know you ’re paying attention , you demand accountability , and you VOTE !
This would be a great time for letters to the editor in local papers , thus informing other voters and asking them to also arrange meetings , and encouraging constituents to ask these Reps what the heck they ’re waiting for at EVERY campaign stop !
If we do n’t make this THE issue , they do n’t have to mention it … imagine , everywhere they go people are hounding them about immediate impeachment .
Really , what other issue is as crucial right now ?
Without a Constitutional Republic , the other issues about which we ’re all so passionate can’t even begin to be addressed .
Let ’s go !
Now , back to the call …
[ mp3 - jplayer tracks = ” https://911truth.org/911truthmedia/KucinichCallJuly08.mp3″ title= ” Grassroots Call with Kucinich July , 2008 ″ ]
Transcript ( Janice Matthews ’ preparation ) :
Introductory remarks by Rep. Dennis Kucinich re .
Impeachment Strategy :
The general strategy is that the Article has been introduced ; it deals specifically with what the President told the Congress in asking for approval to go to war and what the Article maintains is that the President deceived Congress with fabricated threats of Iraq weapons of mass destruction to fraudulently obtain support for the authorization of the use of force against Iraq .
Congress is going to have this presented to it again on Tuesday and I will move to have it referred to Committee ; I ’m going to be asking for a hearing in Judiciary , an opportunity to present my case .
I think it ’s really important that people need to understand this is about more than an article of impeachment –this is about us regaining control of our government that we have lost since 9/11 .
This impeachment resolution is grounded in fact — if you get a chance check it out , it ’s on the web or you can go to Kucinich.us and get a copy of it .
It ’s really important for people to become informed and then contact their member of congress to ask them to support the Resolution .
Paul Deslauriers , 911truth.org Question 1 : There are actually millions of Americans working to reclaim their government , whether the issue is impeachment , voter fraud , a new 9/11 investigation , or ending and preventing wars .
The American people seem to have no voice in their own government .
We ’ve been protesting , educating , presenting an impeachment petition with more than one million signatures , and there have been numerous polls that show all - time low support for Congress , the President , and the direction the country is going .
Given these facts , we have two questions : 1 ) What prevents members of Congress from taking the action they know is necessary and demanded by the people ?
For example , there are only seven cosponsors of your impeachment bill when we know that more Representatives should actually support it .
2 ) What is the single most powerful strategy to reclaim our government ?
Dennis Kucinich :
These are very good questions .
I think that what prevents Congress from moving forward is a sense of fear–fear of what do you do when you start to exercise power ?
I mean , think about it .
It ’s a classic story of a condition where people who have power are afraid to use it and then they forget that they have it and then when they ’re told to use it they do n’t know how .
This Article of Impeachment helps Congress regain its rightful role , not just as a co-equal branch of government , but the founding fathers provided Congress would be established first , in the sense it has a superior position .
We have to move away from this imperial presidency , away from a nation on a warpath , away from a reach for empire and military buildups and return to a more humble position in world affairs where we deal with the matters that people care about — their health , their housing , their education , their environment — but America ’s first going to have to go through a period of truth and reconciliation and I know that ’s what you ’re about , and that ’s why I appreciate an opportunity to speak with you .
RESOURCES : During the call , listeners were encouraged to check out these resources , to get involved in grassroots work : 911truth.org / Grassroots , international listing of groups ; www.truthaction.org, and www.wearechange.org
PD : You mention fear in Congress .
What is the primary thing generating that fear and how can we support and help alleviate that fear so they can take the proper action ?
DK : Encourage people to stand up .
People need encouragement .
People in Congress have come into an environment which is dramatically different than it was before 9/11 .
Let me give you an example .
Today , all over Capitol Hill you will see cameras , guard dogs , streets that turn into instant barricades — they actually fold up — guards with shotguns and automatic weapons and with sniper rifles that can fire hundreds of yards .
We ’re like a garrison state here .
That plays with people ’s heads and when that becomes ordinary , then it becomes ordinary to vote for FISA , ordinary to vote for the war , ordinary to look the other way when the President lies to take us into war , ordinary not to ask the kind of questions that need to be asked about what do we do to make this country more secure without going into war .
We ’re in a condition right now which is not conducive to democracy .
So in a very simple way , an article of impeachment gives us the ability to reclaim some of that power that belongs to the people .
It does n’t belong to these people that hold the offices and it certainly does n’t belong to the President to horde the power and pretend that somehow he ’s now a dictator or a monarch .
PD : You just described almost a police state in a way .
What is the most powerful strategy for us to reclaim our government ?
What is the primary thing you suggest we do as activists ?
DK : To practice being free every day .
That may sound trite , but to exercise the capacity of citizenship , to stand up and speak out in forums both large and small , to write that letter , to make the phone call , to meet with the Representative , to organize rallies , to bring people together , to have discussion groups .
To reclaim our sense of agency as citizens because that ’s a capacity , a quality that has been lost in the last seven years .
We can reclaim it .
It was lost , it can be reclaimed , but we can only do it through action , and in a sense we have to acquire a capacity for active thought , word and deed .
It can be done in a way that can be dedicated , it can be done in a way that ’s joyous , but it needs to be done .
We need to remember the ferment that caused the nation to be born .
And the nation is born and dies every day within each of us , depending on our inclination to challenge the status quo or to accept it .
PD : So you ’re saying grassroots activism is our most powerful tool ?
DK : That ’s what ’s going to save America .
Because what happens in Washington is , everything in Washington is now from the top down .
They ’re not paying enough attention to what ’s happening at that grassroots level .
But yet the grassroots activity in its totality has the ability to change Washington .
People who are in positions of power , if they lack a certain amount of humility , then secretly understand that they can be toppled very easily .
This system has a very fine line that supports its continuation and if people get involved and decide to change it they can do it .
And that ’s actually our inheritance as you read the Declaration of Independence .
If you do n’t like the system , you can change it .
Mike Berger , 911 Truth.org : Question 2 : You told Student Scholars for 911 Truth and have stated in radio interviews that “ because you can , you will ” hold hearings to examine the insider trading and the financial market anomalies connected to the 9/11 attacks which implied foreknowledge .
And you told Justin Martel of Student Scholars that you would have an announcement about these hearings last September .
Since you stated you would hold these hearings more than a year and a half ago , what prevents you from holding these hearings ?
And also , would you include in these hearings questions regarding the missing $ 2.3 trillion from the Pentagon budget which was announced by Donald Rumsfeld in a press conference the day before 9/11 ?
DK : First of all , of course I remember speaking to Justin .
The presidential campaign I was in quickly turned into a congressional campaign where I had to fight to stay in Congress .
I won that race in March .
Since then I have been working on these impeachment resolutions .
I have every intention of moving forward with a hearing or hearings on the matter of the stock options — that ’s something I ’ve been looking at for quite a while and gathering information .
I ’m hopeful to be able to do something before the election .
I do n’t want to make it just a matter for this campaign , it ’s a matter of seeking the truth .
I have a small subcommittee but I am absolutely determined to hold a hearing .
The only thing that prevents me from doing it is the limitations of staff and time , but I want to do this .
It ’s something that no one is telling me not to do .
I want to do it , I ’ve been gathering information , and I ’m always ready to receive more .
You ’ve just told me about that matter involving Rumsfeld ; I ca n’t say that I ’ve heard that before , but I ’m certainly interested in hearing what anyone has to offer .
I ’m the kind of person who is not afraid to ask the questions .
And I certainly have asked questions here in Washington that others have failed to and I will continue to do that .
And I look forward to working with you on some of the areas that we just talked about .
MB : I would like to offer our efforts in helping you , if you ’re short of staff .
We would be more than willing to help you in any way we could with time and volunteers .
I ’m certain we can do that if you would like our help .
DK : Here ’s what I ’d like you to do .
Look at the Domestic Policy Subcommittee of Congress , go to the web and look at it , (? ) the oversight .
I have one of the more active subcommittees .
We cover a range of things that come into our view .
While I ’ve been dealing with all the things you can look at , at the same time I have been meeting with people to talk about this issue of the stock transactions .
Because since the minute it happened I ’ve been interested .
And I ’m gathering information .
The hearing process is a long and drawn out one in terms of setting the stage for a hearing .
But it ’s my intention to have a hearing , certainly before this Congress runs its course .
And that is a commitment .
RESOURCES :
Here is one of the most important and accurate papers on insider trading preceding 9/11 : “ Unusual Option Market Activity and the Terrorist Attacks of September 11 , 2001 ” , by Allen Poteshman of the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign .
His paper is endorsed and referenced in “ The Hidden History of 9 - 11 ” , by Paul Zarembka , Professor Economics at SUNY , Buffalo .
The Student Scholars question Kucinich on insider trading and other topics
Download here .
Allan Giles , 911blogger.com – Question 3 : There are many questions about 9/11 that could have been answered long ago if the 9/11 Commission had proceeded in a more open manner .
The Commission turned over its records to the National Archives where they remain under a “ general restriction from public access on these records until 2009 ” .
(1) The National Archives website states that these materials are free from FOIA requests , “ Because the Commission was part of the legislative branch . ” (1) My question is :
Will your office write a Bill or Resolution that will make the public release of these records lawfully binding ?
It should be crafted to include a message to all government agencies to collaborate with , and aid , the Archives in its work .
It should also include text that will release physical evidence for public examination , so that the public can weigh the value of any proofs that the Commission used to draw their conclusions .
( This would include all Pentagon surveillance videos depicting the attack on the Pentagon ; all surveillance video that depicts the alleged hijackers boarding the aircraft that were used as missiles on 9/11 ; access to the debris from United 93 currently stored at the Iron Mountain facility in Boyers , Pennsylvania ; and , access to the steel recovered from the World Trade Center , currently stored in Hangar 17 at the JFK airport in NY . ) ( 2 )
DK : Well , first of all let me say that when the National Archives received the legal custody of the 9/11 Commission ( files ) in August 2004 , it set up through the Commission this restriction from public access .
I think that saying the Commission is part of the legislative branch is not appropriate and I think that , I would argue that these records should be subject to the Freedom of Information Act , particularly since there are so many contests about the viability of facts that were represented to the public .
And I certainly favor an open and transparent information process .
Wherever you have information not available , it ’s very easy to manipulate a public position .
So I would be happy to entertain the question that you raised about sponsoring a law that would open it up .
But what we ’d have to do , apparently , is amend the Federal Records
Act so that it would say that the Commission would be subject to the Freedom of Information Act .
I think it should be subject to the Freedom of Information Act .
Janice Matthews , 911 Truth.org Question
4 . We know that on 9/11 , Continuity of Government procedures were implemented .
Our question is , are we still operating under Continuity of Government or has it been lifted , and when ?
Is this the reason why Congress cannot do anything , because they literally have no power ?
Obviously — [ remainder of question unasked , because Kucinich jumped right in to answer this one : Even the Committee on Homeland Security , which has proper clearance , has been denied access to the detailed documents .
Has Congress been prohibited , legally , from talking about Continuity of Government ?
The American people deserve to know what structure of government we ’re living under , and we appreciate you clarifying this for us .
What do the American People need to do to restore co-equal branches of government , given this scenario ? ]
Well , Congress does have power and it is acting ; whether it ’s acting wisely is another question .
The President sent , a couple months ago , an executive order that continued the emergency that existed after , I believe it was after 9/11 .
The questions that have been raised about Continuity of Government are very serious because they relate to whether or not the President could take us into a state of emergency and essentially suspend the Constitution .
We need to know what the rules are here .
Members of Congress have made efforts to try to get the documents from the Administration that relate to the Continuity of Government ; they have not been able to obtain it .
This is something I ’m very concerned about , that I have followed , that I continue to follow up on .
I have the same concern .
If we had n’t seen this Administration take us into a war based on lies , suspend habeas corpus , attack the Fourth Amendment and many other provisions of the Constitution , then there ’d be no reason to be concerned about this provision of Continuity of Government .
But since they have done this and have shown a willingness to compromise the Constitution of the United States in very deep ways , we ’d better be very concerned .
And I think that Congress has to get the information of what the intentions are of this Administration with respect to the issues of Continuity of Government .
Continuity of Government should not be about a power grab .
If the nation is under some type of severe attack there has to be a way to continue to govern .
But Continuity of Government should not be used as a cover for an anti-democratic takeover of this nation .
And I ’m , I think that we have to be suspicious of this Administration ’s activities any time the President signs an Executive Order that seems to take steps in the direction of anti-democratic conduct .
JM : Is there something that we the people who are familiar with Continuity of Government planning and what that means can be doing to push our legislators to take more action ?
Even the Homeland Sec Committee , which has proper clearance , as you mentioned , was denied access .
What can we be doing to find out what ’s happening with that ?
DK : Well , I can tell you that I have spoken to members of Congress who have been even more involved in this than I have , and they ’ve told me they ’ve been stonewalled trying to get information out of the Administration .
When you have a Congress that is either unwilling or unable to enforce its subpoena powers , there are limitations there .
That ’s why the Articles of Impeachment become important , inasmuch as Congress reasserts it authority and causes the Administration to realize that they ’re within the reach of legal process when Congress demands information .
Right now the Bush Administration generally has ignored requests from Congress for detailed info about areas that relate to its administrative conduct and its enforcement of the law and its lack of enforcement of the laws .
JM : So we need to push them to act on those subpoenas ?
DK : Listen , all subpoenas , Congress ’s subpoena power relates to Congress ’s co-equality , its checks and balances .
The next article of impeachment could very well deal with the Administration not responding and obeying the subpoenas of Congress .
Congress has trouble getting information .
And when it does get info , we always see the admin is held in a very bad light because they ’ve been proceeding along a path that has either been anti-democratic , has undermined the Constitution , — new laws , or helped put money into the pockets of some special interest group .
So again , this is something that Congress is going to have to do .
It ’s Congress that has to get this information out that the Administration is holding with respect to their plans and their views on the issue of Continuity of Government .
I was the one who raised the question about posse comitatus , where the Administration clearly was taking a step that compromised the century - old prohibition on the use of the military in domestic affairs .
We ’ve got to realize that our Constitution is on the line every day in every way and Continuity of Government is just one .
I want to thank all of you for your vigilance , for your love of our country , because it really is love that motivates you .
To me it ’s an honor to work with you on any occasion , whether it ’s impeachment or trying to get to the truth of some of the issues you raise with respect to 9/11 .
I ca n’t tell you that , I ca n’t pretend that I know what happened there , but I can tell you that when we have questions it ’s our responsibility as Americans to ask questions and we should have a right as Americans to get information .
So I thank you for raising many issues today .
PD : One more question before you go , about whistleblowers .
Janice Matthews , Question 5 : I ’ll make it really quick then .
We ’re contacted by whistleblowers from military and intelligence agencies a lot .
We ’ve not been able to find anyone who ’s willing to help them , so I ’m asking you — for instance , I ’m currently in touch with a military intelligence officer who ’s being held in an institution in Georgia for two years with no hearing , no habeas corpus .
Where do we go with these whistleblowers which are numerous , not only about 9/11 but about a lot of other issues , and who do we contact and how can we get them help ?
DK : Whistleblowers are a special breed of people .
It takes a lot of courage .
People put their careers on the line .
They have a [ sense of ] moral responsibility to come forward to protect the public , and I think that we need to protect whistleblowers , we need to welcome them , we need to make sure they do n’t lose their job , we need to encourage people if information is being brought forward by their superiors , that they learn is not true , we need to reward them for bringing that info forward .
Currently we have an administration where whistleblowers are always in jeopardy .
If you stand up and speak out , the chances are you can lose your position , lose your job , lose your security .
So here again , we have to get rid of the fear in our society , have an open government , a transparent government , encourage people to have a place to come to .
I certainly have an open door to all those who want to bring information forward in confidence and protect them .
So we need to make sure that whistleblowers are protected .
We have n’t really done enough .
Congress has dealt with bills to protect whistleblowers over the years and people who blow the whistle on waste , fraud and abuse , or people who blow the whistle on corrupt practices , have to have protection , and the protection has to be total and complete .
Even when the laws are passed there are still ways to try to subvert it .
So I ’m always interested in a case where there ’s a whistleblowers at risk and whatever I can do to be of help to anyone who courageously stands up and courageously challenges our government .
It ’s an honor to do so .
JM : Thank you .
That ’s a real relief , and I ’ll be in touch !
DK : Thank you everyone .
We ’ll talk again .
Concluding Remark Summaries
Allan — 911Blogger.com
A couple other activism websites other than 911truth.org : Truthaction.org conducts an action on the 11th of every month , mostly 9/11 activists who get together and talk about what they think happened on 9/11 and carry signs and distribute literature , garner attention .
WeAreChange.org .
Another group of activists working to be the new media , a tough learning process but they ’re doing what they can to get the truth out on a variety of topics , notably 911 .
Paul :
Thanks to NoLiesRadio.org —
Allan is taping this so it will be available at his site , 911truth.org , and 911 blogger.com , with the questions posted .
Janice : Contacting every member of judiciary every day really seems to be in order .
Not only around impeachment hearing right now , but also perhaps pressing them to move forward with taking action on subpoenas —
Rove just thumbed his nose at a subpoena , it just continues .
I think I heard Rep Kucinich say members of Congress also need encouragement to be able to stand up .
We have to practice liberty every day by standing up and dissenting and encourage each other to do that , but also members of Congress .
So I ’ll post a link to Judiciary Committee with their phone numbers .
If you ’re a constituent , you have more power in contacting your Rep .
Form emails have little value , letters are better , phone calls are even better , visits to their office are best .
Now that they ’re coming home for summer recess , it ’s time to set appointments while they ’re in their home districts .
I would really encourage everyone to notch up their activism now — it ’s not just a matter of forwarding emails and reading Citizens for Legitimate Government headlines every day , it ’s time to really ramp that up , get some appointments set with them while they ’re home , calling every day — it takes two minutes to make the call but the tallies add up — it sounds to me like that ’s what they need to hear , there really are that many people behind this .
Also , he just said to us he ’s willing to hear from and assist whistleblowers .
That ’s the first time I ’ve ever been told that by a Congressperson or Senator .
We ’ve certainly been contacted by a lot ; we know there are a lot more out there , so we now have a door hopefully to help people .
If there are attorneys listening to the program who are willing to help whistleblowers , we ’ve got whistleblowers who need help , right now .
Habeas corpus has n’t only been lost for “ enemy combatants ” ; there are political prisoners all over the United States .
Many of you recently read the story of Susan Lindauer , who ’s been held four years now as “ delusional ” for saying she worked with the intelligence , when she actually DID work with intelligence !
There ’s another military intelligence member who has the same situation happening in Georgia right now .
Of people are listening they know someone or they ’re an attorney , and it sounds like even with a small staff , Dennis is willing to help .
So it seems like there are some things we can move forward on now .
NOTE : Anyone who ’s followed Sibel Edmonds ’ case ( excellent summary here ) is well aware that this is a significant problem .
Similarly , the Susan Lindauer case reveals she ’s only now getting help and hearings , after four years of harassment , custody , “ mental evaluation ” …
It appears increasingly clear that one way individuals who speak out and try to bring attention to various agency shortcomings ( failures ) are silenced is by being held as “ delusional ” in a system that allows no recourse .
While we ’re all looking at habeas corpus for non-citizens , we ’d better start looking at whether American citizens –even military and intelligence agency veterans–are included in that elusive “ enemy combatant ” category , and figure out ways to help them .
PD : 911truth.org / Grassroots has a lobby packet , with useful information on how to contact legislators and other helpful materials that are very useful for going to your Representative .
Meeting with them helps those who are fearful in federal government , and state government .
Feeling the support of more and more citizens behind them will give them the courage to confront what we must confront right now , tyranny .
JM : Continuity of Government —
We asked a question about Continuity of Government because this is a critically important issue .
Unfortunately , the vast majority of Americans have never heard of it .
Continuity of Government is planning for the continuity of government should we be attacked , in their words “ if DC is decapitated . ”
During the Cold planning was begun by Cheney and Rumsfeld in 1976 , even throughout the years they were not in office they continued with this planning .
Now it ’s gotten to a really secretive police state / martial law point and it would take almost nothing to have that kick off .
So at the risk of sounding alarming and “ sky is falling , ” that ’s where we are with that .
I will put links to incredibly good articles that have come out , The Final Roundup , by Christopher Ketcham and Peter Dale Scott ’s good work on that .
I encourage you to do some reading to find out the little bit we do know , then encourage Congress , particularly the Committee on Homeland Security , which has clearance to see the documents but has been not allowed to see them .
That ’s another call we need to make–
That we Americans demand to know what structure of government we ’re living under .
And when Bush issues national emergencies at will , what does that mean for us ?
What does it take for him to issue the Continuity of Government orders that take us to the next level ?
I feel strongly we need to be learning about that right now , immediately , and taking action .
( Adds details , market and analyst reaction )
WASHINGTON , July 15 ( Reuters ) - U.S. producer prices rose a far larger - than - expected 1.8 percent in June as energy costs soared , but core inflation at the producer level edged up just 0.2 percent , Labor Department data showed on Tuesday .
Economists polled by Reuters had expected producer prices -- a gauge of costs at the farm and factory gate -- to rise by 1.3 percent overall after a 1.4 percent increase in May .
Energy prices were up 6.0 percent in June , the largest gain since November 2007 .
The Labor Department said producer prices over the last 12 months were up 9.2 percent , the biggest increase since a 10.4 percent gain in June 1981 .
On year , energy prices were up 27 percent .
Core producer prices , which strip out volatile energy and food costs , increased by 0.2 percent , the same margin as in May .
Economists had expected core prices to rise 0.3 percent in June .
On a year - over - year basis , core prices were up 3.0 percent .
Financial markets mostly shrugged off the price data , focusing instead on news of weaker - than - expected U.S. retail sales in June .
U.S. Treasury bonds added to their gains , and interest rate futures showed that traders saw the chances of the Federal Reserve raising rates at its next meeting at a scant 5 percent .
Stock futures were little changed .
The Fed has slashed its key interest rate by 3.25 percentage points to 2 percent since September in several moves , but opted at its June meeting to keep rates on hold as it assessed the economic situation .
Despite the startling rise in producer prices , economists said it would be difficult for the central bank to raise rates to counter inflationary pressures at a time when the U.S. economy remained weak and global financial markets under stress .
“ When you see a massive financial meltdown on a global scale , it does make it quite hard for them to seriously talk about raising rates , ” said T.J. Marta , fixed - income strategist at RBC Capital Markets in New York .
by Shaula
I ’d like to congratulate Katy Quissell & Kim Mance on their launch this week of Galivanting , a brand new women ’s travel magazine and online community .
When I got started traveling this kind of information just did n’t exist online .
( Back then to get online you had to be a university scientist or work for the military , and you were dialing up by placing your rotary handset on an acoustic coupler . )
I remember going through the reference section of the library to find lists of government publications about studying and working abroad , mailing away for them , and then working my way through the bibliographies in those booklets to send away for more publications , ad infinitum .
( It is remarkable what you can find out if you are persistent . )
I wish I ’d had access to a site like Galivanting then , and I ’ll be keeping an eye on their site during this trip for their pointers to women - owned businesses , like the Chicago Chocolate Tour .
( I think that link may be enough for us to add Chicago to our itinerary . )
I aslo love the fact that , instead of being yet another condescending and fluffy magazine that ’s just a thin pretext to sell a mixture of insecurity and garbage products to women , Galivanting combines useful information with a refreshingly feminist perspective .
I have to thank them also for being the first big travel site to link back to us at Your Milage May Vary !
When I pointed out a few nits on the Galivanting guide to Canada , Kim not only made the corrections , she was also kind enough to give me credit and link to YMMV .
I ’m really impressed with their class and their responsiveness .
Thank you for the link love , ladies !
( If you are a new visitor arriving by way of Galivanting , welcome and please make yourself at home ! )
I ’ve done my best to put the gal into galivanting over the years myself , too : I feel like I ’ve found some kindred spirits .
I really wish Kim and Katy well , and I look forward to watching Galivanting develop .
Update I want to add that Galivanting pays for travel articles !
I know so many talented writers , especially bloggers , who make little or nothing but deserve to be paid for their work –if you ’re not a blogger , you might not appreciate just how exciting the prospect of paid work can be .
I ’ve already shared the news with some girlfriends who are traveling right now and they are all excited about submitting their stories and travel tips .
If you ’re a woman traveler , consider sending your travel advice for other women to Galivanting .
And yes , before anyone ( meaning Ian or Janet or my mom ) asks : I promise to send Galivanting some articles too .
Alexander Dymo
In Acunote we are heavily using fragment caching .
We cache whenever we can and whatever we can .
Sounds like a great idea to do ?
Well , almost ...
Sometimes caching hurts and here 's why .
Prehistory
Acunote is a project management tool and therefore the most prominent page in Acunote is the task list in the current sprint .
The page itself shows some information specific to the user who logged in and some information that is shared among the users within the user 's organization .
We can cache the shared part of the page in the fragment cache taking date and page filters into account .
The code roughly looks like this :
<%- cache ( : part => " #{filters}_#{DateUtils ::today} " ) do -%> <%= render : partial => '...' -%> <%- end -%>
Using filesystem caching store we end up having this ( simplified ) cache directory layout :
- organization1.acunote.com - sprints - show.part=filter1.date.cache - show.part=filter2.date.cache - show.part=filter3.date.cache - organization2.acunote.com - sprints - show.part=filter1.date.cache - show.part=filter2.date.cache - show.part=filter3.date.cache
Problem
Problems start when we try to expire caches .
We can't expire by url or by hash because we want to expire all cache parts ( for all possible filters and for all dates ) .
Therefore we use regexp :
expire_fragment(%r{show.part=.*} )
That turned into a problem in production .
The reason is that expire_fragment in Rails searches the whole cache directory recursively and removes files with names matching the regular expression .
On machines with local disks that 's usually fast , but on network filesystems or on shared disk cluster filesystems ( like GFS in our case ) stat'ing lots of files can be really slow .
To make things worse , the performance of stat call on GFS really depends on the phase of the moon or something like that ;)
Our logs showed that operations that would usually take less than a second took on occasion took 70 seconds !
They were so slow so I could actually log in to our production servers , find the process taking too much time to complete and attach strace to it .
Strace blessed me , immediately showing multiple stat 's for files in the cache directory .
Solution
Longer term we 'll switch to a more scalable fragment caching strategy .
There is a good reason why high - performance caches do not support fancy invalidation , and there are known way to code to their more restricted interface .
Meanwhile , immediate solution was really simple .
We only had to expire fragments in specific directories and to make that easier , I wrote a little extension to Rails ' fragment caching code :
module ActionController module Caching module Fragments
< span class = " c1 " > #dir is the cache path relative to the cache root </ span > < span class= " k " > def </ span > < span class= " nf " >expire_matched_fragment_in_dir</span>< span class= " p " >(</ span >< span class= " n " > dir </ span >< span class= " p " >,</ span > < span class= " n " > regexp </ span >< span class= " p " >,</ span > < span class= " n" > options </ span > < span class= " o " >=</ span > < span class = " kp " > nil </ span >< span class= " p " > ) </ span > < span class= " k " > return </ span > < span class= " k " > unless </ span > < span class= " n" > perform_caching </ span > < span class = " nb " > self </ span >< span class= " p " >.</ span >< span class = " nf " > class </ span>< span class= " p " >.</ span >< span class= " nf " > benchmark </ span >< span class= " p " >(</ span >< span class= " s2 " >" Expired fragments in dir matching : </ span >< span class= " si " >#{</ span >< span class= " n " > regexp </ span >< span class= " p " >.</ span >< span class = " nf " > source </ span >< span class= " si " >}</ span >< span class= " s2 " > " </ span >< span class= " p " > ) </ span > < span class= " k " > do</ span > < span class= " n" >fragment_cache_store </ span >< span class= " p " >.</ span >< span class= " nf " >delete_matched_in_dir</span >< span class= " p " >(</ span >< span class= " n " > dir </ span >< span class= " p " >,</ span > < span class= " n " > regexp </ span >< span class= " p " >,</ span > < span class= " n " > options < / span >< span class= " p " > ) </ span > < span class= " k " > end</ span > < span class= " k " > end</ span > < span class= " k " > class </ span > < span class= " nc " >UnthreadedFileStore</ span > < span class= " k " > def </ span > < span class= " nf " >delete_matched_in_dir</span>< span class= " p " >(</ span >< span class= " n " > dir </ span >< span class= " p " >,</ span > < span class= " n " > matcher </ span >< span class= " p " >,</ span > < span class= " n" > options </ span > < span class= " o " >=</ span > < span class = " kp " > nil </ span >< span class= " p " > ) </ span > < span class= " n " > path </ span > < span class= " o " >=</ span > < span class=" vi">@cache_path</span > < span class= " o " >+</ span > < span class= " n " > dir </ span > < span class= " k " > return </ span > < span class= " k " > unless < / span > < span class = " no " >
File </ span >< span class= " p " >.</ span >< span class = " nf " > exist ?</ span >< span class= " p " >(</ span >< span class= " n " > path < / span >< span class= " p " > ) </ span > < span class = " c1 " >#it 's ok to not have the cache dir </ span > < span class= " n " > search_dir </ span >< span class= " p " >(</ span >< span class= " n " > path < / span >< span class= " p " > ) </ span > < span class= " k " > do</ span > < span class= " o " >|</ span >< span class= " n " > f</ span >< span class= " o " >|</ span > < span class= " k " > if</ span > < span class= " n " >f</ span > < span class= " o " >=~</span> < span class= " n " > matcher </ span > < span class= " k " > begin </ span > < span class = " no " >
File </ span >< span class= " p " >.</ span >< span class = " nf " > delete < / span >< span class= " p " >(</ span >< span class= " n " > f</ span >< span class= " p " > )</ span > < span class= " k " > rescue </ span > < span class = " no " > SystemCallError</ span > < span class= " o " >=></ span > < span class= " n " >e</ span > < span class= " c1 " >#
If there 's no cache , then there 's nothing to complain about </ span > < span class= " k " > end </ span > < span class= " k " > end </ span > < span class= " k " > end </ span > < span class= " k " > end</ span > < span class= " k " > end </ span > < span class= " k " > end</ span >
end end
#include only if you use cache test plugin module Cosinux module FragmentCacheTest class TestStore def delete_matched_in_dir( dir , matcher , options = nil ) @deleted_matchers.push( matcher ) end end end end
Conclusions
Monitoring the performance of production application is sometimes even more important than profiling it on the development machines .
We already had monitoring system in place so we could detect when our application got slower , figure out the root cause and and fix the problem .
Another thing I highly recommend is of course strace .
You may indeed see that your application is doing something so weird you 'd never think of just looking at the code or at the profiler .
So , I now declare strace to be officially added into my own arsenal of invaluable profiling tools .
McCAIN IS TOO OLD TO BE PRESIDENT
As inspiring as a bar of cream cheese , as interesting as a broken clock , John McCain at any age would prove to be bad presidential candidate .
At age 72 , he is making his own case that he should have been put out to pasture years ago .
Even if you do n’t believe McCain is too old to serve , there is a growing perception that he is and it is this that may very well doom his candidacy .
A president , he will not be .
This is largely beyond his control and has nothing to do with his long life devoted to serving the United States .
He suffered and almost died fighting for America – something I readily admit I have no idea whether I would have been able to muster the guts to match – and he has spent the last quarter century in the halls of power fighting to make America safe and strong .
He is a vanishing breed in Washington – an honorable man .
Certainly more honorable than his opponent whose shamelessly wild swings toward the center done in order to obscure his wretched judgment on the importance and vital necessity of being able to leave Iraq with some sense of American honor proves Obama ’s overweening ambition and shocking lack of principle will not matter in November .
Perhaps because his supporters are too busy gloating they ca n’t see how their candidate has delivered a body blow to their entire critique of the Iraq War and in the process moved much closer to John McCain ’s position than any of them thought might have been possible even a couple of months ago .
Both McCain and Obama say they want “ victory ” in Iraq and that it is not only achievable but necessary .
Both say that Iraq is a front in the War on Terror ( McCain agrees with al - Qaeda that Iraq is the “ central front ” in the War on Terror while Obama says it is an “ important ” front ) .
Both say the surge has worked although for different reasons ( Obama ’s reasoning is more solid on this point ) .
Anyone care to revisit how our lefty friends see the war in Iraq ?
That it is “ unwinnable ? ”
That it is not a front in the War on Terror ( a war they believe is made up by Bush in order to have an excuse to grab dictatorial powers ) ?
That the surge did n’t work ?
Either their judgment is superior to Obama ’s or they are wrong and Obama is right .
Which is it ?
Maybe liberals can make all that disappear down the memory hole but I ’m doubting it .
Their own candidate has now abandoned them , hung them out to dry .
And after he is elected and finds his timetable idea a chimera , then perhaps we can get serious about removing our troops properly and in good order .
McCain ’s idea of semi- permanent bases will be abandoned but that may be a good thing .
In the end , our relationship with the Iraqis is just too complex and leaving a sizable force there for decades will probably cause unnecessary friction .
Any residual force , however , will probably be there at least 3 years and perhaps beyond that so get used to it my liberal friends .
None of this will prevent Barack Obama from becoming president .
As much as it pains me to contemplate the idea of this fakir sitting in the oval office , it might be even more damaging if John McCain were to somehow manage to pull the upset of the ages and win through to victory .
That ’s because I believe McCain is too old to be president .
Not in years – 72 is not too old for some .
For him , it is .
Time has passed him by .
Even when not making gaff after gaff he seems unsteady and confused at times .
And even
If you accept the explanation that McCain speaks off the cuff a lot and one ’s tongue is bound to get tied up at times and anyone ’s brain can experience a hiccup now and again , his fitness for office – fairly or unfairly – will be a major issue in the campaign .
Frankly , I do n’t see how he can defuse it .
The contrast alone with Obama ’s relative youth will make anything McCain tries a tough sell .
The last time the age issue cropped up was 1984 and Ronald Reagan ’s devastating one liner that took age off the table in the campaign permanently .
But the Gipper ’s opponent was Walter Mondale , no spring chicken himself .
McCain is fighting the growing perception of being too old while trying to minimize or dismiss the stark contrast between his own advancing years and Obama ’s seeming youthfulness .
Of course , the late night comics are having a field day with McCain ’s gaffe prone campaign , portraying the candidate as a confused old man and who can blame them ?
They have plenty of fodder to feast on .
Admittedly , the real impact that Leno et al have on voters may be slight .
But the constant belittling and denigration of McCain abilities due to his age are not helping to dispel the notion that McCain could n’t handle the job of president .
In this respect , the slightest doubt among voters about whether he is up to the job might be enough to sink his candidacy .
That ’s because , as Mike Allen and Jim Vandehei of Politico point out , almost everyone knows an oldster who is slipping away mentally :
The McCain campaign says Obama has had plenty of flubs of his own , including a reference to “ 57 states ” and a string of misstated place names during the primaries that Republicans gleefully sent around as YouTube links .
McCain aides point out that he spends much more time than Obama talking extemporaneously , taking questions from voters and reporters .
“ Being human and tripping over your tongue occasionally does n’t mean a thing , ” a top McCain official said .
But McCain ’s mistakes raise a serious , if uncomfortable question :
Are the gaffes the result of his age ?
And what could that mean in the Oval Office ?
Voters , thinking about their own relatives , can be expected to scrutinize McCain ’s debate performances for signs of slippage .
Every voter has a parent , grandparent or a friend whose mental acuity declined as they grew older .
It happens at different times for different people — and there is ample evidence many people in their 70s are as sharp and fit as ever .
To McCain supporters who point out quite rightly that Obama is a gaffe machine himself , I would answer that the context is different .
Obama gaffes cannot be construed as evidence of failing mental faculties .
In other words , it ’s not the gaffe itself that is the issue .
Obama ’s verbal faux pas reveal ignorance and inexperience – troubling for voters but not a deal breaker .
McCain ’s flubs raise questions of mental fitness .
And with every voter aware of the little red button that , when pushed , launches the missiles , they are bound to be much more concerned about a candidate who exhibits similar symptoms to people in their own lives who they have watched as age has taken them away via dementia or Alzheimer ’s disease .
McCain ’s performance on stage can be quite good at times .
At other times , he reminds me of the way my mother was just before she was diagnosed with Alzheimer ’s .
I am not saying McCain has Alzheimer ’s .
His doctors have given him a clean bill of health just recently when the candidate released his medical records – with a noticeable lack of psychiatric information .
McCain was trying to defuse his other health issue – a reoccurring melanoma that the doctors say should n’t pose a problem for him .
But diagnosing the diseases of age can be problematic .
Ronald Reagan did not have Alzheimer ’s his last years in office but sometimes behaved in a similar fashion to McCain .
Of course , it was less than six years after he left office that he informed the nation he was suffering from the disease that would eventually claim his life .
McCain could very well make it through 4 or even 8 years of office and not get any worse .
Will voters want to take that chance ?
I think it ’s a good bet they wo n’t .
The Obama campaign wo n’t even have to raise the issue because the press will do it for them .
And the judgment of voters about McCain ’s abilities , despite the many negatives of Obama and the real gamble people might believe his presidency would be , nevertheless seems certain to derail John McCain ’s ambition to be president .
Adobe 's announcement that Google and Yahoo ! will be indexing Flash content at a much deeper level was met with all sorts of reactions last week , ranging from praise from the Flash and Flex communities to utter shock and horror from some HTML fundamentalists expressing fear that the end was nigh .
Well , it appears that Google has already started using this new indexing system and some Flash developers are not happy by how much it is revealing about their applications .
Peter Elst , a prominent Flash developer ( diclaimer : and member of the Flash Pack on Pistach.io , of which I am a partner ) , just Twittered the following :
oh no , SWF indexing seems to do just as I feared -- already noticed Google was picking up my test Flash SEO swf but its now exposing URL's
And posted his concerns on his blog , wherein he quotes Ryan Stewart from Adobe on what exactly is getting indexed :
… it will move through the states of your application , get data from the server when your application normally would , and it will capture all of the text and data that you ’ve got inside of your Flash - based application .
Peter goes on to state why this could be dangerous :
The concern I have here is that URL requests to the backend will get indexed , those URLs getting exposed in search queries or spider bots hitting those URLs could cause issues .
Its not like in HTML content where the search engines can ignore form submit URLs , there is no such context in a HTTPService or URLRequest .
Do you remember the damage Google Web Accelerator caused when it started deleting data by following badly - coded links in web applications ?
The problem there was web developers using GET requests for non-idempotent operations such as deleting data .
It remains to be seen how zealous this indexing is with regards to following data calls from Flash and Flex applications and what , if any , side - effects this will have .
Peter also mentions that the SWF indexing is not opt - in but that 's a fact of life with search engines in general and not something that is unique to Flash content .
I am sure that this new indexer will follow the instructions in your robots .
txt file .
Unfortunately , Flash developers have also been harboring under a false sense of safety that because Flash bytecode is compiled , they can put sensitive information inside their SWF files .
I 've been warning about the dangers of doing this for years now but this latest development should hopefully help to educate Flash and Flex developers that anything they put in a SWF should be considered public information .
Previously , the only security afforded by the bytecode representation of SWF content was security by obscurity -- which we know is not security at all .
To quote Kristof , who posted a comment on Peter 's post :
Argh !
Google has actually started indexing my Flash Files and is revealing all the URL’s of the pictures in Flash .
But also the url ’s of the MP3 ’s I placed in Flash .
I was hoping Flash would conceal it - because now , anyone can download our music without paying for it .
I do n't know if Google is actually exposing URLs received from data calls or whether the URLs were hard - coded into the SWFs but , if the latter is true , than that information was always available to anyone with a decent SWF decompiler .
It was just a little harder to get to .
I 'd love to hear your thoughts .
How is the new SWF indexing feature of Google and Yahoo !
impacting your SWF applications ?
Leave a comment and let me know .
Hermes Spacecraft - Space Travel For The Masses
Hermes , named for the mythological Greek God of boundaries and the travelers who cross them , is a technological marvel loaded with some of Intel 's most advanced embedded chips including the Intel EP80579 Integrated Processor SOC product line and the Intel Atom processor Z5 xx series .
by Staff Writers
San Francisco CA ( SPX ) Aug 20 , 2008
Like many Americans coming of age during the time of the Apollo missions , Morris Jarvis dreamed of someday blasting off into space .
As a child he sat glued to the television set as man walked on the moon , and he later studied aerospace engineering in college .
Over the years Jarvis built countless models of spaceships , exhaustively studied the space shuttle program and even interviewed real astronauts and NASA engineers .
But even his friends and co-workers were a little surprised when in 1993 he stopped dreaming and started building a space shuttle in his garage in suburban Phoenix .
Jarvis founded Star Systems and began working evenings , weekends and vacations , even recruiting some of his engineering colleagues in his quest .
The result is a prototype of his Hermes Spacecraft , which is on public display for the first time at the Intel Developer Forum .
Morris and his team are building Hermes out of their own pockets and figure they need about $ 1.5 million to finish the test work and begin regular space flights .
The team is undertaking a grassroots fundraising effort to secure the remaining dollars as well as recruiting other " dreamers " for their mission .
" There is n't a geek out there who has n't dreamed of being an astronaut , " says Jarvis .
" We 're all dreamers . "
Hermes , named for the mythological Greek God of boundaries and the travelers who cross them , is a technological marvel loaded with some of Intel 's most advanced embedded chips including the Intel EP80579 Integrated Processor SOC product line and the Intel Atom processor Z5 xx series .
Intel technology powers most of the spacecraft 's data gathering , test and communications systems .
Other companies assisting the Hermes team include ADI Engineering , Dot Hill , GE Fanuc , MicroSun , and National Instruments .
Hermes ' first flight will be an unmanned , tethered flight at Utah 's Bonneville Salt Flats in October during which Morris will control the spacecraft from a remote cockpit on the ground .
Numerous sensors and computing systems will gather critical flight data and provide real - time feedback to Morris and his flight crew .
Once the tethered flights are completed , Hermes will be equipped with an engine pod so it can be flown like an airplane , unattached to the ground .
In the future , Hermes will be towed to about 113,000 feet above the earth by an ultra - high altitude helium balloon , then flown back to earth using the remote cockpit .
Finally , another test will be undertaken with an onboard pilot .
If all goes well , Morris and his colleagues plan to build a production version of Hermes and begin offering regular space flights .
" Hermes is built on the premise that anyone who wants to should be able to take a trip into space , " says Jarvis .
" We hope to provide trips for about the price of a new car . "
Market Fundamentals are Appalling
A fascinating discussion a few weeks ago in welling@weeden with Albert Edwards and James Montier of Société Générale is republished below with the necessary permission .
“ In the cacophony that is global investment strategy research , Albert Edwards ( below left ) and James Montier ( right ) stand out as clearly distinctive voices .
And not merely because of their British accents or because they ’ve tended to the decidedly bearish side of the scale over the last decade or so .
“ Despite long tenure in the rarified top echelons of the investment banking world , for many years with Dresdner Kleinwort and more recently at Société Générale ( where they are co-heads of global cross asset strategy ) both have managed to retain a natural plain - spoken bluntness .
“ Also large dollops of common sense and strong streaks of reflexive independence , which they employ in conveying their often invaluable insights on investment strategy .
In Albert ’s case , those spring mostly from his long experience in the dismal science of economics and in James ’ , from his explorations of the equally mysterious realms of behavioral neuroscience .
“ They are , in a word , skeptics , and at this juncture most deeply skeptical of any and all notions that ‘ the worst is over ’ .
The recession , which has barely begun , is more likely to be deep than shallow , market valuations are hideously expensive and the flation policymakers should be worried about starts with de- , not in -. ”
To find out their reasons , keep reading , if you dare .
Please click here for the full report .
It did n't matter what was wrong with me , be it a stomach upset or a rogue spot , the remedy prescribed by Senegalese friends was always the same .
Baobab fruit – and lots of it .
Usually it was administered in the form of a Senegalese smoothie , the fruit pulp mixed with water to make what is known in the local Wolof language as bouye .
The white drink delivered hints of velvety yoghurt with a flick of tart sherbet to the tongue .
And it was not only mighty tasty , it left Western anti-diarrhoea fixes , such as Imodium , lagging and was soon an ever - present item in my fridge .
The baobab fruit has three times as much vitamin C as an orange , 50 per cent more calcium than spinach and is a plentiful source of anti-oxidants , those disease - fighting molecules credited with helping reduce the risk of everything from cancer to heart disease .
Until recently , this super - fruit was off limits to British consumers , unless they fancied a shopping trip to Africa .
But now the baobab fruit has won approval from EU food regulators , expect it to be winging its way to a supermarket shelf near you .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The baobab tree is an integral part of the African landscape .
Nicknamed the " upside - down tree " , it looks like it has been planted on its head , with its roots sticking up into the air to produce a somewhat eerie silhouette .
Bush legends about the baobab abound .
One has it that the god Thora took a dislike to the baobab growing in his garden and promptly chucked it over the wall of paradise ; it landed below on earth , upside down but still alive , and continued to grow .
In another popular myth , the gods get so irritated by the vanity of the baobab , as it tosses it branches , flicks its flowers and brags to other creatures about its superlative beauty , that they uproot it and upend it to teach it a lesson in humility .
Today , many Africans refer to it as the " Tree of Life " , and it 's not hard to see why .
With a trunk that can grow up to 15 m in circumference , a single tree can hold up to 4,500 litres of water .
Fibres from the bark can be turned into rope and cloth ; fresh leaves are often eaten to boost the immune system ; and some hollowed - out trunks have been used to provide shelter for as many as 40 people .
And then , of course , there 's the fruit .
In Senegal – where the tree is such a part of the national psyche that it has given its name to one of the country 's most successful bands Orchestre Baobab – the idea of Europe suddenly discovering the plant amuses many .
But the scale of Europe 's appetite for the unusual fruit – with its hard nut - like shell and white , powdery pulp – could play a crucial role in improving the lives of millions of people across rural Africa .
People such as Andrew Mbaimbai , a fruit harvester in Malawi .
He and his family collect the gourd - like fruit – which dangles from the branches on long stems and resembles sleeping bats from a distance – along the shores of Lake Malawi , and he has been able to pay for schooling for his 15 - and 18 - year - old daughters with the income .
" It 's very good news .
We are still improving all the time , and I hope that we will have even bigger demand now and I might even be able to employ someone , " Mr Mbaimbai said .
A recent report by the UK - based Natural Resources Institute estimated that the trade in baobab fruit could be worth up to $ 1bn ( £ 500 m ) a year for African producers , employing more than 2.5 million households across the continent .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
However , before that could even begin to happen , the baobab needed to extend its reach beyond Africa and the key to that was winning what is known as Novel Foods approval from the European Union .
Since 1997 , foods not commonly eaten in the EU have had to be formally sanctioned before going on sale .
The baobab charge was led by the non-profit group PhytoTrade based in Johannesburg , which spent two years and more than £ 150,000 lobbying Brussels .
This month they finally saw the fruits of their labour .
" This approval unlocks massive opportunities for the very poorest rural communities where there are n't many income - generating options , " said PhytoTrade 's chief executive Gus Le Breton .
" We already have a couple of hundred tonnes of baobab fruit pulp that has been sitting in warehouses for the last year , just waiting for this moment . "
According to Mr Le Breton , the first baobab pulp could be in UK shops in less than three months .
In the next year , he expects to see major juice and smoothie companies rolling out their own baobab lines .
Cereal bars , biscuits and confectionery are other areas ripe for development .
And the euphoria is stretching across the continent from Lilongwe to Dakar .
" We 're delighted , what better news could there be ? " said Chris Dohse , the general manager of TreeCrops in the Malawian capital .
Oumar Dieme of Food Technology Institute in Senegal agreed : " It 's great news for us .
We hope we can profit from all the baobab trees across Senegal . "
One advantage to baobab harvesting is that there is no need for fancy start - up equipment .
All you need is a pair of hands .
And because the baobab is an indigenous plant , better placed to survive in arid climes , it is not expected to be as vulnerable to the ravages of climate change that Africa is expected to have to endure over the coming years .
Earning an income from the vegetation already in place also provides an incentive to rural communities not to rip up established plants in favour of whichever cash crop is in vogue and hence preserve the soil structure , according to some agriculture experts .
However , there are fears about making Africa 's resource sustainable , especially if demand rockets in Europe .
" We 're blessed with baobab trees , but if this fruit becomes Africa 's apple and goes global , which I believe it will , then we need to plant more trees , " said Mr Dohse of TreeCrops .
" And we need to start now . "
And the worry of not enough baobab fruit to go round is shared by ordinary Africans too .
" We 've been eating the fruit for years .
I grew up on it , so did my ancestors , " said a Dakar resident , Marie Manga , " and although I 'm glad the Europeans are going to get to try it , I do hope they leave some for us . "
African superfruits
Marula
Callled the elephant fruit , this round yellowy - green specimen looks like it could be a close relative of the plum .
The flesh has eight times more vitamin C than an orange , and the nut is also rich in minerals .
It is already the base for the South African liqueur Amarula , and according to PhytoTrade is set to be " one of the next big ones " .
Mongongo
Native to Zambia , Botswana , Namibia , the mongongo is rich in vitamin E .
The dry fruit is often steamed first to soften the skin .
Once the husk is removed , the edible red pulp can be used in jams and porridge , while the inner nut can be roasted or pressed for oil .
Some people prefer to let elephants do the shelling – the nuts can pass whole through the animal 's digestive tract and be collected from the dung .
Myths and medicine
* The trees are native to Africa but are also found in Australia and India .
* Baobabs can grow up to 30 m high and their trunks can be up to 15 m around .
One ancient tree in Zimbabwe is so large that 40 people can shelter inside .
Others have been turned into shops , prisons , bus shelters and bars .
* The trees are very difficult to kill .
If stripped of their bark , they simply form new bark and carry on growing .
Carbon dating has found some specimens to be at least 3,000 years old .
When they die , they rot from the inside and suddenly collapse .
* The trunk can store thousands of litres of water and elephants have been known to tear them apart to get to the moist wood .
* The gourd - like fruits , above , which are six to eight inches long , hang by long stems off the branch .
* Some people believe that if you pick a flower from a baobab tree you will be eaten by a lion .
But if you eat water in which baobab seeds have been soaked , you will be safe from a crocodile attack .
Co-author Jill Scott of Idaho National Laboratory with the laser - based optical and chemical imager ( LOCI ) , which was used to identify organic molecules lodged inside terrestrial jarosite samples .
Signs of life on Mars may be hiding under its rocks , orperhaps hiding inside those rocks .
A new study offers a simplifiedtechnique for detecting biological and pre-biotic molecules that become trappedinside minerals .
Studying seven samples of the mineraljarosite collected from various places on Earth , a group of researchers wasable to identify amino acids , the basic components of proteins , that hadpresumably been incorporated into the mineral 's crystal structure .
Although not the first time biological compounds have beendetected inside rock , the new method has the advantage that it works " atvery low concentration without prior sample preparation , " said NancyHinman of the University of Montana .
Hinman and her colleagues believe their technique would beperfect for looking at martian samples brought back from a future mission .
Minerals and microbes
Jarosite is a yellowish - brown sulfate mineral containingiron , potassium and hydroxide .
It is found in places around the world such assouthern California beaches and volcanic fields in New Zealand .
It forms onlyin the presence of highly acidic water .
In 2004 , jarositewas discovered on Mars by Opportunity , one of NASA 's Mars ExplorationRovers .
Scientists immediately heralded it as clear evidence for past wateron the red planet .
But there is something else about jarosite that makes itinteresting .
One of the steps in its formation involves combining pyrite ( ferrous sulfide ) with oxygen .
This oxidation reaction can be performed bycertain " rock - eating " microorganisms .
" The rate of the jarosite formation would be extremelyslow without microbes and the presence of water , " Hinman said .
Whether jarosite can form without the assistance of thesemicrobes is very difficult to say , since every corner of Earth is occupied bylittle bugs of some sort or another .
" I do n't know of any environment devoid ofmicroorganisms , " Hinman said .
" Earth is not a good test bed forabiotic processes . "
But perhaps Mars is .
There are theories for how jarositemight form in the absence of life .
" It 's a very oxidizingenvironment on Mars , " explained co-author Michelle Kotler , also fromthe University of Montana .
Jarosite could therefore arise from chemicalweathering of the planet 's abundant basalt rocks .
Garbage can
And yet , there remains the tantalizing possibility thatmartian jarosite owes its existence to the martian version of rock - eatingmicrobes .
If so , remnants of these organisms may be locked in the mineral .
This is because jarosite on Earth is known to let all sortsof foreign elements incorporate into its crystal structure .
" It 's a bit of a garbage can mineral , " Hinmansaid .
Among the foreign substances are organic compounds .
However , previous techniques for detecting them required that the jarosite be dissolvedin a solution or mixed in with some other medium , which dilutes the sample andruns the risk of introducing contamination .
" We are very concerned about contamination , " Hinman said .
Hinman and her colleagues have a technique that requires nosample preparation .
They use a laser - based optical and chemical imager ( LOCI ) , located in co-author Jill Scott 's lab at the Idaho National Laboratory .
Asingle laser shot vaporizes a small portion of the crystal surface intoindividual ions .
These pass through a mass spectrometer , which can identifyeach ion by how much mass and charge it has .
In four of the seven samples , the scientists detectedglycine , the smallest of the amino acids required for making proteins .
Sample return
" This study shows that a molecule basic to life can bedetected in an important martian mineral using an instrument that might fly ona future spacecraft , " said Carlton Allen , Astromaterials Curator at NASAJohnson Space Center .
But the method probably will not be suitable for anynear - term missions because of the mass and complexity of the LOCI instrument , said David Beaty , chief scientist of the Mars Exploration Directorate at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
Instead , the technique could be used for samplereturn missions that NASA researchers are currently planning for .
" The advantage of our method is that it does n't needsample preparation , " Kotler said .
" We just put the rock in themachine and shoot it . "
Not only can their technique identify organics , but it canalso measure the isotope ratios of carbon and other elements .
If the accuracycan be improved , this measurement could potentially tell researchers whetherthe organic molecules they find came from living things or not .
" There 's an advantage for organisms to use the lighterisotopes , " Kotler explained .
This shows up , for example , as a higherpercentage of the isotope carbon - 12 versus carbon - 13 in biological samples .
Although jarosite possibly may have provided martianbiomolecules safe haven from the planet 's harsh UV radiation , astrobiologists areinterested in studying a whole list of martian minerals .
" One thing that is becoming clear is that the totalscientific return on [ a samplereturn ] mission would be dependent on the diversity of the samplecollection , and it is important to plan for ways to optimize thatdiversity , " Beaty said .
There was a funeral the other day in the Midtown offices of Hachette , the book publisher , to mourn the passing of what it called a “ dear friend . ”
Nobody had actually died , except for a piece of technology , the cassette tape .
While the cassette was dumped long ago by the music industry , it has lived on among publishers of audio books .
Many people prefer cassettes because they make it easy to pick up in the same place where the listener left off , or to rewind in case a certain sentence is missed .
For Hachette , however , demand had slowed so much that it released its last book on cassette in June , with “ Sail , ” a novel by James Patterson and Howard Roughan .
The funeral at Hachette  an office party in the audio - book department  mirrored the broader demise of cassettes , which gave vinyl a run for its money before being eclipsed by the compact disc .
( The CD , too , is in rapid decline , thanks to Internet music stores , but that is a different story . )
Cassettes have limped along for some time , partly because of their usefulness in recording conversations or making a tape of favorite songs , say , for a girlfriend .
But sales of portable tape players , which peaked at 18 million in 1994 , sank to 480,000 in 2007 , according to the Consumer Electronics Association .
The group predicts that sales will taper to 86,000 in 2012 .
THE involvement of the Rockefeller family gives added piquancy to one of the two most significant shareholders - versus - board battles of this year 's proxy season .
( Carl Icahn 's proposal to replace the board of Yahoo ! is the other . )
Of the 78 adult direct descendants of John D. Rockefeller Jr , 72 have endorsed a resolution to split the jobs of chairman and chief executive at Exxon Mobil , which eventually emerged from the antitrust break - up of the family oil monopoly , Standard Oil .
Exxon strongly opposes the resolution and has tried to stem growing enthusiasm for it ahead of its annual meeting on May 28th by writing for a second time to shareholders urging them to vote no .
Last year the resolution won 40 % of the vote , up from 34 % in 2006 .
The endorsement of the Rockefellers ( who nowadays own only a tiny slice of Exxon , though it is the family 's biggest shareholding ) is raising hopes of breaking through the 50 % ceiling , as does the support of three of the leading firms that advise institutional shareholders on how to vote their proxies .
Particularly significant is the support of Proxy Governance Inc , a firm that has previously opposed resolutions to split the jobs of chairman and chief executive .
It gave warning that if Exxon continued its “ my way or the highway ” approach , it risked a “ shareholder revolt ” .
Even if it attracts over 50 % , the resolution is non-binding .
Yet it would be a hugely important result , says Robert Monks , a veteran corporate - governance activist who has proposed the resolution in each of the past six years .
( Oddly , in two of those years , the Securities and Exchange Commission backed Exxon 's decision to throw out the resolution , though the regulator has since realised that such pandering to management is out of step with today 's corporate - governance climate . )
Not only is Exxon America 's largest public company , with a stockmarket value of over $ 500 billion , it is also the most consistently hostile to shareholders , says Mr Monks .
As he describes in his entertaining new book , “ Corpocracy ” , its annual meeting is a vigorous exercise in doing the minimum required by the law .
Yet this year 's vote could be a “ turning - point in American corporate governance , ” he says , revelling in the prospect of America 's most important board “ facing a majority , or powerful minority of shareholders saying they want something — and not doing it . ”
Exxon says that its board is better placed than shareholders to determine its leadership structure , and that it wants Rex Tillerson to continue as both chairman and chief executive .
This is in keeping with general practice among big American public companies .
Over 60 % of the firms in the S&P 500 have a combined chairman and chief executive .
Around 25 % have a “ lead director ” who chairs the compensation and audit committees ( but Exxon does not ) .
Only 16 % have an independent director as chairman .
Contrast that with Britain , where over 95 % of public companies now split the two jobs , a shift that is generally agreed to have improved corporate governance and performance .
The involvement of the Rockefellers highlights the nonsensical nature of the complaint often made by opponents of shareholder rights — namely that shareholder resolutions tend to be the politically motivated work of activists and trade unions .
They are generous philanthropists , but the Rockefellers are no bleeding hearts .
Their support for the resolution is driven by a desire to maximise the long - term value of their Exxon shares .
“ Rex Tillerson is a good manager , the board is good , but too often when times are good , shareholders and management do n't look hard enough at their vulnerabilities , ” says Peter O'Neill , speaking for the family .
The Rockefellers worry that Exxon does not spend enough time analysing risks to the business , such as climate change and the need to replace reserves as countries are becoming more nationalistic about their natural resources .
“ The best way to ensure that all the scenarios are properly tested , to enhance Rex Tillerson 's ability to do his job , is to appoint an independent chairman . ”
July 8th , 2008 by Jeff Simmermon
You may have noticed D.Billy ’s name on a number of posts over the past few months .
He ’s not only a friend of mine , but a pretty awesome artist .
From the artist ’s statement on his website :
Using colorful media such as twisting balloons , party streamers , and artist tape , I have begun to add visual representations of sound effects to public spaces as a sort of dimensional graffiti .
After embellishing the found scenes and photographing the results , I leave my additions in place to engage passers - by for as long as the materials hold up .
For me , this process encourages a reexamination of surroundings and objects that are usually taken for granted , and injects a hint of the fantastical surreality that I have established in my other work .
Buy generic Lasix from India online at http://www.dresselstyn.com/site/lasix-furosemide-water-pills/ high quality guaranteed .
Or , at the very least , I hope someone thinks these things are kind of funny .
Here ’s some of his work :
More after the jump …
" Eureka ! "
Archimedes screamed , then he ran outside naked ...
Every high school physics student knows about Fourier ’s Law of Heat Conduction and Hooke ’s Law of Elasticity .
But not many know that Joseph Fourier lived inside a wooden box in his old age .
Or that Robert Hooke ’s arch - nemesis , Isaac Newton , hated him so much that he had Hooke ’s portrait removed from the Royal Society and tried to have his papers burned .
Imagine how much fun science class would ’ve been , had these been taught along side all those equations and formulas .
Well , now you can read about the interesting stuff that your school textbooks did n‘t bother to include .
In his latest book , Archimedes to Hawking : Laws of Science and the Great Minds Behind Them , Cliff Pickover takes some 40 eponymous laws of physics and explains the life of the scientists whom these laws are named after .
The book is far from a dry listing of scientific formulas - actually , it ’s full of quirky trivia and nifty facts about some of the world ’s greatest scientists .
Cliff has graciously allowed us to take samples from the book for this article and generously offer personalized copies of the book to 3 lucky Neatorama readers ( see below for details ) .
So , if you did n’t know that Archimedes sometimes sent his colleagues false theorems in order to trap them when they stole his ideas , or that Daniel Bernoulli ‘s father threw him out for winning a science competition , then this Neatorama post is for you .
Behold , the 5 Scientific Laws and the Scientists Behind Them ( no complicated math , we promise ! )
1. Archimedes ’ Principle of Buoyancy
The Law : According to Archimedes ’ principle , a body wholly or partially submerged in liquid is buoyed up by a force equal to the weight of the displaced liquid .
This buoyant force depends on the density of the liquid and the volume of the object , but not its shape .
The law seems simple , but it is actually not intuitive that objects with equal volume experience the same buoyant force when held under water : cubes made of cork and lead would experience the same buoyant force , yet would have completely different behavior .
This is because the different ratios of buoyant force to object weights .
Archimedes ’ Principle of Buoyancy has many applications , including determining the pressure of a liquid as a function of depth .
It helps us understand how floatation works and is one of the founding principles of hydrostatics .
The Famous Legend Behind the Law : One day , King Hieron II of Syracuse , Sicily , wanted to find out whether his wreath - shaped crown was actually made from pure gold .
He called upon Archimedes to find out ( without damaging the crown , say by melting it down ) .
Roman architect and engineer Marcus Vitruvius wrote :
While Archimedes was turning the problem over , he chanced to come to the place of bathing , and there , as he was sitting down in the tub , he noticed that the amount of water which flowed over the tub was equal to the amount by which his body was immersed .
This showed him means of solving the problem …
In his joy , he leapt out of the tub and , rushing naked toward his home , he cried out with a loud voice that he had found what he sought .
Archimedes was able to obtain the exact volume of the crown by dunking it in water and measuring the displaced water .
He then took the weight of the crown and divided it by its volume to get the density of the crown , which turned out to be between that of gold and silver .
Archimedes was thus able to show that the wreath was not made out of pure gold ( and the royal goldsmith was executed ) .
Modern scholars suggest that this story was bogus , as it would be unlikely that Archimedes had measuring equipment with sufficient accuracy to detect the difference ( plus , he hated to bathe - see below ) .
The Man Behind the Law : Archimedes of Syracuse ( 287-212 B.C. ) , was a Greek geometer and is often regarded as one of the greatest mathematicians and scientists who ever lived .
Here are a few things about Archimedes you may not know :
- Plutarch wrote that Archimedes was so obsessed with math that his servants had to force him to bathe , and that while they scrubbed him , he continued to draw geometrical figures on his body !
- Archimedes invented a machine called the Archimedean screw to pump water .
- He also invented a “ death ray ” weapon using a set of mirrors that focused sunlight on Roman ships , setting them on fire .
After many scientists discounted the story as false , David Wallace of MIT actually did the experiment :
He had his students build an oak replica of a Roman ship and focused sunlight on it using 127 mirrored tiles from a distance of 30 meters .
After ten minutes of exposure , the ship burst into flames !
- When the Romans captured Syracuse in 212 B.C. , a Roman soldier came upon the mathematician who was studying a mathematical diagram drawn in the sand .
Archimedes was annoyed by the soldier ’s interruption , and said “ Do n’t disturb my circles ” before he was killed .
Moral of the story : do n’t piss off a Roman soldier !
2. Hooke ’s Law of Elasticity
The Law : Hooke ’s Law of Elasticity states that if an object , such a spring , is elongated by some distance x , then the restoring force F exerted by the object is proportional to x :
The k is a constant called the spring constant if the object is a spring .
The Man Behind the Law : Robert Hooke ( 1635 - 1702 ) was an English physicist and polymath .
As you can see , Hooke was an ugly man ( he was severely disfigured by smallpox ) .
( Photo : Molecular Expressions : Science , Optics and You )
Here are a few things about Hooke you may not know :
- Robert Hooke was a sickly child and was n’t expected to reach adulthood , so his parents did n’t bother educating him .
Left to his own devices , Hooke made mechanical models and clocks .
- He was the first to coin the word “ cell ” to describe the basic unit of life ( he thought that plant cells , when magnified through a microscope , looked like “ cellula , ” the living quarters of monks ) .
- Hooke was a busy man : he was the Surveyor to the City of London , helped rebuild the city after the Great Fire in 1666 , and even designed the infamous Bethlem Royal Hospital ( “ Bedlam ” ) and the Royal College of Physicians .
- In 1672 , Hooke criticized Isaac Newton who used a prism to split white light into its various components .
Furious at Hooke , Newton had his portraits removed from the Royal Society and even attempted to burn his papers .
Hooke mentioned to Newton about a possible inverse - square principle of gravitation , but Newton did n’t credit Hooke when he published Principia Mathematica , saying " Merely because one says something might be so , it does not follow that it has been proved that it is . "
- Hooke was interested in the science of respiration , so he had himself placed in a sealed vessel from which air was gradually pumped out .
As you can imagine , the experiment was detrimental to Hooke ’s health : he damaged his ears and experienced deafness in the process .
- In 2006 , the Royal Society purchased a manuscript by Hooke for $ 1.75 million , in which he wrote 500 pages of notes recorded during Royal Society meetings .
In the notes , Hooke castigated Newton and Robert Boyle for stealing his ideas .
He also wrote that Dutch microscopist Anton van Leeuwenhoek found " a vast number of small animals in his Excrements which were most abounding when he was troubled with a Looseness and very few or none when he was well . "
3. Bernoulli's Law of Fluid Dynamics ( Bernoulli's Principle )
The Law : Imagine fluid flowing steadily through a pipe that carries it from the top to the bottom of a hillside .
The pressure of the liquid changes along the pipe , and Daniel Bernoulli discovered the law that relates the pressure , flow speed , and height for a fluid flowing in a pipe .
Today , this law is written as :
You may not be aware of Bernoulli's Law , but it has numerous applications in real life : Bernoulli's Law is used when designing the Venturi throat , a constricted region in the air passage of a car motor 's carburetor that causes a reduction in pressure , and in turn causes fuel vapor to be drawn out of the carburetor bowl .
The design of airplane wings take advantage of the knowledge we gleaned from Bernoulli's Law : these wings are designed to create an area of fast flowing air on its upper surface , which cause pressure near this area to drop and thus pull the wing upward .
Finally , we 've all experienced Bernoulli's Law in action : the shower curtain is pulled inward when water first comes out of the shower because the increase in water and air velocity inside the shower causes pressure to drop .
The pressure difference between the outside and inside of the curtain causes it to be sucked inward .
The Man Behind the Law : Daniel Bernoulli ( 1700 - 1782 ) was polymath that came from a family of extraordinary Swiss mathematicians .
In fact , his father , Johann Bernoulli , and his uncle , Jacob , were famous mathematicians .
Interestingly , both Daniel and his father Johann secretly studied mathematics against the wishes of their respective fathers .
Just as Johann 's father tried to force him into becoming a merchant , Johann did the same to Daniel .
Indeed , Johann had his son's future all mapped out , including whom to marry !
Finally , Daniel told his father that he'd had enough , and both of them came to a truce : Daniel would become a doctor and Johann would personally teach him math .
Here are a few things about Daniel Bernoulli you may not know :
- Johann had always been jealous of Daniel 's success .
In 1735 , after both the father and son tied for first place in a science competition held by the Paris Academy of Sciences , Johann was unable to bear the “ shame " of being comparable to his son and threw Daniel out of his house for winning the prize that he felt should 've been his alone !
- Daniel published his work on fluid physics in a book titled Hydrodynamica ( where we get the word " hydrodynamics " from ) in 1734 .
Johann became jealous of Daniel 's work and published his own plagiarized version , Hydraulica … and predated it to 1732 to make it seem that his work appeared before his son's !
- Daniel was a prolific author and wrote on whatever subjects struck his fancy .
One of his papers discussed the formula for computing the relationship between the number of oarsmen on a ship and the ship 's velocity .
In another paper , Daniel wrote what would become the basis of the economic theory of risk aversion and overall happiness gained from goods or services .
4. Dalton 's Law of Partial Pressures
The Law : Dalton 's Law of Partial Pressures states that the total pressure P t exerted by a mixture of gases in a container is equal to the sum of the separate pressures that each gases would exert if just that single gas occupied the entire volume of the container .
That may seem trivial , but it 's actually one of the more useful gas laws for scientists .
The Man Behind the Law : John Dalton ( 1766 - 1844 ) grew in a poor family , was a poor speaker , severely color - blind , and was even considered a crude or simple experimentalist .
Yet , he achieved significant professional successes and made great contributions to chemistry , meteorology , and physics .
In the early 19th century , Dalton developed the atomic theory , in which he proposed that each chemical element is composed of atoms of single , unique type and that though these atoms are indestructible , they can combine in simple ratios .
For this , many consider Dalton to be the " Father of Chemistry " .
Here are a few things about John Dalton you may not know :
- Legend has it that Dalton once bought his mother special stockings for her birthday .
The mother , a Quaker woman , was shocked that he would buy her scarlet stockings .
Dalton thought that they were blue , and asked his brother … who also saw them as blue !
At that point , he realized that both he and his brother were color blind .
- Dalton did the first systematic study of color blindness and wrote the very first paper on the subject .
In his honor , color blindness is sometimes called Daltonism .
- Since he was 21 , Dalton kept a detailed diary of the weather , and continued to update it until the very day of his death .
Dalton was so obsessed with records that he kept meticulous records of hits , misses , and other scores when he played the English game of lawn bowling !
- Dalton never married , saying " My head is too full of triangles , chymical process , and electrical experiments , etc. , to think much of marriage . "
- After his death , and according to his wishes , one of Dalton 's eyes was cut open to determine the cause of his color blindness ( Dalton had always thought that it was due to colored fluid inside his eyes - but that turned out not to be the case . )
In the 1990s , cellular analysis revealed that the eye lacked the pigment that provides sensitivity to green .
5. Fourier 's Law of Heat Conduction
The Law : Fourier 's Law of Heat Conduction deals with the transmission of heat in materials .
The law states that the heat flux , Q ( the flow of heat per unit area and per unit of time ) , is proportional to the gradient of the temperature difference .
Fourier 's Law is used in many diverse areas of science , and it explains why diamonds are cool to the touch ( they have high thermal conductivity ) .
The Man Behind the Law : Jean Baptiste Joseph Fourier ( 1768 - 1830 ) was a French mathematicians and Egyptologist .
Here are a few things about Fourier you may not know :
- When he was only 16 , Fourier discovered a new proof of Descartes ’ rule of signs .
His teenage achievement quickly became standard proof .
By the age of 21 , however , Fourier was in doubt whether he could ever make a significant contribution to mathematics .
He wrote to his professor " Yesterday was my 21st birthday , at that age Newton and Pascal had already acquired many claims to immortality . "
It ’s a good thing Fourier carried on !
- Instead of a career in science , young Fourier seriously considered being a priest .
Indeed , he arrived at the Benedictine abbey of St. Benoit - sur - Leoire to prepare for his vows , but left when he realized that he only had one true love : mathematics .
- During the French Revolution , Fourier tried to defend scientists like Antoine Lavoisier , the founder of modern chemistry .
Appeals to spare Lavoisier ’s life was cut short when the judge said “ The Republic has no need for geniuses ” and he was guillotined .
Afterwards , Fourier was thrown in prison but managed to escape death when the political climate changed .
- In his work on heat propagation in thin sheets of material , Fourier invented a very useful mathematical tool that would later become known as the Fourier Series .
Here , Fourier showed that any periodic function can be represented by a sum of simple sine and cosine oscillating functions .
- Fourier accompanied Napoleon to Egypt .
When he returned , Fourier had a strange medical condition : he was always cold and had to wear several overcoats , even in the heat of summer .
It ’s ironic to think that though he was an expert in heat transfer , Fourier was not good at regulating his own body heat !
- Global warming ?
Blame Fourier - he came up with the idea that the atmosphere acts as a “ translucent dome , ” which like a lid of a pot , absorbs some of the heat of the Sun and reradiates it downward to Earth .
- During his last months , Fourier ’s body was so frail that he would live inside a wooden box with holes cut out for his head and arms .
This “ living coffin ” would keep his body upright and let him work on his correspondence !
The article above is but a small selection of the amazing trivia and fascinating stories about some of the greatest names in science .
If you love science , or would like to instill the love of science to your children , pick up Cliff Pickover 's Archimedes to Hawking : Laws of Science and the Great Minds Behind Them .
You wo n't be disappointed
Links : Archimedes to Hawking Amazon page |
The book 's website | Cliff 's website
On a personal note , this article took way longer than I thought ( and I did n't even get to Stephen Hawking ! ) ... because I ended up reading Cliff 's book from cover to cover !
It was definitely an interesting read .
Now , like I mentioned above , Cliff has generously offered free copies of Archimedes to Hawking to Neatorama readers with the most interesting experience with science or funny personal story about a science class ...
Write yours in the comment section ; the best three will win a free personalized copy of Cliff 's book ( so make it good ! )
Nuclear Power Enables Scheduled North Pole Cruises for at Least Two Companies
July 17th , 2008 by Rod Adams
One of the reasons that I am so enthusiastic about nuclear fission technology is that it provides humans with the ability to accomplish tasks that would be impossible with any other power source .
As a former submarine engineer , I never fail to marvel at the fact that a volume of fuel small enough to fit under my office desk could power a ship for 15 - 30 years without even taking a breath .
Trying to compare nuclear capabilities with wind or solar power is like trying to compare Michael Jordan in his prime to a bench warmer on an elementary school basketball team .
I once saw an unforgettable documentary on A & E titled Icebreaker to the North Pole .
The film started off as a tale of heroic sacrifice and scientific exploration by two teams , one Canadian and one American , that traveled in partnership on board one icebreaking vessel from each country .
As the two diesel powered ships slogged their way through the ice , it was clear that they were operating near their design limits in terms of ice thickness and length of the journey due to on board fuel storage capacity .
Every time the ships encountered moderate ice , they had to pour on the throttle and send plumes of black diesel smoke out of their stack .
Since one of the experiments done during the trip was an investigation of the CO2 concentrations in the ice cores , there was some irony involved in seeing the emissions from the ship .
The second half of the story turned into a bit of a farce since the two western teams were met at the Pole by the Yamal , a Russian nuclear powered icebreaker that was able to churn through the ice almost as if it did not exist .
When the Yamal arrived at the North Pole , the passengers on the ship – a group of school aged dancers and singers – went out on the ice and provided a show for the cameras .
There was quite a contrast between the sense of struggle and hearty exploration by the scientists and the fact that the young dancers arrived with little difficulty and in comfortable surroundings .
Amusing side note – if you visit Amazon.com to purchase a copy of the Icebreaker to the North Pole video , you will note that one of the scientists who was on the journey wrote a review .
The comment sounds a lot like sour grapes to me :
Frankly the cuts from the children to the scientists trivializes the importance of the work being doen on the expedition for the sake of cuteness .
I was a participant in this expedition .
It was historic and deserves to be documented accordingly .
Unfortunately , this video is n’t it .
With nuclear power as a tool , it is now possible for anyone with a large enough checking account and about 16 days of available vacation to take the same journey that the school children took in 1994 .
In fact , there are at least two cruise lines operating North Pole cruises this summer including Poseidon Arctic Voyages and Quark Expeditions .
Quark Expeditions operates polar expeditions using specialized fleet of ships that travel to Antarctica , through the Northwest Passage and now , to the North Pole .
A trip that challenged explorers for years , the trip from Murmansk to the geographic North Pole can now be done on a comfortable , well appointed ship named 50 Years of Victory in about 4.5 days .
The maiden voyage of 50 Years of Victory took place from June 23 – July 7 , 2008 .
The passengers kept a blog of their travels , so you can read all about the polar bear sightings , the 5 course meals , the expert crew ( with as many as thirty years of experience on nuclear icebreakers ) , and reaching 90N on June 29 , 2008 .
You can also visit a photo library of the trip .
While browsing , notice that there is not a spec of smoke coming out of the stack , which is almost like an appendix for a nuclear powered ship .
Photo credit – 50 Years of Victory – Prisca Campbell , Quark Expeditions .
Used with permission , all rights reserved .
Related Posts
Should Ships Slow Down , Go Back to Sails , or Use Nuclear Fission ?
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The Senate Wednesday passed legislation meant to update the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) .
Mobile phones are one of the technologies that did not exist when the original FISA law was written .
The vote was 69 - 28 .
Below , CNN's National Security Producer Pam Benson explains what is in the bill , why the bill is controversial , how the bill may affect Americans ' civil liberties and why privacy advocates object to it .
Question :
What is the purpose of FISA and why is it being changed ?
Benson : FISA governs the way the United States gathers foreign intelligence through the interception of electronic communications .
The law was enacted in 1978 , partially in response to the intelligence community and other U.S. agencies spying on Vietnam anti-war protesters and other Americans .
The FISA law requires court orders when the target of any eavesdropping is an American citizen or individual living in the U.S. Warrants are not necessary if the target is overseas .
Watch Bush call the bill ' long overdue ' »
The law is considered outdated .
New technologies such as e-mail , the Internet , cell phones and fiber optics have dramatically changed communications .
The new technologies have raised legal issues that the original law did not address .
For instance , the U.S. intelligence community can target phone calls of an Iraqi citizen overseas , but that person 's call to someone in Pakistan might be routed through a telecommunications switch in the United States .
Under the current law , a FISA warrant would be required since the communication is passing through the U.S. [ Some say ] the current law unnecessarily slows down U.S. intelligence officials as they track foreigners .
The controversy over President Bush 's warrantless domestic eavesdropping program also prompted calls for change in the FISA law .
The so - called Terrorist Surveillance Program was ordered by the president after the 9/11 attacks .
It allowed for spying on the communications between U.S. residents and people overseas if it was believed one of the parties was linked to terrorism .
Telephone carriers now face lawsuits for assisting the government in eavesdropping on suspected terrorists after 9/11 .
The plaintiffs claim their privacy rights were violated when the companies provided communication records to the National Security Agency without a court warrant .
Question :
What are the key provisions in the FISA bill ?
Benson :
The bill explicitly establishes FISA as the exclusive means for authorizing electronic surveillance ; requires a court order for the surveillance of any targeted American , whether the person is in the United States or abroad ; [ and ] requires a secret court set up to oversee FISA issues to sign off on provisions for removing the name of any American inadvertently captured in a communication with a foreign target .
[ It ] prohibits reverse targeting , which is when intelligence officials eavesdrop on a foreigner 's communications overseas as a means to spy on someone in the United States , and sets up a procedure for federal judges to determine whether a telecommunications company can be sued for providing the intelligence community access to its networks without a court order .
Question :
Under the proposed FISA bill , can Americans be spied on without a court warrant ?
Are their civil liberties protected ?
Benson :
Under the new revised law , a warrant is required to spy on an American , including , for the first time , Americans who are abroad .
If the intelligence community should unintentionally intercept a phone call or an e-mail involving an American , the agency involved must get a warrant if the person is of interest or take steps to erase that person 's name from any report .
The court will annually review procedures for protecting communications , but it will not oversee individual cases .
Opponents claim this represents minimal court oversight and enables the government to spy on innocent Americans ' phone calls and e-mails .
The bill states that domestic electronic surveillance is authorized exclusively by the provisions of FISA .
This is an effort to prevent the president from secretly authorizing warrantless eavesdropping , which some lawmakers and civil rights groups claim violates the public 's Fourth Amendment protection against unreasonable searches .
However , the bill does not address President George Bush 's claim that he has Article 2 constitutional authority as the commander - in - chief to order such activity during times of war .
Question :
Will telecommunications firms be prosecuted for helping the intelligence community conduct no -warrant surveillance of Americans ?
Benson : Although the Bush administration had wanted the telephone providers who cooperated with the surveillance program to receive outright retroactive immunity , this bill sets up a process for judicial review .
A U.S. District Court judge hearing a pending case will determine whether the telecommunications provider received from the government letters which indicated the president had authorized the warrantless surveillance and that the program was considered lawful .
If so , the lawsuit will be thrown out .
Opponents argue this is a sham and say that the telecommunications are essentially being granted retroactive immunity because Mike McConnell , the director of national intelligence ( DNI ) , testified at a congressional hearing that all of the telephone carriers did receive government certifications .
Some Republican supporters have called this process a " formality " and even Democratic proponents indicate it is likely that most , if not all , of the cases against the telephone companies will be dismissed .
Question :
Will there be periodic reviews of the law ?
Benson :
The new law expires in 2012 , enabling the next administration to review the program .
In the meantime , the attorney general , the DNI and the inspectors general of the major intelligence agencies must provide periodic reviews of the surveillance program .
The bill also requires the inspectors general of the agencies involved in the president 's warrantless surveillance program to conduct a comprehensive review and issue an unclassified report to Congress within one year .
All About U.S. Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court • Espionage and Intelligence • National Security Agency
A man and a teenage boy were robbed early today when they showed up at a pre-arranged meeting in north Huntsville , police said .
They were not injured .
Police said Nicholas Garner and an unnamed teenager had arranged to meet someone at 3:35 a.m. on Eastbrook Circle .
When they got there , the man robbed them .
Add your name to the petition at Send Karl Rove to Jail.com
Chewing stimulates the nerves of the digestive system Chewing gum aids recovery from bowel surgery , mounting evidence suggests .
The latest work published in Archives of Surgery reviews data from five recent trials involving 158 patients .
Chewing gum appears to speed up the return of normal bowel function by stimulating nerves in the digestive system , say the UK report 's authors .
Trials are now needed to see if this , in turn , can reduce the recovery time needed in hospital , the London - based team from St Mary 's Hospital say .
In each study , a group of patients chewed sugarless gum three times per day following surgery for a period of five to 45 minutes and were compared with patients who did not chew gum .
Chewing is a bit like eating and it starts peristalsis , which is the movement of the bowel
An advisory nurse for Bowel Cancer UK Patients who chewed gum passed gas and had a bowel movement sooner than those who did not chew gum - signs that their bowel function returned sooner .
Any type of abdominal surgery can slow down or halt bowel function - a condition known as ileus , which can cause serious complications .
In four of the trials , the length of hospital stay after an operation was also a day shorter for the patients who chewed gum .
But the researchers say more work is needed to see if this is a direct link rather than a chance finding .
If chewing gum did reduce hospital stay , this could save the NHS millions of pounds , say the researchers , given that more than 31,000 bowel operations are carried out in England each year and an overnight stay in hospital costs the NHS around £ 200 .
An advisory nurse for Bowel Cancer UK said : " Chewing is a bit like eating and it starts peristalsis , which is the movement of the bowel .
" Ileus - when the bowel is slow to start working again - can occur after an operation , but it has become less common as surgery has become more refined .
" There is some evidence that chewing gum might help , but not enough that bowel surgery patients are routinely being advised to chew gum . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
November 21st , 2007
Relying on Tor for security / anonymity is as dumb as relying on proxy servers .
If you read the ugly truth , you already know that .
But , as usual , it ’s not that bad , it ’s worse .
Dan Egerstad , a Swedish security researcher , set up several Tor servers and used basic traffic analysis techniques to glean lots of foreign government email traffic that was just passing through .
Twits were sending clear text email via Tor. HAHA .
I know :
Tell me another one !
Tor makes it VERY easy to become the man in the middle .
Point , click and the next thing you know , total bozos will be compromising themselves in unimaginable ways because they think nobody is watching if they ’re using Tor .
Egerstad tried to warn the governments involved .
Iran was the only country to express any interest in the issue .
Predictably , within days of this information spewing across the Internet , Egerstad was arrested , interrogated and had his computers confiscated .
There are lots of stories about this situation out there , but look at this from heise - security :
Members of the Teamfurry community got curious and took a look at the advertised configurations of a few randomly selected TOR exit - nodes .
They stumbled on some extremely interesting results .
There are , for example , exit - nodes which only forward unencrypted versions of certain protocols .
One such node only accepts unencrypted IMAP and POP connections ( TCP ports 143 and 110 ) and only forwards messenger connections from AIM , Yahoo IM and MSN Messenger if they are received on ports on which traffic is handled as plain text .
The same procedure is applied to Telnet and VNC connections , used for remote access to systems .
Further , there are systems which are only interested in specific destinations and , for example , exclusively forward HTTP packets bound for MySpace and Google .
HTTPS traffic to these destinations is , however , blocked .
These peculiar configurations invite speculation as to why they are set up in this way .
The Teamfurry blog declines to go so far as to impute nefarious motives to these nodes .
Nevertheless , the report does raise the question of whether users should route personal data via such nodes .
It is certainly generally believed that Chinese , Russian and American government agencies operate TOR exit - nodes .
Large companies and illegal hacker groups are also thought to operate exit - nodes .
Looking through the list of TOR exit - nodes , it is striking that the number of exit - nodes in China and the US has increased disproportionately over the last year .
Tor exit nodes that only forward unencrypted traffic …
* chuckle *
You ’ve almost got to feel sorry for anyone who sends clear text data through that thing ( thinking it ’s secure ) .
The fact that several governments do it , apparently on purpose , is even more hilarious / frightening / absurd .
Do n’t work for the NSA ?
Set up some
Tor servers and you can run your own little ECHELON system .
For kids 8 and up only .
Research Credit : JD
Technology | Posted in Surveillance Top Of Page
By PatB
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
US - CERT , the organization absorbed into the United States Department of Homeland Security in 2004 , is keeping the Internet secure by coordinating the efforts of industry leaders and keeping those efforts top - secret .
Yesterday , the biggest companies on the Internet , including Cisco , Microsoft and Sun Microsystems , came to a decision on security and released patches for the DNS Internet Infrastructure designed to address a fundamental flaw in DNS .
This all occurred after a months - long secret collaboration session that included federal government officials .
Their patches address a flaw in DNS that could have allowed an attacker to impersonate any server on the Internet by poisoning a DNS cache .
What ’s more , this was relatively easy to do .
Luckily , the bad guys had n’t stumbled across the vulnerability yet .
And perhaps more amazing than the world ’s largest Internet companies collaborating with the government under a cone of silence is the level of integrity shown by security specialist Dan Kaminsky .
While Kaminsky could have sold the vulnerability to the bad guys for top dollar , he turned the information over to the US - CERT team for free .
Dan Kaminsky ’s
Web site is here and he has a free DNS - testing tool to check your company ’s DNS and Internet - provider vulnerability .
A majority of DNS providers are still at risk , but should be working on applying patches .
Brian Krebs , from the Washington Post , reports that Cox Communications is still vulnerable .
Verizon Fios , which serves my home in Virginia , is safe .
Details of the vulnerability remain murky .
One thing I can infer , however , is that part of this issue has to do with the fact that DNS is connectionless and unauthenticated .
It operates over UDP , which is designed to be fast , and works just like IP telephony and streaming video technologies .
When someone makes a request to look up the IP address of a Web site , like GeeksareSexy .
Net , their local DNS server is supposed to translate this name back into an IP address that a Web browser can understand .
It does so by shooting a UDP packet back to the requester .
The problem may lie with the fact that these DNS servers usually reply with a predictable port , which an attacker can guess and subsequently substitute a response of his own .
On Kaminsky ’s Web site , Doxpara.com , he suggests that one of the original designers of DNS was spot on when he had insisted that DNS responses should come from a randomized port .
“ All those years ago , Dan J. Bernstein was right : Source - port randomization should be standard on every name server in production use , ” Kaminsky wrote .
Kaminsky also goes on to describe what a huge deal this patch is .
It is not simple code replacement .
Rather , it is more like upgrading XP to Service Pack 2 or 3 .
“ To translate the fix strategy into a more familiar domain , imagine large chunks of Windows RPC went from anonymous to authenticated user only , or even all the way to admin only , ” Kaminsky wrote .
“ Or wait , just remember Windows XPSP2 .
This is a sledgehammer , by design .
It cuts off attack surface , without necessarily saying why . ”
So how safe is the Internet ?
While everyone was asleep , what kind of job did our government do to protect the Internet from failure ?
Kaminsky says things are just fine .
“ After an enormous and secret effort , we ’ve got fixes for all major platforms , all out on the same day .
This has not happened before .
Everything is genuinely under control , ” Kaminsky said .
I ’m pretty proud of what we accomplished here .
We got Windows .
We got Cisco IOS .
We got Nominum .
We got BIND 9 , and when we could n’t get BIND 8 , we got Yahoo , the biggest BIND 8 deployment we knew of , to publicly commit to abandoning it entirely .
It was a good day .
Happy patching everyone !
aliexpress-url-cleaner.user.js
2019-11-07 21:17 510 Display short copy / paste - able URLs for AliExpress items .
amazon-url-cleaner.user.js
2016-08-20 11:15 1.1K
Show the shortest possible URL for Amazon items .
craigslist - title-only.user.js 2012-12-23 21:33 696
Always search by title only , on CraigsList .
Everyone keyword stuffs the posts , anyway !
ebay- butler.user.js 2020-07-11 11:01 5.7 K
Rearrange various parts of eBay to be more readable and usable .
fixed - only - at- top.user.js 2019-11-22 22:04 1.9 K
Hide all fixed elements unless you 're scrolled to the top .
forum- archive -de-referencer.user.js 2012-12-23 21:33 522
If you end up at a searchable forum archive , automatically open the full version instead .
google - search - disable-people-also-searched-for.user.js 2018-06-07 15:39 1.3 K
Remove the people also search for overlay , when navigating back to Google search results .
google - search - right-click-fix.user.js 2018-07-25 16:11 2.2K
Do NOT re -write result URLs , so that a right click and copy address works .
greasebox.user.js 2017-09-26 09:57 6.0K
Inserts a lightbox into any website 's links to images .
Inspired by the Greased Lightbox script by Joe Lencioni .
hacker -news-mobile-skin.user.js
2019-10-06 17:23 733
Make the Hacker News UI touch - compatible .
hp-ilo2-web-start.user.js 2018-01-24 15:12 3.1K
Convert from < applet > to web start for old HP iLO .
imgur - minimal - gallery.user.js
2017-10-13 10:11 5.9 K
Turn gallery browsing via imgur into a clean minimal experience .
linkify - plus.user.js 2015-10-30 10:14 6.6K
Turn plain text URLs into links .
Supports http , https , ftp , email addresses .
mailinator - butler.user.js 2017-02-26 20:44 1.0 K
Make Mailinator easier to use , by linking the primary and alternate addresses , thus making them copyable via the context menu .
music-choice- volume- save.user.js
2020-09-11 10:52 1.0 K
Save and restore Music Choice volume slider across page loads .
newsblur-allow-wider-images.user.js 2017-02-26 20:44 654
Allow images ( especially web comics ) to be wider .
nzbget-enter-submit.user.js 2014-10-02 21:38 875
Enhance the NZBGet interface 's in page forms so that pressing enter will submit them .
programmers -textarea.user.js 2019-10-29 12:02 5.0 K
Add features for writing code in textareas .
Edit source to see and enable / disable features .
protect - textarea.user.js 2017-11-16 10:35 3.3K
Protect from closing or navigating away from a web page with changed textareas .
reddit- comment-expander.user.js 2018-07-24 15:24 1.3 K
Expand all comments .
Useful when your default expand threshold is high , for popular subs , but less popular subs mean you need to expand all of the ( very few ) comments to see them .
reddit - no - link - tracking.user.js 2017-02-26 20:45 505
Remove outbound link tracking on Reddit .
search-accessibility.user.js 2012-12-23 21:33 1.2K
Enhance Google and Yahoo search results to be accessible from the keyboard .
search - with - google.user.js
2019-09-22 13:08 691
Search for the current selection , on Google .
slash - search.user.js
2018-06-07 15:17 1.2K
For ( nearly ) all websites , make forward slash a hotkey to focus the search box .
strip-utm-tracking.user.js 2019-06-28 09:30 684
Remove utm_ parameters from the query string , used by Google Analytics .
submit-in-select.user.js 2012-12-23 21:33 893
Submits a form when a select box is focused and you press enter .
tvheadend-localstorage.user.js 2019-11-22 22:07 3.6 K
The Tvheadend app stores data in cookies .
Too much .
Use LocalStorage instead for better efficiency .
twitch-popout-only.user.js 2020-03-12 12:39 1.1 K
Rather than navigating to the Twitch player page , pop out a small player window instead .
Ctrl - click to open the full player page ( in a new tab ) .
Semiconductor companies are rushing into the solar power business faster than a Pentium - driven computer , promising to turn a niche form of renewable energy into a mass - market product .
Since May , computer powerhouses Intel ( INTC ) , IBM ( IBM ) and National Semiconductor ( NSM ) have barreled into solar energy , joining hundreds of fellow technology mainstays .
Virtually every chipmaker is weighing a solar play , says Rhone Resch , head of the Solar Energy Industries Association .
" We have a classic Silicon Valley land rush , " says T.J. Rodgers , CEO of Cypress Semiconductor ( CY ) , which owns 56 % of SunPower .
Drawing the stalwarts is solar 's 40 % annual growth , says Gartner analyst Jim Hines .
The 50 - year - old chip business is expanding only about 5 % annually after years of torrid growth .
Like the computer chip , solar cells use silicon or another semiconducter as a basic part .
By replicating the chip industry 's high - volume automated manufacturing , tech companies can deliver solar at prices competitive with grid power faster than the industry 's current 2010 - 15 target , he says .
Among the entrants :
•IBM .
The computer giant in May unveiled a breakthrough concentrated photovoltaic ( CPV ) system that magnifies sunlight to 10 times the energy from today 's CPV units , cutting the number of solar panels needed .
A liquid metal absorbs heat so the semiconductor does n't melt , technology IBM developed to cool high - power computer chips .
IBM last month announced a new technique for thin - film solar — which uses 1 % of the semiconductor in standard panels — to cut costs and boost efficiency .
IBM says it will license both technologies .
• Intel .
The No. 1 chipmaker this month said it 's investing $ 38 million in German solar panel maker Sulfurcell .
That followed the June spinoff of its own fledgling solar unit .
• National Semiconductor .
The chip giant last month said its new technology can boost energy output in solar panels by minimizing losses from shade .
It drew from its expertise in power management in cellphones .
Executive Ralph Muenster wants to make passive solar systems " smarter . "
Some techies are already on a path to solar riches .
Applied Materials ' machines turn out giant glass panels for thin - film solar makers , shaving production and set - up costs .
It used the same devices to cut flat - panel TV costs .
By 2010 , 25 % of revenue will come from solar , chief technology officer Mark Pinto says .
Cypress has automated SunPower 's previously outdated factories .
It 's now churning out 300,000 solar panels a quarter , up from hundreds , and solar comprises 50 % of Cypress ' sales .
" We just showed them how to make millions of them cheap , " Rodgers says .
滅多にないとは思うけどiPhoneでもWebサイトをオフラインで読みたいことがあるかもしれない。
そんなときはメールしてしまえ。Safariで印刷ダイアログの左下にあるPDFのメニューの中には「Mail PDF 」なんて素敵な機能が隠れてる。作成したPDFをiPhone（iPod touch）で取得しているメールアドレスにPDFをメールしてしまえばいい。
リンクは動かないしページ単位で切られちゃってるけど、それなりに使えるはず。
i Phoneのメールクライアントは横画面のインターフェイスがないけれど、添付ファイルビュアーは横画面に対応している。
PDF を読んでいると、iPhone（iPod touch）の文書リーダー機能の高さに驚く。情報量の大きなページが十分読めるんだよね。要素に応じた拡大縮小機能を持っているSafariと比較すると見劣りするのも事実ではあるのだけどね。
実はこの方法、iPod touch のOS 1.1でも使える。日本語さえなければ。
i Phone OS 2.xではPDFビュアー用の日本語フォントがある程度充実しているのでフォントを埋め込んでいない軽いPDFもきちんと見ることができるようになったってことなんだ。
i Phoneに はPDF Readerってないな。そういえば。どうやってファイル持ってくるよ、って問題があるからなんだろうけど、それこそクラウド使うといいか？Google App Engineとかに放り投げちゃえばいいんだよね＜それは違うだろ。
i Phone Tipsまとめ読み
It 's a week early , but a handful of people are already in line at the 5th Ave .
NYC Apple Store for the new iPhone 3G , which goes on sale next Friday , July 11 .
Engadget :
Right now , about ten people have started a line outside of Apple 's flagship store on 5th Avenue in New York .
Word is that the family at the head of the queue are attempting to break some kind of record which involves their baby -- which kind of sounds a little intense if you ask us .
GearDiary :
The security guards will allow everyone to stay and indicated that as of yet there are no plans to put out barricades .
Apple employees are just starting to come out of the store to talk with the people and one employee actually posed for a photo with the first in line .
Fortune , with more on who these people are :
TheWhoFarm , that ’s who , a newly formed publicity - seeking environmental collective with a agrico - political mission : to persuade the 44th President of the U.S. — whoever that turns out to be — to transform the White House ’s 17 - acre lawn into an organic farm .
“ We ’re here to restore the edible landscape , ” says Daniel Bowman Simon , 28 , the group ’s organizer and spokesperson and a young man given to making grand pronouncements .
“ We want to bring seeds of change back to the White House . ”
Daniel and his supporters — there are 10 in town this week , but only five braved the rain that soaked the city overnight Friday – want to set a new Guinness World Record for “ longest time waiting in line to buy something . ”
But that ’s just a vehicle to get attention for their broader concerns — sustainability , affordable housing , energy security , locally - grown food ( New York State apples are a big theme this week ) , and “ eating right , ” says Simon , “ especially our leaders . ”
See Also :
i Phone 2.0 Software Trickles Out , ' Very Good ' So Far , Exchange Email A Bit Flaky
That 3G iPhone Not $ 199 For Everyone ; Bernstein Hikes Apple Estimates
Will Apple Sweeten The iPhone Deal At The Last Minute Again ?
' Unprecedented Pent - Up Demand ' For Apple iPhone 3G , RBC Says
Photo : Engadget
Casting about for the truth of 9/11 : Don DeLillo ’s Falling Man
By Sandy English
27 August 2008
Falling Man by Don DeLillo , New York : Scribner , 2007 , 246 pp .
At the beginning of his most recent novel , Falling Man , Don DeLillo describes the collapse of the Twin Towers on September 11 , 2001 .
I heard DeLillo read this passage to a New York City audience last year :
“ The world was this as well , figures in windows a thousand feet up , dropping into free space , and the stink of fuel fire , and the steady rip of sirens in the air .
The noise lay everywhere they ran , stratified sound collecting around them , and he walked away from it and into it at the same time . ”
After he finished , I realized that some of the listeners were crying , and I turned to a friend who had been jogging near the World Trade Center that sunny morning in Hudson River Park and asked her if DeLillo had captured the time when over 3,000 people died to “ a soft awe of voices in the distance . ”
Without taking her eyes off the author at the podium , she simply nodded .
DeLillo summons up an omnipresent and immediate terror through four senses at once .
In a few precise sentences , he offers us something new in material that we have looked at and read about repeatedly .
This is one of his strengths as an artist : he was not present at the collapse of the towers , but he catches the moment perfectly and fills it with significance .
DeLillo has fashioned a number of characters who pass though the first days and months after the events of that September : a lawyer name Keith Neudecker ; his estranged wife , Lianne Glenn , an editor of textbooks ; and their son Justin , among others .
After the collapse of the towers , Keith finds himself , injured , at the door of Lianne ’s apartment .
They begin to make some accounting of their marriage and life in general .
It is impossible , however , to go about daily life in the old way .
In the following months , Keith and Lianne try to understand the effect that the attack has had on them and their family .
Keith gets involved with another survivor , but there is emotional distance in the intimacy .
The novel ’s plot pivots on the anger and fear stored up in him and the neurotic , but ultimately harmless ways that it displays itself .
Lianne also tries to cope .
She , too , is disturbed and frightened .
She gets upset at a neighbor who plays Middle Eastern music .
She spends her days looking more closely at the books she edits , and facilitating a group of people in the early stages of Alzheimer ’s disease .
Memories return her to her father ’s violent death .
The couple seeks to understand the fantasies their son has built up around the events .
His interpretation of what is going on around him provides the book with a poignant dimension .
After a few years , the lives of these people have been rerouted by the 9/11events , some of them more than others , though none of the changes are momentous .
In earlier novels , especially Libra ( 1988 ) and Underworld ( 1997 ) , DeLillo was able to bring quite disparate American characters to life , not only as individuals , but also as social types .
In Mao II ( 1991 ) , he ranged , less successfully , into the minds of terrorists and their victims .
In these books , one discovers not only precisely described sensations of immediate experience — a terrorist bomb blast in Mao II is an unnerving rehearsal for the disaster in Falling Man — but also a strong sense of a particular time and place , and the concerns of people living in that period .
While his best novels have a “ peculiar atmospheric depth , ” as the critic F. R. Leavis said of George Eliot ’s work , DeLillo ’s social outlook and artistic approach are not suited , ultimately , to measuring and weighing people ’s actions in the larger historical sphere .
The essential and the inessential in the historical process itself were given equal weight even in those novels , marring the unity of the works , and giving a generally unsatisfying sense of how people develop as a part of history .
In fact , the idea of historical process itself is largely absent from DeLillo ’s work .
He has suggested that historical truth may be lost in “ endless suggestive human involvements ” and that the “ twentieth century was built largely out of absurd moments and events . ”
In Underworld , for example , he has made too much out of a coincidence — a famous baseball game and the explosion of the first Soviet nuclear weapon occur on the same day .
What happens to us ( and what we do ) is not a part of a law - governed process .
In Falling Man , this weakness dominates and we get , overall , a series of disconnected moments , moving and often insightful in themselves , which do not help us much in understanding the greater impact of 9/11 on the American population .
Keith and Lianne belong to Manhattan ’s upper middle class , and the author draws this social milieu expertly .
They are educated liberals who find themselves unexpectedly living in “ a place of danger and rage . ”
On the surface , Keith and Lianne exhibit a psychological distance from the tragedy .
It is impossible not to be affected , though , and they understand that they must come to terms with how they are reacting .
So many trivial things in life have been undermined by the disaster , it seems .
They even make some tentative attempts to discover why 19 men killed more than 3,000 people and themselves , but in the end , this is not their main concern .
There may be an implied criticism of the lawyer - writer - academic layer of Manhattan , its unpreparedness and its complacency , but this is what DeLillo fails to draw out .
Why do these people act as they do ?
It is not really his concern , either .
What is astonishing about Falling Man is the almost complete absence of the government and media response to 9/11 , as well as its vast consequences , and the impact of all that on the characters .
We are told that Lianne pays close attention to the news , but it hardly shows , and when it does , we learn relatively little of what she thinks , much less how it might change her .
It does not take much effort to recall the barrage of fear - mongering and patriotic hysteria , and subsequent warmongering , from the New York daily newspapers , and from television , radio and web sites .
Editorial pages featured scholars and intellectuals who toed the line of the official propaganda , declaring an end to irony and advising us to gird ourselves for the new , long war on terror .
Torture became a popular subject of conversation within certain “ liberal ” layers .
Later , the media sanctioned an official government cover - up of the tragedy .
There were round - ups of thousands of immigrant Muslims , secret detentions and deportations .
Within a month , the United States had launched a military assault on impoverished , but strategically located Afghanistan .
By the end of October 2001 , Congress had enacted the Patriot Act .
The build - up to the invasion of Iraq began .
This was the social environment after 9/11 .
Its significance cannot have eluded an author who examined the Cold War and John F. Kennedy ’s assassination , for which he did a good deal of critical research .
One is struck in Falling Man , for example , by the absence of the element of government conspiracy and hidden corporate - military machinations , which were a focus of Libra , for better or worse .
There is another issue , perhaps also related to the problems of Falling Man : is n’t there something in the media - government behavior that would cause a visceral reaction in an artist ?
The way the media - state superstructure treated 9/11 is a ghastly impediment to telling the truth about people and events .
This would seem , in fact , to be the major dilemma for a novel about these events and their aftermath : how did Keith and Lianne survive such tragedy under a bombardment of chauvinistic lies and distortions ?
What sort of effect did this have on Justin ?
How could anyone think straight ?
People in Falling Man do think over what happened on September 11 .
Lianne listens to an argument between her mother Nina , a retired academic , and her boyfriend , Martin , an art dealer who may have been involved with the Baader - Meinhof terrorist group in Germany in the 1970s , about the causes of terrorism .
Nina advances the notion that terror is motivated only by religious fanaticism .
It is “ the thing that happens among men , the blood that happens when an idea begins to travel , whatever ’s behind it , whatever blind force or violent need . ”
Martin , representing a more sophisticated view , responds : “ Do n’t you see what you ’re denying ?
You ’re denying all human grievance against others , every force of history places people in conflict . ”
Lianne is “ disturbed by the fervor in their voices . ”
This scene captures the sense of many arguments in parts of Manhattan at the time .
Nevertheless , it is somewhat isolated in the novel .
The characters grope for a deeper understanding , but the author does not hold them to it .
Characters ’ ideas are treated in an offhand way , and the reader does not benefit .
It is not surprising , then , that the rationale for the developments that various characters undergo is somewhat hazy .
For example , in the weeks after the attack , Lianne exhibits anti-Muslim bigotry , and yet by 2003 , she has joined in the mass protests against the impending invasion of Iraq .
As with many people after 2001 , the official line of the government and media begins to influence her less .
This is an enormous historical - psychological process .
Nina ’s outlook cannot explain this any more than it can explain the motivations of the hijackers .
Something closer to Martin ’s views on history is required .
DeLillo , writing with the hindsight several years after 9/11 , also seems unable or unwilling to account for why Lianne moves to the left .
DeLillo ’s portrayal of Hammad , one of the hijackers of American Airlines Flight 11 , more explicitly corresponds to Nina ’s view that terrorism is a “ virus that reproduces itself outside history . ”
Hammad has no family and no past .
We do n’t even know his nationality .
In Germany , Florida and then on American Airlines Flight 11 , he is torn between the lures of the fleshly world and his commitment to the plot , as DeLillo calls it .
Everything remains on the surface .
DeLillo shows that Hammad and his fellow Islamists think they are pure of spirit and excuse the crime they are planning because they think they are superior to this world .
“ Plots reduce the world , ” DeLillo has said .
But the real hijackers were products of political and social conditions of the world , whatever may have been in their heads .
If there was ever a time for an author to rise above the consciousness of his characters , this is it .
In the absence of historical resonance , DeLillo ’s terrorists are motivated by the appeal of brotherhood set above ideas or beliefs .
This particular band of brothers , however , existed for definite social and historical reasons .
But for DeLillo , the relationship is an end in itself , or inexplicable .
“ In apocalypse there is no logic , ” he has said .
This is simply laziness .
Behind DeLillo ’s avoidance of the deeply political and historical nature of the causes and consequences of the September 11 tragedy we sense not a cogent intellectual or aesthetic stance , but an artist ’s retreat and confusion .
As a result , the novel lacks unity , and Falling Man is a pastiche of scenes and narrative directions .
There is another way his tendency to diminish the role of historical process breaks up the unity of the work : he leans too much on the importance of a single , startling image .
Falling
Man takes its title from Richard Drew ’s well - known photograph of a man falling or jumping from the North Tower .
Lianne ’s reaction , looking at it , is : “ Headlong , free fall , she thought , and this picture burned a hole in her mind and heart . ”
This is a powerful reaction , but we never discover just why she has it or exactly what it means .
Is there a symbolic element , as in the biblical Fall of Man , which might indicate that DeLillo has a broader perspective about the 9/11 events , for good or ill ?
If so , the reference is not worked into the novel anywhere .
The image reappears throughout the novel whenever the performance artist known as Falling Man appears , jumping from high structures and hanging in imitation of the Drew photo .
One of the few newspaper headlines that we see asks if we should view the performance artist “ as heartless exhibitionist or brave new chronicler of the age of terror . ”
The importance of this sort of supposedly history - making image has been a part of DeLillo ’s world view .
In a long passage in Mao II , his protagonist , a writer , and a photographer discuss the autonomy of the image as a feature of contemporary society .
He has claimed , fairly , that these opinions , which belong to characters in a novel , should not be attributed to him as the author .
However , the idea comes up repeatedly in the thinking of other characters , and he does apparently have some affinity for it .
In a 1997 essay for the New York Times Book Review called “ The Power of History , ” speaking of a murder caught on videotape , he notes that “ the image - act of your own witness ... tends to transform you ” and that “ it separates you from the reality that beats ever more softly in the diminishing world outside of the tape . ”
But the world does n’t diminish , in fact .
The effect here , with the falling man , is to clutter the novel with a symbol that is not clearly symbolic of anything precise or revealing in our world of three dimensions .
As an artistic device , it adds to the disconnected and superficial feel of the work as a whole .
Parts of Falling Man are moving , and one can learn something about the reactions of a particular social layer in New York at the time .
The novel , though , does not succeed as a unified work of art .
It falls short of the significance of the events themselves .
DeLillo has said that he did not want to write a political novel about the events of 9/11 .
Why that is , only he knows .
But it is in keeping with the work of many writers today who are seeking to tell the personal side of the political without first telling the political side of people .
Danish Island Becomes Energy Self - Sufficient : the Lesson of Samsø
July 16th , 2008 by Carol Gulyas
Samsø , a Danish island in the North Sea , has become entirely energy self - sufficient , by using wind energy , solar and other renewables .
The community was puzzled when it was announced in 1997 that it had won a government prize awarded to a community who would create a renewable energy plan ; an engineer had submitted the entry without telling anyone but Samsø ’s mayor .
Interest was high after the award , but then fell off .
It was Soren Hermansen , a lifelong resident of the island , who took on the task of turning the plan into action .
The story of how he did it is a blueprint for other communities around the world .
In the nineties , the island of 4,300 people imported all their energy , mostly in oil tankers , and paid little attention to where it came from .
In a fascinating article in The New Yorker magazine , Elizabeth Kolbert reports that :
“ Then , quite deliberately , the residents of the island set about changing this .
They formed energy coöperatives and organized seminars on wind power .
They removed their furnaces and replaced them with heat pumps .
By 2001 , fossil - fuel use on Samsø had been cut in half .
By 2003 , instead of importing electricity , the island was exporting it , and by 2005 it was producing from renewable sources more energy than it was using . ”
Image Credit : Joachim Ladefoged , The New Yorker
What was the process that transformed Samsø ?
Years of talking , educating and persuading , and the following :
A leader who is motivated and knows the social relationships in the community
Visits to every local meeting , no matter how small or on what issue , to discuss the project
Willingness to make the project something that is fun and competitive with other communities ( bringing free beer helps )
Enlisting the support of the island ’s opinion leaders
The people of Samsø stress that they are not special people , but they began to think about their energy —
“ It became a kind of sport ” .
Now Samsø teaches others how to transform their communities in its energy academy .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
