GHC ’s parallel GC makes heavy use of hand - written spinlocks .
These are basically mutexes like those provided by the Unix pthreads API or equivalently Windows CrticicalSections , except that they have no support for blocking the thread and waking up , they just spin until the lock is acquired .
I did it this way for a few reasons :
I sometimes need to acquire a lock on one thread and release in on another .
This is not supported by traditional mutexes .
We expect all threads to be running and contentions to be short .
I like to know exactly what code is running .
Unfortunately when using all the cores on the machine , it is common that one or more of our threads gets descheduled , and assuption ( 2 ) no longer holds .
When this happens , one or more of the threads can be spinning waiting for the descheduled thread , and no progress is made ( the CPU just gets warmer ) until the OS decides to reschedule it , which might be a whole time slice .
This is something we knew about ( see ticket # 3553 ) , but did n’t have a good solution for , and was recently encountered in another context here .
It has been called the “ last core parallel slowdown ” and seems to affect Linux more than other OSs , presumably due to the way the Linux scheduler works .
In my experience the effect is far more dramatic when using the 8th core of an 8 - core box than when using the second core of a dual - core .
This problem was present in GHC 6.10 , but is exacerbated in GHC 6.12 because we now do minor GCs in parallel , which can mean hundreds of all - core synchronisations per second .
The reason we do minor GCs in parallel is for locality ; the results in our ICFP’09 paper clearly show the performance benefits here .
Using traditional mutexes instead of our hand - rolled spinlocks would help , but it ’s not as simple as just swapping out our spinlocks for mutexes : as noted above , sometimes we acquire one of these locks on
one thread and release it on another , and pthreads does n’t allow that .
It might be possible to restructure things such that this does n’t happen , but I have n’t found a good way yet .
An alternative is to use condition variables , but this lead to a severe reduction in performance when I tried it ( see ticket # 3553 ) .
So as an experiment I tried adding an occasional call to ‘ yield ’ ( sched_yield on Unix , SwitchToThread on Windows ) inside the code that acquires a spinlock , with a tunable number of spins between each call to yield ( I ’m using 1000 ) .
I also added a ‘ yield ’ in the GC ’s wait loop , so that threads with no work to do during parallel GC will repeatedly yield between searching for work .
To my surprise , this change helped not only the “ last core ” case , but also parallel performance across the board .
I imagine one reason for this is that the yields help reduce contention on the memory bus ,
particularly in the parallel GC .
Here are the results , measureing the benchmark programs used in our ICFP ’09 paper .
First , using all 8 cores of an 8 - core , running 64 - bit programs on Fedora 9 , comparing GHC before and after the patch :
---------------------------
Program Elapsed
--------------------------- gray - 40.3 % mandel - 41.4 % matmult - 12.7 % parfib - 3.3 % partree - 4.9 % prsa - 14.6 % ray - 10.9 % sumeuler - 1.8 %
---------------------------
Geometric Mean - 17.7 %
Now , using only 7 cores of the 8 - core :
--------------------------
Program Elapsed
-------------------------- gray - 15.6 % mandel - 18.8 % matmult - 5.5 % parfib +2.9 % partree - 5.0 % prsa - 9.3 % ray + 1.7 % sumeuler - 0.9 %
--------------------------
Geometric Mean - 6.6 %
we even see a benefit when not using all the cores .
Here ’s the difference between 7 and 8 cores , both with the new patch :
--------------------------
Program Elapsed
-------------------------- gray +39.1 % mandel - 8.0 % matmult - 4.1 % parfib - 10.0 % partree - 1.3 % prsa - 15.3 % ray +37.3 % sumeuler - 11.4 %
--------------------------
Geometric Mean +1.5 %
So the “ last core ” problem affects only two of our benchmarks ( ray and gray ) , whereas the others all now improve when adding the last core .
This nicely illustrates the problem of extrapolating from a single benchmark – programs vary greatly in their behaviour , in my experience it ’s impossible to find a single program that is “ representative ” .
Using larger programs usually does n’t help : often large programs tend to have small inner-loops .
This group of 8 programs is quite meager , and expanding it is something I ’d like to do ( send me your parallel programs ! ) .
Here ’s the comparison on a dual - core , using 32 - bit programs on Ubuntu Karmic , comparing GHC before and after the patch :
-------------------------
Program Elapsed
------------------------- gray - 17.2 % mandel - 13.4 % matmult - 6.7 % parfib +0.4 % partree - 1.5 % prsa - 1.0 % ray + 1.6 % sumeuler - 8.7 %
-------------------------
Geometric Mean - 6.0 %
And since this is such a trivial patch , we can merge it into 6.12.2 , which should hopefully be in the next Haskell Platform release .
This is really an interim solution , since the real solution is not to do “ stop - the - world ” GC at all , at least for minor collections .
That ’s something we ’re also working on ( hopefully for GHC 6.14 ) , but in the meantime this patch gives some nice improvements for the 6.12 line , and shows that you can actually push a stop - the - world design quite a long way .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A British company has begun drilling for oil in the territorial waters of the Falkland Islands , despite strong opposition from Argentina .
The platform has been towed to a point 100 km ( 62 miles ) north of the UK territory in the South Atlantic .
Argentina claims sovereignty over what it calls the Islas Malvinas and has imposed shipping restrictions .
UK Defence Minister Bill Rammell said the government had a " legitimate right " to build an oil industry in its waters .
Desire Petroleum , which is overseeing the operation , said drilling had started on the Liz 14 / 19 - A exploration well at 1415 GMT .
Desire is an oil company and it's exploring for oil and not getting involved in what Argentina is saying about going to the UN .
The rig is sitting firmly inside UK waters
David Willie
Desire Petroleum
Islanders unworried by pressure Q&A : The Falklands oil row Oil boom or no boom ?
Have Your Say : How serious is row ?
In a statement to the London Stock Exchange , it said : " The well is being drilled to an estimated target depth of circa 3,500 metres ( 11,480 feet ) .
" Drilling operations are expected to take approximately 30 days and a further announcement will be made once drilling is completed . "
Mr Rammell told the House of Commons the government would take " whatever steps [ were ] necessary " to protect the islands and that it had made Argentina " aware of that " .
Shadow defence secretary Liam Fox said " no amount of intimidation " from Buenos Aires could alter what was a " fundamental issue of self - determination " .
Argentina has threatened to take " adequate measures " to stop British oil exploration in contested waters around the islands , and is seeking support from Latin American countries at a regional meeting in Mexico .
It wants its neighbours also to impose restrictions on shipping in the area .
Argentina can already count on support from President Hugo Chavez of Venezuela , who said Britain was being irrational and had to realise the " time for empires was over " .
Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega has called for " Britain to return the territory of the Malvinas to its real owners - to return it to Argentina " on Venezuelan Telesur television .
Argentina has long claimed the islands .
It invaded the Falklands in 1982 , before a UK taskforce seized back control in a short war that claimed the lives of 649 Argentine and 255 British service personnel .
But it has ruled out military action and is trying to pressure Britain into negotiations on sovereignty .
Last year Argentina submitted a claim to the United Nations for a vast expanse of ocean , based on research into the extent of the continental shelf , stretching to the Antarctic and including the island chains governed by the UK .
It is due to raise the issue at the UN later this week .
Desire Petroleum spokesman David Willie said : " Desire is an oil company and it's exploring for oil and not getting involved in what Argentina is saying about going to the UN .
The rig is sitting firmly inside UK waters . "
He added that Argentina was beginning its own oil exploration programme in the waters west of the islands .
Mr Willie said oil exploration in the Falklands was at an early stage , and even if commercially viable amounts were found it would be many years before the oil would start to flow .
The platform , the Ocean Guardian , has been towed 8,000 miles from the Cromarty Firth in Scotland .
Last week the Falklands Legislative Assembly , which sold the licence to explore for oil to Desire , said it had " every right " to develop " legitimate business " in hydrocarbons .
UK Foreign Secretary David Miliband said British oil exploration in the area was " completely in accordance with international law " .
UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown also said the government had " made all the preparations that are necessary to make sure the Falkland islanders are properly protected " .
DRILLING FOR OIL
The British oil rig has been towed from the North Sea , at a cost of $ 245,000 per day .
It will drill wells in at least four of the offshore exploration areas known as " prospects "
In 1998 six wells were drilled , targeting one layer of sandstone - but not enough oil was found and the low price meant further exploration was abandoned
Now the price of oil has risen , there is potentially more profit to be made from drilling deeper , into untested sandstone on sides of basin
The area known as " Liz " will be the first prospect drilled - geologists say there is a 17 % chance of finding an oil reserve of about 391m barrels
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
AT&T made headlines Thursday by announcing that it had decided to allow SlingPlayer Mobile for iPhone to stream video from a Slingbox over its 3G network .
AT&T's CEO claimed in the announcement that Sling Media modified the app to be more efficient on its network , but Sling has responded , saying it did n't have to change much of anything .
" Sling Media was willing to work with us to revise the app to make it more bandwidth sensitive , " AT&T Mobility CEO Ralph de la Vega said in a statement early on Thursday morning .
" They made important changes to more efficiently use 3G network bandwidth and conserve wireless spectrum so that we were able to support the app on our 3G mobile broadband network . "
AT&T said that it plans to " provide developers with wireless network optimization requirements for video and other applications by the end of the first quarter . "
AT&T would n't comment on what those requirements were , but a spokesperson for Sling Media contacted Ars this afternoon to clarify what the company had changed in the software .
Sling Media's John Santoro told
Ars that no fundamental changes were required .
" AT&T never discussed any specific requirements with us . "
Santoro explained that SlingPlayer Mobile has always contained code to adapt the stream quality to the given network conditions .
AT&T has been in discussions with Sling since the app was first released last year , but AT&T never asked the company to make any specific modifications .
However , the code has been continually improved , and Sling was able to successfully demonstrate that SlingPlayer Mobile for iPhone would not have a negative impact on other wireless customers .
AT&T may have merely been concerned that if SlingPlayer Mobile became popular that it could tax its network — already a problem that customers often complain about .
de la Vega recently blamed the problem on a very small percentage of " heavy " users , mostly iPhone users with an appetite for video , audio , and other media .
But that has n't stopped the company from adding numerous data hungry devices , like e-book readers , Android - based smartphones , and even the iPad .
Nor has it stopped other apps that stream video over 3G , such as Ustream , from being rejected .
The company has announced a number of network upgrades intended to increase overall capacity , so it may have less concerns about SlingPlayer Mobile specifically .
" Whatever the reason , we 're just glad AT&T has approved it , " Santoro told Ars .
" We 're just waiting for Apple 's OK , now . "
The revised app has been submitted , but has not yet been approved for the App Store .
UPDATE : Sling Media general manager John Gilmore contacted Ars to clarify the working relationship between Sling and AT&T .
" We actually have been working very intensively with AT&T to get the 3G streaming approved , " Gilmore told Ars .
" Over the course of the last couple of months , they have been testing the app in their labs . "
Gilmore said that AT&T was able to determine that SlingPlayer Mobile would n't significantly impact network performance after extensive testing .
" We always felt comfortable that that was n't the case , " he told Ars .
" As we built our relationship with AT&T , we were able to prove to them that our app would n't cause a negative customer impact .
We always felt that our app was a ' good network citizen . ' "
When asked what code changes AT&T wanted , if any , Gilmore verified that no specific changes were made at AT&T 's request .
He did say , however , that the 3G streaming code has had some improvements over the course of the last several months due to general code optimization .
" We want to make sure that we constantly improve how our app uses network resources . "
Bei der
Wahl des passenden Buchmachers beachten Kunden am häufigsten die Höhe der Boni , die angeboten werden .
Wir sind auch der Meinung , dass dies eins der wichtigeren Kriterien ist , das allerdings nicht entscheidend ist .
Es wünschen sich ja alle , als Neukunde eines Wettanbieters mit verschiedenen Boni belohnt zu werden und somit ihr Glück mit einem bestimmten Betrag „ geschenkten “ Geldes versuchen zu können .
Wenn man dieses
Geld verliert , ist das dann auch keine große Schande .
Wenn also von Boni die Rede ist , die in letzter Zeit von Buchmachern sehr oft angeboten werden , kann von drei wichtigsten Gruppen gesprochen werden , und zwar :
🤑 Willkommensbonus für Neukunden 🤑 Freiwetten für Neukunden in einem bestimmten Betrag 🤑 Reload - Bonus
Willkommensbonus für Neukunden
Dieser Bonus ist bei den meisten weltbekannten Buchmachern nicht mehr wegzudenken .
Der Buchmacher gibt Neukunden nämlich einen bestimmten Geldbetrag bei der , meistens von 100 % von bis zu 100 € .
Das heißt also , dass Buchmacher den Einzahlungsbetrag bis zu 100 € verdoppeln wird .
Wenn man beispielsweise 50 € aufs Konto eingezahlt hat , bekommt man vom Buchmacher noch 50 € .
Es kommt häufig vor , dass man bei der Anmeldung einen bestimmten CODE eintippen muss , um den Willkommensbonus zu aktivieren .
Wir hatten allerdings auch einige Bemerkungen unserer Kunden , dass ihnen der Buchmacher den genannten Bonus nicht erteilen wollte .
Später wurde allerdings klar , dass das gar keine Neukunden waren und dass sie somit kein Recht auf die Beanspruchung des Willkommensbonus haben .
Wir betonen also nochmals , dass sich diese Art von Boni ausschließlich auf diejenigen Kunden bezieht , die bis dahin kein Konto beim entsprechenden Buchmacher eröffnet hatten .
Damit der Willkommensbonus auf das Konto des Kunden gut geschrieben wird , muss man einige Bedingungen erfüllen , die jeder Buchmacher hat .
Unserer Meinung nach , ist dieser Aspekt viel wichtiger bei der Bonus - Benotung allein und jetzt erklären wir , warum das so ist .
Es ist allerdings schade , dass die meisten Kunden anfangs nur die Bonus - Höhe beachten und nicht die Bonus - Bedingungen , die erfüllt werden müssen , um den Bonus auch auszahlen zu können .
Es handelt sich nämlich darum , dass Boni einige Male umgesetzt werden müssen und zwar bei einer entsprechenden Mindestquote .
Bessere Online - Buchmacher haben nicht schwer erfüllbare Bedingungen , so dass der Bonus beispielsweise 5 - 6 Mal umgesetzt werden muss und zwar bei einer Mindestquote von 1,50 .
Freiwetten für Neukunden
Dieser Bonus ist sozusagen der zweithäufigste , aber auch der zweite populärste .
Der Buchmacher bietet also Freiwetten an , meistens in der Höhe der Ersteinzahlung .
Beim Test der Buchmacher beachtet man , ob dieser Bonus bestimmte Beschränkungen hat , bzw .
gibt es einige Beschränkungen bei Wetten auf bestimmte Sportereignisse , Arten von Wetten , wie auch bezüglich der Höhe der Mindestquote .
Der Willkommensbonus und Freiwetten sind ziemlich ähnlich und ihre Popularität hängt von den Kunden selbst und den Wettstrategien ab , die sie bevorzugen .
Reload - Bonus
Um den Kunden dazu zu bringen , wieder eine Einzahlung zu tätigen , ist man zum Reload - Bonus gekommen .
Mit diesem Bonus wird die Loyalität der Kunden belohnt .
Es gibt verschiedene Höhen dieses Bonus , der allerdings meistens nicht von der Höhe des eingezahlten Betrags unterscheidet .
Man darf nicht vergessen , dass dieser Bonus für schon bestehende Kunden bestimmt ist , ohne besondere allgemeine und Umsatzbedingungen .
Dieser Bonus kann jederzeit aktiviert werden und bezieht sich auf alle verfügbaren Wettoptionen .
Es gibt also viele verschiedene Kriterien , die beachtet werden müssen , so dass Kunden für sich selbst den passenden Bonus aussuchen sollten .
Excitement was in the air during the 5th annual Boom Boom Room celebrity gifting suite .
The 2 day event , hosted by Jayneoni Moore , was held at the Century Hyatt in Los Angeles .
Celebrity parents showed up with their little ones not only to receive gifts from more than 80 brands , but to pledge a commitment to community service .
In honor of the popular suites 5th birthday , the “ Splendiferous Wonderland ” housed a library full of books sponsored by Eric Carle , an arts and craft booth sponsored by Alex Toys and a Fisher Price and HABBA Toys playroom .
The invitation - only spectacular provided stars with items for babies to preschool aged kids .
Some of the generous brands that participated included :
Britax Child Safety , Inc .
Britax is the best - selling child seat in Europe and has become one of the most - trusted brands in North America by parents and caregivers since entering the market in 1996 .
Kate and Jeanna from the Britax North American headquarters in Charlotte , NC flew out to the Boom Boom Room to gift celebrities with the top - of - the - line Advocate CS convertible car seat ( Made in the USA ! ) .
The Advocate CS offers Side Impact Cushion ™ Technology , the newest innovation from Britax .
It is the first and only technology to reduce side impact crash energy by 50 percent for the child in the seat while also protecting adjacent passengers .
www.BritaxUSA.com
MD Moms
Created by two moms that also serve as pediatricians , MD Moms is a skin care line created for kids that mothers ( and non mothers ) can use .
According to mdmoms.com , creators Dr. Diane Truong and Dr. JJ
Levinstein ’s use of pure yet effective ingredients has led to the creation of “ babys prescription for healthy skin . ”
Cleverly encased in packaging that requires the use of one hand , MD Moms produced a line without the traditional baby smell .
According to Dr. JJ “ mothers can be reminded of the scent of their child without smelling like one . ”
Aside from helping babies maintain perfect skin , the line is actively involved with childrens charities and pro-bono clinical work .
www.mdmoms.com
Nourish
Nourish is the first bottled water for babies and toddlers created with the intent to “ provide health and convenience . ”
Nourish provides two products - Nourish Baby and Nourish Toddler .
Nourish Baby is a pre-measured water bottle topped with a nipple for formula fed babies .
Nourish Toddler is a water bottle topped with a spill - proof sippy top .
All bottles are recyclable and reuseable , BPA free and airport security approved .
www.nourish-inc.com
Fat Tie
Fat
Tie is a boys t- shirt line that makes dressing up boys a lot simpler and dressing them down a bit more stylish .
Created by Los Angeles Trade Tech College Fashion Design graduate Marinella Gallen , Fat Tie is the result of a school project inspired by her son Max .
Many moms agree that finding different fashionable items for their sons can be somewhat difficult .
Fat
Tie is a fashionable and machine washable option for boys that “ mean business . ”
www.shop-fat-tie.com
Icy Diamond Totes
Created in April 2009 , Icy Diamond
Totes simplifies the need to carry around products that require refrigeration without the hassle of carrying a cooler .
Snacks , medications , baby food , bottles , teething rings and more can be kept inside the totes .
The totes can be carried around the waist with the use of a strap or clipped onto pants or a belt with a carabiner hook .
Moms can “ bling ” out their Icy Diamond Totes and dads can carry them plain .
Icy Diamond Totes is proud to announce they will soon be launching the Icy Diamond Tote Backpack .
Check their website for more details at www.IcyDiamondTotes.com.
Squeeze Ease
Recipient of the 2009 Top Choice Award , Sqeeze Ease helps prevent baby from scratching and pulling hair while promoting sensory development .
Created by an occupational therapist who is also a mom , Squeeze Ease is made from organic bamboo , organic cotton and a small percentage of lycra .
This product stays on baby ’s hand as opposed to the traditional hand mitten that is often used .
Using Squeeze Ease allows baby to place fingers in mouth , limits sudden jerking and calms babies .
This great product can be found at www.spotlight-baby.com, along with other organic products and helpful tips for parenting .
Spotlight Baby is actively involved in ending human trafficking .
Portions of their proceeds support organizations that work to prevent trafficking .
Babisil Munch Set
Feeding your baby can be fun and a little less messy with the use of Babisil ’s Munch Mate set .
Included in a set are a bowl anchor , bendy spoon and a fun munch bib that catches whatever does n’t make it into baby ’s mouth .
Each soft and flexible item is spill proof and machine washable .
The spoon and anchor can be rolled up inside the bib for simple storage .
www.babisil.co.uk
Babisil Silbottle
This BPA free bottle reduces colic , fluid in the ear , and is easy to clean .
Similar to a drop - in disposable bottle liners , Silbottles contain a dishwasher safe inner chamber that colapses as baby drinks .
A “ swirler ” lays just beneath the nipple , preventing chunks of unmixed formula from clogging the nipple .
There is also a hole punch that is used to create different nipple flows as baby grows .
www.babisil.com
Vuka
Made with all natural ingredients , Vuka is a line of 4 new flavorful energy drinks that give you a boost during 4 activities in your life .
For the non coffee drinker that loves orange juice there is orange flavored “ Awaken ” .
Had a long day at the gym ?
How about a can of berry lemonade “ Workout ” .
For those who need a middle of the day boost there is pomegranate lychee “ Think ” .
Mango peache flavored “ Renew ” leaves you feeling restored and revived .
Each drink is packaged in a stylish can that cools quickly and is recyclable and reuseable .
www.vuka.com
Treasure Dough
Treasure Dough is a product created for kids that creates hours of fun .
There are 4 different themed buckets that include non -toxic playdough filled with hidden treasures .
Princess
Loot comes with glittery pink playdough that is full of princess jewels .
Dino Diggers is a tub of green playdough that houses dinosaurs , eggs and rocks .
The Under The Sea tub has blue playdough that is mixed with sea creatures and other sunken treasures .
Last , the Zany Zoo tub is filled with orange or yellow playdough and holds different animals and other treasures .
www.treasuredough.com
Zooni
Zooni specializes in fun handknit hats , muppet mittens and 3D socks .
The cute children ( and adult ) accessories make keeping warm stylish and fun !
www.zooniwear.com
Trolde - Evevtyr
Trolls and fairytales is what this brand translates to .
Specializing in bright colorful art designs , Trolde - Eventyr creates wonderful lunch boxes , bottles and storage boxes that any child would love to call his own .
www.trolde-evevtyr.dk
SmartKnitKids Seamless Sensitivity Socks
SmartKnitKids has created the perfect seamless Non bunching sock .
They keep feet dry and comfortable for as long as you wear them .
They are perferct for those with normal skin and have proved to be wonderful for those with special skin conditions .
www.smartknitkids.com
Others included Chicco , Skip Hop , Bright Starts , Timi & Leslie , Bratt Decor , MD Moms , Happy Heinys , Dandelion , # 1 nursing clothing line Larrivo , Kid Basix , Organic Kidz , Loved Baby , Goodnight Light , Penguin Books , Moby Wrap , and Zooni and more !
2009 : Second Warmest Year on Record ; End of Warmest Decade
Adam Voiland
NASA ’s Earth Science News Team
2009 was tied for the second warmest year in the modern record , a new NASA analysis of global surface temperature shows .
The analysis , conducted by the Goddard Institute for Space Studies ( GISS ) in New York City , also shows that in the Southern Hemisphere , 2009 was the warmest year since modern records began in 1880 .
Although 2008 was the coolest year of the decade -- due to strong cooling of the tropical Pacific Ocean -- 2009 saw a return to near - record global temperatures .
The past year was only a fraction of a degree cooler than 2005 , the warmest year on record , and tied with a cluster of other years -- 1998 , 2002 , 2003 , 2006 and 2007 -- as the second warmest year since recordkeeping began .
“ There ’s always an interest in the annual temperature numbers and on a given year ’s ranking , but usually that misses the point , ” said James Hansen , the director of GISS .
“ There 's substantial year - to - year variability of global temperature caused by the tropical El Niño - La Niña cycle .
But when we average temperature over five or ten years to minimize that variability , we find that global warming is continuing unabated .
" January 2000 to December 2009 was the warmest decade on record .
Throughout the last three decades , the GISS surface temperature record shows an upward trend of about 0.2 °C ( 0.36 °F ) per decade .
Since 1880 , the year that modern scientific instrumentation became available to monitor temperatures precisely , a clear warming trend is present , though there was a leveling off between the 1940s and 1970s .
The near - record temperatures of 2009 occurred despite an unseasonably cool December in much of North America .
High air pressures in the Arctic decreased the east - west flow of the jet stream , while also increasing its tendency to blow from north to south and draw cold air southward from the Arctic .
This resulted in an unusual effect that caused frigid air from the Arctic to rush into North America and warmer mid-latitude air to shift toward the north .
"
Of course , the contiguous 48 states cover only 1.5 percent of the world area , so the U.S. temperature does not affect the global temperature much , ' said Hansen .
In total , average global temperatures have increased by about 0.8 °C ( 1.4 °F ) since 1880 .
“ That ’s the important number to keep in mind , ” said Gavin Schmidt , another GISS climatologist .
“ In contrast , the difference between , say , the second and sixth warmest years is trivial since the known uncertainty -- or noise -- in the temperature measurement is larger than some of the differences between the warmest years .
" Climate scientists agree that rising levels of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases trap incoming heat near the surface of the Earth and are the key factors causing the rise in temperatures since 1880 , but these gases are not the only factors that can impact global temperatures .
Three others key factors -- including changes in the sun ’s irradiance , oscillations of sea surface temperature in the tropics , and changes in aerosol levels -- can also cause slight increases or decreases in the planet 's temperature .
Overall , the evidence suggests that these effects are not enough to account for the global warming observed since 1880 .
El Niño and La Niña are prime examples of how the oceans can affect global temperatures .
They describe abnormally warm or cool sea surface temperatures in the South Pacific that are caused by changing ocean currents .
Global temperatures tend to decrease in the wake of La Niña , which occurs when upwelling cold water off the coast of Peru spreads westward in the equatorial Pacific Ocean .
La Niña , which moderates the impact of greenhouse - gas driven warming , lingered during the early months of 2009 and gave way to the beginning of an El Niño phase in October that ’s expected to continue in 2010 .
An especially powerful El Niño cycle in 1998 is thought to have contributed to the unusually high temperatures that year , and Hansen ’s group estimates that there ’s a good chance 2010 will be the warmest year on record if the current El Niño persists .
At most , scientists estimate that El Niño and La Niña can cause global temperatures to deviate by about 0.2 °C ( 0.36 °F ) .
Warmer surface temperatures also tend to occur during particularly active parts of the solar cycle , known as solar maximums , while slightly cooler temperatures occur during lulls in activity , called minimums .
A deep solar minimum has made sunspots a rarity in the last few years .
Such lulls in solar activity , which can cause the total amount of energy given off by the sun to decrease by about a tenth of a percent , typically spur surface temperature to dip slightly .
Overall , solar minimums and maximums are thought to produce no more than 0.1 °C ( 0.18 °F ) of cooling or warming .
“ In 2009 , it was clear that even the deepest solar minimum in the period of satellite data has n’t stopped global warming from continuing , ” said Hansen .
Small particles in the atmosphere called aerosols can also affect the climate .
Volcanoes are powerful sources of sulfate aerosols that counteract global warming by reflecting incoming solar radiation back into space .
In the past , large eruptions at Mount Pinatubo in the Philippines and El Chichón in Mexico have caused global dips in surface temperature of as much as 0.3 °C ( 0.54 °F ) .
But volcanic eruptions in 2009 have not had a significant impact .
Meanwhile , other types of aerosols , often produced by burning fossil fuels , can change surface temperatures by either reflecting or absorbing incoming sunlight .
Hansen ’s group estimates that aerosols probably counteract about half of the warming produced by man-made greenhouse gases , but he cautions that better measurements of these elusive particles are needed .
To conduct its analysis , GISS uses publicly available data from three sources : weather data from more than a thousand meteorological stations around the world ; satellite observations of sea surface temperature ; and Antarctic research station measurements .
These three data sets are loaded into a computer program , which is available for public download from the GISS website .
The program calculates trends in temperature anomalies -- not absolute temperatures — but changes relative to the average temperature for the same month during the period of 1951 - 1980 .
Other research groups also track global temperature trends but use different analysis techniques .
The Met Office Hadley Centre , based in the United Kingdom , uses similar input measurements as GISS , for example , but it omits large areas of the Arctic and Antarctic , where monitoring stations are sparse .
In contrast , the GISS analysis extrapolates data in those regions using information from the nearest available monitoring stations , and thus has more complete coverage of the polar areas .
If GISS did n't extrapolate in this manner , the software that performs the analysis would assume that areas without monitoring stations warm at the same rate as the global mean , an assumption that does n't line up with changes that satellites have observed in Arctic sea ice , Schmidt explained .
Although the two methods produce slightly different results in the annual rankings , the decade - long trends in the two records are essentially identical .
" There 's a contradiction between the results shown here and popular perceptions about climate trends , " Hansen said .
" In the last decade , global warming has not stopped .
" GISS Surface Temperature AnalysisAnnual Temperature Summation for 2008 The Elusive Absolute Surface Air TemperatureJames Hansen BiographyQ&A Session : NASA Climatologist Gavin SchmidtFor a reporter package of background data and video on this topic , visit NASA Goddard 's Scientific Visualization Studio site More formats and visualizations from the Scientific Visualization StudioRead the related NASA press release here
Group ’s founder formerly headed firm bankrolling Beck , Hannity projects
WASHINGTON — The seniors group American Seniors Association ( ASA ) describes itself as a conservative alternative to the AARP and has attracted notable press coverage this year for its opposition to health care reform .
A Raw Story investigation , however , reveals that the group has a massive web of affiliations to right - wing activists , think tanks , politicians , media and executives — signaling ideological motivations than extend well beyond serving the interests of seniors .
ADVERTISEMENT
ASA extensively linked to Tea -Partiers and right - wing movements
ASA was originally founded in 2005 under the name National Association for Seniors Concerns ( NASCON ) by former NAPA Auto Parts executive Jerry Barton , who made an initial investment of $ 500,000 .
The group is listed as a coalition member of the Internet Freedom Coalition , a group that opposes “ net neutrality ” and has received at least tens of thousands in funding from the conservative think tank Institute for Liberty .
The group ’s ties to the right - wing Tea Party movement are evident as the Institute for Liberty has officially co-sponsored some of its activities , as well as those of Glenn Beck ’s so - called 9/12 Project , both of which have organized anti-health - reform rallies comprising deeply offensive Holocaust imagery .
Members of the Institute for Liberty have also hosted Tea Party events .
ASA has been endorsed by a flurry of Tea Party organizations across the country — including the Santa Clarita Tea Party , the Mount Vernon WA Tea Party Patriots , the New Jersey Tea Party Coalition , and the United American Tea Party .
These loyalties , along with the group ’s posturing and its leaders ’ activities prior to its founding , suggest that ASA is co-opting the sympathies of seniors — a very organized constituency that votes in large numbers — to advance a much broader right - wing agenda .
ADVERTISEMENT
ASA has on numerous occasions echoed conservative claims about the health reform bill that have been widely debunked , including that it will encourage euthanasia and materially cut Medicare benefits .
Sponsor of Glenn Beck , heavily promoted by Fox News
The ASA , which was described by its founder as having 40,000 members nationwide this August — but which was also described on its website until recently as “ representing hundreds of thousands of members ” — remains dwarfed by the AARP ’s mammoth roster of 40 million members .
ADVERTISEMENT
But Fox News has touted ASA ’s opposition to health reform legislation , repeatedly billing ASA as a burgeoning political force and serious threat to the AARP and offering the group considerable attention and air - time .
In August , FoxNews.com published two very similar stories in a span of eight days .
On August 10 , they ran a story headlined : “ AARP Faces Backlash From Seniors Over Health Care Reform Stance . ”
A week later , on August 18 , they published a similar story favorable to ASA called : “ AARP , Losing Members Over Health Care , Faces Challenge From Grassroots Senior Advocacy Group . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
AARP allegedly lost at least ten thousand members after endorsing the House health care reform bill — but this hardly puts a dent in its total membership .
Both articles quoted Stuart Barton , Jerry Barton ’s son and President of ASA since its founding in 2007 .
Barton heavily criticized health reform and slammed AARP for supporting it .
Fox News also invited Stuart Barton on the air to discuss his group ’s opposition to the bill .
Following
Fox ’s coverage , CBS News published a story in August saying that “ up to 60,000 people ” have quit AARP as a result of its support for health reform , and “ many are switching to the American Seniors Association . ”
The CBS story led to controversy , as several blogs — including Media Matters , Dissenting Juice and Think Progress — disputed its characterization of ASA as a serious competitor to AARP .
The New York Times did not present ASA as such .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Bartons ’ other connections to Fox News raise additional questions regarding conflict - of - interest .
Jerry Barton ’s former organization NAPA Auto Parts currently sponsors Fox News ’ Glenn Beck program .
NAPA is the chief sponsor of Beck ’s “ The Christmas Sweater ” film ( which , as Raw Story reported , failed badly to attract viewers in major metropolitan areas ) .
The automotive parts company has also aided Beck ’s 9/12 Project .
Links to GOP & conservative figures
ASA ’s founder , Jerry Barton , has notable connections to Republican politicians .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Barton is a longtime supporter of conservatives and their causes , ” reported Brian McNicoll of the right - leaning think tank Heritage Foundation for TownHall.com in 2005 .
“ He served as finance chairman for one of Mitch McConnell ’s Senate campaigns .
He has worked with John Linder , Johnny Isaacson and Saxby Chambliss . ”
( Linder is a Republican Congressman from Georgia , and the latter two are Georgia ’s Republican senators . )
Beyond ASA ’s professional ties , Barton is part of an extensive network of partners and affiliates in the conservative establishment .
Barton ’s launching in 2005 of what was then known as NASCON was assisted by his former neighbor and right - wing radio talk - show host Neal Boortz .
Boortz has written for the conservative websites NewsMax , WorldNetDaily and TownHall , and is known for a flurry of accusations about left - leaning policies that have gotten under the skin of liberals .
Boortz has since called himself “ a charter member ” of Barton ’s group , describing it as the “ conservative counterpart to the leftist AARP , ” which “ does n’t always look for the big - government solution to every issue facing older Americans . ”
Soon after its launch , NASCON was hailed by numerous other prominent conservatives , including Sean Hannity of Fox News , Steve Forbes of Forbes Magazine and Drew Bond of TownHall .
ADVERTISEMENT
Another associate of Barton ’s is Phil Kent , a noted conservative figure who was described by the National Journal as Barton ’s “ spokesman ” in 2005 and has been listed as a media contact for ASA as early as 2005 and as recently as December 2009 .
Kent ’s own website says he was the press secretary in 1981 - 1982 for segregationist Republican Strom Thurmond and has written several books attacking liberalism .
He has also served as president of groups that have opposed affirmative action and favored stronger immigration controls .
ASA has waged other right - wing campaigns in the past
ASA ’s stated purpose includes activism in four categories : 1 ) Medicare reform , 2 ) Social Security reform , 3 ) Illegal aliens and 4 ) Tax reform .
Their stances on these issues do not stray from boilerplate conservative ideology favored by GOP leaders and the Tea Party movement .
In 2007 , ASA ( along with many other conservative groups ) waged a campaign to defeat legislation that would have granted undocumented workers a pathway to citizenship .
Its founder Barton also supported the 2005 effort to privatize Social Security .
With another ideologically divisive issue — health care reform — on the table , ASA has returned to the spotlight .
The organization strongly opposes Democrats ’ healthcare bill , portraying it as a threat to the elderly .
Fox News has extensively covered ASA ’s interest in health reform , portraying it as a threat to the exponentially larger AARP .
ADVERTISEMENT
Health reform and AstroTurf groups
The ASA ’s pattern of behavior suggests that its motives go beyond simply creating a successful alternative to the AARP .
The group ’s actions and affiliations reveal deeper intentions , which appear to be bolstering right - wing ideology and the conservative movement .
The “ About Us ” section on the group ’s website reads :
We are driven by a uniquely American philosophy that starts with the understanding that government does n’t tax and regulate “ things . ”
It taxes and regulates “ people . ” Individuals like you and me …
At American Seniors Association , we do n’t just take the government ’s side like some other associations .
We are not some big liberal bureaucracy here to try to scare you into going along with Big Government all the time or telling you what to think .
ASA is n’t the first organization that has presented itself as a conservative alternative to the AARP , while actually being invested in promoting right - wing corporate causes with little connection to seniors ’ interests .
A very similar group , the United Seniors Association , gained notoriety in 2002 by serving as a front for the pharmaceutical industry and also lending its support to Bush administration energy policies and a telecommunications issue important to AT&T .
ADVERTISEMENT
Throughout this year ’s health reform debate , various members of the media have exposed similar “ Astroturf ” groups like FreedomWorks and Conservatives for Patients ’
Rights , which , like ASA , say they ’re standing up for regular people but in reality are organized by a narrow and influential group of elites .
Questions about finances
The financial status of ASA also raises questions ; the group appears to be run on a shoestring .
When ASA was incorporated in May 2007 , the paperwork was handled by a lawfirm , Robertson & Gable , LLC , which specializes in discount incorporations .
From then until last spring , the group ’s address was 4555 Mansell Road , Suite 300 , Alpharetta , GA 30022 , which is a “ virtual office ” with no physical presence .
The address that now appears on ASA ’s website is 3700 Mansell Road , Suite 220 , which also appears to be a virtual office .
Aside from maintaining a website and an 800 number for prospective members , it is not clear what ASA spends money on in its nominal purpose as a seniors ’ organization or how much of its budget is actually devoted to its political activities .
ADVERTISEMENT
Some of these questions might be answered by the federal tax form , known as Form 990 , which ASA is required to file as a non-profit organization .
However , a search at the Foundation Center does not turn up a filing for either 2007 or 2008 .
A current listing for the American Seniors Association at the South Carolina Secretary of State ’s website — which provides summary totals of expenses and revenues for non-profits doing business in the state — has only blank spaces where the dollar amounts should appear , suggesting that there may , in fact , have been no such filings .
ASA ’s main number led to an automatic voice - mail , and the group did not return multiple requests for comment by Raw Story .
Additional research by Ron Brynaert and Muriel Kane
Welcome to the IP Tables State homepage .
IPTState is a top - like interface to your netfilter connection - tracking table .
Using iptstate you interactively watch where traffic crossing your netfilter / iptables firewall is going , sort by various criteria , limit the view by various criteria .
But it does n't stop there : as of version 2.2.0 you can even delete states from the table !
The only requirements are a curses library ( usually ncurses ) , and libnetfilter_conntrack version 0.0.50 or later .
IPTState is now in the Debian , Redhat , Fedora Core , Mandrake , Gentoo , FloppyFW , and many other distributions you can find a list of .
Do n't forget to check the wishlist for upcoming features , the Changelog file for new features , and the CONTRIB file for who 's helped .
News
08/14/16 IPTState 2.2.6 !
IPTState 2.2.6 has just been released and includes a fix for a crash many users were seeing .
IPTState will also now automatically turn on skipdns mode when lookup mode is turned on to prevent a cycle of adding DNS entries to the state table .
Finally this also fixes a bug in - b handling .
All users are encouraged to upgrade .
06/01/12 IPTState 2.2.5 !
Less than 24 hours after the last release we have another one for you .
This time we 've improved our support for ICMP6 .
We now display the type and code , and we also support deleting such state .
We 've further improved the dynamic column sizing by not wasting a space for a non-existent colon for connections without ports as well dynamically sizing the " State " column .
Finally , if we run into protocols we can't resolve to names , we now print the number instead of " unknown . "
06/01/12 IPTState 2.2.4 !
With World IPv6
Launch coming next week , it was time to put the final touches on the IP v6 support we added last year .
2.2.4 wo n't break formatting on long IP v6 address .
Instead it will truncate them similarly to the way we truncate hostnames .
However , we truncate address from the opposite wide , since network / host data are on opposite ends of hostnames vs. addresses .
04/03/11 IPTState 2.2.3 !
It 's been a long time ... but 2.2.3 is out !
We now have IP v6 support !
There 's also a slew of bugfixes and cleanups , so be sure to upgrade .
09/19/09 IPTState 2.2.2 !
IPTState 2.2.2 is now available for download .
This is a relatively minor release : the old backwards compatibility code is gone which means libnetfilter_conntrack is always required .
There 's also some output formatting bugfixes and some compile fixes for newer versions of gcc .
09/14/07 MAILING LISTS
I 've setup two mailing lists for IPTState : iptstate - devel for discussion and announcements and iptstate - commit for CVS commit messages .
From now on announcements will always go to - devel , it should be low traffic , so join if you want to follow development .
03/20/07 CONTRIB CORRECTION
The 2.2.1 CONTRIB file mentions Victor Forsyuk as the Ubuntu packager , but he is instead the Alt Linux packager .
03/18/07 Darnit ...
A small formatting bug in 2.2.0 means a 2.2.1 .
Sorry ...
03/18/07
Two notes on the new version
Two quick notes : if absolutely cannot get libnetfilter_conntrack on your system , see the Makefile comments for an easy way to compile without it .
This method is DEPRECATED and will removed in future versions .
Also - in the current version of libnetfilter_conntrack 0.0.50 there is a bug that prevents iptstate from deleting ICMP states .
I wrote a patch which you can find here that fixes it .
This patch has already been acceptd and applied by the netfilter folks .
03/18/07 IPTState 2.2.0 !
IPTState 2.2.0 is out !
This new version sees the backend ported to the libnetfilter_conntrack libraries instead of reading out of / proc .
This has many advantages including less load on the netfilter kernel subsystem , and not being racy on SMP systems .
In addition it allows for new features such seeing per-state byte and packet counts and even deleting states from the connection table !
That 's right , play BOFH by simply hitting 'x ' !
Other features include port - name lookup , ICMP IDs being printed , improved scrolling support , ' B ' to sort by the previous column , and better support for more than 32767 state - table entries .
Check out the Changelog for the full list .
10/07/06 Site Redesign
To go along with the release of our new 2.x branch , I thought a sight redesign was in order .
It 's valid XHTML1.1 and CSS2 ( with one small validation error on the xhtml that 'll get fixed in the near future ) .
10/05/06 IPTState 2.1 !
Oooops !
There was a bug in the option handling and -- src- filter was switched with -- srcpt - filter and same thing with -- dst - filter and -- dstpt - filter .
This is now fixed .
10/04/06 IPTState 2.0 !
I 've released iptstate 2.0 , and it has a slew of new features including but not limtied to :
Scrolling !
That 's right , you can now scroll to see your whole state table !
Color - coding by protocol
Interactive help menu
More filter options
Ability to change filters interactively
Significantly better dynamic column sizing
Less memory usage
Add long options
Handle window resizes properly
The code was also almost completely refactored , made more efficient , and lots of bugs were fixed as well .
This was originally going to be called 1.5 , but so much has changed , I decided to go with 2.0 .
Enjoy !
04/23/05
Some stats for you
My webserver received 391 download requests for iptstate - 1.4.tar.bz2 on the first two days of release ( April 17th and 18th ) of the new version .
As you can see on your right , IPTState is also in increasingly more linux distros , and of course is mirrored across source forge - each of which account for many more downloads .
I 'd provide SF stats , but their stats appear to be broken .
Thanks for all the support !
04/17/05 A note about IPTState
Harald Welte over at the Netfilter project asked me to inform my users that because iptstate reads / proc / net / ip_conntrack , it may be unreliable on SMP systems and can have a big impact on the performance of your firewall .
I 'll quote him in saying , " Feel free to blame the netfilter / iptables developers , since it 's our fault to offer such a broken interface in the first place . "
The alternative interface , ctnetlink , is not widely available yet , so iptstate has no other options at this time .
When it becomes an option , I will explore it .
Harald let me know about this a while ago , and it was supposed to go in the documentation for 1.4 , but I forgot about it until after I released it , so I 'm posting it here .
04/16/05 New screenshots
To go with the new release , there are now new screenshots .
04/16/05 IPTState 1.4 released !
I have released IPTState 1.4 !
It has lots of new features like filtering on IP address , marking truncated names , add filter of DNS entries to make name - resolution mode cleaner , and various source and documentation cleanups .
Check the changelog for details .
05/29/03
Do you use IPTState ?
If you use IPTState , I 'd like to know .
Drop me an email ( preferably with " iptstate " somewhere in the subject ) .
I may not respond to everyone , but I 'd like to get an idea of how many people use this .
Also please include the size of the site your using it at ( home office , small business , major ISP , etc. ) .
Thanks !
05/28/03 IPTState 1.3 !
It 's here !
Enjoy .
Be sure to check the changelog !
05/21/03 Oops
The next version is ready but I 'm in the process of moving so most of my machines are in boxes , you will see it soon .
04/27/03 Alive and Well
For those that are wondering , and / or worried , iptstate is alive and well .
I spent a long time tonight working on version 1.2.2 , and there 's some very cool things in it .
Features are fairly stable at this point , I have a few bug fixes to add , some docs to update , and some testing to do , and then you guys will have it !
I do have a new job , so time is n't something I have a ton of right now , but I promise you will have 1.2.2 soon .
10/28/02 Memory Leak - SOLVED !
Check out this page for information on the infamous memory leak ...
07/01/02 1.2.1 Released / Screenshot
IPTState 1.2.1 is officially released .
Nothing major , just a few small updates .
Check the changelog .
I also added a screenshot to the website .
05/03/02 Sourceforge
I have opened an account at SourceForge for IPTState .
Over the next few months I may migrate this site over there - or I may use both , I have n't decided .
In the meantime , the project is listed and downloadable from there so at least SourceForge users can find the project .
05/02/02 See NOTES ( below )
See the NOTES section ( this page , below ) on a common compile problem .
04/20/02 Version 1.2.0 released - UPDATE
There was a small bug in the Makefile , I accidentally erased a line .
It may not affect you , if you get 'g not found ' or something to that effect , re-download 1.2.0 .
04/20/02 Version 1.2.0 released
There is a PLETHORA of new features .
Check the Changelog !
04/05/02 Online Wishlist
I 've added a wishlist which details what 's in the next feature and what I plan and do n't plan on adding to IPTState .
It 's an updated version of the WISHliST file in the latest tarball .
It will also you let you know what to not bother writing patches for . =)
04/04/02
Stuff not to send patches for
Hey everyone ... the following things I 've already written ( or mostly written ) for the next version and so do n't waste your time writing patches : proper IP sorting , sorting by port , adding totals / statistics , dns lookups .
03/30/02
Note to those thinking of packaging IPTState
Thinking about / planning to / already package and / or submit IPTState to a particular Linux distribution ?
PLEASE CONTACT ME FIRST .
03/30/02 Version 1.1.0 released
Lots of new features and bug fixes .
Check the Changelog for details .
Please check all new documentation as well .
02/27/02 Version 1.0.1 is here
Check the Changelog for all the updates .
This should eliminate all compile errors .
02/23/02 Version 1.0 released .
Website opens .
Notes
Getting errors like this during compile :
iptstate.cc:286 : cannot convert ' in_addr*' to ' const char * ' for argument ' 1 ' to ' hostent * gethostbyaddr( const char* , int , int ) '
?
You need to upgrade your glibc !
?
You need to upgrade your glibc !
Want to be notified of new releases ?
You can " subscribe " to IPTState at Freshmeat .
While you 're there , give it a rating and let me know how you feel about the software .
This page is © Phil Dibowitz 2001 - 2011
Countdown 101
Begin final vehicle and facility close - outs for launch
Check out backup flight systems
Review flight software stored in mass memory units and display systems
Load backup flight system software into the orbiter 's general purpose computers
Remove middeck and flight deck platforms
Activate and test navigational systems
Complete preparation to load power reactant storage and distribution system
Complete flight deck preliminary inspections
Clear launch pad of all non-essential personnel
Begin loading cryogenic propellants into orbiter 's power reactant storage and distribution ( PRSD ) system
Begin operations to load cryogenic reactants into the orbiter 's fuel cell storage tanks
Demate the orbiter 's midbody umbilical unit
Clean and vacuum crew module
External tank nosecone purge
Begin final preparations of the orbiter 's three main engines for main propellant tanking and flight
Fill launch pad sound suppression system water tank
Resume orbiter and ground support equipment close - outs
Close out the tail service masts on the mobile launcher platform
Weather and engineering briefings
Pad debris inspection and closeout
Flight crew equipment late stow
Move rotating service structure to " park " position
Activate the orbiter 's inertial measurement units and communications systems
Perform ascent switch list
Activate the orbiter 's fuel cells
Clear the blast danger area of all nonessential personnel
Switch the orbiter 's purge air to gaseous nitrogen
Mission Management Team and launch director receive weather update
Launch team verifies no violations of launch commit criteria before loading the external tank with propellants
Clear pad of all personnel
Chill - down of propellant transfer lines
Begin loading the external tank with about 500,000 gallons of cryogenic propellants
Finish filling the external tank with its flight load of liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen propellants
External tank loading enters stable replenish
Perform inertial measurement unit preflight calibration
Align Merritt Island Launch Area ( MILA ) tracking antennas
Final Inspection
Team proceeds to the launch pad to conduct a detailed analysis of the vehicle as the team walks up and down the entire launch tower
Closeout Crew proceeds to the launch pad to configure the crew module for countdown and launch and assist the astronauts with entry into the orbiter
Televised weather briefing
Flight crew weather briefing
Astronaut Support Person enters crew module and begins comm checks
Crew departs for the launch pad and , upon arriving at the pad , begins entry into the orbiter via the White Room
Complete close - out preparations in the launch pad's White Room
Check cockpit switch configurations
Astronauts perform air - to - ground voice checks with Launch Control ( Kennedy Space Center ) and Mission Control ( Johnson Space Center )
Close the orbiter 's crew hatch and check for leaks
Complete White Room close - out
Close - out crew retreats to fallback area
NASA Test Director conducts final launch team briefings
Complete inertial measurement unit preflight alignments
Transition the orbiter 's onboard computers to launch configuration
Start fuel cell thermal conditioning
Close orbiter cabin vent valves
Transition backup flight system to launch configuration
Final launch window determination
Activate flight recorders
Final " go / no - go " launch polls conducted by NASA Test Director , Mission Management Team and launch director
Start automatic ground launch sequencer
Retract orbiter access arm ( T - 7 minutes , 30 seconds )
Start auxiliary power units ( T - 5 minutes , 0 seconds )
Arm solid rocket booster range safety safe and arm devices ( T - 5 minutes , 0 seconds )
Start orbiter aerosurface profile test , followed by main engine gimbal profile test ( T - 3 minutes , 55 seconds )
Retract gaseous oxygen vent arm , or " beanie cap " ( T - 2 minutes , 55 seconds )
Crew members close and lock their visors ( T - 2 minutes , 0 seconds )
Orbiter transfers from ground to internal power ( T - 50 seconds )
Ground launch sequencer is go for auto sequence start ( T - 31 seconds )
Activate launch pad sound suppression system ( T - 16 seconds )
Activate main engine hydrogen burnoff system ( T - 10 seconds )
Main engine start ( T - 6.6 seconds )
Solid rocket booster ignition and liftoff !
NASA 's John F. Kennedy Space Center
The countdown clock is one of the most - watched timepieces in the world .
On this page , you 'll learn how the countdown operates , and what milestones to watch for during our live launch coverage .
Pauses in the countdown , or " holds , " are built into the countdown to allow the launch team to target a precise launch window , and to provide a cushion of time for certain tasks and procedures without impacting the overall schedule .
For the space shuttle countdown , built - in holds vary in length and always occur at the following times : T - 27 hours , T - 19 hours , T - 11 hours , T - 6 hours , T - 3 hours , T - 20 minutes , and T - 9 minutes .
Here are some of the key events that take place at each milestone after the countdown begins .
Note : Event times and lengths are approximate and subject to change .
The Shuttle Test Director performs the traditional call to stations and the countdown clock is activated .
This is the first built - in hold and typically lasts four hours .
This built - in hold typically lasts four hours , but may be extended if PRSD offload is required .
This built - in hold varies between 13 to 14 hours .
This built - in hold typically lasts two hours , or one hour for a 24 - or 48 - hour scrub .
This built - in hold typically lasts two - and - a - half hours .
This built - in hold typically lasts 10 minutes .
This is the final built - in hold , and varies in length depending on the mission .
Ray Hui :
What everyone wants to know is how long have you been training striking and your all - around MMA game ?
Braulio Estima :
You 're based out of England .
How did you decide on Greg Jackson 's gym ?
When do you begin your camp specifically for this fight ?
Has Roger Gracie given you advice on transitioning to MMA , cause he 's been there before ?
You 're expected to fight Rick Hawn , who also comes from a grappling background .
Have you watched tape on him yet ?
What weight class will this fight be at ?
So you 're basically testing the waters to go down to 170 .
You won medals in major BJJ events last year .
Obviously no ADCC this year , but will you be looking to defend your titles , for example , at the worlds ?
What do you do in preparation for a BJJ tournament and will that conflict with a camp for a MMA fight ?
In MMA , you 'll have an opponent to specifically prepare for , while in a BJJ , unless it 's a super fight , you 're going to have to train for a group of guys in a tournament format .
What about that difference ?
Before we go , can you clear up what exactly last happened last weekend ?
There 's a story that you got into an altercation in Texas and gun shots were fired in the air .
That was still a scary situation though , was n't it ?
Jose Aldo was the general consensus 2009 MMA fighter for the year , but if you asked me who the 2009 BJJ / submission grappler of the year was , I 'd point you to the direction of Braulio Estima Estima won not only the 2009 ADCC titles in the absolute division and his own division , but he also won gold at the BJJ worlds , gold at the European championships and beat Marcelo Garcia to claim second at the Pro Cup .
Estima will begin his first MMA camp for his MMA debut expected for Shine 3 on May 15 .
In this interview with MMA Fighitng , Estima talks about moving to MMA , and brushes off an altercation that occurred last weekend .
I 've been training on and off throughout the last two years of my career , just to get an idea .
Because I knew sooner or later I was going to fight .
Now I 'm specifically working on my striking and wrestling because I know once I 'm on the ground , I 'm going to be pretty comfortable .
I know I have a few situations I 'm going to need to adjust with striking involved , but I 've been training now with Rashad Evans , Nate Marquardt and I 've been training with Renzo Gracie , a lot of the top guys , Ricardo Almeida , Roger Gracie , so I think I have a good team behind me .
I 've just been learning a lot .
I feel like a blue belt again , which is good .
Another challenge for myself .
Always my main camp was Renzo Gracie Academy and since then Rashad went there to train , and Georges St - Pierre went there to train , so that became a link with people here .
I also knew , a good friend of mine , Amal Easton from Boulder , Colorado .
So I was there a week ago , it was a great experience .
As for Greg Jackson , I was here doing a seminar here in Albuquerque and I decided to check out the facility , that 's where I am at the moment .
I came in on a train last night .
I trained this morning .
It 's pretty good .
Because of the links between the teams , it was good for me to come out here .
It 's going to be from next week onwards .
I 'm going to have my foundation in England , with my MMA coach , with my MMA group that we have in England .
And that will be the foundation of my training .
Doing a lot of conditioning , doing a lot of circuits and stuff , and then I will be back in America a month before the fight , when I will fine tune my technical part .
Roger is one of my best training partners I have in Brazilian jiu - jitsu when we train together for main events .
He 's given me a lot of ideas and he 's helped me out in every ( way ) he can .
He 's going to be doing the same kind of camp .
I 'm not sure if he 's coming to Greg Jackson , but he 's definitely going to train at Renzo's and he 's definitely going to try to go to Denver as well .
I 've seen a couple of fights and he 's a tough kid .
He 's very strong , very explosive .
I 'm not expecting an easy fight at all .
He 's a top judo player in the world , so he 's an athlete himself .
Whoever does less mistakes will win .
He already has experience in MMA , 5 - 0 .
He has a pretty good advantage in the cage , but I 'm going to try work myself in a situation where this wo n't affect me .
We 're going to be fighting at a catchweight of 175 .
Yes .
Yes , I want to do the worlds .
BJJ for me is like fun .
I do because I love to do .
I do because I have fun doing it .
I do n't have to prove nobody nothing .
I think I 've already shown enough on the mats so if I really love to do , I 'm just going to do my best .
Of course , I 'm going to try to win because I 'm a very competitive person .
A lot of people are afraid when they start training MMA of putting their name on the line and they 're not fighting BJJ anymore .
Because they focus on they got to win and they got to focus on one thing -- which I think is good , but in the other part , the BJJ is part of my conditioning training too .
I 'm going to do one competition before Shine which will be one month before , a gi competition in Abu Dhabi .
That will be a pretty good one .
I like to compete .
I like to show my techniques around .
I think it 's my way to contribute to Brazilian jiu - jitsu .
I do n't think it 's fair we 're losing all our top BJJ ( athletes ) because of MMA .
I think MMA is great .
It 's challenging and intense , but we do n't necessarily have to stop BJJ fighting .
If you see Roger Gracie , he 's fighting MMA and one month later he 's world champion again .
I do concentrate myself for like six to 10 weeks on cardio and according to what I 'm going to be fighting .
But luckily the BJJ fight in April will be six minutes .
The preparation will pretty much be the same ( as MMA ) .
Focus on the explosion and the intensity of the training .
It 'll be similar .
I think it 's cool .
I like it better .
I think Brazilian jiu - jitsu world championships , like in Abu Dhabi , much tougher competition cause we fighting different people all the time .
You do n't know who you 're going to be facing the next round , so you can't plan a strategy .
And if you get a tough fight the first round and the other guy gets by the first round easily , so you 're going to get a fresh guy on the second round .
Whereas , in the second round of MMA , we are both in the same condition because we are fighting each other .
So this will be a little bit more fairer ....
In BJJ , you might have eight more rounds with different opponents -- might be easier , might be not .
I think it 's much tougher to get ready for a BJJ competition than MMA .
Just some dumbass talking ( expletive ) on the internet without knowing what really happened .
They said I almost got run over ... ( Laughs . )
I was in a car parking and a guy honked at me and I looked at the guy and the guy came out of the truck and he said , " what are you doing ?
blah , blah , blah ... "
He just run up at me and I just restrained him and then asked him to go back and then asked him to go back .
And then he left , and I got in my car and left and then afterwards they had some shots in the air , and people said I was involved and I got shot , but it was nothing like that .
It was completely people just over - exaggerating .
My mom was worried -- thought I was dead .
It was a little ... I 'm from Brazil .
Brazil is like pretty rough .
In Brazil , you can just kick the crap out of anyone and just leave them and everything is going to be fine .
Here you can not do that .
That 's why when the guy came over to me , I was like " I do n't want to fight you , " and I just restrained him , put him in a sequence where he could n't do nothing and ( told him ) , " Listen bro , just leave here . "
( And he was like ) " Sorry , sorry " and I let him go .
He got into his car and I got into my car .
I left and afterwards I heard shots and I do n't even know if it was the same person .
When asked to inhibit their response to a " cocaine - cues " video , active cocaine abusers were , on average , able to suppress activity in brain regions linked to drug craving , according to a new study at the U.S. Department of Energy 's Brookhaven National Laboratory .
The results , to be published in an upcoming issue of NeuroImage , suggest that clinical interventions designed to strengthen these inhibitory responses could help cocaine abusers stop using drugs and avoid relapse .
" Exposure to drugs or stimuli associated with using drugs is one of the most common factors leading to relapse in drug - addicted individuals , " said Nora Volkow , Director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse and lead author on the paper .
" We know from previous studies that drug cues can trigger dramatic changes in the brain that are linked to a strong craving response , " added co-author Gene - Jack Wang , Chair of Brookhaven 's medical department .
" This study provides the first evidence that cocaine abusers retain some ability to cognitively inhibit their craving responses to drug - related cues . "
Added Volkow , " Our findings provide enormous hope because they imply that cognitive interventions might be developed to maximize cocaine abusers ' success in blocking the drug - craving response to help them avoid relapse . "
The scientists used a brain - scanning technique called positron emission tomography ( PET ) and a radioactively " tagged " form of glucose -- the brain 's main fuel -- to measure brain activity in 24 active cocaine abusers during three different conditions :
while subjects simply lay in the scanner with eyes open ; while subjects watched a " cocaine - cues " video with scenes simulating the purchase , preparation , and smoking of crack cocaine ; and while subjects watched the video but were told to try to inhibit their craving response .
Scans were performed in random order and on separate days .
In each scan , the PET camera tracked the radioactive signal from the tagged glucose as it was taken up by various regions of the brain .
A stronger signal indicates higher metabolic activity in a particular brain region where more glucose is being used .
This technique allows scientists to accurately monitor which brain regions are most active and how that activity changes with time or in response to different situations .
The scientists also monitored the research subjects ’ heart rate and blood pressure and asked them to describe their level of craving during the scans .
Compared with the baseline condition , the cocaine - cues video triggered increases in brain activity in several brain regions associated with drug craving , as well as increases in research subjects ’ self - reports of craving .
When the research subjects were asked to inhibit their response to the video , and those scans were compared with the no-inhibition condition , metabolic activity decreased dramatically in brain regions involved in experiencing and anticipating rewards , and in a part of the brain that plays a role in assigning value , or salience , to different stimuli .
During inhibition , research subjects also reported lower levels of craving compared with the no-inhibition video condition .
The researchers say the findings have significant clinical implications : “ Many current drug treatment programs help addicted individuals predict when and where they might be exposed to drug cues so that they can avoid such situations , ” Volkow said .
“ While this is a very useful strategy , in real - word situations , cues may come up in unexpected ways .
Our findings suggest that a clinical strategy that trains cocaine abusers to exert greater cognitive control could help them selectively inhibit the craving response whenever and wherever drug cues are encountered — whether expectedly or unexpectedly . ”
Because inhibitory control is crucial for regulating emotions and desires , the findings from this study could have implications for other disorders involving loss of behavioral control , such as gambling and obesity .
This study was supported by the intramural program from the National Institutes of Health Intramural Research Program at the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism .
Brookhaven Lab ’s infrastructure for PET imaging and radiotracer development also receive support from the DOE Office of Science .
Il nuovo adattatore USB 2.0 802.11n " AirStation N- Technology WLI - UC - GNHP " firmato Buffalo permette di incrementare le performance e la copertura della propria rete wireless , offrendo un accesso alla rete fino a 150 M bps a fronte di un minimo ingombro ed un costo accessibile .
Buffalo
Technology , famoso produttore mondiale nella progettazione , sviluppo e produzione di soluzioni storage e per reti wireless , presenta l’adattatore USB 2.0 AirStation N - Technology WLI -UC-GNHP , un dispositivo USB che consente di portare la connettività wireless ad elevata velocità su notebook , netbook e PC desktop ed al contempo migliorare la copertura della propria rete senza fili .
Compatto , elegante e semplice da usare , il nuovo adattatore USB 2.0 della famiglia AirStation è dotato di antenna regolabile ed offre un accesso di rete fino a 150 Mbps , contribuendo ad eliminare efficacemente il problema dei “ punti morti ” nell ’area di copertura e rendendo lo streaming di video , voce e musica estremamente fluido e senza interruzioni .
Grazie al sistema di sicurezza proprietario AirStation One - Touch Secure System ( AOSS ) , attivabile tramite una semplice procedura , è possibile impostare la propria connessione wireless ad alta velocità in pochi minuti e con la garanzia della massima sicurezza .
Specifiche tecniche :
Conformità agli standard : IEEE802.11n , IEEE802.11g , IEEE802.11b
Metodo di trasmissione : DSSS ( Direct Sequence Spread Spectrum ) , OFDM , MIMO
Intervallo di frequenza : 2,412 – 2,462 MHz ( Canali 1 - 11 )
Velocità di trasmissione :
Modalità 802.11n : max .
150 Mbps
Modalità 802.11g : max .
54Mbps
Modalità 802.11b : max .
11Mbps
Modalità 802.11n : max .
150 Mbps Modalità 802.11g : max .
54 Mbps Modalità 802.11b : max .
11 Mbps Metodo di accesso : CSMA/CA
Modalità di accesso : Infrastructure
Sicurezza : WPA2 - PSK ( AES , TKIP ) , WPA - PSK ( AES , TKIP ) , 128/64bit WEP
Supporto SO : Windows 7 ( 32/64 bit ) , Windows Vist™ ( 32/64 bit ) , Windows XP
Dimensioni ( L x P x A ) : 25 x 124 x 142 mm
Peso : 15 g
Temperatura di esercizio : 0 - 40° C , 20 - 80 % ( senza condensa )
Alimentazione : Bus USB
L’adattatore USB 2.0 WLI - UC - GNHP è fornito con 2 anni di garanzia ed é disponibile presso Misco.it , Monclick .it , Multimedia Planet e Eprice .it con prezzo di vendita al pubblico consigliato di Euro 26,99 ( IVA incl . ) .
Yellow Buses said paint had caused damage to vehicles in the past A bus driver told a passenger he could not board his vehicle because he was carrying a tin of fence paint .
Brian Wakley , from Sandford in Dorset , was 10 miles ( 16 km ) from home when told he could not board the 1B Bournemouth to Poole Transdev Yellow Buses service .
The retired office worker said he was told the £ 3.75 can of non-toxic green paint breached regulations .
The company said paint was banned from being carried on to its vehicles because it could cause a mess .
Mr Wakley , who said he was over 65 , said : " It 's absolutely diabolical .
Millions of people rely on public transport to take home things like paint and DIY equipment .
' Against regulations '
" It was a five - litre sealed plastic pot .
I know it was innocuous because I took the liberty of contacting the manufacturer .
" The driver said to me , ' I 'm sorry you can't come aboard because you are carrying a banned substance ' .
" I said , ' It 's a can of paint ' .
He said it was against regulations . "
The driver clearly felt that by allowing this gentleman on the bus with the paint it would breach our Conditions of Carriage
Ed Wills , Yellow Buses
He added : " You see yobs on buses eff-ing and blinding and yet here I am , a pensioner , carrying some paint .
It makes me feel like my human rights have been violated . "
After being left at the roadside , Mr Wakley called a friend to take him to his home near Wareham .
He later called the company and it confirmed its policy .
Ed Wills , Yellow Buses ' head of operations , said : " I recognise that the issue of carrying paint on buses is something some people may think is a minor issue but , unfortunately , over the years we have experienced instances of paint being accidentally dropped by passengers and spilling over the floor , on to seats and splashing other passengers . "
He added : " Rules can be open to interpretation and we rely on our drivers to exercise discretion when dealing with issues such as this .
" In this case the driver clearly felt that by allowing this gentleman on the bus with the paint it would breach our Conditions of Carriage . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Technically , you ’re already a cyborg .
If you keep your cell phone with you most of the time , especially if the earpiece is in place , I think we can call that arrangement an exobrain .
Do n’t protest that your cellphone is n’t part of your body just because you can leave it in your other pants .
If a cyborg can remove its digital eye and leave it on a shelf as a surveillance device , and I think we all agree that it can , then your cellphone qualifies as part of your body .
In fact , one of the benefits of being a cyborg is that you can remove and upgrade parts easily .
So do n’t give me that “ It ’s not attached to me ” argument .
You ’re already a cyborg .
Deal with it .
Your regular brain uses your exobrain to outsource part of its memory , and perform other functions , such as GPS navigation , or searching the Internet .
If you ’re anything like me , your exobrain is with you 24 - hours a day .
It ’s my only telephone device , and I even sleep next to it because it ’s my alarm clock .
What I need for the next upgrade to my exobrain is a special Dilbert pocket on all of my shirts .
It should be located where Dilbert ’s shirt pocket is , but have a cutout hole for the exobrain ’s eye , which at the moment is just a camera lense .
As my exobrain becomes more capable , and eventually self - aware , it will want to be able to watch the world with me and whisper in my ear via Bluetooth to my earpiece as needed .
A prototype of such a device was presented at the TED conference .
( I ’m sure someone will include a proper citation in the comments .
I could n’t find it as I wrote this . )
Among other things , my exobrain will recognize faces and automatically cross reference them to Facebook and other social media .
Would n’t it be great to meet someone you have met before and have your exobrain whisper to your earpiece “ That ’s Bob .
He ’s a chiropractor .
Judging from his lack of a wedding ring and the way his eyes dilate when he looks at you , he is sexually attracted . ”
Your exobrain will even prompt you on social niceties , noticing before you do that a person has lost weight , or changed hairstyles , or ( based on Facebook ) taken a trip to Cabo .
When you get cornered by a bore at a party , your exobrain will recognize that you are n’t doing any of the talking , and place a discreet call to your wing man or woman across the room for a rescue mission .
If you want your exobrain to show you an image , such as a web page , just hold up a blank piece of paper and its pico projector will display the image in front of you .
( That ’s from TED again . )
In a pinch , just hold up the palm of your hand and project on that .
By then the exobrain will have image stabilization software , so you can project a movie on a blank wall and it wo n’t be affected by your fidgeting .
Any time you are near a computer screen , it will ask if you want it to accept images from your exobrain .
In the short run , I think you ’ll see a variety of ways to control your exobrain .
Obviously you can already take it out of your pocket and use its touch screen or keypad .
And obviously there will be voice control .
But I think you will see some version of the African Clicking language employed .
If you want to know the weather forecast , for example , just click three times softly inside your mouth .
Your exobrain is unlikely to confuse that signal with regular conversation , and it ’s easier and quieter than normal language , albeit with a smaller vocabulary .
But if you add “ Shhh ” to “ Click ” you have the basis of morse code , so lots of combinations are possible .
One of those codes could simply alert the exobrain that the next regular word you speak is meaningful .
Every bit of what I described is probably coming ( except for maybe the African Clicking language ) .
And that shirt pocket will be called a Dilbert Pocket .
I do n’t see any way around that .
For that , I apologize to all of my fellow cyborgs .
“ You can now hide cameras but generally cameras are a physical manifestation of surveillance .
With the internet , you are sitting at home which you think is private , but of course it is declared a public space because your service provider knows everywhere you ’ve gone , everything you ’ve downloaded , it knows everything , potentially ” , he told The Daily Telegraph .
EDITORS NOTE : This FanPost by Mr. Overmars does a great job of testing many assumptions people have about what affects the Thrashers attendance with a look at the actual data .
So I moved this to the main page so that more people would have a chance to read it .
Much has been made about Thrashers attendance from both in and outside of the fan base .
I ’ve long thought of Atlanta as an event town .
Meaning that you have to make something special in order for the town folk to give you any attention .
For the Thrashers I believe consistent winning constitutes an event .
The one thing that makes the Thrashers appointment viewing .
Since we 've yet to become must - see in our own town I ’ve decided to take a deeper dive in to the numbers focusing on the seasons following the lock out of 2004 - 05 and give some special consideration to some popular myths .
Since said lockout there have been 182 games played in Philips Arena including the 18 matches contested this season to date .
Looking at the big picture .
The Thrashers have averaged 15,373 attendees over these 182 games which comes to 83 % of capacity ( 18,545 ) .
Over this same span the other 29 teams have combined to average 17,230 ( 94 % ) .
The Thrashers rank 29th , in average capacity ( 13,745 ; 74.1 % ) this season after averaging 23rd in the league the previous 4 seasons .
Thanks Coyotes .
The trend ?
2009 - 10 : 13,745 ( 74.1 % )
2008-09 : 14.626 ( 78.9 % ) 76 points
2007 -08 : 15,831 ( 85.4 % ) 76 points
2006 - 07 : 16,240 ( 87.6 % ) 97 points * Made Post Season
2005:06 : 15,550 ( 83.8 % ) 90 points
The bloom is most certainly off the rose as we ’ve seen Thrashers attendance settle to near worst in the league despite a team that had been successful on the ice through the first third of the 2009 - 10 season .
In fairness , it appears as if the city has responded when the club has won .
In 2006 - 07 the club played to 93 % capacity over the last quarter of the season averaging 17,328 fans per game ( 5 reported sell outs in 11 games ) .
Unfortunately this is really not a significant sample size to know if the fans will be there consistently if the team ices a winning product .
Myth : Atlanta fans wait for football season to end before focusing on the hockey season .
Because of travel in the southeast for football there is less time / disposable income for hockey games .
What does the data say ?
Average Attendance by month
2005 -09 09 - 10 to date
October : 14,932 14,894
November : 14,931 13,098
December : 15,970 13,994
January : 14,958 tbd
February : 16,361 tbd
March : 15,563 tbd
April : 17,287 tbd
While the numbers seem to support this theory with the average attendance spiking nicely in February and April I remain skeptical .
Since February ( circus ) and April ( season end ) are typically thin for home games and my skew the data I thought it would be interesting to take a deeper dive to see if there is a correlation on days of the week during the football season .
Myth : Fridays in the south is for high school football .
Families will not be available to attend games as they ’ll be at school functions .
The data :
Friday night average attendance from 2005 - 2010 : 16,667 ( 90 % ) .
October : 16,339 November : 16,634 December : 16,273 January : 16,355 February : 17,067 March : 17,602 April : n/
a
Average attendance on Fridays
With high school football in season : 16,511
While high school football is out : 16,755
Myth : Busted .
The numbers in December and January , when high schools are typically finished with their regular seasons , remain consistent with the in season numbers .
There is no direct data to show that Friday Night football is the reason for keeping the people out of the seats
We clearly show an uptick on Fridays later in the season but it cannot be attributed to the end of the high school football slate .
Myth :
The south is college football crazy .
Scheduling games on Saturdays is murder as the locals are focused on the Bulldogs and Jackets .
Lets move over to Saturdays shall we ?
Average Saturday night attendance 2005 - 10 : 17,178 ( 93 % capacity )
October : 16,190 November : 16,466 December : 16,456 January : 18,625 February : 18,545 March : 18,070 April : 18,103
Myth : Confirmed .
The numbers during the football season on Saturday are drastically lower than post bowl season .
Interesting to note that Saturdays in January and February have averaged a sell out over the past 5 years .
Going next level I was actually surprised to learn that the biggest inhibitor to Thrashers attendance was not the UGA Bulldogs but rather the Jackets of Tech .
The numbers :
Thrasher attendance when UGA plays that same day : 16,484
Thrasher attendance when GT plays the same day : 15,990
Since there is some cross over on the weekend they play each other I thought I ’d look at those weekends when ONLY Tech or UGA plays :
UGA only : 17,619 average attendance
GT only : 14,945 average attendance
As a control figure I also took a look at those Saturdays where neither Tech nor UGA played during the football season : 16,356 .
In the interest of full disclosure Georgia has played on opening night twice and Tech only once .
Opening nights are typically sell outs so that inflated the Bulldog numbers quite a bit .
Regardless , it ’s clear that even if the local elevens are off the region is focused on the gridiron rather than the ice .
What about Sundays ?
Do the Falcons have any impact on the Thrashers attendance ?
All time Sunday : 14,497 ( 78 % )
November : 12,000 December : 16,088 January : 15,311 February : 14,175 March : 16,618
Average when Falcons play : 12,806 ; Average when Falcons do n't play : 15,624
That would be yes .
In a big way .
The largest swing of the football competition .
Do n’t let anyone fool you .
This is a pro football town .
Does the opponent matter ?
We ’ve long heard that Atlanta is a city of transplants from the north .
The Thrashers are struggling to achieve a solid fan base because the out of towners have not abandoned their affiliations with the previous teams .
Below are the averages for each team .
Phoenix , I believe , can be taken with a grain of salt as they ’ve only appeared in Atlanta once and that was on a non football season Friday night .
I guess everyone wanted to get a glimpse at Gretzky .
Poor St Louis has come to town on Falcon Sundays twice in their 3 visits .
They were doomed from the start .
Also of note is the poor draw that is Nashville .
Many Thrashers fans have desired a regular meeting with the Preds due to their geographic proximity .
I think we may want to temper this movement as there appears to be little interest for the Predators outside of the resident topographers
Team Avg att % cap Phoenix 18545 100.00 % Detroit 18052 97.34 % Pittsburgh 16221 87.47 % Washington 16218 87.45 % Philadelphia 16212 87.42 % NY Rangers 16177 87.23 % Anaheim 16028 86.43 % Vancouver 15858 85.51 % Tampa Bay 15788 85.13 % Carolina 15758 84.97 % Buffalo 15755 84.96 % San Jose 15656 84.42 % Toronto 15606 84.15 % New Jersey 15494 83.55 % Montreal 15459 83.36 % AVG 15373 82.90 % Minnesota 15276 82.37 % Dallas 15251 82.24 % Boston 15105 81.45 % Calgary 14857 80.11 % Ottawa 14761 79.60 % Chicago 14685 79.19 % Los Angeles 14422 77.77 % NY Islanders 14366 77.47 % Florida 14088 75.97 % Nashville 13916 75.04 % Edmonton 13887 74.88 % Columbus 13566 73.15 % Colorado 13095 70.61z St Louis 13001 70.11 %
Ultimately without regard to opponent or other goings on the true trump card for Thrashers attendance is simply the day of the week .
Over the past 5 seasons the average by day of the week breaks down as :
Sunday : 14,997
Monday : 13,795
Tuesday : 13,929
Wednesday : 14,702
Thursday : 14,581
Friday : 16,667
Saturday : 17,178
A bit tough for the Thrashers this season as their remaining home schedule loads them up on tough draw nights :
Sun : 2
Mon : 1
Tue : 9
Wed : 0
Thu : 6
Fri : 1
Sat : 4
Thus I think its safe to surmise that Atlanta is NOT a hockey town .
The people will allegedly show up to the arena if they are playing well but we have not seen enough winning in Atlanta to generate a passion .
As it stands the Thrashers remain one of many entertainment options in the city .
We see larger crowds on the “ date nights ” and continue to struggle on work / school nights .
Until the team starts winning with regularity this team is not a must attend event .
Sources :
Thrasher attendance figures courtesy of www.atlantathrashers.com
MLB , NFL , NBA attendance figures courtesy of espn.com except 2005 Atlanta Falcons which was pulled from atlantafalcons.com
Atlanta stadia capacity figures courtesy of espn.com except Atlanta Hawks which was pulled from the Philips Arena Wikipedia site , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philips_Arena.
NHL Capacities courtesy of http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ice_hockey_arenas_by_capacity
Smartphone .
Biz -News.com spoke to Xavier Bertschy , CEO at xb83studio Sàrl and the founder of CityOnline.net , a specialist in web content management .
Xavier was one of the speakers at MobileMonday “ Android and web - convergence ” event that was held last …
Monday in Fribourg , Switzerland .
Smartphone.Biz-news.com :
Can you tell us a little about CityOnline .
net background and what other projects your team has worked on recently ?
Xavier Bertschy : CityOnline.net is a Swiss SME providing cityguide technology .
Our free service provides prompts information about all local activities of the user ’s region : cinemas , concerts , restaurants , hotels , museums and shopping .
Xavier Bertschy
Behind CityOnline.net is Skeeble ‘s technology .
Skeeble.com is a mobile internet database / Content Management System for everyone .
Skeeble imports data from all kinds of sources ( XML , databases , static HTML pages , WordPress , Drupal , Typo3 , Excel , Access , PDF , and many others ) and provides this data in a standard and structured format to all kinds of devices .
So as a result , you can manage all your content in one place and Skeeble takes care of creating the data for any interface required .
By having this available , services , events and even information related to tourism are easily accessible to a variety of devices such as mobile phones , smartphone , PDA , iPhone , PSP , Nintendo DS etc .
Skeeble automatically detects the user ’s device and adapts images , videos , sounds and texts for the interface the user is using .
A good example of this is Crans - Montana Tourism .
They had recently started to use our technology .
As a consequence , a user is able to access their website from the mobile .
What are your experiences with Android so far ?
Our R&D team has performed numerous test applications for internal use .
We have explored the main functionalities of the SDK , like the camera functions , the GPS device and the User Interface framework .
As yet , we have not developed a real and usable application , however in the near future we expect to release our first application .
CityOnline.net has its own Android application , but it ’s a WebView of the Web Application ( available with a mobile browser ) .
How the Android can help with web content management , its usability and accessibility ?
Android has an excellent web browser that supports all the latest technology , i.e. HTML 5 .
This allows the developers to be really inventive , as they can continue to use the Web 2.0 concepts that they are already familiar with .
We admit that a lot of current WebApps are now at the maturity stage , so why not adapt them to be usable on the mobiles phones ?
What distinguishes Android from other platforms ?
The alliance with Google and the mobile manufacturers will make Android available on many phones brands such as : Nokia , Samsung , LG , Motorola , HTC etc .
From what I have seen during the last months , almost all the mobile manufacturers have announced mobile phones with Android for the next two years .
How will Android benefit from the convergence of mobile and web ?
I think that Android will benefit from this convergence as it will universalize the usage of WebApp .
In this day , due to the constant increases in mobile internet connection speeds , the need for offline phone applications is quickly becoming redundant .
Cloud - computing is the next generation of application usage and Google is making preparations for it , at the same time it is also trying to influence the users / developers behavior using Android and Chrome OS .
Will Android and Chrome converge ?
Does it make sense ?
Do you agree that the future is just for the web - based apps ?
It is uncertain whether or not Android and Chrome will converge , but I think that Google is betting on the possibility that the usage of web - based apps will flourish .
Most of all their services are available through the mobile browsers and are really handy .
One of the biggest advantages of web - based apps is that they are compatible with a great number of different devices and browsers unlike native applications .
What are the main problems Android has to struggle with ?
The Market is one of the biggest weaknesses for Android , reason being there is no way to search a specific application , and at present the quality and the quantity of applications are really low .
However , Android is still young and emerging , and Google is constantly improving it day by day .
The Android developers struggle with the problem of custom firmware on many phones as well as the hardware differences between different models .
Is there any solution in your mind of how the Android could solve this problem ?
I do n’t think there is an easy way to manage these problems .
For instance , let ’s think about the web : with the multitude of different OS and browsers , it gives the developers a hard time but they have learned to deal with that problem .
The mobile development will have the same difficulties in the future .
For example , if one wants his / her application to be available on all the different models of devices , he / she would have to be well - informed on the differences and adapt or redevelop the application for each interface .
Having said that , it ’s not just a simple technical adaptation ; you will have to consider the navigation system , the screen size , the kind of available interactions and many other parameters .
Perhaps WebApp is the solution but it ’s too soon to make this prediction .
Apple ’s App Store recently reached three billion downloads .
What are the perspectives for Android Market in terms of the competition with the App Store ?
I believe that Android Market will one day catch up the App Store .
Apple has the monopoly with the App Store because he was the first one in the business .
So why do I think that the Android Market will catch up the App Store .
There are three different iPhones on the market , but Android is different : manufacturer - free and carrier - free .
There is more and more devices with the Android OS , so if you do simple math : more phones = more customers = more money .
Do you agree with the opinion that the Google ’s main goal of releasing Nexus One was to gather critical user data for developing new software and improving Android ?
It ’s really difficult to say what is the main goal of Google .
I imagine that Google wants to have a functional phone to show the others manufacturers the possibilities of Android OS .
Is it possible to imagine Android without Google behind it ?
How would the Android operating system look like without Google ’s web - based services ?
There are n’t many companies which can afford the costs to develop a free mobile operating system , Microsoft and Apple already have their own system .
But sometimes the open source community on the web can be surprisingly innovative and maybe one day we will see a new open source mobile operating system .
And Android , without all Google ’s services , would only be a mobile operating system like the others without any advantages .
It ’s understandable that Google integrates its services in Android , it ’s a good way to get more users and develop their loyalty .
What is your best Android feature or application ?
Actually , I have two preferences : the customizable home screen with widgets and the integration of Google ’s services such as Gmail , the contacts and the calendar .
***
Mobile Monday is a global community of mobile industry visionaries , developers and influentials fostering cooperation and cross - border business development through virtual and live networking events to share ideas , best practices and trends from global markets .
Canada 's largest newspaper group is on the auction block amid the biggest upheaval in the country 's media industry in years .
CanWest Global Communications Corp. , whose late founder Israel ( Izzy ) Asper once dreamed of creating a worldwide media empire , put most of its big -city dailies into bankruptcy protection Friday after sinking under about $ 3 billion of debt .
The move ends almost a decade of efforts by the Asper family to make many of Canada 's leading newspapers a key part of their drive to turn what was once a small , Winnipeg - based company into a national powerhouse , influencing opinion across the country and beyond .
CanWest said its newspapers – including the National Post , its only daily not now under protection from creditors – are looking for new owners in hopes of wiping out some of the company 's debt while keeping the newspapers in business .
The long - anticipated filing for a court - supervised restructuring comes as the newspaper industry undergoes wrenching changes .
Advertising revenue is beginning to recover after the recession , but the move by readers and advertisers to the Internet remains a major challenge for the industry .
" It 's a sad day for me .
The Aspers have lost control of Izzy 's legacy , " said Ray Heard , a longtime Asper family adviser .
Izzy Asper died in 2003 , leaving his son Leonard in charge as CanWest 's CEO .
The company hopes to fetch between $ 1 billion and $ 1.5 billion for the newspaper group – less than half what it paid Conrad Black 's Hollinger group for it in 2000 .
Last October , CanWest took many of its broadcasting properties , including Global TV , into bankruptcy protection .
The Aspers intend to retain control of their broadcasting business , the foundation of the family 's shrinking empire , but they are likely to have little role in the future newspaper company .
Photo : Nobuaki Tanaka for The New York Times
Piispainkokous päätti alkuviikosta , että kirkko ei siunaa samaa sukupuolta olevien rekisteröityä parisuhdetta .
Homo - tai lesboparin liiton puolesta voi kuitenkin rukoilla .
Samaa sukupuolta olevien rekisteröity parisuhde on yhä kirkolle hankala asia .
Edes piispat eivät ole löytäneet asiassa yhteistä säveltä .
Diakoniapastori Arja Penttinen Lohjan seurakunnasta toivoo , etteivät ihmiset hylkäisi kirkkoa .
Hän itse on siunannut homo- ja lesbopareja pitkään .
- En näe , että kahden samaa sukupuolta olevan rekisteröity parisuhde olisi uhka heteroseksuaaliselle avioliitolle , Penttinen toteaa .
Oikeus työskennellä kirkossa
Piispainkokous linjaa myös , että rekisteröityneen parisuhteen solmiminen ei ole este toimia kirkon työssä .
Teologian opiskelija Veronica Saarela ei usko , että nykytilanteeseen olisi tulossa muutoksia .
Työyhteisöjä on erilaisia .
- Tilanne on aivan sama kuin tähänkin asti .
Pitää miettiä tarkkaan , mihin hiippakuntaan hakee töihin ja millainen piispa siellä on .
Papit piispoja vapaamielisempiä
Pappisliitto kyseli papeilta muutama vuosi sitten , miten he suhtautuvat homo- ja lesboparien suhteen siunaamiseen .
Lähes puolet papeista oli valmis harkitsemaan asiaa .
Piispainkokouksen mielestä homopareille voidaan sallia rukoushetki , mutta ei siunaamista .
- Rukoushetki päättyy aina siunaamiseen .
Miten voin erotella ihmisiä , kaikille on oikeus siunaamiseen , sanoo diakoniapastori Arja Penttinen Lohjalta .
Kirkolliskokous käsittelee piispojen linjanvetoa myöhemmin tänä keväänä .
TV1 :n uutiset 20.30
Lähteet : YLE Uutiset / Kristiina Tolkki
Mousavi ’s Daughters Write of Parents House Arrest : “ The House is Dark With No Sign of Life , Does Anyone Hear Our Cries of Pain ? ” February 24th , 2011 – Without any news regarding their parents , Mousavi and Rahnavard ’s children write a letter describing the pain and suffering they have endured over the past two weeks .
In this letter , they explain that the last telephone conversation with their parents took place on the afternoon of February 14th , 2011 [ 25 Bahman 1389 ] .
Since then , despite daily visits to Akhtar street where their parents live , in order to inquire about their well being , they have experience nothing but insults , aggressiveness , profanities and defiance .
Continue Reading February 25 , 2011 at 4:25 am
Report of Arrested Citizens during February 14th and February 20th Protests Two Protesters on February 20th Arrested | Amirkabir University Faculty Member Abdollah Sadri Among February 14th Detainees | Azad University Student Farnaz Kamali Arrested on February 20th Protests |
At least 50 Arrested in Shiraz during February 14th Protests | Tehran University Students Habib Farahzadi and Sohrab Jafari Arrested | Five Khajeh Nasir University Students Arrested | Four Students at Ferdowsi University of Mashhad Detained | Alborz Almasi and Ayandeh Almasi Arrested | Mohammad Ali Malekian Detained and Seyed Ali Hossein - Doust Taleshani Sentenced | Singer and Composer Afshin Taheri Arrested | Director and Filmmaker Mehdi Sharifian Arrested During February 14th Protests | Student Activists Ali Yazdanpanah and Sara Bagheri Arrested | 16 People Arrested During Funeral Services for Saneh Jaleh at University of Art in Tehran | Continued Detention of 15 Students from Sharif University from February 14th Protests Continue Reading February 24 , 2011 at 5:01 am
Opposition Leader Mehdi Karroubi’s Family Gives Explicit Warning to Security Forces February 23 , 2011 – Following the raid of Mehdi Karroubi ’s residence by security forces two days ago , in which Mehdi Karroubi and his wife Fatemeh were locked in different rooms while their house was searched and books and documents were confiscated , the latest reports point to the fact that security agents are now deployed inside the building and have cleared the street .
According to Saham News , as of this morning , intelligence agents have now transferred their vehicles and equipment inside their property and completely occupied the building .
It is also being reported that as of 10 days ago , all necessities for Karroubi and his wife are being provided by security forces , a development of concern , given similar cases in the past in which physical elimination [ of the individual ] has been the direct objective .
Continue Reading February 24 , 2011 at 3:21 am
Brother of Martyr Mohammad Mokhtari : “ It ’s Painful , They Have Even Stolen My Brother ’s Coffin ” JARAS —
My brother loved freedom .
He loved life .
He was tired [ of the actions of Iran government ] and participated in Feb .
14th demonstration like many other youngsters just to say that he loved his country .
Now neither myself , nor any of my family members , can believe that Mohammad is no longer with us .
This is so cruel when we see that those who had no relation to my brother stole his coffin .
Continue Reading February 24 , 2011 at 2:33 am
Shiraz University Protests to Commemorate Fallen Classmate Turns Violent February 22 , 2011 — Today at 11:30 am , Shiraz University students attended a rally at Pardis square , but university basij and security forces were mobilized and the scene turned violent .
According to HRANA , there were over hundreds of students all calling for a reponse from the authorities of Shiraz University for Shiraz University student Hamed Nourmohammadi who lost his life .
Continue Reading February 23 , 2011 at 1:31 am
VIDEO | Protesters Arrested in Shiraz People help release an arrested protester Shiraz – February 20 , 2011 Brutal arrest of a protester in Shiraz – February 20 , 2011 February 20 , 2011 at 4:46 pm
Gatherings increase as night approaches Kaleme – Dispersed Gatherings in Tehran increasing as night approaches .
Each minute gatherings are increasing in certain areas of Tehran , including Vali-Asr Street , Chahar Rah Parkway , Mirdamad and Hafte - Tir squares .
According to Kaleme , on Mirdamad Street , military and plainclothes militia forces are clashing with protesters .
At Hafte - Tir Square there are also clashes between protesters and anti-riot forces .
Groups of people are moving toward the Seda O Sima television building .
There is a heavy presence of security , anti-riot , military , and plainclothes forces across Tehran .
February 20 , 2011 at 1:20 pm
VIDEO | Heavy security presence in Tehran Basij militia on motorbikes patrol streets of Tehran Heavy presence of Basij forces in Vali-e Asr , Tehran Metal wall built around Mir Hossein Mousavi ’s house Presence of security forces in Tehran ’s Enghelab Square February 20 , 2011 at 1:08 pm
General Strike in the City of Bookan HRANA– Certain Kurdish areas of Kurdistan go on general strike on February 20 , 2011 .
Based on reports received by Human Rights Activists News Agency ( HRANA ) , as much as 80 percent of shops have participated in a general strike in Bookan .
There is a severe security atmosphere in the city .
Moreover , a group of youth in the city of Mehabad have organized a gathering at Esteqhlal square , chanting anti-regime slogans in spite a considerable presence of security forces in Mehabad .
It should be noted that people in the Kurdish areas had decided to form an all - out general strike on the occasion of the 7th day of mourning for the death of Saneh Jale , a Kurdish student of Art Academy in Tehran who was shot dead by security forces 25 Bahman demonstrations on Monday , February 14 .
- Arash Azizi February 20 , 2011 at 11:45 am
Faezeh Hashemi Rafsanjani Arrested | Reuters Reuters – Iran arrested the daughter of former president Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani on Sunday for taking part in a banned opposition rally , the official IRNA news agency reported .
“ Faezeh Hashemi Rafsanjani was identified and arrested by security forces in Tehran while … making blunt statements and chanting provocative slogans , ” IRNA reported .
February 20 , 2011 at 11:19 am
Heavy presence of regime forces in the streets of Tehran , Kaleme reports A number of plainclothes , Basij , police , and anti-riot forces in the streets of Tehran are estimated to be more than last week ’s protest .
Kaleme reports that a few hundred security and military forces are present at Fatemi Square and Fatemi Street , shoulder to shoulder with each other , and they are not letting anybody gather .
The north side of Fatemi Square is completely controlled by police and the south side of the street is dominated by plainclothes forces .
Kaleme reporters compared today ’s atmosphere in Tehran with June 20 , 2009 .
People from all ages , from teenagers to senior citizens , are countering oppressive forces .
Today a new group of Revolutionary Guards , with uniforms never seen before , are present in the streets of Tehran .
Security and police forces are aimleslly moving among people , sometimes checking people ’s ID cards on Vali -Asr Street , around Motahari Street to Valiasr Square , Jomhouri Street and Vali -Asr crossroads .
The latest reports indicate that gatherings toward Enqelab and Jamalzadeh are forming .
– Arash Azizi February 20 , 2011 at 11:14 am
One person shot dead by security forces Daneshjoo News – According to an eyewitness , one person has been shot dead by security forces in Haft-e Tir Square ( # 7 on the map ) .
Crowds of protesters have joined each other in Enghelab Square ( #9 on the map ) .
Minutes after a gathering was formed in Haft-e Tir Square , security forces opened fire on the people .
According to Daneshjoo News , one protester has been killed in Haft-e Tir Square after being shot by security forces armed with hand guns .
Additionally , several other protesters have been injured as a result of clashes on Haft-e Tir Square .
One of the eyewitnesses told Daneshjoo News , the injuries sustained by the person shot was so much that ( s ) he lost his / her life within minutes of being shot .
Meanwhile , BBC has reported that an eyewitness has heard gunshots around Abbas Abad Street of Tehran .
Since this morning , special guard units and police forces accompanied by the Basij militia who are equipped with cold and live weapons .
They are stationed in Tehran ’s major squares to prevent the gathering of any protest gathering .
However , in some parts of Tehran like Vali -Asr Square ( #15 on the map ) , Haft-e Tir Square , Vanak Square ( # 21 on the map ) , and in front of Mellat Park ( # 22 on the map ) , people have gathered and chanted slogans against the regime .
Various Islamic Republic officials have warned in recent days that any gathering will be dealt with harshly .
Fars News
Agency published a news article this morning announcing that people will be killed by the Islamic Republic ’s opposition .
Despite all these , numerous reports from various cities like Isfahan , Shiraz , Mahabad , Sanandaj , Rasht , etc. indicate protesters have showed up and held rallies .
In Tehran , reports indicate that clashes have erupted in Enghelab Square between people and security forces .
There are also reports of a large crowd gathered around Vanak Square and Mellat Park .
BBC reported an hour ago that the Green protesters were moving along Keshavarz Blvd ( # 18 on the map ) toward Vali - Asr Square ( # 15 on the map ) while chanting slogans .
Other reports stated that anti-riot police forces have fired tear gas into the crowd at Vali -Asr Square .
Eyewitnesses report that around Park Way Square some of the protesters chanted slogans against Khamenei , the leader of the Islamic Republic of Iran .
There has been also protest gatherings on Sohrevardi St. and Vali-Asr Street .
Latest reports indicate the protesting crowds have been able to join together .
The crowd is growing in numbers .
Google Map February 20 , 2011 at 10:37 am
Severe clashes in Mirdamad streets Deutsche Welle– Based on an eyewitness report , security forces and plainclothes militia clash with protesters in Mirdamad street .
Gun shots are occasionally heard .
According to eyewitness reports , all streets leading to Azadi , Enqhelab and Vali-Asr are controlled by security forces on foot and motorcycles .
- Arash Azizi February 20 , 2011 at 10:35 am
Severe clashes between people and security forces in Rasht Jaras : Severe clashes between protesters and security and plainclothes forces have been reported on Motahari Street in the city of Rasht .
Some eyewitnesses in Rasht have estimated today ’s protesters to be more than last Monday ’s demonstrations .
The eyewitnesses also spoke of the high number of Basiji , security , and police forces in the city who have attempted to disperse the crowds with threats and intimidation .
February 20 , 2011 at 10:14 am
Sporadic demonstrations under tight security measures Radio France Internationale ( RFI ) -
While receiving accurate news from Iranian cities has become very difficult , various reports indicate sporadic rallies have been held in Tehran , Isfahan , Shiraz , Mahabad , and several other cities .
The heavy presence of anti-riot forces has been reported from downtown Tehran .
It is reported that some clashes occurred until 4:00 pm Tehran time .
RFI has reminded its readers that foreign media representatives are not allowed to be present at demonstrations .
Around 4:00 pm
Tehran time , eyewitnesses in Vali-Asr Square and Keshavar Blvd reported crowds have gathered and tear gas was fired .
The Saham News website , which has ties to Mehdi Karroubi , reported on the growing number of protesters in Isfahan .
It wrote , “ Many of the protesters have gathered in groups of a few dozens and sporadically chanted slogans ” .
Saham News also reported that “ around Vanak Square and Mellat Park in Tehran , a large crowd of protesters have gathered .
Plainclothes forces on motorcycles are maneuvering around Vanak Square and chanting slogans like “ Hezbollah Mashallah ” .
Reports of sporadic protests in the cities of Mahabad and Shiraz Based on various reports , it seems Vali - Asr square is the busiest location in Tehran .
Some of the opposition websites claim “ anti-riot forces have pulled back to side streets from Vali - Asr Square ” , and that the square “ has fallen into the hands of the people ” .
It must be emphasized that none of these reports are 100 % reliable and they cannot be verified with certainty .
February 20 , 2011 at 9:54 am
Reports on rallies in Shiraz , Esfahan , and Tabriz | VIDEO Shiraz - People have held protests on Mullah Sadra Street .
At the moment , large crowd has gathered .
Clashes have erupted between people and plainclothes officers .
Shiraz protesters running away form security forces | February 20 , 2011 Esfahan - Large crowd has gathered in Enghelab Square .
Basidj forces , which appear to have been caught by surprise by the size of the crowd have a relatively smaller presence .
Some students are chanting slogans .
Tabriz - People have gathered in Abresan , but the police does not allow protesters to stop and form a rally .
Most of those present at Abresan are students .
There has also been [ unconfirmed ] reports of explosions in Arbesan .
People have also gathered at Saat Square of Tabriz .
- Siavosh Jalili گزارشي
از تجمع مردم در شیراز، اصفهان و تبری ز February 20 , 2011 at 9:06 am
Clashes reported in Mahabad ( Iran Kurdistan ) According to Iran Press News , large crowds have taken over Esteghlal Square and the surrounding areas in the city of Mahabad .
Armed forces are unable to control the crowds .
People are chanting slogans , throwing rocks at the security forces , and charging toward them .
The flames of fire can be seen from far .
February 20 , 2011 at 9:03 am
Older Posts
1 2 3 4 5 next »
Health Check : Moonlight
by Richard Hillesley
Moonlight was written in three weeks in June of 2007 by a group of Mono developers working round the clock to fulfil a promise made by Miguel de Icaza .
Their aim : to demonstrate Silverlight running on Linux at Microsoft 's ReMIX conference show in Paris in the summer of that year .
The developers produced some 40,000 lines of code in 21 days just to show it could be done , and de Icaza was able to give a public demonstration of the software six months ahead of schedule .
Despite such heroics Moonlight continues to face resistance from the wider developer community .
Both Mono and Moonlight are based on technologies developed by Microsoft to compete with and to replace technologies developed elsewhere .
Mono is an open source re-implementation of the .NET framework which was intended to displace Java .
Moonlight is an open source re-implementation of Silverlight which is intended to replace Flash as the popular vehicle for online advertising and video .
Moonlight 2 , now over 460,000 lines of code and compatible with Silverlight 2 , was released last December , as the " result of love and passion to bring the Silverlight runtime to Linux . "
The roadmap for Moonlight / Silverlight has been sketched out for the next two stages for development .
In the words of de Icaza , " Silverlight 4 will enable a whole new class of cross - platform .NET application development to take place .
Like nothing we have seen before . "
Lost in translation
The problem with Moonlight ( and Mono ) for most advocates of free software is quite simple .
Silverlight / Moonlight is intended to replace existing Web technology with another set of proprietary codecs and protocols , and Moonlight , like Mono , is patent encumbered .
Patents and copyrights can be applied to the underlying technologies and to the codecs which are used to translate bits and bytes into viewable media .
Patents , " de facto standards " , closed APIs and trade secrets embedded in codecs , protocols and file formats are an impediment to innovation , interoperability , and the ability to translate words , music or pictures into meaningful images .
This assessment of Mono and Moonlight is compounded by Microsoft 's record of patent threats against the Linux kernel , and is perhaps affirmed by the action against TomTom for alleged infringement of FAT patents .
Microsoft has shown a readiness to attack free and open source software where it hurts , and the use of Mono and Moonlight has the potential to leave Linux and other free software vulnerable to attack , irrespective of the good intentions of developers .
From this point of view , a re-implementation of C# or Silverlight is acceptable , and even desirable , but not where it brings risk to the greater body of code that constitutes a GNU / Linux distribution .
As Richard Stallman expressed it when talking about Mono :
" I have always supported the development of free platforms for C# , just as I 've supported the development of free platforms for any language that users use .
I also would n't argue that people should not use C# with a free platform for secondary applications , " but " making GNOME depend on Mono is running a grave risk , and a grave mistake . "
These misgivings apply equally to Moonlight , exacerbated by de Icaza 's hopes and dreams that Moonlight , like Mono , will become the universal framework for the development of desktop applications on Linux , Windows and MacOS .
Next : In Dreams
1 2 3 4 5 next »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-904464
Met commander 's ' abuse of power '
Profile : Ali Dizaei Metropolitan Police Commander Ali Dizaei has been sentenced to four years for assaulting and falsely arresting a man in a dispute over £ 600 .
Southwark Crown Court was told Waad Al - Baghdadi was arrested by Dizaei in a row over work on the officer 's website .
Dizaei , 47 , was convicted of both misconduct in a public office and perverting the course of justice .
Prosecutor Peter Wright QC said he was guilty of a " wholesale abuse of power " motivated by self - interest and pride .
Dizaei was ordered to spend two years in prison and two years on licence .
Mr Justice Simon said the sentence included a deterrent element " to send a clear message that police officers of whatever rank are not above the law " .
The judge told Dizaei : " You knew how the system worked and you thought you would never be discovered .
" You crossed that line and now stand convicted of these offences . "
Commenting after the verdict , Mr Al - Baghdadi said : " I would like to thank all those who listened to me after I made my complaint , in particular the jury who have delivered justice and found Ali Dizaei guilty . "
Speaking after the trial , Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Paul Stephenson said : " It is extremely disappointing and concerning that this very senior officer has been found guilty of abusing his position and power .
Mr Al - Baghdadi wanted payment for working on the officer 's website " He has breached that trust and damaged not only his own reputation but that of the entire police service . "
Speaking outside court , Gaon Hart , of the Crown Prosecution Service , said : " Mr Dizaei 's corruption , which would have been deplorable in any police officer , was all the more so given his position as a highly - ranked police commander .
" The public should have confidence that we will pursue anyone , regardless of their position , where there is evidence that they have committed serious offences of corruption . "
The Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) said " criminals in uniform like Dizaei " were the greatest threat to the reputation of the police .
The dispute between the men came to a head when Mr Al - Baghdadi , 24 , demanded payment from Britain 's most senior Asian officer for work on his personal website , alidizaei.com .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mr Al - Baghdadi , an Iraqi national who has lived in the UK since 2003 , told the court he confronted the police officer after seeing him drunk and dancing at the Persian Yas restaurant in Kensington , west London , in July 2008 .
Dizaei then produced handcuffs and arrested him .
A police doctor told the court that injuries Dizaei claimed had been caused by Mr Al - Baghdadi were probably self - inflicted .
The court also heard that Dizaei , who had a 24 - year police career in the UK , claimed to have received threatening voicemails and text messages from Mr Al - Baghdadi before the incident , but had " accidentally " deleted them .
Mr Al - Baghdadi said he was left " scared " and " shocked " after the incident .
During the trial he likened the " bully " Dizaei to the movie gangster Tony Montana , played by Al Pacino in the film Scarface .
Mr Wright said once Dizaei realised inconsistencies in his account had been uncovered by detectives he attempted to get the case dropped .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Dizaei is a former president of the Metropolitan Black Police Association .
He had emerged unscathed from a series of earlier inquiries , including a multimillion - pound undercover operation examining claims of corruption , fraud and dishonesty .
He has been suspended on full pay since September 2008 , but now stands to be sacked from the Metropolitan Police .
Responding to the verdict , Nick Hardwick of the IPCC said : " He [ Dizaei ] went on to lie about what had happened and , if he had been successful , Mr Al - Baghdadi may have been sent to prison .
" Dizaei behaved like a bully and the only way to deal with bullies is to stand up to them .
" Corruption comes in many forms and remains a threat to the police service .
It requires constant vigilance to fight it . "
Last November Dizaei was cleared of misusing his corporate credit card .
He had been accused of spending more than £ 5,000 on clothes and perfume during a trip to the US but an inquiry by Dorset Chief Constable Martin Baker found no evidence of wrongdoing .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
TCA Tour : Lost
Let us begin our coverage of ABC ’s “ Lost ” panel by giving all due props to Jonathan Storm , TV critic for the Philadelphia Inquirer , who kicked things off with the following statement : “ Hello , I ’d like to ask each one of you to tell exactly what happens in the final season . ”
Nice try , Mr. Storm .
Fortunately , Storm had a back - up question ready to ask of the panel – which consisted of Emilie de Ravin ( Claire ) , Daniel Dae Kim ( Jin ) , Josh Holloway ( Sawyer ) , Evangeline Lilly ( Kate ) , executive producers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse , Terry O’Quinn ( Locke ) , Michael Emerson ( Ben ) , and Jorge Garcia ( Hurley ) – once the laughter stopped : how are you feeling as this comes to an end ?
“ As we were walking out onto the stage and this montage was playing , I was whispering to my cast members , ‘ I am going to cry like a baby when this show ends , ' ” said Lilly .
“ It ’s become so nostalgic for us to look back over six years and have grown up together and grown up in front of all of you together .
It ’s been so intense that for it to come to an end is going to be life - changing . ”
Garcia instantly agreed .
“ Certain places that we shoot , it ’s , like , ‘ Wow , I have n’t been here since season three , ' ” he said .
“ Right now , it ’s very appreciative and precious . ”
“ There ’s a lot of camaraderie on set now , ” acknowledged Holloway .
“ It feels … a lot of magic , like the first season .
It was an incredibly magical year , and the whole experience , of course , has been incredible , but this last year , everyone ’s really getting that sense of camaraderie and nostalgia , and it ’s just been fabulous . ”
“ You know , personally , I ’m just feeling a tremendous amount of gratitude , ” said Lindelof , “ and the idea that we ’re getting to end something while anybody still cares and while we still kind of love each other , as opposed to everybody saying , ‘ It ’s about time . ’
This is sort of a once - in - a - lifetime or once - in - a - career experience , for a show that ’s still performing , for the network to allow us to end it , is a tremendous gift .
As Evangeline was saying , as I was walking onto the stage , I was sort of experiencing a sense of , ‘ I ca n’t believe they ’re going to actually let us get away with this . ' ”
When asked how long the conclusion of “ Lost ” had been determined , Cuse acknowledged that there really was n’t a definitive answer to that question .
“ We came up with the final image of the show a long time ago back when we were first plotting out the mythology in the first season , then we started adding elements to that as we went along …and , really , between the first and the second season is when we cooked the mythology , ” he said .
“ We kind of knew what the end point was , but as you move towards the end point , you add elements .
Obviously , the end is not yet written , and there are certain sort of mythological , architectural elements that are intact for that ending , but a lot of character stuff will get worked out as we go along .
I mean , that ’s part of the discovery process of writing .
For instance , Michael Emerson was n’t on the show at that point .
It ’s a fun process because we sort of have a concept of where we ’re going to end the show , but there is still the process of actually executing it and there still is the process of discovery , particularly on a character level , that will come into play as we finish the show . ”
“ So if you guys have any ideas , ” said Lindelof , “ we ’re open - minded . ”
However the series ends , the producers assure us that ABC is in no way putting pressure on them to include a loophole which would allow for , say , a “ Lost ” spinoff of some sort .
“ The network has been fabulous , and we owe a great debt of gratitude to Steve McPherson again just for this whole notion of ending the show , ” said Cuse .
“ We are definitively ending this story of these characters and the show that we wanted to tell in May , and there ’s not going to be an implanted sequel .
There ’s not going to be a secret back - door pilot embedded in that .
The story of ‘ Lost ’ that we ’ve been telling for these six seasons is coming to a close this May . ”
Everyone on the panel was asked to cite their favorite moment or arc from the show ’s run , which I ’ll offer up for you one by one :
Emilie de Ravin : “ Honestly , I think my favorite moments have been moments when we ’re all … the entire original cast … working together and just sort of hanging out , like the old days .
It just has a sort of special feel to it and how we all learn so much about each other and got to know each other .
It ’s kind of nice getting back to that now , which I feel we are in a way , but then it ’s over , and it ’s kind of sad . ”
Daniel Dae Kim : “ I think , for me , that feeling was kind of represented in the finale of the first season .
The launching of the raft was really a special time for me because I thought that we ’d all taken this incredible journey as characters and as people on the island and the kind of coming together to kind of see you off that first season was pretty memorable . ”
Josh Holloway : “ My God , that ’s such a huge question , really , because I have so many .
But I agree with Emilie : I like group scenes .
They take two , three days to film because you have to cover everyone , but if you position yourself just right , you get to just cut up and have fun most of the time .
And then , occasionally you have to do your little part , but I ’ve become quite an artist at positioning myself where I ’m mostly just having fun on set all day , and I could just , you know , insert my little bit in the middle of someone else ’s close - up , which was great . ”
( “ He ’s very dedicated to his craft , ” said Kim , with a grin . )
Evangeline Lilly : “ I think , for me , the most memorable moment on the show happened in the first season , and it was the episode where Claire gave birth and Boone died .
And I ’ll never forget watching that episode , because , to me , it just sort of culminated everything that we were talking about on the show and everything that the show represented in these two very simple , very natural , and very sort of heroic moments on the show .
And I do n’t often cry watching my own show , because I ’ve read the script and we ’ve filmed everything and we know the story inside and out .
But I watched that episode and I cried , and I just remember thinking , ‘ This is something that I ’m proud to be a part of . ' ”
Damon Lindelof : “ You know , I think that some of the most memorable moments are …there ’s a bridge that basically connects where the writers work on the Disney lot to where the ABC executive offices are .
We start writing the show in the summertime , so usually in around June or July , Carlton and I have to walk across this bridge and meet with Steve ( McPherson ) and a group of ABC executives to basically present to them what we ’re going to be doing the following season on ‘ Lost . ’
And , you know , there ’s a progression of bridge walks starting with , ‘ Okay , we ’re finally going to tell them what ’s in the hatch . ’
And last year , Carlton and I … I remember turning to each other and going , ‘ Is there any other way to say ‘ time travel ’ without saying ‘ time travel ’ ?
Can we say ‘ moving through time ’ or ‘ the juxtaposition of story ’ ? ’
But every time we ’d get over there and have that meeting , the sort of reception that we got and the faith that we receive …
I know it sounds like it ’s blatant ass - kissing to say , but , again , when you look at the hundred and four hours of ‘ Lost ’ that you ’ve already seen , the things that we ’ve been able to do on the show is pretty incredible , so … I think about that stuff . ”
Carlton Cuse : “ To sort of to echo what Daniel said , the raft launch in the first season was such a great example of the kind of collaborative way in which this show is made and that ’s , I think , the thing that really distinguishes and makes it special .
It was n’t enough that we just wrote that raft launch .
It was also what all the actors brought to bear .
It was Jack Bender who actually came up with the idea of the dog swimming out and then turning back .
And then I remember sort of most vividly being on the scoring stage , and the orchestra that plays the music for the show was playing Michael Giacchino ’s cue for that and they sight - read and they had n’t played it .
And after they played it the first time , it was so moving and beautiful that they all just started spontaneously applauding , tapping their bows across their instruments , and everybody was crying and it was just … it was this moment where you realize that the show is so much larger than any one individual , and collaboration on this show is really , truly probably the most special thing that will happen for all of us . ”
Terry O’Quinn : “ For me , it ’s just that collaboration .
There ’s no special moment , because there were so many .
What Emilie talked about , sitting under the banyan trees and listening to Naveen Andrews play the guitar and everybody singing songs … ?
It ’s pretty sweet , and I wo n’t forget that .
But more than anything , just coming to work with these people and working your way through a scene and collaborating on a scene and working as actors and developing a scene … it ’s always different .
You look at the call sheet in the morning and you see Jorge or Michael or Josh or Dan , anybody , and you get excited about that day .
It ’s been pretty sweet . ”
Michael Emerson : “ I have lots of found memories of breathless confrontations in small rooms .
Jacob ’s cabin and the hatch and Widmore ’s bedroom , those kind of scenes always so dark and scary .
I love those .
But the working moment that captures the whole of it best for me is when Ben and Sawyer are standing on the cliff .
We were working at Makapuhoo and looking out over the sea and trading quotes from Steinbeck and I had a rabbit in a backpack .
It was so absurd and beautiful , majestic scenery , and I thought we should just put down the cameras now and just stand here and look at this . ”
Jorge Garcia : “ For me , running away from an exploding plane wing is something that ’s always going to be emblazed in my head .
But the random scenes that pop into my head , like when the comet hits Mr. Cluck ’s and I ’m laying there and they ’re throwing raw chicken parts at me … ?
I ’m not going to forget that , either . ”
Unsurprisingly , everyone kept comfortably mum about anything and everything they may know about the upcoming episodes , which led Cuse and Lindelof to finally give up some concrete information during the last few minutes of the panel .
The first piece emerged as a bit of payback for an unfortunate moment from an earlier press tour : Harold Perrineau ( Michael ) will be back on the show for its final season .
“ We wanted to make sure we made that announcement here , ” said Cuse , in a reference to a battle between the TCA tour and Comic - Con over which event would be the first to reveal the information about Perrineau ’s previous return to “ Lost . ”
The second tidbit was clearly just Lindelof being nice , since he offered the revelation that Cynthia Watros ( Libby ) would be coming back by acknowledging that he was doing so because “ we ’ve given you absolutely nothing in 45 minutes . ”
Actually , that was n’t entirely true : they might not have given us anything concrete up to that point , but they certainly managed to make us giddy with anticipation .
When asked about the first episode of this final season , Garcia said , “ The premiere is definitely like , ‘ What ?
Wait , let me read that part again .
What ?‘
There ’s some headscratchers . ”
Holloway described it as “ big , ” saying that “ it felt like a finale , that scale , ” while de Ravin said , “ I think I had to read it about three times before it actually made sense , ” quickly adding the caveat that “ it totally does , but just getting my mind wrapped back into it … ”
“ Get ready to scratch your heads , America ! ” said Lindelof , grinning .
In the late 1980s , when I was a graduate student working on short stories and flirting with the idea of a novel , I came across an essay that was being passed around my circle of friends .
It was titled “ Writing in the Cold : The First Ten Years , ” and the author was the legendary editor and founder of New American Review , Ted Solotaroff .
Ten years !
In the cold !
Solotaroff wondered where all the talented young writers he had known or published when he was first editing New American Review had gone .
Only a few had flourished .
Some , he speculated , had ended up teaching , publishing occasionally in small journals .
But most had just . . . given up .
“ It does n’t appear to be a matter of talent itself , ” he wrote .
“ Some of the most natural writers , the ones who seemed to shake their prose or poetry out of their sleeves , are among the disappeared .
As far as I can tell , the decisive factor is what I call endurability : that is , the ability to deal effectively with uncertainty , rejection , and disappointment , from within as well as from without . ”
The writer ’s apprenticeship -- or perhaps , the writer ’s lot -- is this miserable trifecta : uncertainty , rejection , disappointment .
In the 20 years that I ’ve been publishing books , I have fared better than most .
I sold my first novel while still in graduate school and published six more books , pretty much one every three years , like clockwork .
I have made my living as a writer , living off my advances while supplementing my income by teaching and writing for newspapers and magazines .
As smooth as this trajectory might seem , however , my internal life as a writer has been a constant battle with the small , whispering voice ( well , sometimes it shouts ) that tells me I ca n’t do it .
This time , the voice taunts me , you will fall flat on your face .
Every single piece of writing I have ever completed -- whether a novel , a memoir , an essay , short story or review -- has begun as a wrestling match between hopelessness and something else , some other quality that all writers , if they are to keep going , must possess .
Call it stubbornness , stamina , a take - no - prisoners determination , but a writer at work reminds me of nothing so much as a terrier with a bone : gnawing , biting , chewing , until finally there is nothing left to do but fall away .
I have taught in MFA programs for many years now , and I begin my first class of each semester by looking around the workshop table at my students ’ eager faces and then telling them they are pursuing a degree that will entitle them to nothing .
I do n’t do this to be sadistic or because I want to be an unpopular professor ; I tell them this because it ’s the truth .
They are embarking on a life in which apprenticeship does n’t mean a cushy summer internship in an air - conditioned office but rather a solitary , poverty - inducing , soul - scorching voyage whose destination is unknown and unknowable .
If they were enrolled in medical school , in all likelihood they would wind up doctors .
If in law school , better than even odds , they ’d become lawyers .
But writing school guarantees them little other than debt .
The instant score
Rereading Solotaroff ’s essay , as I did recently , I found that he was writing of a time that now seems quaint , almost innocent .
By the 1980s , he bemoaned , the expectations young writers had of their future lives had “ been formed by the mass marketing and subsidization of culture and by the creative writing industry .
Their career models are not , say , Henry Miller or William Faulkner , but John Irving or Ann Beattie . ”
With the exception of Irving , most of the writers referenced by Solotaroff ( Beattie , Bobbie Ann Mason , Joan Chase , Douglas Unger , Lynne Sharon Schwartz , Alan Hewat ) would draw blank looks from my students , and the creative writing industry of the mid-1980s now seems like a few mom-and - pop shops scattered on a highway lined with strip malls and mega-stores .
Today ’s young writers do n’t peruse the dusty shelves of previous generations .
Instead , they are besotted with the latest success stories :
The 18 - year - old who receives a million dollars for his first novel ; the blogger who stumbles into a book deal ; the graduate student who sets out to write a bestselling thriller -- and did .
The 5,000 students graduating each year from creative writing programs ( not to mention the thousands more who attend literary festivals and conferences ) do not include insecurity , rejection and disappointment in their plans .
I see it in their faces : the almost evangelical belief in the possibility of the instant score .
And why not ?
They are , after all , the product of a moment that does n’t reward persistence , that does n’t see the value in delaying recognition , that does n’t trust in the process but only the outcome .
As an acquaintance recently said to me : “ So many crappy novels get published .
Why not mine ? ”
The emphasis is on publishing , not on creating .
On being a writer , not on writing itself .
The publishing industry -- always the nerdy distant cousin of the rest of media -- has the same blockbuster - or - bust mentality of television networks and movie studios .
There now exist only two possibilities : immediate and large - scale success , or none at all .
There is no time to write in the cold , much less for 10 years .
I recently had the honor of acting as guest editor for the anthology “ Best New American Voices 2010 , ” the latest volume in a long - running annual series that contains some of the finest writing culled from students in graduate programs and conferences .
Joshua Ferris , Nam Le , Julie Orringer and Maile Meloy are just a few of the writers published in previous editions , but now the series is coming to an end .
Presumably , it was n’t selling , and its publisher could no longer justify bringing it out .
Important and serious and just plain good books , the kind that require years spent in the trough of false starts and discarded pages -- these books need to be written far away from this culture of mega-hits , and yet that culture is so pervasive that one wonders how a young writer is meant to be strong enough to face it down .
The new bottom line
At the risk of sounding like I ’m writing from my rocking chair , things were different when I started .
My first three books sold , in combination , fewer than 15,000 copies in hardcover .
My editor at the time told me there were 4,000 serious readers in America , and if I reached them , I was doing a good job .
As naïve as this may sound , it never occurred to me that my modest sales record might one day spell the end of my career .
I felt cared for , respected .
I continued to be published , and eventually , my sales improved .
I wrote a bestselling memoir , appeared on “ The Oprah Winfrey Show ” and published a subsequent novel that found a pretty wide readership .
My timing has been good thus far -- and lucky .
But in the last several years , I ’ve watched friends and colleagues suddenly find themselves without publishers after having brought out many books .
Writers now use words like “ track ” and “ mid-list ” and “ brand ” and “ platform . ”
They tweet and blog and make Facebook friends in the time they used to spend writing .
Authors who stumble can find themselves quickly in dire straits .
How , under these conditions , can a writer take the risks required to create something original and resonant and true ?
Perhaps there is a clue to be found near the end of Solotaroff ’s essay : “ Writing itself , if not misunderstood and abused , becomes a way of empowering the writing self .
It converts anger and disappointment into deliberate and durable aggression , the writer ’s main source of energy .
It converts sorrow and self - pity into empathy , the writer ’s main means of relating to otherness .
Similarly , his wounded innocence turns into irony , his silliness into wit , his guilt into judgment , his oddness into originality , his perverseness into his stinger . ”
The writer who has experienced this even for a moment becomes hooked on it and is willing to withstand the rest .
Insecurity , rejection and disappointment are a price to pay , but those of us who have served our time in the frozen tundra will tell you that we ’d do it all over again if we had to .
And we do .
Each time we sit down to create something , we are risking our whole selves .
But when the result is the transformation of anger , disappointment , sorrow , self - pity , guilt , perverseness and wounded innocence into something deep and concrete and abiding -- that is a personal and artistic triumph well worth the long and solitary trip .
Shapiro ’s new book , “ Devotion : A Memoir , ” is just out .
She will read at Vroman ’s Bookstore in Pasadena on Feb. 24 and Diesel Books in Brentwood on Feb. 26 .
The number of entrepreneurs starting new businesses dropped 10 % in the wealthiest nations last year and fell 24 % in the U.S. , according to a report released Wednesday .
“ Throughout the world , would - be entrepreneurs reported greater difficulty in obtaining financial backing for their start - up activities , especially from informal investors– families , friends , and strangers , ” says Bill Bygrave of Babson College , one of the founders of the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor , which issued the report .
But sentiment was improving .
A quarter of new entrepreneurs in 2009 felt the prospects for their businesses are rosier than a year earlier , according to the report .
New entrepreneurs tended to be more optimistic than established business owners .
“ Of course , the finding that entrepreneurial activity declined in many countries was not a surprise , ” says Niels Bosma , GEM ’s director of research and a researcher at Utrecht University , The Netherlands .
“ What surprised me was that as much as one in four new entrepreneurs in wealthy countries believed that the global slowdown had created more opportunities for their business , not less .
This is a significant and interesting group .
They are more likely to be young , well - educated and expect to create a lot of jobs for others . ”
Confidence alone is n’t sufficient to create new jobs in an economic downturn , and the drop in new businesses highlights the difficulties faced by the job market .
About half of the U.S. work force is employed by small firms .
“ What is needed is for entrepreneurs to feel comfortable venturing out again , because they are the real engine for creating new jobs .
Unfortunately , there is not a silver bullet for entrepreneurs .
Each country needs to develop the right formula to encourage business start - ups , ” said Kristie Seawright , Executive Director of GEM .
Mahmoud al - Mabhouh was found dead in a hotel room in Dubai
A Hamas commander who was killed in his Dubai hotel room was drugged and then suffocated , according to results of forensic tests released by police .
Mahmoud al - Mabhouh 's killers used a quick - acting muscle relaxant to help make the death seem " natural " , a senior Dubai police officer said .
Israel 's secret service has been widely blamed for the killing .
However Israel has said there is no evidence it was behind the killing on 20 January .
It has accused Mabhouh of smuggling arms into Gaza and killing two Israeli soldiers .
' Rapid onset '
" The killers used the drug succinylcholine to sedate Mabhouh before they suffocated him , " Maj Gen Khamis Mattar al - Mazeina , deputy commander of Dubai 's police , said .
" The assassins used this method so that it would seem that his death was natural , " AFP news agency quoted him as saying .
Succinylcholine is a rapid onset muscle paralysing agent , which has no sedative properties .
Medics say that a person injected with the drug would eventually suffocate because his muscles are entirely paralysed .
Some previous reports on Mabhouh 's death have suggested he was electrocuted and suffocated .
Passport row
Dubai has identified 26 suspects in the murder and said they used British , Irish , French and Australian passports .
The use of the European and Australian passports in the assassination has sparked a diplomatic row between those countries and Israel .
The countries say the passports used by the murder suspects were forged .
British police officers are in Israel to investigate the use of fake British passports by some of the suspects .
Israeli officials have refused to either confirm or deny their country 's involvement in the killing but have hailed it .
Trade Minister Binyamin Ben-Eliezer said on Sunday he did not know who had carried it out , but it showed Hamas that " none of their people are untouchable " .
Lucy Skywalker put an interesting link in the thread of the new just released GISS emails .
While not as dramatic , there are interesting details in these as well .
The GISS adjustments are highly questionable on their basis in my opinion but not necessarily wrong out of hand .
They do go in the direction we have come to expect .
In this case though , you can see the dramatic progress toward shifting the 1934 temperatures downward .
When you consider that 1934 was at one time .5 C higher than 1998 and over the years was repressed until they were equal – this is for the US only 2 % of global area .
Currently the global trend over that time is about 0.5C .
Here is a plot of this climategissgate email from the Virtual Philosopy club linked above .
Why are all the adjustments in the same direction every time we bother to look .
I really have a hard time believing all of this was done with intent but my god the constant battering on my senses .
What are we supposed to think .
After quite a bit of speculation and years of saying " never , " Soundgarden have announced that they are getting back together to do a handful of festival dates this year .
It 's been nearly 13 years since the band was onstage together , though we 've hardly missed many of the members — frontman Chris Cornell embarked on a solo career and fronted Audioslave , drummer Matt Cameron took up sticks with Pearl Jam , bassist Ben Shepherd recorded with a handful of people and guitarist Kim Thayil could be seen skateboarding around Seattle .
Soundgarden are considered one of the " big four " of the grunge era ( along with fellow Seattle - ites Nirvana , Pearl Jam and Alice in Chains ) .
While their sound merged king - size heavy metal with gritty garage punk , the group always seemed to be channeling Led Zeppelin more than Dread Zeppelin .
They got their first break on a 1986 compilation called Deep Six , which featured a number of first - generation grunge bands ( including Green River , Skin Yard and the U - Men ) and became a fetish object among the independent - music community in Seattle and across the country .
They scored their next break when Sub Pop distributed their Screaming Life EP in 1987 .
The band then jumped to SST for their debut full - length , Ultramega OK , which spawned an MTV hit in " Flower " and earned them a Grammy for Best Metal Performance .
Following the completion of their second album and major - label debut , Louder Than Love , original bassist Hiro Yamamoto left the group and was replaced by Jason Everman ( formerly of Nirvana ) .
Everman was shown the door following a tour and was replaced by Shepherd , permanently setting the " classic " lineup in stone .
He joined just in time for Soundgarden to really blow up , as they scored big hits with " The Ugly Truth , " " Big Dumb Sex " and " Get on the Snake . "
Louder Than Love also marked the band 's first foray onto the Billboard albums chart .
As the '90s dawned , Soundgarden became known as a studly live act , highlighted by Thayil 's guitar histrionics and Cornell 's Robert Plant sex - yowl .
By the time Badmotorfinger was released in 1991 ( only a few weeks after Nirvana 's Nevermind ) , the group was still more associated with metal bands than the emerging Seattle indie scene , as they toured with Skid Row and were handpicked by Guns N' Roses as the opening act for the Use Your Illusion tour .
But the growing adventurousness of modern - rock radio made " Outshined , " " Rusty Cage " and " Jesus Christ Pose " into big hits .
On MTV , the group became one of the rare bands to have their videos on both " Headbangers Ball " and " Alternative Nation . "
Soundgarden 's victory lap came during the summer of 1992 , when they appeared on the main stage of the second annual Lollapalooza tour with Red Hot Chili Peppers and Pearl Jam .
But the band 's true peak came with the release of 1994's Superunknown , a massive hit that went platinum five times .
The group had always had crossover success , but " Spoonman " and the melodic , Sabbath - esque " Black Hole Sun " turned them into pop stars .
It was during this era that they became true MTV stars , as their videos — especially those for " Spoonman , " " Black Hole Sun " and " The Day I Tried to Live " — were in heavy rotation and turned Cornell into a true object of affection for rock - loving girls across the country .
The band collected a ton of awards for Superunknown ( including a VMA for " Black Hole Sun " and Grammys for that song and " Spoonman " ) , but the long tour supporting the album put a strain on the band 's relationships ( most especially between Cornell and Thayill ) .
Cornell wanted to drastically change the band 's sound , which is why the band 's fifth and final album , Down on the Upside , sounds so disjointed .
Their general attitude toward rock stardom had shifted as well .
When MTV News asked Cornell about playing arenas back in 1996 , he responded with a resounding , " No , we probably wo n't be .
I 've gone to a couple in Seattle , and they never sound very good . "
Shepherd added : " We do n't want to play shows where we would n't like to go to shows , and we do n't go to arena shows . "
( The group ended up playing plenty of arenas on what became their final tour . )
Though " Pretty Noose " and " Burden in My Hand " became modern - rock radio hits , album sales stalled and the band embarked on a somewhat acrimonious tour that ended February 9 , 1997 , in Honolulu .
Next to the Pixies breaking up via fax , the end of Soundgarden has to be the most passive - aggressive band ends of all time .
But now that all the water has passed under the bridge , the hardest - riffing grunge maniacs are back in the saddle and ready to lay it on thick .
1 2 next Â »
Android versus Linux ?
by Dj Walker - Morgan
Is Android at odds with Linux after the removal of Android device drivers from the Linux source code tree or is this business as usual for the Linux community and nothing new ?
The H looks at the issues .
Recently , Greg Kroah - Hartman announced that Google 's device drivers for Android , had been removed from the Linux source code tree .
To be exact , the drivers were removed from " staging " , a section of the Linux source code tree for code which has n't yet been adopted into the mainline of the Linux kernel code .
" Staging " is for code which is n't up to the code quality or integration that is expected for code being adopted by the Linux kernel .
Staging serves as a central place for easier review , comments and fixes .
Code in " staging " can be removed if it is n't being maintained , as Microsoft found when it submitted drivers for its Hyper - V virtualisation .
Removal or the threat of removal , acts as a wake up call for the original developers .
Once code has been adopted into the mainline , it is rarely removed even if the maintainer of the code vanishes .
But for Google , the problem goes far deeper than just maintaining the code ; there are now elements of special code in the Android Linux kernel , and how it exposes itself to programs , which are not in the mainline Linux code .
These differences would require some engineering to iron out , engineering which Google may not want to do as it is focussed on making Android competitive in the mobile phone market .
Google 's Android development takes place behind closed doors , with the company 's own Linux source tree .
This is n't an uncommon model at Google ; it runs its own source tree for its internally deployed Linux , allowing them to optimise for its specific uses for the operating system .
LWN . net looked at the process in How Google uses Linux .
Google 's internal Linux is only now moving to version 2.6.26 of the kernel , having started with 2.4.18 and , after patching 2,000 files and inserting near half a million lines including back - porting 64 bit support , eventually moved to 2.6.11 , and then 2.6.18 , carrying patches forward where needed .
Each move , taking place around every 17 months , involves rebasing ; the latest mainline kernel is taken and Google 's coders then work to apply their patches and changes , where appropriate , to the new kernel .
Google 's developers understand that this is quite an engineering load , and are looking to get to a point where they are more in sync with the mainline kernel .
But , some changes Google have made are contentious .
For example , 2.6.26 saw the CFS ( completely fair scheduler ) introduced to the mainline kernel , but CFS caused problems for Google 's applications , built to run on systems handling 5,000 threads on 16 - 32 core systems .
So they ported the old O ( 1 ) scheduler into their version of 2.6.26 .
Google is aiming to work with the community to implement changes which may bring them back in line with current Linux kernel development .
At least Google rebase their code ; back in the days of Linux 2.4 , forks like this were not uncommon with Red Hat Enterprise Linux and SUSE Linux Enterprise server having their own versions of the kernel which were quite different from what was " upstream " in the mainline code .
Both companies learnt the cost of the exercise and the benefits of working with the community and have subsequently moved to more closely following the mainline development .
For Google Android , similar challenges exist .
The Android code is based on a Linux 2.6 kernel but Google 's changes are widespread .
For example , one of their changes is called " wakelocks " , a mechanism implemented by Google 's Android developers to handle power management .
Wakelocks allow a program running on the platform to say " No , do n't go into low - power state , I have things to do " to the kernel .
This type of power management is important in mobile phones and other hand held devices , where battery life is of critical importance to developers and users .
Next : Business as usual ?
1 2 next Â »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-924563
I 'm not one to complain about free stuff , but what the f*ck ?
Really ?
A " Pikachu colored Pichu " ?
That 's a thing I can have ?
Are n't all Pichus pretty much Pikachu colored already ?
Am I missing something here , or is this just more of that " different colored Pokemon are shiny and more special " wacky fun that we Poke - fans supposedly love so well ?
Want to know something even weirder ?
If you trade this slightly more jaundiced Pichu over to the yet unreleased Pokemon HearGold / SoulSilver , you can trigger an event to grab that bumpy eared Pichu on the left .
Do n't believe me ?
It 's true !
I read all about it on Serebii.net !
You know why I 'm being such a jerk about this ?
It 's because I 'm trying to cover up that I 'm actually totally pumped to get these two cute little bastards .
I may try to play it off as cool , but I still love my Pokemans , especially the " special " and " free " ones .
Hit the jump for the full details taken from the promo email GameStop sent out today .
Microwave Magma : a lava flow of liquid Pyrex A guy who repairs microwave ovens once told me that an oven burned a hole through a Pyrex measuring cup .
The cup had boiled dry , and apparently the microwave wattage then attacked the glass .
Yet glass is mostly transparent to microwaves , so it should n't heat up .
WTF ?!!
Play Video
Then I remembered a little trick that physics teachers perform .
First they connect a glass rod to 120VAC cables .
Then they heat the glass rod with a blow torch until it becomes red hot between the electrical connections .
Glass is full of sodium or boron ions ( charged atoms , ) and glass becomes a conductor when softened .
The ion charges become unlocked and movable .
As it 's heated with the torch , the red hot glass suddenly draws significant current from the electric outlet , it turns yellow hot , then white , then incandescent blue - white .
It burns in half ( if your circuit breaker does n't trip first ! )
For a moment it acts like a light - bulb , but with a glass as the glowing filament .
Hmmm .
So ... if something were to heat a tiny spot on the glass to nearly red hot ... the glass would become a resistor ?
A good absorber of microwaves ?
It then might quickly become white hot , heating the surrounding glass to red hot , which would also absorb microwaves and begin heating .
An " outbreak " of melting would occur , like a microwave - powered forest fire slowly moving through the trees .
It only needs a trigger .
( Also the oven needs to be empty of every other object , otherwise most of the wattage will end up elsewhere , rather than in the glass we wish to melt . )
Torch a little hotspot ... ... pop it in the ol ' nuker
... sit back and enjoy .
It works great !
Just find some method to heat a small spot on the rim of a pyrex custard - dish to red hot , slam it instantly into the oven and hit " start . " ( remove glass rotor dish ; needs a totally empty oven . )
The tiny red glow will increase wildly .
Just remember to shut it down before the advancing " lava flow " pours down to the bottom of your oven and burns off the paint .
Obviously this is somewhat dangerous as a demo .
If you do n't already know the hazards ( such as trapped internal strains and high - velocity shrapnel ) , then messing with this procedure would be ... Unwise .
" LAVA " CHAMBER :
I found a hunk of porus red rock used as " decorative stone " under some shrubbery .
I 'm told that it 's probably slag from the iron industry .
Would the stuff turn conductive when hot ?
Lets find out !
I put it on a small overturned flower pot in the oven , then heated a small spot to orange heat , then slammed the door and started it up .
The orange heat died away .
It seemingly went dead .
But then my intuition kicked in : would n't the surface radiate away the energy , while deeper within , the material was still absorbing microwaves like crazy ?
The hot region ... should MIGRATE !
It should move into the center of the rock where plenty of RF is heating it , but where it 's surrounded with nice insulating , non-microwave - absorbing rock .
Let 's let it cook and see what happens .
Hmmm .
Inside the pores in the rock I see something red .
Now it 's yellow .
Now there 's a crevice .
The whole side of the small rock splits open , collapses , revealing the interior of a white hot miniature magma chamber .
An orange river of magma pours forth !
I stop the oven , and the flow halts before it gets to the bottom .
Through the open door I can feel the radiating heat on my face .
Hope it does n't set the painted metal walls on fire !
REAL MAGMA :
Next I triggered some heating in a small piece of obsidian .
I hoped to re-liquify some actual lava , rather than melting the manmade materials above .
But I did n't remember an important fact : Hawaiian volcanos slurp outwards , but magma from American volcanos is more like a white hot jet engine filled with powdered glass ... because American lava is full of dissolved gas .
Sure enough , the black obsidian melted in the microwave oven .
Sure enough , it expanded into a large white puff of glass foam , sort of like a popped popcorn kernel .
BEER BOTTLE :
Find a bottle that 's short enough to stand upright in the oven .
I recommend " Red Stripe " Jamaican ale .
( Grin . )
Yes , with care you can heat a spot on the glass bottle to dull red heat but without shattering the bottle .
And yes , the microwave output of your oven will then raise it to incandescent white hot , melting a hole right through which grows larger and larger .
And yes , during cooling the bottle will shatter , launching hot fragments all over the kitchen .
Keep the oven door closed .
If the bottle does n't break , wear gloves and whack it with a screwdriver while the door is almost shut .
Also see on Usenet :
[ Dec 2003 ] Molten lava in your microwave
[ Nov 2003 ] I just melted a frikkn beer bottle !
LIGHTNING STORM NOTICE : this one requires a source of welders ' Argon .
Hobbyists discovered the joys of high voltage Argon a few years ago .
Shoot foot - long lighting bolts from your bare fingers !
Ah , since a microwave oven is a high voltage environment , what will happen ?
I tried nuking some pure argon in a round flask .
Nuthin .
RATS !
But years later at a hobbyist meeting I wondered what would happen if the " inverted pool o' plasma " experiment was performed in pure argon ?
I set up a piece of Carbon Veil ( carbon fibers ) in a shot glass , inside a trash bag , inside my microwave oven .
I inflated it with argon and ran the oven .
A spherical white lightning ball winked into existence at the carbon , then rose upwards buzzing .
Yay !
The Argon needs a sharp conductive " igniter " to get going .
During WEIRD GENIUS REAL SCIENCE
I tried some extremely pure argon in a spherical glass flask with a tiny piece of aluminum foil as an igniter inside .
( The argon used previously had quite a bit of air mixed in . )
Hit the button .
WAAAA !
THE WHOLE GLASS FLASK FILLS WITH BLUE WHITE LIGHTNING !
Tiny bright lightning filaments !
And afterwards the flask was full of transparent orange gas .
Very acrid if sniffed , so probably various oxides of nitrogen .
So next , I put a half - liter of argon in a white kitchen trash bag , threw in a piece of carbon fiber , then squeezed out all the argon ( to flush any remaining nitrogen totally out . )
Then I filled about half the bag with argon , tied it off with a plastic tie , and stuffed it into the oven .
Close the door .
Hit the start button .
Ten seconds of stunning noise , lights , and patterns , and the small audience broke into spontaneous applause , because ...
First the ENTIRE OVEN FILLED WITH JITTERING LIGHTING BOLTS
Next the bag started melting and collapsing , holes appeared .
The lightning spewed right into the air through the holes as the bag shrunk and ignited .
The lightning remaining in the bag turned into bright turquoise plasma
As the bag entirely collapsed , brilliant plasma amoebas crawled frantically around , burning the bag and finding every last bit of remaining argon .
Silence .
Darkness .
The stunned crowd cheers .
The patterns are easily visible through white kitchen trash bags , although a clear plastic bag works slightly better .
Argon can be had from any welders ' suppply outlet , and a tankful costs about $ 20 ... but you need a constant - flow regulator .
These cost about $ 70 new .
And there 's a rental charge if you do n't buy your own metal tank .
But man , it 's worth it .
They 're Heeeeere !
Years ago I was living with roommates , and while working in the kitchen I noticed that the fluorescent light over the sink was about 8 inches long .
A light went on in my brain ;) because I 'd always wondered what would happen if a fluorescent tube was placed in a microwave oven .
In theory the standing - wave RF energy should have enough voltage to ignite the mercury vapor into a plasma , and the lamp should light .
But standard ovens put out at least 500 watts , so the tiny fluorescent tube should light quite brightly , to say the least .
I 'd never before encountered a fluorescent tube which was short enough to fit in an oven .
So , I pulled out the tube , stuck it in the oven , said " THEY'RE HEEEEEERE ! " , and punched the ON switch .
Sure enough , the kitchen was lit up by a blue - white blaze of light coming from the front of the microwave oven .
I only let it run for about 1 second , but this was enough to heat the fluorescent tube so it was too hot to touch .
( Yeah yeah yeah , I know I 'm reeeeeally old , and most young whippersnappers never saw all those ads for the movie " Poltergeist , " where the young daughter looks at the screen of the misbehaving TV set and says " they 're here . " )
Candle spews " Ball Lightnings "
In the late 1990s , someone on the Cold Fusion research forum mentioned a rumor : that if you cook a lit candle in your microwave oven , it will emit large buzzing gouts of plasma which will crawl around on the upper surface inside the oven .
Yowza !
So a large number of people tried this ... without success .
Only one person saw it happen , but nobody else could duplicate it .
Finally someone on another forum discovered the secret : high oven power , and carbon impurities !
If your microwave oven can put out significantly more than 500 watts , and if you stick a bunch of charred toothpick fragments in the top of a lit candle ... then sure enough , the candle will intermittently spit out orange " flames " made of plasma .
The plasma rises immediately to the top of the oven and crawls around .
When it winks out , the candle will emit another one .
Over many months , several people discovered easier ways to trigger the production of these " microwave plasmoids , " including using graphite rods from mechanical pencils , or even using a lit cigarette .
Check out the various links .
Cuppa burning plasma Electric arcs can develop inside a microwave .
The strength of the e-field inside the oven chamber can be described as " high voltage . "
Once a high - volt electric arc has been triggered , it will absorb energy from the microwave field .
Sometimes it can break loose and fly around the oven like a " ball lightning . "
One way to trigger this effect is described above : place a lit candle inside the oven .
Use a wide and stubby " votive candle " and stick some short pieces of charred toothpick into the top of the candle to supply some " seeds " of carbon ( or ions ? ) for initial arc attachment .
A wandering electric arc can be captured in an upside - down container , J.L Naudin has some GIFs of this effect on his site .
I tried it with a Pyrex measuring cup and it works !
The cup became quite hot after only a few seconds of contact with the " plasma " , so perhaps you should n't run it for very long .
Or , if you have an old oven that you do n't mind destroying , find out what happens when you run it for many minutes .
Maybe you can melt the cup into incandescent glass - lava .
[ NEW : after about 30 seconds the cup goes " snap " and falls apart into shards .
Apparently the plasma is as hot as a blow torch , and it shatters the glass . ]
I supported the inverted cup - measure on three small paper cups .
My candle was about 1in tall and 1in wide .
I stuck several pieces of charred toothpicks into the top , lit the candle , then placed it below the glass container and shut the door .
The oven ran for a short time before the candle flame began creating eruptions of plasma .
( If yours does n't work , move the candle to another spot in order to locate a " hotspot . " )
Some of the plasma flickers blew away because of the oven fan and were lost , but finally one rose into the glass mug .
The " plasma pool " fills half the cup and makes a loud 120 Hz buzzing noise .
It initially is dull orange , but then it changes color to pinkish blue .
This color resembles the color of a glassblower 's torch when borosilicate glass is being heated .
Berhaps it 's boron emission lines , or perhaps the color is associated with nitrogen / oxygen emission .
NEW EXPERIMENT :
I used honey to adhere some salt ( NaCl ) to the inner surface of the pyrex cup in hopes that I 'd see some yellow Sodium light .
This works well .
At first the captured plasma blob turned pinkish blue , but then a wave of brilliant yellow / orange light passed through it .
This effect repeated several times , and I suspect that salt crystals are falling off the glass surface and passing through the plasma , releasing sodium ions as they go .
Other salts to try : salt replacement ( potassium chloride ) , copper sulfate , borax , epsom salts , perhaps even strontium chloride for red color .
Search for info about fireworks colorants .
IMPROVEMENT :
See Matt Crowley 's paper on Bigger Better Balls
LESS WISE EXPERIMENT :
Years ago there was a news story about a new kind of efficient light source : a quartz capsule of sulfur which was blasted with microwaves .
What will happen if the above salt crystals are replaced with powdered sulfur ?
Blasts of intense white light ?
I have n't tried it yet .
[ NOW I DID !
No brilliant light .
Instead , the plasma forms , then the sulfur reacts with air to create a cloud of acrid gas .
Sulfuric acid ?!!
Suddenly I find that I can't breathe the air in my kitchen .
Hold nose , turn on the fans , and leave the house at a run ! ]
To try next : put a tiny hole in the upside - down glass cup ( or perhaps use a chemist 's funnel . )
Will the pool of plasma drain out upwards through the hole ?
Or will the oven keep making more plasma as bits leak out ?
If I had a ceramic tube , could I guide the plasma through a hole and outside the oven ?
Home - built plasma torch !!
Snifter of Neon
While working on a microwave article for an encyclopedia decades ago , it crossed my mind that it might be possible to map the pattern of RF energy in the oven by filling it with low pressure gas .
The gas would glow in proportion to the RF electric field in various parts of the oven 's volume .
( There are better ways to do this , some below . )
This would be an involved bit of construction to pull off , so I did the next best thing .
I grabbed a big bag of NE - 2 neon pilot lights and stuck them into a wineglass , hoping that this small volume would show some patterns when the glass was rotated by the oven 's turntable .
I filled the glass with water , to give the oven something to heat so it would n't be damaged by the small load presented by the bulbs .
I ran the oven , and the bulbs glowed REALLY BRIGHT .
As the turntable turned , various bulbs extinguished and others lit up .
However , I could see no coherent patterns .
When I emptied the glass , I discovered that several of the bulbs were stuck together .
The short metal leads of some bulbs had melted into the glass of adjacent ones .
Also , several of the bulbs had small holes melted through their glass , and were full of water .
Apparently the plasma temperature was so high that it heated the glass to melting .
Or , possibly some corona discharges developed between the inside and outside of the bulbs and burned through the glass .
Hot glass is conductive , so the arc would continue once started .
Foil - eating Plasma
I 'd seen electrical flames produced by microwave ovens before .
In the strong RF field , even the tiniest flame will absorb a large percent of the many - hundred - watts oven output and grow large .
Thousand watt candle ?
So , I decided to try initiating an electrical flame - discharge intentionally .
I tore aluminum foil into 2 " squares , crumpled it lightly so it did n't lay flat , then placed it on the oven turntable with the two foil pieces adjacent to each other and in gentle contact .
Sure enough , when the oven was turned on there was a loud buzz and a bright light , and a flame erupted from the contact point between the two pieces of foil .
When I looked in on them , I found that the brief flame had eaten a bite about the size of a dime out of both pieces .
Note : on some ovens the air from the fan will blow the foil around .
DON'T SEAL UP THE FAN OUTLET !!!
Instead , tape the foil down to the glass turntable .
The air from the fan is hot because that fan is being used to cool the magnetron tube .
If you block up the fan , the microwave generator will have a meltdown !
Miscellaneous Light Bulb in the Microwave My 8 " fluorescent tube is n't the only light producer .
Another classic u-oven experiment is to cook a standard incandescent bulb briefly on " high " .
A 100W bulb will light up with more than normal brightness .
If you have a newer oven with rating over 800W , include a glass of water in the oven , otherwise the filament support wires will instantly melt and spoil your fun .
Even with the water , do n't run this for very long , since ALL the lightbulb wires glow white hot , not just the filament .
This could shatter the bulb .
For best results , buy a transparent bulb rather than a frosted bulb , then watch what happens inside .
If you include a glass of water , the bulb makes purple discharges .
If you DON'T include water , the bulb makes many colors as the metal wires melt or turn into incandescing vapor .
I 've had the glass of bulbs be melted and burst * outwards . *
Apparently the pressure in the bulb rapidly becomes higher than atmospheric pressure .
There is an interesting bit of physics here : first the filament and its supporting wires glow white hot , but then they cool again .
Bright blue beams leap from the tips of the filament supports and extend outwards to the glass , with bright " stars " of incandescence at the tips of the wires ( many watts of Saint Elmo 's Fire , like Nikola Tesla 's ' carbon button ' lamps ! )
This is a plasma discharge in the argon / nitrogen gas that is found inside all standard light bulbs .
It 's similar to Plasma Globe devices such as " eye of the storm " , but 500 watts worth , which heats the glass red hot , and may melt the tips of the steel filament supports , or soften the glass so it is crushed by external air pressure !
Another one : elgersmad suggests trying xenon flash tubes .
Note that most of these objects become intensely hot , so do n't prop them up on a plastic object .
And as usual , if this damages the microwave generator in your oven , do n't come whining to ME !
You know the risks , or you would n't be messing with this stuff .
Go buy a huge old microwave oven for $ 5 at a garage sale , experiment with THAT . )
Better check for door - leaks first !
Mapping the Energy Nodes Microwave ovens cook unevenly because a pattern of standing waves forms inside the oven chamber , and the pattern creates an array of hotspots throughout the oven 's volume .
An operating frequency of around 2000 MHZ will produce a wavelength of around 10 cm , and the hotspots should be at halfwave points , or every 5 cm , but in a complex 3D pattern .
I 'd always wondered how this could be visualized .
Perhaps fill the entire oven with raw eggwhites , then let the oven cook them into an interesting , white , rubbery 3D sculpture ?
Or fill the oven with solid wax , and let the RF hotspots melt out a 3D structure of holes ?
Finally someone figured it out : Alistair Steyn - Ross and Alister Riddell , STANDING WAVES IN A MICROWAVE OVEN , The Physics Teacher , October 1990 , Vol. 28 No. 7 pp474-476 Steyn - Ross and Riddell were stimulated to investigate the pattern of melted cheese on a " mu-oven " cooked pizza .
They hit on the use of Cobalt Chloride soaked paper .
When wet , CoCl solution is pink , but turns sky - blue when dry .
( It 's sometimes sold as " weather indicator " paper . )
They discovered that this worked beautifully , and a large square of the paper would give varying patterns of pink and blue when supported at different heights on a tile of cork within the oven .
The pattern is temporary , and disappears as the paper dries entirely .
Also , cobalt chloride is poisonous , and should not be used around young kids .
More recently , J. E. Slone of Virginia tells me that thermal FAX paper can be used for the same thing if is is slightly moistened .
When placed on an insulating plate within the microwave oven , the hotspots heat the water to boiling which creates a permanent image of the standing wave pattern .
Kool !
Both of the above experiments will only work if your oven lacks a " stirrer , " a fan which wiggles the hotspots and spreads them out .
If your oven has a rotating turntable , it usually lacks a stirrer .
UK troops to remain in Afghanistan ' for five years '
Sir David says UK troops will offer support in Afghanistan for many years Britain will be " militarily engaged " in Afghanistan for a further five years , the head of the Army has said .
General Sir David Richards told the Daily Telegraph , while on a visit to Helmand , that he expected the military conflict to " trail off in 2011 " .
But British troops will continue in training and support roles , he said .
He also warned that coalition troops could not afford to fail and said UK forces now " for the first time " had the resources they had wanted .
Sir David said in August that he believed the UK would be committed to Afghanistan " in some manner " for the next 30 or 40 years , possibly through roles in development , governance and security sector reform .
Sir David said : " The combat role will start to decline in 2011 , but we will remain military engaged in training and support roles for another five years , and we will remain in a support role for many years to come . "
The Taliban is now beginning to realise that they can lose this war , which was not the view they had a year ago
General Sir David Richards Speaking on a visit to Afghanistan during Operation Moshtarak , which is an ongoing offensive to attack the Taliban , he said the campaign was showing some " very optimistic signs " .
He added : " A year ago the Taliban thought they had us on the run , but now the tables have turned .
They are under relentless pressure and they are now having some serious thoughts about continuing the fight .
" I do not think we can afford to fail in Afghanistan because of the intoxicating effect failure will have on those militants who oppose democracy and our freedoms .
" The Taliban is now beginning to realise that they can lose this war , which was not the view they had a year ago . "
Sir David 's comments come after the deaths of three British servicemen in three days .
A soldier from 28 Engineer Regiment , attached to the Brigade Reconnaissance Force , died on Friday after being caught in a blast near a check point in Nad Ali , Helmand .
He has not yet been named .
Rifleman Martin Kinggett from A Company 4 Rifles was shot dead in Sangin on Thursday and Senior Aircraftman Luke Southgate died in an explosion north of Kandahar airfield on Wednesday .
A total of 266 British service personnel have died since the conflict began .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Many different research groups have studied how to harness quantum mechanics for the purpose of creating quantum computers that could prove far more efficient at both information processing and storage , and even Google has gotten in on that action .
Now scientists may increasingly turn to the natural world for examples from the emerging field of quantum biology .
As RH Reality Check has told us , an anti-choice group has put up billboards around Atlanta claiming that African American women are being targeted by Planned Parenthood and other groups which perform abortions as part of some eugenics conspiracy to reduce the number of African Americans -- or something like that .
They call African American children an " endangered species " which is pretty damned insulting in its own right -- as if Black children somehow belonged to another species than human .
Now a handful of legislators have introduced a bill that would enshrine into law and criminalize the notion that counselors at abortion clinics target members of certain races .
The bill is HB 1155 and here is what it says in part :
Title 16 of the Official Code of Georgia Annotated , relating to crimes and offenses , is amended by adding a new Code section to read as follows :
" 16-4 - 11 .
( a) A person commits the offense of criminal solicitation of abortion when that person solicits or coerces another person with the intent that an abortion be performed based in any way on account of the race , color , or sex of the unborn child or the race or color of either parent of that child .
( b) A person convicted of the offense of criminal solicitation of abortion shall be guilty of a felony and punished by imprisonment for not less than one nor more than five years and may be sentenced to pay a fine that shall not exceed the greater of $ 25,000.00 or three times the amount of any pecuniary value gained by such person from such violation .
( c) A pregnant woman who is the target of criminal solicitation of abortion shall not be held criminally or civilly liable for any violation of this Code section or for conspiracy to violate this Code section .
(d) Immediate notification of any criminal investigation initiated pursuant to this Code section shall be made to the Georgia Composite Medical Board , and at the conclusion of the investigation , any information obtained in such investigation shall be made available by the prosecution to the board to support an action pursuant to Code Section 43 - 34 - 8 . "
SECTION 3 .
Said title is further amended by revising subsection ( b ) of Code Section 16 - 12 - 140 , relating to criminal abortion , and adding two new subsections to read as follows :
" ( b ) A person commits the offense of criminal abortion when that person performs an abortion :
(1) With the intent to prevent an unborn child from being born based in any way on account of the race , color , or sex of the unborn child or the race or color of either parent of that child ; or
(2) With the knowledge that the pregnant woman is seeking the abortion based in any way on account of the race , color , or sex of the unborn child or the race or color of either parent of that child .
( c) A person convicted of the offense of criminal abortion shall be punished by imprisonment for not less than one nor more than ten years .
(d) Any woman upon whom a criminal abortion is performed shall not be held criminally or civilly liable for any violation of this Code section or for conspiracy to violate this Code section . "
It would also permit a woman who feels she was coerced into an abortion because of her race to sue the abortion provider .
Yes , the percentage of abortions of African AMerican women are high
The abortion ratio for black women ( 503 per 1,000 live births ) was 3.0 times the ratio for white women ( 167 per 1,000 live births ) .
What they do n't tell you is that the rate of unintended pregnancy .
is highest among the poor -- and that African American women have an unintended pregnancy rate three times higher than that of white women , which explains why the rate of abortion is three times higher .
Three times more unintended pregnancies means more abortions , period .
It has nothing to do with racism and everything to do with poverty and , perhaps , lack of access to the best methods of contraception ( hormonal birth control ) which tend to be expensive .
If these legislators were sincere about wanting to cut down the number of abortions among African American women , they 'd back comprehensive sex education which covers STD and pregnancy prevention and access to effective birth control .
But instead , they prefer to perpetuate the notion that abortion counselors are racist bigots who want to make sure fewer Black children are born .
Way to go , guys .
The sponsors broke down as 3 white legislators and two African Americans , and two whose did n't have a photo so their race could n't be determined .
Planned Parenthood of Georgia called the insulting billboards " Blaxploitation " .
Apparently at least two African American members of the Georgia legislature bought into this -- with no proof at all that the claims are true and no mention of the fact that the higher rate of abortion merely reflects the higher rate of unintended pregnancy .
Instead they preferred to believe that the dedicated women who volunteer as counselors or the employees of abortion clinics are screaming bigots who derive pleasure from convincing African Americans to abort unwanted pregnancies .
The idea is insulting to African American women , who can surely recognize a bigot when they see one , and to counselors who are accused of being racists and party to some sort of eugenics conspiracy .
So far the bill has stalled in committee because of the high number of calls to Rep.
Golick , Chair of the Judiciary Non-Civil Committee .
But he 's set another hearing for March 8 .
It 's time for action .
Call Rep. Rich Golick NOW at 404.656.5943 and let him know that women are tired of being treated as second - class citizens unable to use their brains to decide whether or not they want an abortion -- and to let him know how disgusted we are that race would be used a a wedge issue in order to further discourage abortion .
Sat , 05 Dec 2009
FP - Syd # 21 .
Two weeks ago , on November 19th we held the 21st meeting of FP - Syd , the Sydney Functional Programming group .
The meeting was held at Google 's Sydney offices and we had 22 people show up to hear our two presenters .
First up we had repeat offender Mark Wotton give us a presentation titled " Hubris : A Trojan Horse for Haskell " on his project called Hubris , a bridge between Ruby ( ie Rails ) and Haskell .
The specific use case Mark has in mind for this bridge is call fast compiled Haskell code from Ruby web code .
The code this is is available at :
git clone git://github.com/mwotton/HaskellHubris.git
but requires the 6.12 release candidate of the GHC Haskell compiler .
Our second presenter for the evening was Tony Sloane who gave us an introduction to " Embedding a Rewriting DSL in Scala " .
Tony 's DSL of interest is the Stratego Language which he is embedding in Scala using the Kiama library .
Tony 's particular interest seems to be in program transformation ; desugaring of high level languages , evaluation by reduction rules , optimisation and source to target translation .
A big thanks to both our speakers and to Dan , Mark and Google for providing the meeting venue and the light refreshments .
FP - Syd will be having brief hiatus over the Xmas / New Year period and our next meeting will be in February .
Posted at : 16:19 | Category : FP - Syd | Permalink
New York Times
Times
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
The Yugoslav Auschwitz and the Vatican
The Krajina Chronicles : A Short History of Serbs in Croatia
Kaputt
Unholy Trinity : The Vatican , the Nazis and the Swiss Banks
Genocide in Satellite Croatia 1941 - 1945
Washington Times
Behind the Purple Curtain
L'Osservatore Romano
Haaretz
The New York Times
Daily Telegraph
The writer specializes in the Balkans , and is an unpaid advisory board member of the American Council for Kosovo .
The controversy over the canonization of Pope Pius XII concerns whetherhe spoke out enough against the slaughter of Jews during World War II .
But that question is a red herring when trying to grasp the big pictureof the Vatican 's role during the war .
The real question is whether the Vatican supported the world order , orat least aspects of it , that the Third Reich promised to bring , a worldorder in which dead Jews were collateral damage - which Pius indeedregretted .
The answer can be found in a region of Europe that isgenerally ignored despite being the nexus of world wars : the Balkans .
The Catholic Church was looking for a bulwark against expanding , ruthless , church - destroying communism , but in doing so it supported aCroatian movement called Ustasha , which rose to become the genocidalregime of Nazi satellite Croatia .
American historian Jared Israel points to a February 17 , 1941article which reported that the archbishop of Zagreb ( Croatia ' scapital ) , Alojzije ( Aloysius ) Stepinac , was holding conferences inVatican City " seeking the freedom of Catholic priests detained in [ pre- Nazi ] Croatia in connection with the circulation of ... ' FreeCroatia ! ' pamphlets , attributed to Ante Pavelic . "
Pavelic , who oncecriticized Hitler for originally being too soft on the Jews , was thefounder of the fascist Ustashas , who were engaging in terrorism allover Europe to " liberate " Croatia from Yugoslavia .
He famously said , " Agood Ustasha is one who can use a knife to cut a child from the womb ofits mother .
" Israel explains the significance of the understatedarticle : " The arrested priests were agitating for a fascist coupd ' etat , " and if these had been rogue priests , " the Vatican would havedisciplined them and perhaps issued a statement condemning them ; itcertainly would not have [ held ] top - level conferences to manage theirdefense .
"
At the time , Pavelic was being harbored in Mussolini's Italy - wherehis Ustasha soldiers were being trained - after France sentenced him todeath for masterminding the 1934 double assassination of YugoslavianKing Alexander I and French foreign minister Louis Barthou .
When Hitlerinvaded Yugoslavia in April 1941 , Pavelic was activated and becamefuehrer , or " Poglavnik , " of the new , clerical - fascist Croatia .
Archbishop Stepinac held a banquet for Pavelic , blessed the Ustashaleader and regime , calling them " God 's hand at work , " and the followingmonth had Pavelic received by Pius XII .
This was four days after themassacre in the town of Glina , where the Ustashas locked hundreds ofSerbian Orthodox inside their church and burned it down , as becamestandard practice in Pavelic 's Independent State of Croatia ( known byits Croatian acronym NDH ) .
Pius XII received Pavelic despite a Yugoslavenvoy 's request that he not do so , given the atrocities taking place .
In July of that year , Pavelic 's minister of education , Mile Budak , publicly outlined the purification process , already being implementedagainst Serbs : Kill a third , expel a third , convert a third .
That August , more than a thousand Serbs had gathered inside anotherGlina church for conversion , after which Zagreb police chief BozidarCorouski announced , " Now that you are all Roman Catholics , I guaranteeyou that I can save your souls , but I can not save your bodies . "
In cameUstasha henchmen with bludgeons , knives and axes , killing all but oneman - Ljuban Jednak - who played dead , then stole away from the massgrave he was dumped into .
Pius and Pavelic continued exchanging " cordial telegrams , " as authorVladimir Dedijer - former cochairman of Bertrand Russell 'sInternational War Crimes Tribunal - wrote in his 1992 book .
The Croatian Catholic press consistently published approving articles about the regime .
In his forthcoming book , Slavonia and Dalmatia , Dr. Srdja Trifkovic writes , " A part of the RomanCatholic hierarchy became de facto accomplices , as did a majority ofthe clergy .
The leading NDH racial ' theorist ' was a clergyman , Dr. IvoGuberina ...
He urged Croatia 's ' cleansing of foreign elements ' by anymeans .
His views were echoed by the influential head of the UstashaCentral Propaganda Office , Fr. Grga Peinovic .
" When the anti-Serb and anti-Jewish racial laws of April and May 1941 were enacted , the Catholic press welcomed them as vital for ' thesurvival and development of the Croatian nation ' ...
Archbishop ofSarajevo [ then part of Croatia ] Ivan Saric declared ...
' It is stupidand unworthy of Christ 's disciples to think that the struggle againstevil could be waged ... with gloves on .
'" IN AN unusual move , Germany entrusted Croatia with running its ownconcentration camps , without oversight .
Shamefully , clergy members tooka voracious dive into the bloodbath , serving as guards , commanders andexecutioners at the 40 camps , most famously Jasenovac , the Holocaust ' sthird - largest yet least spoken - of camp .
There , they killed Serbs , Jews , Gypsies and anti-fascist Croats .
On August 29 , 1942 , a friar from themonastery of Siroki Brijeg , named Petar Brzica , won first place forkilling the most Serbs in the shortest time , boasting 1,350 throatsslit in one night .
Historian Carl Savich quotes an AP report stating that " a priest fromPetricevac led Croat fascists , armed with hatchets and knives , to anearby village .
In the 1942 attack , they butchered 2,300 Serbs .
" Testimony from a survivor of that February 7 massacre , Selo Drakulic , reads : " Prior to killing the adults , unborn children were violently cutfrom their mothers ' womb [s ] and slaughtered .
Of the remaining childrenin the village , all under the age of 12 , the Ustashas brutally removedarms , legs , noses , ears and genitals .
Young girls were raped andkilled , while their families were forced to witness the violation andcarnage .
The most grotesque torture of all was the decapitation ofchildren , their heads thrown into the laps of their mothers , who werethemselves then killed .
" Archive photos of sadism that would make horror filmmakers blushsurvive today : Ustashas displaying an Orthodox priest 's head ; aneyeless peasant woman ; Serbs and Jews being pushed off a cliff ; a Serbwith a saw to his neck ; and a smiling Ustasha holding the still - beatingheart of prominent industrialist Milos Teslitch , who had beencastrated , disemboweled and his ears and lips cut off .
Italian writer Curzio Malaparte in his 1944 bookoffers this detail : " While [ Pavelic ] spoke , I gazed at a wicker basketon the Poglavnik 's desk [ which ] seemed to be filled with mussels , orshelled oysters ...
' Are they Dalmatian oysters ? '
I asked .
[ Pavelic ] said smiling , ' It is a present from my loyal Ustashas ...
Forty poundsof human eyes .
'" In their 1991 book , reporter Mark Aarons and former Justice Department attorney John Loftus corroborate the grisly Croatian crimes , as doesby Edmond Paris : " The Italians photographed an Ustasha wearing two chains of human tongues and ears around his neck .
" It has been 60 years , and the world still does n't know the story ofwartime Croatia , where not only did the Vatican not speak out againstcrimes , not only was it complicit in the genocide of a million people , but it subsequently never expressed remorse for the spilled Orthodoxblood as it's done for Jewish blood .
Because the world never demandedit .
Which points to the same apprehensions that have dogged Jewishgroups about the Vatican 's genuineness , especially with its reluctanceto open archives about Pius 's World War II conduct .
ONE CAN'T help wondering whether the Vatican as an institution wassilently cheering the decimation of its Orthodox rival .
Stepinac , whowas photographed blessing the Ustashas before an upcoming battle orslaughter , reported in May 1944 the good news about 244,000 forcedconversions to Pius .
( Pius himself might have caught BBC broadcastssuch as on February 16 , 1942 : " The Orthodox are being forciblyconverted to Catholicism and we do not hear the archbishop 's voicepreaching revolt .
Instead it is reported that he is taking part in Naziand fascist parades . " )
Observing the liquidation of Croatia 's Orthodox , Heinrich Himmler 's second - in - command , Reinhard Heydrich , wrote aFebruary 17 , 1942 , letter to Himmler stating , " It is clear that the Croat - Serbian state of tension is not least of all a struggle of the Catholic Church against the Orthodox Church .
" It is not Jews to whom the Church owes the biggest apology over WorldWar II , but Serbs .
If by not speaking out about Europe 's Jews Piushoped to avoid endangering millions of Catholics , what could have beenthe reason for not speaking out about Croatia , which itself horrifiedthe Nazis to the point that German and Italian soldiers startedshielding Serbs from Ustashas ?
And what would have been the risk to thefaithful inside Croatia ?
A July 5 , 1994 , article attempted to get to the bottom of why so little is known of the Croatia chapter of World War II , and why Jasenovac is so rarely spokenof : " For years the gruesome details ... remained officially taboo .
Although documents and eyewitness accounts were at first ignored , andthen mysteriously removed from international archives ... [ i]t nowappears that a vast international conspiracy involving Marshal JosipBroz Tito ... [ and ] the United Nations , some Vatican officials and evenJewish organizations strove to keep the Jasenovac story buriedforever ...
Tito 's watchwords were ' brotherhood and unity , ' and topursue these high goals he tried to erase the chapter of Jasenovac .
TheWest generally went along , particularly after Tito broke with Stalin in1948 .
The Vatican wanted to protect Roman Catholic Croats , who had beenwilling Nazi proxies in the Balkans .
" The silence of Jewish organizations is less easily explained ...
[ Thelate Milan Bulajic , of Belgrade 's Genocide Museum , met ] officials ofthe Holocaust Museum [ in Washington to ] find out why no one mentionsthe Yugoslav Jews who died there .
He did not seem to get a clear - cutanswer ...
When Yugoslavia fell apart in 1991 ... troops of newlyindependent Croatia briefly captured the site and , according to Serbiansources , blew up whatever was left of the camp and destroyed allremaining records .
" An apology is also owed to Catholic clergy whose appeals the Churchignored .
Archbishop Misic of Mostar , Herzegovina , asked Stepinac to usehis influence with authorities to prevent the massacres .
And Bulajicwrote of a group of Slovenian Catholic priests who were " sent to the Jasenovac camp because they refused to serve a mass of thanksgiving toUstasha leader Ante Pavelic ...
One of the imprisoned Slovenian priests , Anton Rantasa , managed to escape ...
On 10 November 1942 , he informed [ Stepinac and the papal legate Ramiro Marcone ] ... on the crimes ofgenocide being perpetrated at Jasenovac .
He was told to keep silent .
" Similarly , historian Savich writes , " It bears noting that Stepinac wastried and convicted ... by Roman Catholic Croats ... under the regime ofa Roman Catholic Croatian ...
Many of the historians who documented the Ustasha NDH genocide were Roman Catholic Croats , such as Viktor Novak .
"
In his 1950 book , Walter Montano wrote of the Stepinac trial : " A parade of prosecutionwitnesses testified at Zagreb , on October 5 , 1946 , that Catholicpriests armed with pistols went out to convert Orthodox Serbs andmassacred them ...
Most of the witnesses were Croat Catholic peasantsand laborers .
" INDEED , JUST as blame for tacit approval of a genocide and subsequentescape for the perpetrators can't fall merely on " a few individuals , " it 's more than a few individuals who deserve credit for the opposite .
For example , Jews were saved by the entire Catholic nation of Italy ( inits sovereign pre-1943 form ) , including the commandant of the Ferramonti concentration camp , who " said his job was to protect theinmates , not kill them , " as UPI reported in 2003 .
Not surprisingly , Italian soldiers also intervened in the slaughter of Serbs by Croatsand Axis- aligned Albanians in Kosovo .
Unfortunately , rather than distancing the Church from Aloysius Stepinac , the Vatican - centered newspaperresponded that the " trial was a trial against the Catholic Church . "
NewYork cardinal Francis Spellman outrageously named a parochial school in White Plains after Stepinac , and in 1952 Pius XII made him cardinal .
Then , despite requests by the Simon Wiesenthal Center to hold off untilthe cardinal 's wartime role could be better assessed , Pope John Paul IIbeatified Stepinac in 1998 .
Croatian groups ( and some Croatian Jews ) even appealed to Yad Vashem togive Stepinac the Righteous Gentile title , since he saved some Jews oncondition of conversion .
To which Yad Vashem had to reply in almostabsurd terms : " Persons who assisted Jews but simultaneouslycollaborated or were linked with a fascist regime which took part inthe Nazi- orchestrated persecution of Jews , may be disqualified for the Righteous title .
" The same should be said to Pope Benedict about his efforts to canonizePius XII .
Even as it denied Stepinac 's well known association with the Ustasha , Pius 's Vatican served as the conduit for smuggling the Ustashas out after the war .
According to declassified US documentsintroduced in a recent class - action lawsuit against the Vatican Bankfor laundering Ustasha loot - used to finance the Ustashas ' escapes andpostwar sustenance - Pavelic was hidden in a Croatian Catholicmonastery in Rome , where the office of the American CounterintelligenceCorps on September 12 , 1947 , reported that " Pavelic 's contacts are sohigh , and his present position is so compromising to the Vatican , thatany extradition of subject would deal a staggering blow to the RomanCatholic Church . "
From Rome , Pavelic fled to Argentina , where he becamea security adviser to Juan Peron , who issued thousands of visas tofleeing Ustashas .
in 2006 reported that Msgr. Giovanni Battista Montini , Pius 's undersecretary of state andlater Pope Paul VI , learned of " the investigation [ that US Armycounterintelligence agent William ]
Gowen 's unit was conducting .
Montinicomplained about Gowen to his superiors and accused him of havingviolated the Vatican 's immunity by having entered church buildings , such as the Croatian college , and conducting searches there .
The aim ofthe complaint was to interfere with the investigation .
" A May 2007 press release from plaintiffs ' attorney Jonathan Levy in the Vatican Bank case states , " To date , the Vatican attorneys ... [ are ] insisting that the Vatican Bank 's money laundering scheme for Axisplunder violated no international law , since the Ustasha 's victims , mainly Orthodox Christian Serbs , were technically citizens of ' Independent ' Croatia .
The unrepentant tone of the Vatican bodes poorlyfor Pius XII and the current controversy involving his elevation tosainthood .
" THE VATICAN'S ongoing World War II identity crisis was evident lastSeptember when , after prodding from Croatian leaders , Zagreb ArchbishopJosip Bozanic paid a 60 - year - late visit to the Jasenovac memorial site , the first official representative of the Croatian Church to attend theannual memorial ceremony .
Instead of an apology , Bozanic defendedStepinac and the Church , and used the long - awaited moment to also mournthe massacre of fleeing Nazis by partisans in Bleiburg , Austria - wherean annual , Croatian government - sponsored commemoration ceremony is wellattended by Catholic dignitaries .
Bozanic was not reproached by the Vatican , which also does n't reproach the Croatian Church 's tolerance ofthe ubiquitous pro-Nazi symbolism in that country , which reemerged asCroatian " culture " in the early 1990s .
President Stjepan Mesic himself , who just left office after 10 years , had to recently ask the Vatican to pay closer attention to a bishop andmilitary chaplain who regularly recites a violent poem that ends withthe Ustasha saying : " For the fatherland , ready .
" This is the Balkan country that 's on the fast - track for EU membership .
That 's where decades of evasion , deflection and cover - up get us , something that contributed to John Paul II 's own neglect of Jasenovac - the Balkans ' largest killing grounds - during his three trips toCroatia .
It also leads us to last December 's spectacle of Pope Benedicthaving a private audience with Marko Perkovic , lead singer of thenotorious clerical - fascist Croatian pop band Thompson , which regularlyinvokes " For the fatherland , ready " and had odes to concentration campson earlier albums .
Many Thompson fans engage in Nazi salutes , and nunsand politicians attend the " patriotic " concerts .
People bury history in order to repeat it .
John Ranz , chairman of Buchenwald Survivors , in a 1996 letter to , wrote : " Ironically , with US help , [ 1990s president ]
Franjo Tudjman wasable to accomplish last year what the Nazis and their World War IIcollaborators could not , namely the uprooting of the entire SerbianKrajina population ...
The World War II fascist regime of Ante Pavelicis being officially rehabilitated in Croatia today .
Streets and publicbuildings are being named after the architects of the Holocaust , Nazi-era currency revived , while the numbers and scope of the humancarnage are being rewritten .
" Had history not been dumped into a mass grave , Western publics mighthave been allowed a fuller understanding of the Balkan wars , given thatby 1991 it was " normal to kill Serbs , " as Zarko Puhovski , of the Helsinki Committee for Human Rights , put it .
When Croatia seceded fromYugoslavia in June 1991 - and the Vatican was the first to recognize itdespite a UN resolution warning this could imperil a peaceful solution - survival dictated that the Serbs secede from the secessionists .
" Afew days after the Croatians declared war , " writes historian Israel , Pope John Paul II " sent a letter to the Yugoslav government demandingit not suppress the rebellion . "
And so it was that in 1991 threeCroatian soldiers saw " truckloads of bloated , stinking bodies , mothersand children blown up by bombs , and someone wearing a necklace made ofears , " Reuters reported on January 28 , 1998 .
And so it was that president Tudjman was a prominent guest at theinauguration of the US Holocaust Memorial Museum in 1993 , despitesaying that " 900,000 died , not 6 million , " and ranged from calling Jasenovac a " myth , " to blaming Jews for the killings there , to offeringa formal apology for the 20,000 Jews killed there - but not for theseveral hundred thousand Serbs .
And so it was that in 1995 , as Croatiansoldiers with Ustasha insignia cleansed the Krajina of Serbs - under USair cover - the Glina massacre survivor Ljuban Jednak once again fledfor his life , dying a refugee in 1997 .
And so it was that in 2005 , when then Hague prosecutor Carla del Pontelearned that indicted 1990s war criminal Gen .
Ante Gotovina was beingsheltered in a Franciscan monastery in Croatia , the Roman Catholic ladyfound herself " ' extremely disappointed ' to encounter a wall of silencefrom the Vatican " which , she told the , " could probably pinpoint exactly which of Croatia 's 80 monasteries was sheltering him ' in a few days .
'" And so it was that at the 2006 inauguration of the spruced - up Jasenovacmemorial , the Simon Wiesenthal Center 's Efraim Zuroff observed " theabsence of any identification of the individuals responsible for thecrimes described ...
I was amazed that none of the speakers mentioned ... Croatia 's greatest achievement in facing its Ustasha past - theprosecution and conviction of Jasenovac commander Dinko Sakic ...
Couldit be that the punishment of such a criminal ... is so unpopular , evenin today 's Croatia ...?
" And so it was that Sakic was buried last July in full Nazi uniform , with a Father Vjekoslav Lasic - one of many who hold masses in honor of Ante Pavelic - officiating .
" Independent State of Croatia is thefoundation of today 's homeland of Croatia , " Lasic said .
" Everyhonorable Croat is proud of the name Dinko Sakic .
" When no Croatian official of stature spoke out against the display , Zuroff called on the president to condemn the organizers and remindCroatian society that Sakic brought it shame , not pride .
In enshrining the Church 's divided World War II loyalties by canonizing the ambivalent pope at the time , the Church would be announcing to theworld what it 's made of .
But the Church is better than the sum of itsnastier parts .
Canonizing Pius XII would be unjust to Catholics who didmore than he , and an insult to Catholics everywhere .
Pius should n't bedemonized , but he should n't be sanctified .
Tags
[ This paper is the conclusion of a two - part series .
The first article was " Radical Patent Reform Is Not on the Way . " ]
Anti-Eating Mouth Cage US Patent Issued in 1982
As I noted in Part 1 , there is a growing clamor for reform of patent ( and copyright ) law , due to the increasingly obvious injustices resulting from these intellectual property ( IP ) laws .
However , the various recent proposals for reform merely tinker with details and leave the essential features of the patent system intact .
Patent scope , terms , and penalties would still be essentially the same .
How should the IP system be reformed ?
For those with a principled , libertarian view of property rights , it is obvious that patent and copyright laws are unjust and should be completely abolished .
Total abolition is , however , exceedingly unlikely at present .
Further , most people favor IP for less principled , utilitarian reasons .
They take a wealth - maximization approach to policy making .
They favor patent and copyright law because they believe that it generates net wealth — that the value of the innovation stimulated by IP law is significantly greater than the costs of these laws .
What is striking is that this myth is widely believed even though the IP proponents can adduce no evidence in favor of this hypothesis .
There are literally no studies clearly showing any net gains from IP .
If anything , it appears that the patent system , for example , imposes a gigantic net cost on the economy ( approximately $ 31 billion a year , in my estimate ) .
In any case , even those who support IP on cost - benefit grounds have to acknowledge the costs of the system , and they should not oppose changes to IP law that significantly reduce these costs , so long as the change does not drastically reduce the innovation gains that IP purportedly stimulates .
In other words , according to the reasoning of IP advocates , if weakening patent strength reduces costs more than it reduces gains , this results in a net gain .
In this paper I attempt to identify the most important changes that should be made to IP law to reduce its most egregious and significant costs , while not gutting its alleged innovation - stimulating effects .
Keep in mind , however , that even the advocates of IP cannot show what its costs or alleged gains are ; they provide no quantitative evidence but only intuition and qualitative reasoning .
Thus , they cannot object if my suggestions also rely on common sense and extensive experience with the working of the existing IP system .
Moreover , given that virtually all empirical studies in this regard conclude that IP is either neutral or a net cost , the burden of proof should be on the IP advocate to show that a proposed change that clearly and significantly reduces costs should not be made .
I will focus primarily on patent law , and also conclude more briefly with some proposed improvements to copyright and federal trademark law .
Costs and Benefits of IP Law
As noted above , the utilitarian or wealth - maximization arguments in favor of patent rights claim that a patent system is desirable because it does more good than harm — that it generates more wealth than it costs .
The " wealth " purportedly generated is a result of the patent monopoly providing an incentive to innovate , and to disseminate knowledge that would otherwise be kept secret .
The idea is that , instead of keeping an invention as a trade secret , the inventor , in exchange for the limited monopoly on the invention , makes the information about it public in a published patent that others can learn from , even if they can't yet use the patented device or process .
And the promise of monopoly profits , or the reduction of free - rider effects , can incentivize innovation at the margins .
But benefits are not enough .
The standard argument for patents is that the system leads to a net benefit — that the benefits exceed the costs .
While IP proponents may dispute the claim that a patent system produces no overall , unambiguous benefits to offset its costs ( discussed further below ) , it can not be denied that there are significant costs .
Note also that both costs and purported benefits are related to the " strength " of patent rights : the length of the patent term , the extent and type of penalties imposed on infringers , and the scope of patent rights .
Stronger patents , according to the standard argument , will produce greater incentives to generate even more innovation - related wealth , but at increased cost .
Conversely , weaker patents would impose fewer costs but would provide smaller incentives to disclose and innovate .
Patent proponents must , if only grudgingly , concede that diminishing returns are achieved at a certain point — that the " net " wealth produced by the patent system decreases as the marginal increase in costs exceeds the marginal increase in alleged benefits .
Patent advocates , for example , do not advocate quintuple damages instead of treble damages , or capital punishment for willful infringement , or making the patent term 1,000 years , or increasing patent scope to include algorithms and abstract scientific discoveries .
They implicitly believe that strengthening the patent system in this way would cost more than would be gained .
And yet patent advocates also resist reductions in patent strength , even though it is possible that the costs could fall more dramatically than the alleged benefits .
Or , as one economist puts it , that we are " on the wrong side of the Laffer curve for innovation . "
The costs of the patent system are widespread .
Ridiculous patents are issued or filed and companies are enjoined from selling their products .
Judgments are issued and settlements reached for billions of dollars .
Untold hundreds of millions of dollars are spent annually on patent programs , largely for defensive purposes — to dissuade competitors from bringing a patent infringement lawsuit for fear of being hit with a similar counterclaim .
Often , dominant competitors sue each other , and then back down , settling with a huge cross-license to each other 's patent portfolios .
This gives them freedom to operate , but the threat to the smaller players remains .
Once again , as in the case of minimum - wage , social - security , and prounion laws , federal legislation works in favor of big business , and small companies or independent inventors are left out in the cold at the mercy of million - dollar patent suits filed by the business oligarchs .
Or after one company prevails in a patent suit against a competitor , the wounded victim succumbs and is absorbed by the victor .
Would that these millions of dollars could have been spent on salaries , R&D , equipment , or other capital investments instead , or simply been returned to shareholders in the form of dividends .
The possibility of being shut down by a competitor is a perennial threat to businesses , especially small companies , who cannot afford to spend millions of dollars defending a patent suit .
High - tech startups are even more vulnerable : they often have very low cash or profits , making them even less able to defend a patent lawsuit ; and because they use newer technology , they are also more likely to infringe patents .
It is virtually impossible to be aware of all the patents that are out there , or that are about to emerge , or that have just been filed ( and that are secret for 18 months after filing ) .
And even if one could identify all of the pertinent patents , there can be literally thousands of patent claims ( the several defined inventions set forth in each patent that define the " metes and bounds " of protection granted by the patent ) that could be a potential problem , and no definitive interpretation of any of them .
Most claims have not been parsed by a court , and many are intentionally obscure or vague , having been drafted by highly skilled , crafty patent attorneys taking maximum advantage of ever - shifting , complex and arcane rules , and having been approved by understaffed government patent examiners unable to find all the relevant prior art .
And so companies do what they can but , in the end , they often just forge ahead , risking a patent suit ( after all , a patent infringement lawsuit is not the only risk that entrepreneurs face ) , hoping not to be noticed , or hoping to be successful enough to accumulate the war chest needed to fight a patent suit or to have acquired enough of a patent arsenal to fight back or ward off such an attack in the first place .
In some cases , no doubt , the nascent business is never formed ; the would - be entrepreneur , sensing a dangerous patent thicket , steers clear of a given technology or business — thus leaving it to the techno - oligarchs ( unseen costs are still costs , as Bastiat observed ) .
Or a given company sticks to its current lines of business , afraid to venture into a heavily patented area .
And so on .
So much for innovation or entrepreneurial risk .
So the costs of the patent system are obvious and huge , if not easily quantifiable .
Patent proponents themselves have no idea what the exact costs , or purported benefits , of the patent system are ; they have no idea what the net benefit of the patent system is , or whether there even is a net benefit .
We can identify some of the costs , but not all of them .
It is , in any event , certain that there are tremendous costs to individuals , businesses , and the economy in general .
As noted by Dell Inc. , et al. , in their amicus curiae brief to the Supreme Court in the Quanta Computer v. LG Electronics case ,
[ Patent ] rights are intended to encourage innovation but come at a significant cost to other market participants and are " restrictive of a free economy " ( United States v. Masonite Corp . … ( 1942 ) ) .
Indeed , this Court recently recognized that when patent rights are not appropriately defined , " patents might stifle , rather than promote , the progress of useful arts . "
KSR Int'l Co. v. Teleflex Inc.… ( 2007 ) . [ emphasis added ]
And as pointed out by Allison et al. ,
Inventors come up with a new idea , hire a lawyer , write a patent application , spend years in the arcane and labyrinthine procedures of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office ( PTO ) , get a patent , and then … nothing .
Ninety - nine percent of patent owners never even bother to file suit to enforce their rights .
They spend $ 4.33 billion per year to obtain patents , but no one seems to know exactly what happens to most of them .
Call it " The Case of the Disappearing Patents . "
One study suggests that American companies spend $ 11.4 billion a year on software patent litigation ; another conservatively estimates that " the economic losses resulting from the grant of substandard patents can reach $ 21 billion per year by deterring valid research with an additional deadweight loss from litigation and administrative costs of $ 4.5 billion annually . "
I have estimated the net cost of the American patent system to be at least $ 31 billion annually .
Other costs include
" In Terrorem Effects " ( deterring potential competitors or follow - on innovators from entering a field by the existence of patents owned by their competitors )
" Holdup Licensing " ( patent owners might try to game the system by seeking to license even clearly bad patents for royalty payments small enough that licensees decide it is not worth going to court , likely costing in the hundreds of millions of dollars )
" Facilitating Collusion " ( licensees might agree to pay royalties on patents they know are invalid as part of a scheme to cartelize an industry )
Causing consumers to absorb monopoly prices over " inventions " that were already effectively common knowledge
Directing resources away from productive research and instead toward strategic accumulation of patents already filed over innovations already deployed
Diverting resources to " defensive patenting " or securing offensive " blocking patents "
Directing research away from areas of existing patents that should not have been granted
Directing resources toward acquiring and enforcing substandard patents and collecting royalties rather than other , more - productive fields of economic activity .
Some argue that the patent system actually reduces net innovation — that the costs of the patent system are not only greater than its benefits , but that the patent system imposes costs and also reduces innovation .
In other words , it is not only that the patent system imposes billions of dollars in costs , and that it is uncertain whether the extra innovation stimulated is worth more than this cost ; it also seems likely that the patent system actually stifles and impedes innovation , adding injury to injury .
And this is just a smattering of the possible harms and costs of the patent system .
If patent rights can be adjusted to significantly reduce these costs , without obviously reducing the benefits by a greater amount , then even utilitarian patent proponents should favor this change — unless they can demonstrate otherwise with sound reasoning or empirical data .
" Who can deny that , given the existing system , patent attorneys perform a valuable service ?
If we someday develop a cure for cancer , there will be no cancer doctors ; this does not mean cancer specialists are not needed now , so long as there is cancer . "
Most natural - rights patent advocates , such as Ayn Rand , also oppose patent rights of infinite duration or scope .
They do not believe patents should last forever , or that capital punishment should be imposed for infringement , for example .
Instead , they favor some finite duration and scope for patent rights — 17 or so years of enforceability , and so on .
Now , if these limits are arbitrary , the " principled " patent proponent has little basis to oppose moving patent boundaries in one direction or the other — a 12 - or 28 - year patent term is just as good ( and as arbitrary ) as a 17 - year term .
What inevitably happens is that the deontological or principled proponent of patent rights resorts to utilitarian standards to argue for drawing the line here as oppose to there .
They , too , therefore , have no principled opposition to changes that significantly reduce the patent system 's costs .
As for patent skeptics and opponents , they , too , will endorse changes to the patent system that unambiguously reduce its costs .
My proposals should find favor in the eyes of those who would like to abolish patents altogether .
Someone who wants the patent term reduced from seventeen to zero years will be in favor of reducing the term to twelve years , for example .
The proposals herein are thus analogous to arguing for a lower tax rate , no matter what type of tax is in place — as opposed to proposing tinkering with the tax system to make it more " fair " or efficient .
So , it is uncontroversial that patents should not be " too easy " to get , nor should they be " too strong . "
Even the Supreme Court , over a century ago , acknowledged that if patent monopolies are granted " for every trifling device , every shadow of a shade of an idea , which would naturally and spontaneously occur to any skilled mechanic or operator in the ordinary progress of manufactures , " then
such an indiscriminate creation of exclusive privileges tends rather to obstruct than to stimulate invention .
It creates a class of speculative schemers who make it their business to watch the advancing wave of improvement , and gather its foam in the form of patented monopolies , which enable them to lay a heavy tax upon the industry of the country , without contributing anything to the real advancement of the arts .
It embarrasses the honest pursuit of business with fears and apprehensions of concealed liens and unknown liabilities lawsuits and vexatious accountings for profits made in good faith .
In other words , it 's a good thing if patent applicants face a high hurdle ; if it 's difficult to obtain a patent , fewer patents on " trifling devices " will be granted .
The Silent Bar
Some patent attorneys balk at such critiques of the patent system .
They take it personally , as if their career choice is under attack .
But they should not .
Who can deny that , given the existing system , patent attorneys perform a valuable service ?
By analogy , in a just society there would be no taxation , and thus no need for tax attorneys .
But given the existence of taxation , tax attorneys provide a valuable service to there clients .
If we someday develop a cure for cancer , there will be no cancer doctors ; this does not mean cancer specialists are not needed now , so long as there is cancer .
Nor are tax attorneys and oncologists expected to favor taxes or cancer .
Why , then , should patent attorneys be required to favor the current patent system as a policy matter , just because they are navigating the existing rules on behalf of their clients ?
The problem is not what patent attorneys do ; it 's what they favor .
Similarly , the problem with a protax tax attorney is not that he defends people from the IRS ; it 's that he advocates a tax system .
And everyone would object to a cancer doctor working to cause more people to have cancer .
And are my cynical views about patents really that isolated among the patent bar ?
Sure , most patent lawyers give lip service to the idea that patents are " necessary " to " promote innovation . "
Yet almost none , in my experience , give any serious thought to this .
Most , if they have any opinion at all , simply repeat the bromides they hear in law school and that courts and law professors repeat ad nauseum as if they are obvious , undisputed truths .
Virtually all of them have been pickled in the wealth - maximization , law - and - economics ideas rife in law school .
So they have a vague notion that the patent system is good because it encourages innovation .
And innovation is a good thing , right ?
It adds value to the economy and improves our lives .
Ceteris paribus , of course .
And there 's the rub — the ceteris paribus " gotcha . "
Rarely do any patent advocates bother to ask whether the patent system 's costs are greater than its alleged benefits .
Talk to a typical patent practitioner : he will almost unfailingly state his support for the patent system and " the inventor . "
Innovation is good , he 'll say ; so of course it should be protected , encouraged , and stimulated .
But drill a bit deeper , ask him if he has any reasons for this other than what he has heard others say , and he 'll usually cave in , or change the subject .
You quickly realize most of them just do not care .
( It 's sort of like asking a public - school teacher why she favors public education .
She claims to be in favor of it , but is not interested in coming up with a non-self - serving justification for it . )
For this reason , perhaps , almost none of them are even aware that no one seems to have ever established that the purported benefits of patents are greater than their costs .
They do not know that whenever any attempt is made to estimate the costs of the patent system and to compare them to its benefits , the study is either inconclusive or concludes that the patent system is a net loss to the economy .
They will reflexively repeat the standard propatent mantra if asked , but they really do n't care , or know , whether these purported justifications make any sense .
In a way , it is refreshing that patent attorneys do not care whether the patent system is really justifiable .
Tax attorneys defend victims of a rapacious state without necessarily defending taxes — or even having an opinion about it .
If you hire a tax attorney , you want an effective one , not one who has the right policy views .
Likewise with patent attorneys .
They are a conservative lot — most are engineers in a former life — and do n't want to rock the boat .
They do n't need to come out with a sophisticated stance on patent policy in order to represent clients .
They do n't need to point out that the emperor has no clothes , or even figure this out in the first place .
And clients really do n't care about this any more than they care whether their advocates read comics in private or what church they attend .
It 's just not relevant .
Nevertheless , my experience would indicate that the propatent stance of the patent bar is not as uniform as surface appearances might indicate .
To be sure , there are the expected , official , propatent comments by the " respectable , " establishment IP advocacy groups — the ABA , the AIPLA , Intellectual Property Owners Association , the various " IPLAs " — PIPLA , HIPLA , NYIPLA — and so on .
But if you press your average practitioner when the senior partner 's not listening , it 's not hard to get him to admit he 's just doing what he has to do to pay the mortgage .
He does n't care about the system 's " legitimacy , " and does n't pretend to know much about it either , other than genuflecting when the IP priests tell him to .
In fact , many display a refreshingly self - honest cynicism in this regard .
It 's the kind of thing that many in the profession know but can't say too loudly in polite company .
Take , for example , the results of this informal web poll I conducted a while back .
The poll was circulated among both patent attorneys and libertarians ( and others , such as Digg readers ) , in which 84 percent of respondents ( at this writing ) answered " Yes " to the question " Would you give up your right to sue others for patent infringement in exchange for immunity from all patent lawsuits ? "
And consider the offhand comment in which a patent attorney admits , " Patents are intended to lure potential inventors into the business of innovation .
The truth is , however , that very little is known about how patents really drive innovation . "
Consider also a poignantly honest admission that was made by a patent attorney in an email to me in response to a letter in the trade magazine , IP Today .
I had critiqued patent litigator Joseph Hosteny 's defense of patent trolls — in particular his comment that " the patent system is necessary for there to be invention and innovation . "
I had written ,
There is … no conclusive evidence showing that the purported benefits of the patent system — extra innovation induced by the potential to profit from a patent ; earlier - than - otherwise public disclosure of innovation — exceeds the significant and undeniable costs of the patent system . …
Is the patent system " worth it " ?
Who knows ?
Apparently no one does .
It seems to follow that we patent attorneys ought not pretend that we do .
In response I received an interesting email from a respected patent attorney , a senior partner in the IP department of a major national law firm who shall remain anonymous :
Stephan ,
Your letter responding to Joe Hosteny 's comments on Patent Trolls nicely states what I came to realize several years ago , namely , it is unclear that the U.S. Patent System , as currently implemented , necessarily benefits society as a whole .
Certainly , it has benefited [ Hosteny ] and his [ partners ] and several of their prominent clients , and has put Marshall , Texas on the map ; but you really have to wonder if the " tax " placed on industry by the System … is really worth it .
It is my belief that there is at least tacit recognition by a nontrivial segment of the patent bar that they are participating in a scheme where wealth is transferred from " infringers " to " patentees , " with the patent practitioners extracting a healthy handling fee .
They have no idea whether this system is " good for " the economy or society as a whole , nor do they care , despite giving lip service to the propatent yada yada .
This does not imply that companies can afford not to fight within the rules of the current system .
They have to acquire patents if only for defensive reasons : to ward off patent infringement suits from competitors .
But the question at hand is what kind of changes ought to be made to improve the situation .
Anything that can reduce the risks and costs faced by entrepreneurs and businesses ought to be given serious consideration .
Most of all , market actors need freedom to operate — freedom to engage in business without fear of competitors using the power of the state to hobble them or shut them down .
Typical Proposals for Reform
Before laying out my own proposed changes , it is illuminating to note the reform proposals typically advanced .
For example , James Bessen and Michael J. Meurer , in their book Patent Failure : How Judges , Bureaucrats , and Lawyers Put Innovators at Risk ( Princeton , 2008 ) , propose the following :
" Make patent claims transparent . "
" Make claims clear and unambiguous by enforcing strong limits against vague or overly abstract claims . "
" Make patent search feasible by reducing the flood of patents . "
" Besides improving notice , we also favor reforms to mitigate the harm caused by poor notice .
These include an exemption from penalties when the infringing technology was independently invented and changes in patent remedies that might discourage opportunistic lawsuits . "
The group Public Knowledge proposes the following reforms to improve patent law and the patent - litigation process :
Raising the standard from determination of obviousness from the person having " ordinary skill " in the art to a person having " recognized skill " in the art .
Peer review of patent applications .
Permitting third parties to submit prior art , and rewarding them with fee reimbursement if successful .
Permitting post - grant review of patents by the USPTO prior to litigation .…
Removing the presumption of validity that issued patents enjoy .
Apportioning damages to be proportional to the value of the patent .
Allowing circuit courts other than the Federal Circuit to hear patent appeals .
Limiting litigation venues to those jurisdictions with a meaningful connection to one of the litigants .
Other proposals for reform abound .
While some of these ideas would no doubt improve matters , most of them are at best minor , mere tinkering with the system .
Making patent claims more " transparent " is a technical , elusive goal that still will not reduce the term or scope of patents , or the penalties imposed for infringement , for example .
Of these suggestions , providing an independent inventor defense is best .
Proposed Improvements to Patent Law
Below are suggested reforms to the existing patent system that would , in my view , significantly reduce the costs and harm imposed by the patent system while not appreciably , or as significantly , reducing the innovation incentives and other purported benefits of the patent system .
The changes proposed below are changes I believe would benefit high - tech companies as well as other companies that do not develop a great deal of patentable technology .
I list these changes in generally descending order of importance .
Reduce the Patent Term
Companies face an immense patent thicket .
In part this is due to the approximately 17 - year patent term .
It is not uncommon to come across patents issued 10 or 15 years earlier that pose a threat to one 's business .
Many of these patents should not have been issued .
Appeals for " improving patent quality " are likely to be futile or of minimal effect , as are the calls for improving government " efficiency " by presidential candidates every four years .
" This does not imply that companies can afford not to fight within the rules of the current system .
They have to acquire patents if only for defensive reasons .
But the question at hand is what kind of changes ought to be made to improve the situation . "
The patent term should be reduced to 5 or 7 years ( from approximately 17 – 18 years now ) .
( Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos actually proposes a 3 – 5 year term for business method and software patents . )
Such a reduction would eliminate a huge portion of the patent threat that entrepreneurs and companies face , drastically reducing the costs borne by companies .
There would be fewer lawsuits and fewer threats , lower insurance premiums , and reduced patent license fees and royalties .
( Note : it is true that products such as pharmaceuticals and medical devices may be delayed for years by the FDA approval process .
However , at least some of the time lost can be added to the patent term , so that such products would still have a patent coverage period once the product receives regulatory approval . )
Yet there would still be an incentive to file patent applications to obtain a 5 – 7 year monopoly on one 's idea .
Would the incentive be reduced somewhat ?
Probably .
But there is no reason to think the incentive would be drastically reduced , or that we would lose more marginal innovation and disclosure than would be saved .
Another twist would be to have a sliding scale , with longer terms granted for different types of subject matter ( e.g. , business methods , software , and pharmaceuticals ) .
Such an approach would , obviously , be more complex and probably hopelessly unworkable .
( See also the discussion of a petty patent system , below . )
Remove Patent Injunctions / Provide Compulsory Royalties
Paying royalties is one thing .
This is similar to a tax .
It impedes and puts a drag on efficiency .
Worse still is the prospect of an injunction , which can simply shut a company down .
Quite often this is what a competitor will seek .
They do not want damages or money : they want to dominate the market and eliminate competition .
Or the threat of injunction is used to basically wring money from an alleged infringer ( e.g. , the $ 600 million RIM ( BlackBerry ) had to pay , even though the patents were under appeal at the PTO , due to the threat of an injunction ) .
If the purpose of the patent system is to provide some incentive to innovators , then receiving a monetary payment should be sufficient .
Patent injunctions should be abolished entirely .
The only remedy should be an award of damages ( for past infringement ) or a compulsory license ( ongoing royalties based on future " infringement " ) .
This would prevent patentees from shutting down competitors .
At most , they could impose a small " tax . "
Litigation costs , insurance premiums , and the ability of patentees to extract unreasonable royalties from alleged infringers would be radically curtailed .
On the other hand , because patentees would still be able to seek reasonable royalties , there would still remain a substantial incentive to file for patents .
The compulsory licensing approach is not new .
Some countries impose compulsory licensing on patentees who do not adequately " work " the patent .
The United States already provides for compulsory licensing in certain cases , as the US government threatened to do in the Cipro anthrax drug case .
Also , in the wake of the recent eBay case , some courts are awarding some form of ongoing royalty of compulsory license instead of an injunction .
Royalty Cap / Safe Harbor
A variation of this approach would be to set a cap on the total amount of royalties that any one company would have to pay for compulsory patent royalties ( at least , for a given product ) — for example , 5 percent .
Thus , if one is sued by 3 different patentees , at most he has to pay 5 percent royalties on sales .
If too many patent vultures hound an innocent businessman , he could simply throw his hands up , deposit his 5 percent royalty with some escrow agent and let them fight it out .
Reduce the Scope of Patentable Subject Matter
Currently , patents can be obtained for a wide array of inventions : pharmaceuticals , and any type of " useful " apparatus or method , including software and business methods .
This is due to the broad wording of Section 101 of the US Patent Act , which has been construed to mean that the " statutory subject matter " includes " anything under the sun that is made by man . "
Copyright already covers software .
It should be excluded from the scope of patentable subject matter .
Ditto " business methods . "
( Business and software patents are relatively new anyway , so that excluding them from the scope of patentable subject matter is only rolling the clock back a decade or two . )
In fact , the example most often given to show that patents are needed is pharmaceuticals .
So , let 's eliminate patents for everything except pharmaceutical compounds — and reduce the term to 3 – 5 years .
For a spoonful of sugar to help the medicine go down , the FDA should be abolished , and federal and state taxes and regulations eased .
Provide for Prior - Use and Independent - Inventor Defenses
Under copyright law , someone who independently creates an original work similar to another author 's original work is not liable for copyright infringement , since the independent creation is not a reproduction of the other author 's work .
Thus , as a defense a copyright defendant can try to show he never had access to the other 's work .
Patents , however , are different .
As long as someone is an actual inventor of an invention ( he did not learn about it from someone else ) , and the invention was not publicly known , he can obtain a patent for it .
Someone who previously invented the same thing and is using the idea in secret can actually be liable for infringing the patent granted to the second inventor .
Also , if a later person independently invents the same idea that was previously patented by another , this is also no defense .
Prior use , or independent invention , is not a general defense .
There is currently only a very limited " prior user " right ( or " first inventor defense " ) , available to those who commercially used a " business method " before someone else patented it .
A defense should be provided for those who are prior users of , or who independently invent , an invention patented by someone else .
This would greatly reduce the cost of the patent system since one difficulty faced by companies is that they do not know what patents they might infringe .
If someone learns of an invention from another 's patent , at least they are aware of the risk and can possibly approach the patentee for a license .
But quite often a company independently comes up with various designs and processes while developing a product , which designs and processes had been previously patented by someone else .
If the goal of patent law is to reward invention , it should be sufficient to permit patentees to sue people who actually learned of the idea from the patent — just as copyright infringement exists when someone reproduced another 's work but not when it is independently created .
One patent - reform bill originally proposed to broaden the existing prior - user defense by eliminating the business - method patent limitation so that users of all types of inventions would have been able to use the defense , but this was removed from later versions of the bill .
A broad prior - user defense should be established , as well as an independent - inventor defense that even a later inventor could use .
Instantly Publish All Patent Applications
Until 1999 , patent applications remained secret until they issued .
Thus arose the problem of " submarine patents " : patents could remain pending in secret for decades — after industry had independently invented and widely adopted the technology — and then " emerge " like a submarine and extract heavy royalties from many companies .
The 1995 amendments to patent law changed the patent term from 17 years from date issuance , to 20 years from the date of filing , to reduce this problem .
And starting in 1999 , US patent applications are now made public 18 months after filing , unless the applicant requests nonpublication and promises not to file the patent internationally .
Part of the " patent bargain " is that the state grants a limited monopoly to inventors in exchange for public disclosure of the invention .
This is why patents are published .
The publication of ( most ) patent applications at 18 months was an improvement , but should be changed to mandatory , instant publishing of all patent applications ( with perhaps a minor delay for any national - security or foreign - filing - license clearance ) .
This would help potential patent defendants by giving them more opportunity to be aware of potential patent threats a year and a half earlier .
Patent applicants have to reveal their secrets at 18 months anyway , and are the ones requesting a state monopoly to use to sue people , so they have no grounds to complain about having to give a bit more fair notice to their potential victims .
Eliminate or Restrict Enhanced Damages
Under current law , if the patentee can prove the infringer " willfully " infringed , up to treble damages can be obtained .
This is punitive .
The patentee ought to be able to recover only actual damages , not three times that amount .
Working / Reduction to Practice Requirement
Under current law , there is no requirement that an invention be actually reduced to practice before a patent is granted on it , or that it be " worked " after grant to maintain the patent in force .
When a patent application is filed , this is considered to be a " constructive reduction to practice . "
It would make it more difficult to obtain frivolous patents if the inventor had to make an actual , working model of the invention — and if the patented invention had to be actually worked or used by the patentee to stay in force .
Provide for Advisory Opinion Panels
Under our current patent system , if a company becomes aware of patent that might be a problem , or is accused of infringing the patent , the company has only limited choices .
It can ignore it , risking possible treble damages for willful infringement ; it can try to negotiate a possibly expensive license , even though the patent 's claims may be ambiguous or its validity doubtful ; or it can pay $ 30,000 or more for a patent opinion that may not do much good anyway .
A cheaper , more streamlined option ought to be introduced to permit a more authoritative opinion to be obtained that helps nail down the scope of the patent 's claims and whether or not the patent is valid .
The UK introduced such a service a couple of years ago .
Variations of this approach could be employed ; as noted above , Public Knowledge proposes " peer review of patent applications , " " permitting third parties to submit prior art , and rewarding them with fee reimbursement if successful , " and " permitting post - grant review of patents by the USPTO prior to litigation . "
Losing Patentee Pays
In the US system , a victorious defendant in a patent - infringement lawsuit usually still pays for his legal defense , which may run in the millions of dollars .
The system should be changed so that a patentee who loses an infringement suit must pay the defendant 's legal and other costs .
The IPO recently proposed a loser - pays approach , but in my view , the defendant should never have to pay the fees of the patentee , since the defendant did not instigate the suit .
Expand Right to Seek Declaratory Judgments
Under current law , someone threatened with a patent lawsuit can bring a declaratory judgment ( DJ ) action to have a court decide the issue .
The MedImmune decision made it easier for licensees to use a DJ action to challenge the validity of patents they had previously licensed .
The Declaratory Judgment
Act should be expanded to make it easier for potential infringers to bring an action against a patentee if there is any doubt by the potential infringer .
For example , if A is worried about violating B's patent , A could request B to provide a written exoneration statement that it does not intend to sue A or request a license for a given product .
If B does this , B is estopped from ever suing A for patent infringement with respect to that product .
If B refuses to provide the statement within 30 days , then A has a right to seek a DJ .
Better yet —
A provides B a description of its product and demands an exoneration statement ; if B does not provide one , it releases its right to sue A .
This would give B 30 days to decide whether to admit to A that it intends to sue .
If B makes this admission , this triggers A's right to seek a DJ .
Exclude IP from Trade Negotiations
The United States routinely uses its international heft to coerce other states into adopting more draconian IP laws .
This increases costs internationally for American and other companies .
Other Changes
There are a host of changes that have been proposed .
These include changing from a first - to - file to a first - to - invent system ; reducing the scope of patent claims ; increasing PTO funding to " improve " the examination process ; refining the criteria for injunctions to be granted ; permitting postgrant challenge of patents or submission of prior art by third parties ; implementing a " peer - to - patent " review system ; and establishing a federal office to review PTO actions .
Some have suggested adopting a utility model or " petty patent " system , in which patent applications are examined only minimally and receive narrower protection ; this type of IP right is already available in some countries .
Many of these proposals are aimed at " improving patent quality " or other dubious goals .
These changes are , by and large , of either doubtful or trivial value .
Nevertheless , some fairly minor or technical , but largely positive , changes could also be made , which I list only briefly here :
Increase the threshold for obtaining a patent
Increase patent filing fees to make it more difficult to obtain a patent
Make it easier to challenge a patent 's validity at all stages
Require patent applicants to specify exactly what part of their claimed invention is new and what part is " old " ( e.g. , by the use of European - style " characterized in that " claims )
Require patent applicants to do a search and provide an analysis showing why their claimed invention is new and nonobvious ( patent attorneys really hate this one )
Limit the number of claims
Limit the number of continuation applications
Remove the presumption of validity that issued patents enjoy
Apportion damages to be proportional to the value of the patent
Copyright and Trademark
Of course , patent law is not the only area of IP law that could stand improvement .
Examples of copyright and trademark abuse also abound .
I will not discuss these matters in depth here , other than to briefly suggest a few proposals for reform .
Copyright
Radically reduce the term , from life plus 70 years to , say , 10 years
Remove software from copyright coverage ( it 's functional , not expressive )
Require active registration and periodic re-registration ( for a modest fee ) and copyright notice to maintain copyright ( today it is automatic , and it is often impossible to determine , much less locate , the owner ) , or otherwise make it easier to use " orphaned works "
Provide an easy way to dedicate works to the public domain — to abandon the copyright the state grants authors
Eliminate manifestly unjust provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) , such as its criminalization of technology that can be used to circumvent digital protection systems
Expand the " fair use " defense and clarify it to remove ambiguity
Provide that incidental use ( e.g. , buildings or sculptures appearing in the background of films ) is fair use
Reduce statutory damages
Trademark
Raise the bar for proving " consumer confusion "
Abolish " antidilution " protection
In fact , abolish the entire federal trademark law , as it is unconstitutional ( the Constitution authorizes Congress to enact copyright and patent laws , but not trademark law )
* * * * *
This paper is the conclusion of a two - part series .
The first article was " Radical Patent Reform Is Not on the Way . "
While we 're surely getting a bit tired of the constant
While we 're surely getting a bit tired of the constant delays and inflated promises , the tech behind the Volt is certainly interesting , and the tech in the OnStar application is even moreso .
When the car is connected you can monitor the charging status and program it to delay its recharging , giving it a deadline for when you need it to be full and then letting it charge itself when the rates are lowest .
Cool , but just the beginning .
You can check driving statistics , honk the horn , lock or unlock the car , and even start it up , all from your handset .
Of course , since the car is basically an electric with an on - board generator , the point is n't to warm up the engine early but rather the interior , making things nice and cozy while ( hopefully ) the car is still on AC power and not depleting its internal batteries .
It 's great but there is a catch : you 'll need to be an OnStar subscriber , a service that once felt like something of a waste but is continually getting more and more appealing .
When this app launches for real it's hard to see it as anything but a must - have .
Until then you can get a taste yourself , with a demo appearing soon at the Apple App Store , and separate ones downloadable now at OnStarMobileDemo.com for Android and BlackBerry .
Naturally it wo n't actually unlock anyone 's doors yet , but nobody needs to know that but you .
Researcher : Israel destroyed Palestinian books
Tens of thousands of Palestinian books destroyed after Israel ’s establishment , Ben-Gurion University researcher says
Ynet | January 28 , 2010
Israel plundered and destroyed tens of thousands of Palestinian books in the years after the State ’s establishment , according to a doctoral thesis to be submitted next month by a Ben-Gurion University researcher .
In an interview with the researcher published on al - Jazeera ’s website Thursday , he claimed that Israel destroyed the Palestinian books in the framework of its plan to “ Judaize the country ” and cut off its Arab residents from their nation and culture .
According to the doctoral dissertation , Israeli authorities collected tens of thousands of Arab books in Jerusalem , Jaffa , Haifa , Safed , and other towns that were home to Arabs .
Israeli officials proceeded to hand out about half the books , while destroying the second half , characterizing them as a “ security threat , ” the researcher said .
In his al - Jazeera interview , the researcher claimed that , based on Israeli archives , IDF troops plundered the books from the homes of Palestinians expelled during the “ Nakba ” and handed them over to authorities .
The State proceeded to establish a library in Jaffa and other towns for the books , he said .
‘ Cultural massacre ’
The researcher told al - Jazeera that according to documents he possesses , Israel destroyed 27,000 books in 1958 , claiming that they were useless and threatened the State .
Authorities sold the books , most of them textbooks , to a paper plant , he said .
“ This was a cultural massacre undertaken in a manner that was worse than European colonialism , which safeguarded the items it stole in libraries and museums , ” the researcher charged .
He added that some books were sold at discounted prices to Arab schools , while the others were transferred to the Hebrew University ’s library in Jerusalem .
The researcher estimated that about 6,000 Palestinian books are currently available at the National Library at Hebrew University .
However , he claimed that many other books in Arabic , English , and French were not recorded , charging that most of them are being held in the library ’s warehouses and cannot be accessed .
Iraq Court Bars Candidates with Saddam Hussein Ties from Elections
An appellate court in Iraq has ruled that candidates who have alleged ties with the Baath Party of former leader Saddam Hussein will not be allowed to run in the national elections slated March 7 .
The deputy head of the Iraqi High Electoral Commission Hamdiya al - Husseini said that the ruling is already final making 145 candidates as disqualified from running for parliamentary seats .
Campaign officially began Friday , February 11 .
The barred candidates immediately announced their protests .
One of those disqualified , Saleh al - Mutlak , a Sunni , has accused that the move was done due to pressures from Iran .
Mutlak ’s political bloc , the Iraqi National Movement , has declared that they will stop their campaigns for three days to protest the ruling .
The bloc is headed by former Prime Minister Iyad Allawi , a Shiite .
Under Iraqi law established by the Coalition Provisional Authority ( CPA ) in 2003 , Baath loyalists cannot hold top government positions .
The problem is there are no clear criteria as who should be labeled as Baathist or not .
In a unique twist to the notion of using educational scholarships to improve minority representation , an Oregon civil rights group says it will offer a $ 2,000 scholarship to encourage white college students to pursue studies in race relations .
The initiative by the Oregon League of Minority Voters , a nonprofit , nonpartisan group based in Portland , Ore. , may well be the first of its kind .
College scholarships have long been seen as a vehicle – albeit a controversial one – for improving the condition of minorities , but this appears to be the first time that white students have been singled out for assistance in the name of promoting civil rights .
“ We lack white participation in the racial conversation in this state , so we are trying to do something about it , ” says Promise King , executive director of the Oregon group .
“ When we talk about race relations , most of the time in Oregon , most white people are not at the table . ”
The focus of his organization remains on empowering minorities , but the group also feels it ’s important to have non-minority allies in a state where about 90 percent of the population is white , Mr. King says .
“ I ’m trying to push for solutions .
And that ’s what is driving this vision , to really seek out white students who will in the future be at the forefront of civil rights , ” he says .
Historically , the civil rights movement has sought out white allies , says Kenneth Nunn , a law professor at the University of Florida who teaches a course in African - American history and the law .
“ We have all understood that nothing is going to change in America unless the majority feels it is the right thing to do , ” says Professor Nunn .
One reason the Oregon group can undertake this initiative , he says , is because they are a private group .
“ When you are talking about public institutions , it ’s very difficult to do anything that is racially targeted , ” he says .
Minority programs disappearing
Over the past decade , colleges and universities have backed away from scholarships specifically aimed at minority students to avoid claims of discrimination or legal challenges .
“ At least in name , minority programs are rapidly disappearing from college campuses , ” according to a 2004 article in the Chronicle of Higher Education .
“ Colleges are dropping the word ‘ minority ’ from the titles of scholarships and fellowships … and opening them to populations that they had excluded . ”
“ Any public policy that said ‘ no minority need apply ’ would certainly be challenged , ” says Gary Orfield , co-director of The Civil Rights Project at the University of California , Los Angeles .
While Professor Orfield sees a benefit in encouraging white students to pursue civil rights studies , he says that students from all racial and ethnic backgrounds are taking his classes at UCLA .
“ There 's a lot of interest in the younger generation – across the board – in this kind of work , " he says .
And it 's coming at a time , he says , when there is a greater need for academic inquiry in the field of civil rights or racial equality than even at the height of the civil rights movement .
At that time , he says , discussion about race dominated headlines while today it has largely vanished from public discourse .
Initiative criticized
Since King 's group is not a public institution , it may not draw the same legal scrutiny as many universities did for singling out specific racial groups in admission or for scholarships in the name of affirmative action .
Still , the effort is attracting some criticism .
" Promise 's group should not just focus on whites being good allies , but ensuring those people use their power and influence to give up their spot for a person of color , " Nichole Maher , executive director of the Native American Youth and Family Center told The Oregonian .
" The most courageous thing a white ally can do is truly share power . "
But , says King , minorities in Oregon do n't have the political power to advance their issues without powerful white allies .
" We do n’t have enough black or brown leaders who can mount a formidable advocacy around this issue , " he says .
---
Follow us on Twitter .
( CNN ) --
She was a nightclub dancer , a mother , an aspiring writer .
And torn from the calendar where she kept her daily schedule was the month she disappeared : July 1996 .
Susan Walsh , who was 36 at the time , was last seen around noon on July 16 , 1996 .
She told her estranged husband that she was headed to a pay phone a half - block from her apartment in Nutley , New Jersey .
Walsh and her husband , Mark , had been home in their connecting apartments with their 11 - year - old son , who was asleep , said Detective Lt. Steven Rogers of the Nutley Police Department .
" No one actually saw her leave the house , " said Rogers , who became involved in the case in 2003 when he was assigned to command the department 's detective bureau .
" No one saw her on the phone . "
Walsh had just written a story about immigrant strippers allegedly controlled and exploited by the Russian mob .
" This opened up a threat to her , " said her father , Floyd Merchant .
She believed two contracts had been issued for her murder after the story appeared in The Village Voice , said Merchant .
She feared for her life , he said , and had begun drinking again after 11 years of sobriety .
Now , 13 years later , the idea that the publication of Walsh 's story led to her disappearance remains just a theory .
" I do n't believe at this point there 's any connection , " Rogers said .
Despite her passion as an aspiring journalist , Walsh struggled to escape the lure of easy money she earned working as a nightclub dancer in the New York City metro area , her father said .
She had been working in clubs for four years , in part , Merchant said , to support her son .
Her dancing experience gave her access to the clubs , where she collected information for her story .
" She stretched herself in 20 different directions , " Merchant said .
Walsh 's potentially risky lifestyle fueled speculation that she vanished on purpose .
" They did believe that , at one time , " Merchant said .
" That she walked away on her own . "
He said he believed his daughter 's dancing discredited her with police and detracted from the investigation .
But Walsh made no apparent preparations to leave home .
She left behind nearly all of her personal belongings , including her purse , money and medication .
Most important , police say , she left behind her only child , David .
" Susan was a devoted mother , " Merchant said , adding that she would not have left her son voluntarily .
Rogers said Mark Walsh has never been considered a suspect .
The investigation has proven difficult because some of the people involved in Susan Walsh 's life have not been located , " Rogers said , and others have died .
Police still are searching for a second person of interest who they believe has information about the case .
Rogers does not rule out the possibility that Walsh is alive .
But Merchant believes his daughter 's life was in jeopardy .
" The last time I met her she was worried about [ someone ] having her killed , " Merchant said .
" She was coming apart at the seams . "
Detectives searched the couple 's home a day or two after her husband reported her disappearance .
Nothing led them to believe any criminal act occurred in the home .
But her wall calendar , seized during the initial investigation , was missing the month of July .
" To me , that 's significant , " Rogers said .
" Did she have something planned that someone did n't want us to see ? "
Police say they are still investigating .
Anyone with information can contact the Nutley Police Department at ( 973 ) 284-4940 .
" Understand that there are two heartbroken parents who need closure on this , " Rogers said .
" If anyone has information , or if the person who knows what happens reads this , let us know .
If they are directly involved we would work with prosecutors to make sure the right thing is done . "
Dec. 7 , 2009 --
New cancer cases and the cancer death rate continue to fall in the U.S. , driven largely by declines in lung , prostate , and colorectal cancers in men and breast and colorectal cancers in women .
For all types of cancer , new cases declined by nearly 1 % a year between 1999 and 2006 .
During much of the 1990s cancer incidence rates were stable , after increasing steadily from the mid-1970s .
The cancer death rate -- the best predictor of progress against the disease -- has been falling for more than a decade and a half .
Deaths from cancer declined by about 1 % annually between 1993 and 2001 and 1.6 % annually from 2002 to 2006 .
Fewer Americans are smoking and more cancers are being detected early or prevented entirely through screening .
These two trends have played a big part in reducing cancer deaths in the U. S. , experts say .
" We continue to make progress in the battle against cancer , and this progress is reflected in the continued decline in deaths , " Elizabeth Ward , PhD , of the American Cancer Society tells WebMD .
I have to say , COBOL was more fun than I was expecting .
I ’m sure working on ancient , multi-KLOC mainframe apps is not as fun .
But for my purposes , explicitly laying out my working memory and writing keywords in all caps is entertaining .
More impressions :
COBOL is very bureaucratic .
This is not a surprise , in itself , but it is surprising just how bureaucratic it is .
Rigid divisions and sections for required metadata , working data , the equivalent of procedure parameters , the procedures themselves .
Lots of verbiage and boilerplate .
From a modern perspective , I think of high level languages as abstracting away much of the nitty gritty of memory management , function call mechanics , etc. COBOL strikes me , instead , as a way of supporting and enforcing organizational best practices of the day , while leaving a fair bit of the nitty gritty up to the programmer .
The punch card legacy is alive and well .
Top - level lines must begin in column 8 , and any text after column 80 is simply ignored .
( If vim ’s syntax highlighting had not warned me , I ’m sure I ’d have lost many hours to this . )
There is a “ free ” layout mode available in more recent COBOL , but what fun is that ?
You do n’t really have typed variables .
In fact , everything is , more or less , a string as far as I can tell .
Instead , you lay out sections of memory , give them labels , and show the compiler a “ picture ” of how the memory is structured .
The only type information you do have is that you can specify whether a given memory region should contain alphabetic , numeric , or alphanumeric characters .
Alphabetic is represented by “ A ” , numeric by “ 9 ” and alphanumeric by “ X ” .
So , for example “ XXX9A ” represents a 5 - byte region that should contain three characters , a number , and a letter .
You can also define totally different overlays on top of the same region of memory — which you would routinely do in order to , say , define an array with initial values .
You can see this below where I used the “ REDEFINES ” keyword .
The wild - west memory layout and overlays , together with call by reference , let me do some magic tricks .
For instance , I can check for a tie by just asking if the whole region where I keep the board placements is numeric .
Or , I lay out the whole , formatted board at once , and overwrite sections of it as I go , rather than reformatting each time .
I assume that this is the sort of “ cleverness ” that modern languages hope to prevent . 🙂
The syntax bears a strong resemblance to SQL .
I presume this is not accidental .
Here ’s the code :
IDENTIFICATION DIVISION .
PROGRAM -ID . TicTacToe .
DATA DIVISION .
WORKING - STORAGE SECTION .
01 CurrentPlayer PIC A VALUE " X " . 01 CurrentMove PIC 9 ( 10 ) .
01 RowSeparator PIC X( 11 ) VALUE "---+---+---" . *
The board , for calculation purposes 01 CurrentBoard .
02 CurrentBoardValues PIC X( 9 ) VALUE " 123456789 " .
02 CurrentBoardTable REDEFINES CurrentBoardValues .
03 Cell OCCURS 9 TIMES PIC X. *
The board , for display purposes 01 BoardForDisplay .
02 BoardValuesForDisplay . 03 RowOne PIC X( 11 ) VALUE " ( 1 ) | ( 2 ) | ( 3 ) " .
03 FILLER PIC X. 03 RowTwo PIC X( 11 ) VALUE " ( 4 ) |( 5 ) | ( 6 ) " .
03 FILLER PIC X. 03 RowThree PIC X( 11 ) VALUE " ( 7 ) | ( 8 ) | ( 9 ) " .
03 FILLER PIC X. 02 FILLER REDEFINES BoardValuesForDisplay .
03 DisplayCell OCCURS 9 TIMES PIC X ( 4 ) . 01 GameOver PIC X VALUE 'F '.
PROCEDURE DIVISION .
Begin. PERFORM WITH TEST AFTER UNTIL GameOver EQUAL 'T ' PERFORM DisplayBoard DISPLAY
" Select a square , " CurrentPlayer " : " WITH NO ADVANCING ACCEPT CurrentMove IF CurrentMove > 0 AND CurrentMove < 10 AND Cell( CurrentMove ) NUMERIC MOVE CurrentPlayer TO Cell( CurrentMove ) CALL " FormatCell " USING BY CONTENT CurrentPlayer BY REFERENCE DisplayCell( CurrentMove ) PERFORM CheckForWin PERFORM CheckForDraw PERFORM SwitchPlayer END-IF END -PERFORM .
STOP RUN .
DisplayBoard .
DISPLAY " " DISPLAY RowOne DISPLAY RowSeparator DISPLAY RowTwo DISPLAY RowSeparator DISPLAY RowThree DISPLAY " " .
CheckForWin. IF Cell(1 ) EQUAL Cell ( 2 ) AND Cell (2 ) EQUAL Cell(3 ) OR Cell (4 ) EQUAL Cell(5 ) AND Cell(5 ) EQUAL Cell(6 ) OR Cell ( 7 ) EQUAL Cell (8 ) AND Cell (8 ) EQUAL Cell(9 ) OR Cell (1 ) EQUAL Cell ( 4 ) AND Cell (4 ) EQUAL Cell (7 ) OR Cell ( 2 ) EQUAL Cell(5 ) AND Cell(5 ) EQUAL Cell (8 ) OR Cell(3 ) EQUAL Cell (6 ) AND Cell(6 ) EQUAL Cell(9 ) OR Cell (1 ) EQUAL Cell(5 ) AND Cell(5 ) EQUAL Cell(9 ) OR Cell(3 ) EQUAL Cell(5 ) AND Cell(5 ) EQUAL Cell(7 ) PERFORM DisplayBoard DISPLAY CurrentPlayer " Wins ! " SET GameOver TO 'T ' END - IF .
CheckForDraw .
IF CurrentBoard ALPHABETIC AND GameOver NOT EQUAL 'T ' PERFORM DisplayBoard DISPLAY
" It 's a Draw ! " SET GameOver TO ' T ' END - IF .
SwitchPlayer .
IF CurrentPlayer EQUAL " X " THEN SET CurrentPlayer TO " O " ELSE SET CurrentPlayer TO " X " END -IF .
IDENTIFICATION DIVISION .
PROGRAM -ID . FormatCell DATA DIVISION .
LINKAGE SECTION . 01 CellValue PIC X. 01 CellRepresentation .
02 LeftPad PIC X. 02 ContentSpace PIC X. 02 RightPad PIC X. 02 FILLER PIC X. PROCEDURE DIVISION USING CellValue , CellRepresentation .
Begin. MOVE CellValue to ContentSpace IF CellValue NUMERIC MOVE " ( " TO LeftPad MOVE " ) " TO RightPad ELSE MOVE " " TO LeftPad MOVE " " TO RightPad END -IF .
EXIT PROGRAM .
END PROGRAM FormatCell .
END PROGRAM TicTacToe .
Some might say that Toyota 's current crisis is a result of enormously bad luck , and they might be partly right .
Yet Toyota 's problems also appear to have been the result of a series of tiny flops , over and over , ranging from quality control to public relations disasters .
For example , it should n't have taken until today for its CEO to address its safety matters in public
99 % of your hard work is meaningless when 1 % of the time you 're a complete joke .
We 've put together a quick guide to the amazingly unfortunate serious of events that put Toyota into its current situation .
Spitball World Championship in England
Well , those naughty boys ( and girls ) have now grown up and take part in the Spitball World Championship … and to them it seems to be a very serious sport …
If you did n’t get chance to take part in the championship why not visit the Witcham website , where you ’ll see that the village of Witcham near Ely pay hosts to this annual event .
And if you ’re thinking of taking up this sport … perhaps ready for the London Olympics in 2012 … than forget using the novice equipment of a straw or empty biro … and get hold of some serious pea shooting equipment …
The tours of Tuscany are among the most sought after destinations in the world .
The popularity of region was helped by the best - selling novel “ Under the Tuscan Sun . ”
Now everyone wants to experience renewal and rebirth that comes from this beautiful part of the world .
There are as many ways to tour this region of Italy as there are people to experience them .
There is truly something for everyone “ under the Tuscan sun ” .
A sample itinerary includes a hotel in the historic center of Florence where you can walk to see the art of the Renaissance .
You can visit Chianti and sample the wine of the same name , sold around the world .
Siena is a must - see locale with its stunning gothic cathedral .
Large tour groups are common all around Italy and are identified by their familiar colored umbrella held high so that no one straggles from the group .
However , there are many smaller , more personal tour companies that specialize in intimate groups .
These companies can gain access to more authentic local hot spots like cafes and restaurants where a large group could not be accommodated .
Like the large tour companies , smaller firms can take you anywhere you want to go and they ’ll provide a custom presentation along the way such as slide shows preceding new locations .
A one - week tour like this costs approximately $ 3,400 .
for the land costs of hotel , most meals , and entrance fees to museums , galleries , and monuments .
There are times when travelers wish to remain in the country to make other plans after the structured tour is completed and most tour companies will help you with transportation to your next destination .
Whatever method you chose , a large tour company or a small one , make sure you bring your camera for tours of Tuscany because the sights are too lovely to pass by .
POLICE say they have no power to cancel the impounding of a Lamborghini , even though its owner was not behind the wheel when officers intercepted it .
A 53 - year - old mechanic was charged yesterday after allegedly taking a client 's Lamborghini for a spin at more than 160 km /h .
Police will allege that they detected the $ 200,000 high performance car speeding along Reid Highway , near Wanneroo Rd , in Balcatta .
The 2006 yellow Lamborghini Gallardo has been impounded for 28 days under anti-hooning legislation .
The mechanic , from Mt Lawley , has been charged with reckless driving and will appear in Perth Magistrates Court on February 2 .
Assistant Commissioner Wayne Gregson told PerthNow that the owner had applied to have the vehicle released because he was not the driver at the time .
But Mr Gregson said that under new laws , which came into effect on January 1 , police had no power to return to car to its owner .
He said the seizure could be cancelled only if a vehicle was stolen , it was a hire car , was not seized in accordance with the Act , or for reasons of extraordinary hardship , such as reliance on a vehicle for a medical emergency .
Earlier today , Police Minister Rob Johnson said it was the responsibility of the owner to ensure they knew and trusted who was driving their car .
``I have some sympathy for him but it's a situation that he has to take up with the garage owner , '' Mr Johnson said .
`` It 's not something that I 'm prepared to change the law for , simply because somebody who owns a Lamborghini does not have that car for 28 days . ''
The Lamborghini's owner , City Beach doctor Patrick Nugawela , hit out today at the rejection of his application to have it released .
Dr Nugawela likened the anti-hoon laws to WA 's mandatory sentencing provisions for attacks on police and public officers .
He said he had been persecuted for an alleged offence in which he played no part .
`` If that person ( the driver ) gets exonerated , I do n't have the benefit of that , '' Dr Nugawela told ABC radio .
``I have basically been subjected to mandatory sentencing without trial . ''
With AAP
Subscribe to our Email Newsletter
Datenklau : Jetzt wird gegen den Datendieb ermittelt
In der Affäre um gestohlene Bankdaten zählt Bundesrätin Eveline Widmer - Schlumpf auf die Justiz .
Die Bundesanwaltschaft leitete ein Ermittlungsverfahren zum Datendiebstahl ein .
Deutschland muss laut Widmer - Schlumpf bei der Strafverfolgung mithelfen .
« Wir werden Deutschland um Rechtshilfe ersuchen . »
Deutschland sei dazu durch ein Abkommen verpflichtet , sagte Widmer - Schlumpf im « Blick » .
Der Datendieb müsse sich aber auf deutschem Boden befinden , damit die Deutschen mithelfen müssten .
Ob dies der Fall ist , ist nicht sicher .
Den Kauf der geklauten Daten wickelten die deutschen Steuerbehörden im Ausland ab .
Bisher ist auch nichts über die Identität der Person bekannt , die Deutschland eine CD anbot mit Daten zu deutschen Steuersündern mit Geld auf Schweizer Bankkonten .
Nichts sagen will die Justizministerin dazu , ob die Schweiz von Deutschland die Herausgabe der Daten verlangt .
Dies liege aber auch im Interesse Deutschlands : « Damit wir in berechtigten Fällen Amtshilfe leisten (...) können , müssen wir ja wissen , was auf der CD ist . »
Holiday snapshots can often look cheesier than a bedazzled elf sweater .
Which is why , this year , we ’re advocating camera - toss photography .
The art of spinning your sharpshooter to capture a trail of light is n’t just fun :
It ’s also the ultimate way to take advantage of all those sparkling Xmas lights and menorahs we only break out once a year .
We recently posted a How - To , based on tips from Ryan Gallagher , founder of the Camera Toss Blog .
( Tip # 1 : Be careful !.
Tip # 2 : Do n’t come crying to us if you happen to break your camera ! ) .
We also asked you , the reader , to post your own pics to Wired.com or upload images to Flickr with the tag “ wiredcameratoss . ”
After combing through more than 200 submissions — yes ! — our photo editor handpicked the best and brightest of the bunch .
Enjoy these desktop - worthy pics commemorating this holiday season .
— Steven Leckart
Photo : gradualdazzle
Photo : dwolfgra
Photo : benjamincripps
Photo : dando2006
Photo : norawr2995
Photo : Chris Piazza
Photo : Stacy Blackman
Photo : Tyler Ozment
Photo : Stuart H. Marshall
Photo : muellj16
Photo : wcupmartin6
Photo : SpiffyShiznickle
Photo : Right Brain
Eintracht Frankfurt have sealed a deal to sign US international Ricardo Clark .
American agrees Frankfurt deal
Eintracht Frankfurt have sealed a deal to sign US international Ricardo Clark .
The former Houston Dynamo midfielder had been attracting interest from the Premier League , but he has now agreed terms with the German outfit .
Clark will stay with Frankfurt until the end of the season , with a view to a long - term deal .
" Clark has not played since November so we wo n't be using him to begin with , " boss Michael Skibbe told .
" He will take up to three weeks to get fully fit . "
Frankfurt have brought Clark in to cover for Bosnia international midfielder Zlatan Bajramovic - who has suffered a tendon injury and will be sidelined for a number of months .
Meanwhile , the club have confirmed that Habib Bellaid will spend the rest of the season on - loan at French Ligue 1 side Boulogne .
He spent the first - half of the campaign at his previous club Strasbourg .
Most of the world ’s homos have their very own special coming out story or at least a “ how I avoided coming out ” story .
The diversity of these stories , as well as the common threads which unite them , are one of the most fascinating aspects of the gay community .
I Want the World to Know is inviting everyone — yes , that means YOU ! — to share your own coming out story as part of the project ’s effort to humanize the gay rights movement and diminish homophobia .
Becca Katz recognizes that visibility matters and that everyone has a story worth telling and uses her film background and passion for activism to give everyone a voice .
Notable entertainers including Jill Bennett , Cathy DeBuono , Cat Davis , Jason Stuart and Bridget McManus have all participated in the project .
A new feature of the site invites parents of gay daughters and sons to submit their own video describing their own process with coming to terms with their child ’s sexuality .
Read below for details on how to submit your own video .
I sat down with filmmaker & activist and founder of IWTWTK , Rebecca S. Katz , to talk more about her project .
Becca is a 2007 Tufts graduate ( English / Film Studies ) and currently lives in New York City , where she works for Shine Global , a non-profit film production company dedicated to ending the abuse and exploitation of children worldwide through documentary film .
Jess :
What was the inspiration for I Want the World to Know ?
Becca :
The inspiration was originally Proposition 8 in November 2008 .
I was feeling really moved to do something and since I work in the film industry I wanted to use my skills and passion for something in the gay community .
I first started interviewing people about Prop 8 … I did n’t really know what I was going to do .
I thought maybe a documentary , maybe talk to people who are trying to get married but can ’t …
And then I thought , what ’s the point of this documentary ?
It kind of became a different project when I realized that it ’s really the young people that need help , and the reason that people do n’t believe in gay marriage is because they ’re afraid of homosexuals and it stems from homophobia .
I thought to myself – that ’s the bigger issue here … it ’s homophobia , not gay marriage .
“ Listening to just one person can be more effective than a rally of hundreds of people . ”
The final push for this project happened in April 2009 , when I heard about two young boys who had committed suicide , one in Atlanta and one in Western Massachusetts .
Both were eleven years old and they were being taunted at school for being gay .
Regardless of what their sexualities actually were , they both decided that instead of dealing with these problems , the best solution would be to kill themselves .
I just thought to myself ; this is where the story is .
This is where people need help .
So I started talking to my friends about their coming out stories , ’ cause I know through my day job how stories can reach & inspire people .
Listening to just one person can be more effective than seeing a rally of hundreds of people .
Just hearing one story where you realize that person is just like you , and that we ’ve all come to terms with who we are — that ’s how you reach people .
Jess :
What do you hope to achieve with the project ?
Becca : I just hope to get as many people to share their stories on the site as possible .
Obviously , the end goal is to eradicate homophobia , but really it ’s to touch people and to make people realize that gay people are just people and each of us has our own story .
In terms of this project and having it grow , I ’d love to get people from all walks of life to share their stories .
I would love to get more minorities on the site because I want to make sure everybody has someone that they can relate to .
I want to get transgender people , bisexuals , people who identify as queer … the full spectrum of the gay community .
Jess :
Have you noticed any common threads throughout all the coming out stories ?
Or , anything you ’ve heard repeated over and over again ?
Becca :
Well , almost everybody I ask to share their story says that their story is boring or not interesting , or notable .
That ’s the common thread I hear – people do n’t think that their stories are worth telling !
But I ’ve found that everybody ’s story is incredible .
Also everyone who has come out will say that they feel incredible happiness & like full human now that they ’re not hiding anything .
That speaks volumes for people who are just thinking about coming out ; the potential of your lives will skyrocket .
Jess :
Have you noticed any differences in the coming out stories from gay men vs. women ?
Becca :
No , actually , there has n’t been a difference between men and women .
I think it ’s interesting because the real difference in the coming out stories is generational .
Younger people have similar stories and those of the older generation have similar stories .
I interviewed this couple , Stanley and Oliver , and they came out in the ‘ 60s - ‘70s , so Stonewall was a huge influence on them .
The political atmosphere for them was so tangible and prevalent .
Also I ’ve noticed all of the people I ’ve interviewed from that generation are wanting to pass on that political energy and passion to our generation .
Jess :
Do you think it ’s important for young people to define their sexuality ?
Becca :
Hmm , I kind of go back and forth with this .
When I first came out I did not want to label myself because I think it ’s hard to say “ I ’m a lesbian ” or “ I ’m gay ” at first .
So , you can say , “ I like everybody . ”
But , having done this project and having met so many wonderful people of different opinions , I actually do think it ’s important for us to label ourselves .
I ’m going to echo what Jill Bennett said in her story , that , if we do n’t label ourselves then nobody is going to see us and I think it ’s really it ’s important to label ourselves as something , other than straight .
I also do n’t think it ’s fair to put your own prejudices against other segments of the LGBT community , like how a lot of lesbians feel about bisexuals .
Jess : Right , we talked about that in our interview with Nicol Paone ( Big Gay Sketch Show ) .
She recently came out as bisexual and was referencing some judgment she ’s seen firsthand within the gay community towards bisexuality .
I think lesbians sometimes choose to ignore the visibility and awareness that bisexual people bring to the community as well .
Becca :
Yes , we need to be known , we need to say “ yes , I am a bisexual ” or “ I ’m a lesbian ” or “ I ’m transgendered ” so that people will say “ Oh , I know Bobby and he ’s gay and totally cool . ”
Jess :
And obviously you need a label in order to make that connection and normalize it for all gay people .
What has been surprising about the coming out stories you ’ve heard ?
Becca :
What ’s been most surprising is the amount of support I ’ve gotten .
I cannot even tell you how moving it is to me to see and hear all of this feedback .
I ’ve gone to LA a few times to do some interviews and I ’m in my rental car with tears down my face because I can’t believe that people want to talk to me and I can’t believe that people are so willing to share their stories .
I first went to LA in August with one scheduled interview with Bridget McManus and I wound up coming home with 10 interviews through friends and sheer luck !
And , people that have given me money , like my family and friends to help me buy my equipment …
I did n’t think it would ever be what it has become .
“ That ’s the common thread I hear – people do n’t think that their stories are worth telling . ”
Jess :
Do you have any plans to expand the site beyond a collection of videos ?
Becca :
Yes , actually .
I ’m thinking about cutting together a short piece composed of snippets from different stories for some film festivals .
There ’s the NewFest film festival in New York …
The genre is a little weird because it ’s documentary but there ’s no real narrative , it ’s just a bunch of interviews , there ’s no b-roll or anything .
So , for now I want to keep the site going and have it be a place where people can find resources .
I have a page where people can find all different books and film .
I have a page from the National Equality March in D.C. that I went to and took a video , a page where people can submit their own stories .
I ’d love for it to become more interactive where people are submitting their own stories .
One girl , Emma from the UK submitted her story and that was amazing .
So yea , maybe a film or a longer piece where I can incorporate all the different stories together .
Jess : I also thought the site would be helpful for straight friends and family to humanize gay lives to a real intimate level , so it does n’t seem like this ethereal thing that they ca n’t get a grasp on .
Becca : Absolutely , that ’s why I recently added a For Parents reading section .
I really hope that this website can push people to become allies so they can see it ’s individual stories , not a collective voice shouting “ Equality Now ! Equality Now ! ”
Yes , we want equality but sometimes we have to start at a very small level .
Jess : Finally , taking from your own list of interview questions , what advice would you give to people either coming out OR to those living in “ the glass closet ? ”
Becca : I think you have to live honestly but you also have to be respectful of your family .
You know , coming out to your mom who is homophobic and saying “ Mom , I ’m gay and I do n’t care what you think about it !
I ’m just gonna live my life ! ”
Well , that ’s great for you but you ’re not being very respectful of your mom .
I think you have to talk to your mom with love and say , “ I understand how you feel but this is me ” and try not to fly off the handle .
Just like it took you a long time to realize that you are gay , probably years , you ca n’t expect your mom or dad to instantly be okay with it because it ’s a process .
For those living in the glass closet , if you ’re dating somebody , bring your girlfriend or boyfriend home because that ’s forcing yourself out of the glass closet .
And , if you ’re not dating somebody , just refuse to be ignored and refuse to let people not include you in conversation or in anything because of your sexuality .
Regardless of how you come out , you really have to do it with love because that ’s what you want in return , right ?
You want your family and friends to still love you , so give them love too and say , “ I ’m being honest with you because I want you to know me . ”
How to Share Your Story
Here are the guidelines for submitting your story to the I Want the World to Know Initiative :
- Video no longer than 10 minutes
- Video files must be .mov / compatible with Quicktime Player
– Send video file to iwanttheworldtoknow@gmail.com via YouSendIt or MegaUpload .
Guiding Questions
When did you first realize you were gay ?
When did you come out to your family / friends and what were their reactions ?
How do you define your sexuality , if you choose to ?
What advice do you have for people who are thinking about or in the process of coming out ?
What do you love about being gay ?
For Parents
When did you first realize your child might be gay ?
What was your initial reaction to your son or daughter ’s coming out ?
How has your son or daughter ’s sexuality affected your life ?
Any advice for other parents of LGBT children ?
For more information visit iwanttheworldtoknow.org | Become a fan on Facebook
28 Pages Posted : 8 Dec 2009
Date Written : September 22 , 2009
Abstract
This paper explores the implementation of the prevention pillar of the Responsibility to Protect ( R2P ) doctrine , and assesses its relevance to protection of refugees and internally displaced persons ( IDPs ) .
I argue that a political analysis of the recent R2P debates show that the doctrine is at a juncture , and there are costs and benefits to the overall goal of refugee and IDP protection by aligning with the R2P campaign .
Refugee and IDP advocates tend to contemplate the R2P doctrine with the overlay of a humanitarian or human rights lens .
This paper challenges the proposition that stronger international acceptance of the R2P doctrine leads inevitably to stronger refugee and IDP protection .
I enumerate the logical and conceptual connections between the goals of R2P and refugee and IDP protection , and they are substantial .
The very fact of the political organs of the UN engaging meaningfully and more often with protection debates should be beneficial .
However , there are certain signs that these latest 2009 developments bode ill for refugee and IDP protection , and not because of the more usual charge of political selectivity of R2P , but because of more subtle flaws .
The prevention pillar of the R2P doctrine has been reinterpreted with a very narrow operational definition .
Refugees are often perceived by the Security Council as a threat to international peace and security , destabilising influences , especially since 2001 , and at best as the ‘ passive recipients ’ of protection .
Nevertheless , the reference to refugees as the subject of protection does now appear in the Secretary - General ’s 2009 report , partly due to UNHCR advocacy , but not IDPs .
If R2P is to become an ally of refugee and IDP advocacy , there is serious conceptual work to be done to ensure the human rights foundations of the doctrine shine though , and to encourage voices from the Global South .
WASHINGTON  The Pentagon is stepping up internal discussions on how gay men and lesbians might be able to serve openly in the armed services , military officials said on Thursday , in anticipation of fulfilling President Obama ’s campaign pledge to repeal the “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” law .
The discussions , centered in a small group assembled by Adm .
Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , are in preparation for a possible Senate hearing on the 1993 law this month .
In the year since Mr. Obama ’s inauguration , the Pentagon has moved slowly on the issue and even now internal dissent remains over how fast any change should be instituted .
At a meeting last week of Admiral Mullen and the chiefs of the Army , Navy , Air Force and Marines , the officers debated the timing of any repeal and how much stress it would place on the forces .
A one - page memorandum drafted by staff members as a discussion point for the meeting said that the chiefs could adopt the view that “ now is not the time ” because of the continuing wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and that the military would be better off delaying the start of the repeal process until 2011 .
Washington ( CNN ) --
In what one member of Congress called " a charade , " a couple that showed up at President Obama 's first state dinner -- uninvited , the White House claims -- declined to answer questions surrounding the event before a House committee Wednesday .
Under questioning from House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Rep. Bennie Thompson , D - Mississippi , and others , Tareq Salahi repeated over and over again , " On the advice of counsel , I respectfully assert my right to remain silent and decline to answer your question . "
The Salahis ' attorney notified the committee in December that because of a pending investigation by federal prosecutors , they would not answer questions about how they gained entry to the White House on November 24 , despite not being on the guest list to attend that night 's state dinner for the prime minister of India .
In a brief statement that opened the often - contentious hearing , Salahi chastised the committee for requiring the couple to appear despite having been told the two would invoke their Fifth Amendment right against self - incrimination if subpoenaed .
That , he alleged , is against the ethical rules of the Washington bar .
He incensed some committee members by reiterating the couple 's respect for U.S. troops , the Secret Service and the president .
" You have shown effrontery here , " said Daniel Lungren , R- California .
He called it " an abomination " that the Salahis would invoke the name of those in uniform " and suggest that somehow what you do provides support to them . "
" The Constitution protects fools , " Lungren said .
" The Constitution protects stupidity .
The Constitution protects errant thought .
Thank God it does . "
" This was not a hearing looking for information , " the couple 's attorney , Stephen Best , told reporters after the hearing .
" This was an opportunity for a public flogging . "
" I think today 's procedure is a charade , " Rep. Mark Souder , R - Indiana , said in the hearing , referring to the Salahis ' refusal to answer questions .
Other committee members also lambasted the couple , alleging they put their own desire for celebrity before the security of the president and are wasting the committee 's time and taxpayers ' money .
" I do n't respect your right to take the Fifth Amendment .
Not at all , " Rep. Bill Pascrell Jr. , D - New Jersey , told the couple .
" Were you there ? " he asked Salahi , referring to the dinner .
When Salahi began , " On the advice ... "
Pascrell interrupted him , asking , " Are you here right now ?
You gonna get an answer from your attorney on that ? "
Pascrell noted the committee had offered to allow the couple to speak behind closed doors .
After conferring with his attorney , Salahi said , " Yes , but you did n't offer us any legal protection . "
Salahi's wife , Michaele , also invoked her Fifth Amendment right under questioning by committee members , but replied , " yes , " when asked if she would return to testify after the investigation has concluded .
Asked by Thompson whether the state dinner appearance was part of a " reality TV stunt , " Tareq Salahi said the couple was under a non-disclosure agreement and " should not discuss matters related to the television matter . "
The Salahis contend they were told they could attend the program to honor India 's prime minister , but the White House says they were not invited and were not on the guest list for the exclusive affair .
Best said after the hearing the couple received " representations that they relied upon " that they were invited guests .
Two Secret Service investigators were privy to this information from a person who knows the Salahis , he said .
" This was not a stunt , and they committed no criminal act . "
There was no connection to any reality TV show , he said , and the Salahis were not seeking publicity .
The couple has turned down multiple offers from the media to be " rewarded handsomely , " he added .
" Whatever the real story is , it 's on the other side of the gates of the White House , not with the Salahis , " Best said .
" They thought they were invited .
...
If it was a misunderstanding , it was a misunderstanding caused by representatives of the government . "
Tareq Salahi also noted in his opening statement that the couple 's attorneys have offered to provide information to the committee , but that offer was declined by Thompson 's staff .
" Those offers are not satisfactory , " Thompson said .
" These lawyers were not at the state dinner and have no firsthand knowledge of the facts . "
Tareq Salahi also said the couple has provided phone records , e-mails and other documentary evidence to the committee .
There also was criticism of the White House in Wednesday 's hearing .
Rep. Peter King , R - New York , said the White House " continues to stonewall " and will not allow social secretary Desiree Rogers to testify on the security breach .
Obama press secretary Robert Gibbs has said that allowing a White House staff member to testify before a congressional committee would violate the Constitution 's separation of powers .
" I do n't know what the White House is trying to hide , " King said .
" Obviously , something went wrong , and it originated with the White House , not the Secret Service . "
Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan , in previous testimony before the committee , took responsibility for the security breach , acknowledging that " appropriate procedures were not followed . "
Rep. Charles Dent , R - Pennsylvania , said Wednesday he thought it was " unfortunate " that Sullivan " had to take all that grief from us . "
" I hold you responsible for it , " he told the Salahis .
" Your actions ... made a mockery of this country , a mockery of our security , " Rep. Sheila Jackson - Lee , D - Texas , told the couple .
" I 'm saddened , and I 'm disappointed , and I 'm outraged . "
Best reiterated afterward the Salahis do not want the events surrounding the dinner to detract from the " extraordinary institution " of the Secret Service .
" They are Americans , " he said .
" They are proud Americans . "
Update : America needs ‘ divine intervention ’
Update : Terrorists do n’t deserve rights
Former governor Sarah Palin made “ a call to action ” to thousands of tea partiers during the group ’s first convention in Nashville on Saturday night .
As the keynote speaker , Palin called the Tea Party movement “ the best of America ” and “ the future of politics . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Opponents of this message , they are seeking to marginalize the movement .
They want to paint us as ideologically extreme , ” Palin said .
“ But unlike the elitists who do n’t want to hear this message … I ’ve travelled across this great country and I ’ve talked to the patriotic men and women who make up the Tea Party movement and they ’re good and kind and selfless and they are deeply concerned about our country … the best of America can be found in places where patriots are brave enough and free enough to be able to stand up and speak up and where small businesses grow our economy one job at a time . ”
Palin also wasted no time in attacking President Obama , referring to him as “ that charismatic guy with a teleprompter . ”
The Obama administration ’s handling of the attempted bombing of an airliner on Christmas Day was evidence that it cannot handle the war on terrorism , Palin said .
She went on to say that treating the bomber , Umar Abdulmutallab , as a criminal defendant and not an enemy combatant was a mistake .
Questioning the suspect for 50 minutes and then reading him his Miranda rights is not the way to treat an alleged terrorist , she said .
Palin said President Obama does n’t understand that terrorists do n’t deserve the constitutional rights that U.S. soldiers are willing to die for .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We need a commander - in - chief , not a professor of law standing at the lectern , ” Palin said .
Republican Scott Brown ’s win of a Massachusetts Senate signals political change that will affect 2010 elections and help the tea-party movement , Palin said , adding that the movement is the “ best of America . ”
“ Scott Brown represents what this beautiful movement is all about , ” Palin said .
“ America is ready for another revolution . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
President Obama tried to place all the blame for the loss of the crucial 60th Democratic Senate seat on President Bush , she said .
“ He calls himself a ‘ leader ’ as though we are all just a bunch of sheep and we ’re looking for a ‘ leader ’ , ” Palin said .
ADVERTISEMENT
During a question - and - answer session after her speech , Palin was asked what could be done to address the country ’s biggest problems .
“ It would be wise of us to seek some divine intervention in this country , ” she replied .
Near the end of her time on stage , the moderator said , “ I can think of two words right now that scare liberals : President Palin , ” causing the crowd to chant “ Run , Sarah , run . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Palin said she would assist other candidates in 2012 , but did not whether she will make a bid for the presidency herself .
She was reportedly paid $ 100,000 for the address .
globalization
all the world should know about the globalization
# 12431 +( 9221 ) - [ X ]
< Hiroe > he was dressed as a big fuckin devil
< Hiroe > like , HUGE costume
< Hiroe > 8 - foot lizard wings , giant horns on the head
< Hiroe > at some anime con in california
< Hiroe > they were double booked with a southern Baptist group in the same hotel
< Hiroe > he 's riding the elevator down to the con space
< Hiroe > doors open , little old baptist woman standing there
< Hiroe > he just says " Going Down " in his best evil voice
Whether you ’re online or offline , marketing today is an innovator ’s game .
The businesses that take risks and push boundaries are the ones that will succeed in building their brand and getting their message heard .
Creative marketers need to partner with experienced legal counsel to help guide them on avoiding legal pitfalls and other potential repercussions that may occur due to marketing laws .
At Olshan , we ’re committed to being a cutting - edge partner to today ’s emerging brands and marketers .
From advising on legal compliance in using social media marketing to conventional advertising methods , we ’ll work with you to help ensure your interests are protected .
Contact our offices in New York today for more information about how our lawyers can help you with your marketing law questions .
Our Practice
The Advertising , Marketing & Promotions practice group provides constructive and effective legal advice in the ever - evolving advertising and promotional marketing arena .
Whether utilizing the latest in new digital technology to conduct a sweepstakes or delivering their message through traditional or social media channels , the advertising and promotional marketing clients of Olshan rely on the group for innovative and proactive legal advice that allows them to market effectively .
The Advertising , Marketing & Promotions practice group offers sophisticated , experienced advice .
The group regularly represents clients in regulatory inquiries and defends litigation brought by federal , state and local regulatory bodies .
The group has a significant competitor advertising dispute practice .
Many law firms are quick to say " no " to great advertising ideas .
Not us .
At Olshan , our marketing attorneys take pride in finding creative solutions to legal challenges .
Our Team
Olshan ’s advertising marketing and promotions practice group has been regularly recognized by leading peer and client reviewed authorities such as Chambers USA , Legal 500 United States and as a " Best Law Firm " by U.S. News - Best Lawyers .
The group is chaired by Andrew B. Lustigman , a respected authority on advertising law .
He has been consistently recognized by Chambers USA , Legal 500 United States as a “ Leading Lawyer ” in Advertising and Marketing : Transactional , selected by his peers for inclusion in The Best Lawyers in America for his distinguished work in Advertising , as well as Super Lawyers -- a Thomson Reuters lawyer rating service .
With over 20 years experience in advertising law , Andrew regularly appears on television , radio , and in publications such as the National Law Journal , Inside Counsel , Bloomberg BNA , Law360 , Mobile Marketer , Luxury Daily , and Response discussing important new cases and trends that advertisers and marketers need to know .
He also has contributed to the Brand Activation Association / Promotion Marketing Association 's Promotion Marketing Law treatise and various American Bar Association publications .
He frequently speaks on advertising and promotional marketing law topics throughout the country .
Other marketing attorneys on the team include Tamara Carmichael , who has been recognized in the Legal 500 United States in Advertising and Marketing : Transactional as a “ Recommended Lawyer ” and named to the New York Super Lawyers list since 2012 .
Scott Shaffer , who has been recognized in the Legal 500 United States and is prominently involved in litigation and sports and entertainment law , and Sheldon Lustigman , who has been AV - rated ( “ Preeminent ” ) by Martindale - Hubbell for over 30 years and consistently named to the New York Super Lawyers list since 2009 .
Our collective resources allow us to offer dedicated service to each of our clients .
Whatever your specific needs are , we ’ll listen to your concerns and help you develop an innovative solution that will protect your interests , both now and in the future .
A National Reputation
Our marketing attorneys represent some of the leading advertising , ecommerce , and technology businesses in connection with their marketing endeavors .
The practice group ’s attorneys are active members of key trade associations and regularly write and speak on advertising and promotional marketing law topics .
The group 's attorneys are nationally recognized by client and peer - reviewed rating groups such as Chambers USA , Legal 500 United States , The Best Lawyers in America , Martindale Hubbell , and Super Lawyers for their abilities and effectiveness in the advertising and promotional marketing law practice areas .
Notably , Chambers USA , a leading legal directory that publishes annual rankings based on interviews with thousands of clients and peers , has repeatedly recognized two of our attorneys for their abilities and effectiveness in advertising and promotional marketing law .
According to Chambers , Andrew Lustigman is acclaimed by peers for his skill as an NAD practitioner and for his traditional advertising expertise , with Chambers noting , “ He offers significant expertise in promotions and marketing issues , among other matters . ”
Chambers USA : America 's Leading Lawyers for Business , a prestigious annual ranking of law firms and attorneys , has acknowledged Olshan as a leading law firm in Advertising : Transactional & Regulatory Nationwide .
The Legal 500 , a London - based directory of leading and recommended lawyers , listed Olshan for Media , Technology & Telecom work .
The publication affirmed that Olshan ’s Advertising practice “ is known particularly for its capabilities handling sweepstakes and contests , advertising clearance , and advising on direct marketing law and in regulatory investigations . ”
Additionally , Olshan ’s Advertising practice was cited for “ specializing in sweepstakes , advertising clearances , regulatory investigations , direct marketing law , NAD matters and mobile marketing ” and that “ Litigation is also key for the team . ”
A Broad Client Base
Our clients include many of the country 's most creative advertising , promotion , social media and direct / interactive marketing agencies , industry suppliers , as well as marketers of a broad array of products and services .
Clients range from large publicly - traded companies to entrepreneurial start - ups to other law firms who do not service clients in these areas .
Diverse Practice Areas
Our goal at Olshan is to enhance our clients ' advertising and promotional marketing efforts while minimizing the risk of competitor challenges and regulatory investigations relating to allegations of unsubstantiated or deceptive advertising .
Should a problem arise , we are experienced and effective legal advocates who will fight to protect your interests .
We serve clients in virtually every aspect of advertising , marketing and promotions law , including :
Promotions Law
Conducting a sweepstakes or other promotion is one of the most reliable methods of generating interest in your brand , lead generation , and acquiring social media followers .
It is also a great way to build existing customer loyalty and cement relationships with partners .
However , many businesses that are unaware of the legalities in conducting a promotion can inadvertently open themselves up to expensive liability issues .
Promotions law is a vast field that covers several contingencies — it requires a skilled legal practitioner to navigate .
While it is tempting to think that protecting your interests is as simple as posting a disclaimer along with your contest rules , the reality is that each promotion is different and each requires independent review from an experienced legal counsel .
This is not to say that holding a contest or promotion is more trouble than it is worth — in most cases , the benefits far outweigh the risks .
However , hiring a promotions law attorney can help you identify potential issues and help ensure you ’re not breaking any anti-gambling laws or other New York State legislation .
Olshan provides experienced legal counsel to clients of all sizes .
Whether your promotion is international , national or limited to a small geographic area , we ’ll work with you to help protect your interests at all times .
Focus on Providing Creative Legal Solutions
The Advertising , Marketing & Promotions practice group prides itself on finding creative solutions to clients ' legal challenges .
While too many attorneys are quick to say no to great advertising ideas , the group 's philosophy is " Let 's see how we can do this , together . "
Indeed , Chambers USA reported that Andrew Lustigman was cited by clients as " pragmatic and always looking for solutions that meet a specific client 's needs . "
Contact Us Today : 212-451-2300
Related Website
www.sweepstakeslaw.com
PORT -AU - PRINCE , Haiti 
Two days after a group of 10 Americans were taken into custody in Haiti last month , a man who has emerged as a suspect in a sex trafficking ring and who has an array of other legal charges against him called up the Idaho church where 5 of them attend , portraying himself as an attorney who could help free the group at no cost , interviews show .
After failing to contact any of the approved lawyers provided by the United States Embassy in Port - au - Prince , two relatives of the detained Americans returned the call from the man , Jorge Puello , which came in during Sunday services on Jan. 31 , and agreed for him to help on a pro-bono basis , said Terry Michaelson , an attorney for the church , the Central Valley Baptist Church .
It was only later that relatives learned that Mr. Puello  who spoke to the media on behalf of the jailed Americans , fired a Haitian attorney who was representing them and visited the Haitian judge handling the case  lacked a law license and is being sought by law enforcement agencies in El Salvador and the United States , Mr. Michaelson said .
Mr. Puello has dropped out of sight since questions were raised about his background .
His cousin , Alejandro Puello , said Saturday he was missing , and calls to Mr. Puello ’s cellphone were not answered .
A Web site that described Mr. Puello and his cousin as law partners , which Alejandro Puello said was false , was taken down on Friday .
1951 : Doctors in Chicago complete the longest operation in history – a four - day marathon – to remove an enormous 300 - pound ovarian cyst from a 58 - year - old patient .
The patient , Gertrude Levandowski , was a resident of Burnips , Michigan .
After her husband died in the early 1940s , she began to gain weight because of an undiagnosed ovarian cyst .
Ten years after his death , the growth had caused her to balloon to over 600 pounds and develop heart problems .
Local doctors were flummoxed :
The tumor needed to be removed , but because of Levandowski 's cardiac issues , the procedure would almost certainly lead to her death .
In stepped Dr. M.S. Roberts .
He proposed a profoundly different method of removing the cyst : Instead of merely hacking it out , he proposed gradually draining fluid from the cyst – like slowly deflating a balloon – then removing the desiccated tumor once it no longer presented a threat to Levandowski's strained ticker .
Roberts started draining the cyst Feb .
1 . Progress was extremely slow - going :
The tumor 's fluid was extracted to the tune of 120 drops per minute .
Roughly 200 pounds of fluid had been removed after four days , leaving a smaller , more manageable tumor that no longer posed a risk to Levandowski's heart .
A contemporary Time magazine piece described the shrunken cyst as being about the size of a " bushel basket , " or 8 gallons .
The stocky , cheerful Levandowski quickly recovered form her ordeal .
When she arrived at the hospital , she weighed around 620 pounds .
After the operation she was a lithe 308 pounds .
Four months later , she underwent another operation that removed 50 pounds of excess skin .
That dropped her weight below 300 pounds for the first time in decades .
Take that , Weight Watchers !
Source : Various
Image :
An ovarian cyst of typical size looks like this .
Courtesy National Library of Medecine
NEW YORK — I see that Gore Vidal , in an interview with the British daily The Independent , has been predicting America ’s demise with scurrilous relish , awaiting the day when it takes its place “ somewhere between Brazil and Argentina , where it belongs ” and China reigns supreme .
The United States , he suggests , can then bow from the stage , war - drained , broken by “ madhouse ” politics , to become “ the Yellow Man ’s burden . ”
I think Vidal ’s lost it , as the irrepressible Christopher Hitchens points out in a recent Vanity Fair piece entitled “ Vidal Loco , ” but I have to say the words of the grand old man of letters echoed in my head during a recent visit to China , especially as I watched footage of the coffins of eight Chinese peacekeepers killed in Haiti being returned to Beijing .
This was a big event in China to which national television devoted many hours .
The flag - draped coffins of the Chinese United Nations personnel , greeted at Beijing airport by sobbing family members and solemn Politburo members , put me in mind of numberless flag - draped American coffins returning to Dover Air Force Base from far - flung wars .
J. D. Salinger has died .
From 1946 to 1965 , Salinger published thirteen stories in The New Yorker , including such classics as “ A Perfect Day for Bananafish ” and “ Raise High the Roof Beam , Carpenters . ”
There will be much more to come online and in next week ’s magazine , but for now , read Salinger ’s stories , available to subscribers through our digital edition :
“ Slight Rebellion Off Madison ” ( December 21 , 1946 )
“ A Perfect Day for Bananafish ” ( January 31 , 1948 )
“ Uncle Wiggly in Connecticut ” ( March 20 , 1948 )
“ Just Before the War with the Eskimos ” ( June 5 , 1948 )
“ The Laughing Man ” ( March 19 , 1949 )
“ For Esmé — With Love and Squalor ” ( April 8 , 1950 )
“ Pretty Mouth and Green My Eyes ” ( July 14 , 1951 )
“ Teddy ” ( January 31 , 1953 )
“ Franny ” ( January 29 , 1955 )
“ Raise High the Roof Beam , Carpenters ” ( November 19 , 1955 )
“ Zooey ” ( May 4 , 1957 )
“ Seymour : An Introduction ” ( June 6 , 1959 )
“ Hapworth 16 , 1924 ” ( June 19 , 1965 )
Please share your thoughts about Salinger in the comments below .
Countercurrents.org , February 6 , 2010
Three US Marines were killed and another two injured in a suicide attack in Dir , northern Pakistan on Wednesday .
The Americans , disguised in traditional Pakistani dress , were traveling with Pakistani military officers in a five - car convoy to attend the inauguration of a girl school , which had been renovated with the U.S. humanitarian assistance .
Four schoolgirls and a paramilitary soldier were also killed in the attack while more than 120 school girls were injured .
To many Pakistanis the most shocking aspect of the latest Taliban suicide bombing the question was :
What was a team of American soldiers doing in a volatile corner of North West Frontier province ?
According to Pakistan�s leading newspaper , The News , the three US soldiers were apparently in the area to train the paramilitary Frontier Corp personnel engaged in the military operations against the Taliban in the area .
The suicide bombing on Wednesday was the first against the US soldiers in Pakistan .
And it was the first time that so many American soldiers were killed and injured in Pakistan .
A US Embassy statement said they were the US military personnel in Pakistan to conduct training at the invitation of the Frontier Corps .
The News reported that the slain US soldiers were part of a 100 - member strong special American military training unit which was dispatched to Pakistan in 2008 to raise a 1,000 - member strong well - trained paramilitary commando unit which could conduct guerrilla operations against the Taliban militants active in the Pak - Afghan tribal belt .
The military training program was never officially announced by Pakistan to avoid a possible backlash by the masses which are opposed to the American military presence on the Pakistani territory .
Interestingly , the US - funded training course for the largely under-equipped and under - trained Frontier Corps included both classroom and field sessions .
The News said that besides dispatching American marines to train the Frontier Corps personnel , the Pentagon had also sent a special team of its Special Forces military advisers , communication experts , technical specialists and combat medics to help establish coordination centers on Pak - Afghan border so that the American and Pakistani officials could share intelligence about al - Qaeda and Taliban elements in and around the tribal areas .
In the beginning , the American military trainers confined themselves to training compounds due to security concerns in Pakistan .
However , they had now started accompanying Pakistani troops on special guerrilla operations against the Taliban , eventually leading to the Wednesday incident in Dir Lower which shares a border with Afghanistan and with the restive Swat district , where the Army had carried out a massive military operation last year .
Pakistani press reports indicated that the American soldiers were part of a $ 100 million Pentagon - funded training program which is meant to equip the Frontier Corps with new body armor , vehicles , and surveillance equipment , and plans to spend $ 75 million more during the next year .
As per the program , the Pentagon intended to spend around $ 400 million more in the next few years to train and equip the Frontier Corps .
This is in addition to a 7.5 billion dollars US assistance for the next five years announced last year under controversial the Kerry - Lugar Act .
But behind the scenes the US is engaged in other ways .
Over the past decade it has given over $ 12bn in cash directly to the �military to subsidize the costs of fighting the Taliban and al - Qaida .
Ominously , part of the money doled out to Pakistan�s mercenary army by the Pentagon is for what United States Special Operations Command ( USSOC ) calls Foreign Internal Defense ( FID ) a key pillar of Special Forces ' Unconventional Warfare doctrine .
El Salvador Option :
Unconventional or irregular warfare is conducted " by , with , or through surrogates . "
According to Unconventional Warfare doctrine : Irregulars , or irregular forces , are individuals or groups of individuals who are not members of a regular armed force , police , or other internal security force .
They are usually nonstate - sponsored and unconstrained by sovereign nation legalities and boundaries .
These forces may include , but are not limited to , specific paramilitary forces , contractors , individuals , businesses , foreign political organizations , resistance or insurgent organizations , expatriates , transnational terrorism adversaries , disillusioned transnational terrorism members , black marketers , and other social or political " undesirables . "
( Unconventional Warfare , Defense Department , September 2008 , p. 1 - 3 )
Significantly , as in El Salvador , Colombia and a score of other global " hot spots " tagged for resource extraction or geopolitical control by America 's corporatist masters , the USSOC manual calls for the direct training of paramilitary forces .
United States Special Operations Command ( USSOC ) touts the " success " of their " mission " in El Salvador as an applicable model for countering insurgencies in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
For 12 years , beginning in 1979 , the United States assisted the El Salvador military in becoming a more professional and effective fighting force against the Communist - backed Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front ( FMLN ) .
A U.S. military group assisted the El Salvadoran army by establishing a facility for basic and advanced military training .
SF advisors , primarily from the 7th Special Forces Group , served with El Salvadoran units to support small - unit training and logistics .
The advisors helped the El Salvadoran military become more professional and better organized , while advising in the conduct of pacification and counter guerrilla operations .
Advisors were also present at the brigade levels assisting in operations and intelligence activities .
From 1985 to 1992 , just over 140 SF officers and noncommissioned officers ( NCOs ) served as advisors to a 40 - battalion army .
From a poorly staffed and led force of 8,000 soldiers in 1980 , SF trainers created a hard - hitting ( counter insurgency force ) COIN force of 54,000 by 1986 .
U.S. forces supported U.S. interests by creating an effective COIN force that fought the guerrillas to a standstill and established the groundwork for a negotiated settlement by 1991 .
( Foreign Internal Defense ( FID ) document p A - 6 )
Translation : between 1980 - 1991 Special Operations Forces " assistance " to the brutal Salvadoran military produced 75,000 civilian deaths , by and large the result of Army massacres carried out in tandem with far - right narco - trafficking death squads who ruled the roost with an iron fist .
The " hard - hitting COIN force , " while shying away from battles with tough FMLN guerrillas , kidnapped and " disappeared " peasants , labor organizers , students , Catholic priests and nuns , or just plain folks caught in the wrong place at the wrong time , often subjecting them to hideous torture before lining the roads with their brutalized corpses .
Today , Pentagon planners and their cheerleaders in the corporate media are touting these tactics as a " fresh approach " to beat back the Taliban .
In Afghanistan and Pakistan today , to ensure that effective measures of " populace and resource control " ( PRC ) are brought to bear to stem the insurgent tide , FID theorists recommend widespread political repression and panoptic methods of surveilling the " target " population .
The authors ' aver : Rights on the legality of detention or imprisonment of personnel ( for example , habeas corpus ) may be temporarily suspended .
This measure must be taken as a last resort since it may provide the insurgents with an effective propaganda theme .
PRC measures can also include the following :
* Curfews or blackouts .
* Travel restrictions .
* Restricted residential areas , such as protected villages or resettlement areas .
* Registration and pass systems .
* Control of sensitive items ( resources control ) of critical supplies , such as weapons , food , and fuel .
* Checkpoints , searches , and roadblocks .
* Surveillance , censorship , and press control .
* Restriction of activity that applies to selected groups ( labor unions , political groups , and so on ) .
( FID , op .
cit. p. A - 12 )
We see implementation of these measures in the current Pakistan army military operations in South Waziristan as well as in Swat which is occupied by the army in the aftermath of last year�s military operation that displaced more than three million people , killed thousands of innocent people and destroyed neighborhoods and economic centers .
At least 400,000 people have been displaced in the current operation in South Waziristan while millions of so - called Internally Displaced Persons ( IDPs ) on return find their homes , shops and neighborhoods damaged by the indiscriminate air strikes and shelling by the army .
If the army atrocities in May - July 2009 operation against the militants in Swat are any indication then we may find extra-judicial killings and mass graves in South Waziristan as uncovered in Swat .
Returning residents of Swat displaced by the army operation often found unclaimed bodies dumped in agricultural fields , by the roadside or on the banks of Swat River .
The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan ( HRCP ) sent a fact - finding mission to Swat which documented accounts of not only extrajudicial killings but also the discovery of mass graves .
While the Swat displaced people are still clamoring for rehabilitation , the South Waziristan operation has created another humanitarian problem .
More than three months after the Pakistani military launched the US - financed offensive , humanitarian aid organizations are only now gaining access to the people who have fled the fighting in the region .
Not surprisingly , according to the Defense of Human Rights of Pakistan , between 8,000 to 10,000 people disappeared in Pakistan since General Parvez Musharraf government joined the US " global war on terror . "
Tehrik - e- Taliban Pakistan claims responsibility
A Tehrik -e - Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) spokesman Azam Tariq has claimed responsibility for Wednesday�s bombing , saying the dead Americans belonged to the Iraq - ill famed US mercenary army Blackwater - now known as Xe .
" We claim responsibility for the blast , " Tehrik - i- Taliban Pakistan spokesman Azam Tariq said in a call from an unspecified place .
" The Americans killed were members of the Blackwater group .
We know they are responsible for bomb blasts in Peshawar and other Pakistani cities , " he said .
Pakistan 's government could now face further anti-American feeling as the deaths disclosed the extent of the unpopular US military involvement .
Tensions over American Predator drone missile strikes against Taliban and al - Qaeda militants on Pakistani soil have already led to widespread anti-American protests .
In the most intense barrage yet an estimated eight drones fired at least 17 missiles at different compounds and vehicles in North Waziristan on Tuesday which killed at least 31 people .
The American soldiers were probably made targets as a result of the drone strikes , according to Syed Rifaat Hussain , professor of international relations at Islamabad University .
" The attack seems a payback for the mounting frequency of the drone attacks , " Professor Hussain said .
If the American soldiers were the targets , the attack raised the question of whether the Taliban had received intelligence or cooperation from within the Frontier Corps .
Pakistani analysts said Wednesday 's bombing underscored the strength of militant networks in the area despite the military presence and last year 's bloody offensive .
" The attack shows maybe they had some advance information that the convoy had some foreigners ... and that the militants ' intelligence is still active , and this is a matter of concern , " said retired intelligence officer Saad Khan .
" The situation in the area is still not normal and it is not going to be over soon . "
According to Khalid Aziz , a former chief secretary of the North - West Frontier Province , which includes Swat and Dir , it was odd that American soldiers would go to such a volatile area where Taliban militants were known to be prevalent even though the Pakistani army insisted that they had been flushed out .
The killing of the three US soldiers was a deep embarrassment to the US client Pakistani government of President Asaf Ali Zardari .
The Pakistani public has been increasingly upset about the alleged activities of the US military and Blackwater ( Xe ) in their country .
There is a general impression among Pakistanis that the wave of bombings besetting their country , blamed by the mainstream on the Taliban , is secretly carried out by American agents , in order to destabilize Pakistan and justify a US imperial presence .
A survey last August for international broadcaster al Jazeera by Gallup Pakistan found that 59 percent of Pakistanis felt the greatest threat to the country was the United States .
A separate survey in August by the Pew Research Center , recorded that 64 percent of the Pakistani public regards the U.S. " as an enemy " and only 9 percent believe it to be a partner .
Abdus Sattar Ghazali is the Executive Editor of the online magazine
American Muslim Perspective : www.amperspective.com
Email : asghazali@gmail.com
Mozilla is anything but a Microsoft advocate , being in fact a poster - child for the open source struggle against the Redmond behemoth .
But at the same time , Mozilla also seems ready to “ render unto Caesar the things which are Caesar ’s , ” and acknowledged the fact that Microsoft does a better job to Google when it comes down to protecting end user privacy .
Citing this superiority in search engine privacy policies for the Redmond company , Mozilla Director of Community Development Asa Dotzler , recommended on his personal blog , that users ditch the Mountain View - search giant from Firefox and replace it with Bing .
Dotzler took issue with a statement from Google Chief Executive Officer Eric Schmidt , available in the video embedded at the bottom of this article .
Ironically , Google and Firefox have had an intimate relationship for years now .
The Firefox open source browser ships with Google as the default search engine , and features a customized Google home page .
Because of the Firefox optimizations for Google , the Mountain View search giant paid Mozilla approximately 90 % of the $ 75 million in revenue the company accounted for in 2008 .
However , it seems that although Google is writing his paycheck , Dotzler is ready to speak against the search giant when it indicates little to no concern for protecting customer privacy .
“ If you have something that you do n't want anyone to know , maybe you should n't be doing it in the first place .
If you really need that kind of privacy , the reality is that search engines -- including Google -- do retain this information for some time and it's important , for example , that we are all subject in the United States to the Patriot Act and it is possible that all that information could be made available to the authorities , ” Schmidt stated .
Swapping Google for Bing is extremely simply , Dotzler explains , pointing users to the official Bing add - on provided by Microsoft for Firefox .
The Bing extension for Firefox has been available for download since June 1st , after Microsoft killed Live Search , and has so far been downloaded approximately 900,000 times .
“ That was Eric Schmidt , the CEO of Google , telling you exactly what he thinks about your privacy .
There is no ambiguity , no " out of context " here .
Watch the video , ” Dotzler stated .
“ And here 's how you can easily switch Firefox 's search from Google to Bing .
( Yes , Bing does have a better privacy policy than Google . ) ”
Microsoft itself is also subject to the Patriot Act in the US , but the fact of the matter is that the Redmond company indeed has a much healthier privacy policy for its search decision engine compared to Google .
And where Google shows down right blatant disregard for the kind of user information it harvests and stores , the Redmond company has had to deal with years long battles with regulators and barrages of public criticism , and is tip - toeing around the users data it gathers with Bing and stores on its servers .
UPDATE : " I think that the thing that bothers me most about Google CEO Eric Schmidt 's comment is that it makes clear that he simply does n't understand privacy .
That a company with so much user data on its servers is led by someone who just does n't understand privacy is really scary to me and it should be scary to you as well , " Dotzler added .
The latest releases of Google Chrome are available for download here .
Internet Explorer 8 is available for download here .
Opera 10.20 Alpha is available for download here .
Firefox 3.6 Beta 4 for Windows is available for download here .
Firefox 3.6 Beta 4 for Mac OS X is available for download here .
Firefox 3.6 Beta 4 for Linux is available for download here .
Maybe you can help me out here ...
Did you ever see anyone arrested wearing a Bush T - shirt , or for you older guys , an Eisenhower , Gerald Ford , Ronald Reagan , or even Nixon , or Bob Dole shirt ?
There MUST be a message here , but I can't quite grasp it .
Just think about this for a second :
Let 's see here .
I need to shower , shave , eat some oatmeal ( it keeps my cholesterol down ) , put on my new ' Obama : Change we can believe in ' T - shirt , grab my 9 mm and a few rounds , hold up a convenience store , and then go buy some crack .......
I have written previously that Democrats are enemies of this great republic .
Although most emails merely repeat urban myths , here is one that is right on the money .
All those incidents of voter intimidation by Black Panther Obama supporters , the fraud perpetrated by ACORN , is now understandable .
Democrats are just natural criminals .
If the FBI kept statistics on the political affiliation of criminal offenders , it would easily show that the majority of crimes is committed by Democrats .
But if the Feds did that , then the Democratic party would have to be classified as a criminal organization no different than the mafia .
In a related vein , here is a better description ( from an Internet email ) of what makes a person be a Democrat :
My Cat
My cat sleeps about 20 hours a day .
She has her food prepared for her .
She can eat whenever she wants , 24/7/365 .
Her meals are provided at no cost to her .
She visits the Dr. once a year for her checkup , and again during the year if any medical needs arise .
For this she pays nothing , and nothing is required of her .
She lives in a nice neighborhood in a house that is much larger than she needs , but she is not required to do any upkeep .
If she makes a mess , someone else cleans it up .
She has her choice of luxurious places to sleep .
She receives these accommodations absolutely free .
She is living like a queen , and has absolutely no expenses whatsoever .
All of her costs are picked up by others who go out and earn a living every day .
I was thinking about all this , and suddenly it hit me like a brick in the head .
My cat is a Democrat !
This article available in Danish here .
The al - Qaeda group says it seized Frenchman Pierre Camatte in Mali Mali has freed four militants from jail weeks after al - Qaeda 's North African branch threatened to kill a French hostage if the men were not released .
The authorities insisted they had not given into al - Qaeda 's demands , saying that the four men had served their sentences and were due to be freed .
The release has been criticised by other countries in the region .
The group snatched Frenchman Pierre Camatte from his hotel in Menaka , near the Niger border , on 25 November .
It is thought he is being held in the northern Mali desert by the same group which is holding three Spanish hostages and an Italian couple .
They were kidnapped in neighbouring Mauritania last November .
' Enormous risks '
Al - Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb issued a statement in early January saying they would kill Mr Camatte if the four members of its group being held by Mali were not freed .
Reports say the four men were sentenced last week to nine months in jail .
They had been in custody since last June , and were freed on the weekend .
The Spanish news agency Efe reported that neighbouring Mauritania expressed alarm at the release , with the ruling party saying it exposed the rest of the region to " enormous risks " .
The UK recently warned its nationals not to visit northern Mali because of the threat of attack by the North African branch of al - Qaeda .
The militants were believed to be behind the murder of British hostage Edwin Dyer in June .
Also in June , an American teacher was killed in Mauritania , with the same group later claiming it had killed him for spreading Christianity in the Islamic state .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Blacks Upbeat about Black Progress , Prospects
A Year After Obama 's Election
Overview
Despite the bad economy , blacks ’ assessments about the state of black progress in America have improved more dramatically during the past two years than at any time in the past quarter century , according to a comprehensive new nationwide Pew Research Center survey on race .
Barack Obama ’s election as the nation ’s first black president appears to be the spur for this sharp rise in optimism among African Americans .
It may also be reflected in an upbeat set of black views on a range of other matters , including race relations , local community satisfaction and expectations for future black progress .
In each of these realms , the perceptions of blacks have changed for the better over the past two years , despite a deep recession and jobless recovery that have hit blacks especially hard .
The telephone survey was conducted from Oct. 28 to Nov. 30 , 2009 among a nationally representative sample of 2,884 adults , including 812 blacks .
( For details see page 67 in the full report ) .
In some topic areas , the survey finds little change in black opinions .
For example , four decades after the turmoil , triumphs and tragedies of the Civil Rights era , most blacks still doubt the basic racial fairness of American society .
More than eight - in - ten blacks — compared with just over a third of whites — say the country needs to make more changes to ensure that blacks have equal rights with whites .
Blacks also continue to lag behind whites in their satisfaction with their lives and local communities , and most remain skeptical that the police treat blacks and whites equally .
However , in the teeth of what may be the deepest recession since the Great Depression , nearly twice as many blacks now ( 39 % ) as in 2007 ( 20 % ) say that the “ situation of black people in this country ” is better than it was five years earlier , and this more positive view is apparent among blacks of all age groups and income levels .
Looking ahead , blacks are even more upbeat .
More than half ( 53 % ) say that life for blacks in the future will be better than it is now , while just 10 % say it will be worse .
In 2007 , 44 % said things would be better for blacks in the future , while 21 % said they would be worse .
A majority of blacks ( 54 % ) also report that Obama ’s barrier - breaking election has improved race relations in America ; just 7 % say it has made race relations worse .
Whites , too , see progress on this front , though by much smaller margins .
A plurality of whites ( 45 % ) say Obama ’s election has made no difference to race relations , while about a third ( 32 % ) say it has made things better and 15 % say it has made race relations worse .
For both races , these appraisals are not as effusive as the expectations expressed immediately after the November 2008 election , when nearly half of white voters ( 48 % ) and three - quarters of black voters ( 74 % ) said they expected to see race relations improve during Obama ’s presidency .
As for Obama himself , one year into his presidency , his personal favorability rating runs well ahead of public support for his policies , though both have declined in the course of a year marked by highly partisan battles over his policy agenda .
His support is higher among blacks than whites , but there is little to suggest that negative opinions about Obama among whites have been driven mostly by race .
For example , only a small share of whites ( 13 % ) say Obama has been paying too much attention to the concerns of blacks .
And while whites who score low on an index of racial liberalism have much more negative views of Obama than do other whites , it is also the case that many whites with an unfavorable opinion of the president have more liberal racial views .
Most See a Black - White Convergence on Values , Living Standards
In what may be some of the most intriguing findings of this survey , most blacks join with most whites in saying that the two racial groups have grown more alike in the past decade , both in their standard of living and their core values .
Seven - in - ten whites ( 70 % ) and six - in - ten blacks ( 60 % ) say that the values held by blacks and whites have become more similar in the past 10 years .
Similarly , a majority of blacks ( 56 % ) and nearly two - thirds of whites ( 65 % ) say the standard of living gap between whites and blacks has narrowed in the past decade .
Compared with 2007 , whites have changed little in either perception .
But more blacks now say that the values of blacks and whites have become more similar ( from 54 % then to 60 % today ) and that the standard of living gap has narrowed ( 41 % then , 56 % now ) .
The changing views about the size of the black - white economic gap are all the more notable because they run counter to underlying economic realities .
According to a widely - used indicator of a group ’s standard of living — median household income — blacks in this country have lost ground to whites since 2000 , after having spent the previous three decades narrowing the gap .
( For details see page 62 in the full report ) .
Blacks and Discrimination : No Longer the Biggest Target ?
Blacks and whites continue to have very different views about the pervasiveness of discrimination against African Americans .
Some 43 % of blacks now say there is a lot of anti-black discrimination , about the same as in 2001 .
Among whites , just 13 % see a lot of anti-black bias now , down from 20 % in 2001 .
Moreover , among whites some 21 % say that Hispanics face a lot of discrimination .
As a result , Hispanics have not only passed blacks as the nation ’s biggest minority group , they are also now seen by slightly more Americans as frequent targets of discrimination ( 23 % vs. 18 % for African Americans ) .
This was not the case in 2001 .
Fewer Americans see a lot of discrimination against three of four other demographic groups tested in this question : women ( 13 % ) , whites ( 10 % ) and Asian - Americans ( 8 % ) .
But many Americans see a lot of discrimination against another group tested : gays and lesbians .
Nearly half ( 45 % ) of all Americans ( and 55 % of all blacks ) say they face a lot of discrimination .
These findings are in sync with surveys taken over the last decade that show the public perceives substantial bias against gays and lesbians .
Overall , blacks are much more inclined than whites to see discrimination against all groups tested , except whites .
The survey finds other sizable black - white racial gaps in perceptions of bias .
As noted earlier , blacks are much more likely than whites to say that the police do not treat blacks the same as whites .
They are also much more likely to say the country needs to continue to make changes to ensure blacks have equal r
ights with whites .
Fully eight - in - ten blacks ( 81 % ) say so , compared with just over a third ( 36 % ) of whites .
But on a related question , a majority of blacks ( 52 % ) now say that blacks who cannot get ahead in this country are mainly responsible for their own situation , whereas only about a third ( 34 % ) say that racial discrimination is the main reason .
Fifteen years ago , most blacks held the opposite view .
Multiple surveys taken since 1994 show that this shift in blacks ’ perceptions has occurred in fits and starts over time , and that the change pre-dates the election of Obama .
Racial Identity : Do the Old Categories Still Work ?
From slavery to segregation to the civil rights era , the terms “ black ” and “ white ” have generally been regarded in this country as mutually exclusive .
The simplicity of that classification scheme has served to obscure the racial mixing that has always been a part of the national tapestry .
It is not clear if the nation ’s racial lexicon will one day grow more nuanced .
But several findings from this new Pew Research survey demonstrate that , at the very least , the old categories are hard - pressed to describe America ’s new demographic realities — and that public opinion has begun to take notice .
A particularly vivid challenge to the old categories comes from the bloodlines of the man who now lives in the White House — the son of an African father from Kenya and a Caucasian mother from Kansas .
Racially speaking , who is Barack Obama ?
It depends on whom you ask .
Offered a choice , most blacks ( 55 % ) say Obama is black , while about a third ( 34 % ) say he is mixed race .
Among whites , the pattern is reversed .
Most ( 53 % ) say he is mixed race , while just a quarter ( 24 % ) say he is black .
Hispanics are even more inclined than whites to see him as mixed race ; 61 % do so .
There are only minor sub - group differences by age , education or income on this question .
So race is the overriding factor that divides public opinion on the question of Obama ’s racial identity .
But even within racial groups , there is considerable disagreement — witness the fact that only a bare majority of both blacks and whites agree among themselves .
Nor is Obama the only source of semantic confusion on the racial classification front .
In this survey , when respondents were asked to state what race they are ( black ; white ; Asian ; some other race ) and told they could choose as many categories as they wished , just 1 % chose to identify with more than one category .
However , later in the same survey , when respondents were asked explicitly if they consider themselves to be of mixed race — fully one - in - six ( 16 % ) said they did , including 20 % of blacks , 8 % of whites and 37 % of Hispanics .
In short , responses to racial identity questions vary widely depending on wording and context — a sign that the old classification scheme may be losing some of its descriptive power in a country that is rapidly growing more racially and ethnically diverse , and that is experiencing , from a small base , a sharp rise in interracial marriage .
As of 2008 , 8.1 % of marriages in this country were between spouses of a different race , up from 3.2 % in 1980 , according to U.S. Census Bureau figures .
Interracial Marriage
Once a social and legal taboo in this country , interracial marriage is now widely accepted by Americans of all racial groups .
In the Pew Research survey , about two - thirds of whites ( 64 % ) say they would be fine with a member of their family marrying a black person ; an additional 27 % say they would be bothered but would accept it .
Among blacks , eight - in - ten ( 80 % ) say it would be fine with them if a family member were to marry a white person , and another 16 % say they would be bothered but would accept it .
Just 6 % of whites and 3 % of blacks say they could not accept a black - white interracial marriage in their family .
Within both races , degrees of acceptance are higher among younger respondents than older ones .
Since 2001 , acceptance of black - white interracial marriage has risen slightly among whites .
It is still the case that more blacks than whites approve , but the black - white gap on this question has fallen from 31 percentage points in 2001 to 16 percentage points in 2009 .
The survey finds that most Americans also are ready to accept intermarriage in their family if the new spouse is Hispanic or Asian .
But there is one new spouse that most Americans would have trouble accepting into their families : someone who does not believe in God .
Seven - in - ten people who are affiliated with a religion say they either would not accept such as marriage ( 27 % ) or be bothered before coming to accept it ( 42 % ) .
Obama and Race
An overwhelming share of blacks — 95 % — have a favorable opinion of President Obama .
This number has remained in the stratosphere among blacks throughout his first year in office .
Among whites , however , Obama has seen his popularity ratings decline significantly — from a high of 76 % just before he was inaugurated to 56 % in the current survey .
( Even so , Obama ’s personal favorability ratings continue to run ahead of public approval for his policies ; his December Pew Research Center job approval rating among whites was 39 % approve and 48 % disapprove ) .
Paralleling the near - unanimous black support for Obama is the near unanimous view among blacks that he shares the values and interests of black people ; 61 % of blacks say he shares “ a lot ” of values and interests with blacks and an additional 31 % say he shares “ some . ”
These numbers are up from 2007 when , during the early stages of the Democratic nomination contest , some questioned whether the then long - shot candidate was “ black enough . ”
In a Pew Research survey taken in the fall of 2007 , 42 % of blacks said he shared “ a lot ” of the values and interests of black people , while an additional 33 % said he shared “ some . ”
The new survey finds that a year into Obama ’s presidency , few Americans of any race believe he has been favoring his black constituents over other groups .
Just 13 % of both whites and Hispanics and 1 % of blacks say he is paying too much attention to the concerns of blacks .
A small share of all three groups ( 10 % of whites and Hispanics , 13 % of blacks ) take the opposite view ; that he is paying too little attention to the concerns of blacks .
A majority of whites ( 57 % ) and Hispanics ( 60 % ) , as well as 80 % of blacks say he is paying the right amount of attention to blacks .
The survey findings suggest that blacks are disinclined to press race - based claims on Obama .
The share who say the nation ’s first African - American president is paying too little attention to blacks is not as large as the share of blacks who say he is paying too little attention to the concerns of other groups , including labor unions ( 23 % ) and seniors ( 22 % ) .
Both whites and Hispanics have more group - based complaints about Obama than blacks do .
Fully 42 % of Hispanics say he is n’t paying enough attention to the concerns of Hispanics .
And 22 % of whites say he is n’t paying enough attention to the concerns of whites .
There are also sharp racial and ethnic differences in perceptions about whether people who oppose Obama ’s policies are motivated to a significant degree by race .
More than half of blacks ( 52 % ) say this , compared with 29 % of Hispanics and just 17 % of whites .
The survey also finds a striking shift in black opinions about Obama ’s principal oppo
nent for the Democratic presidential nomination , Hillary Clinton .
Going back to her years in the 1990s as First Lady , blacks have always held Clinton in very high regard , but her ratings plummeted in the spring of 2008 , at the height of her political battle with Obama .
At that time , about six - in - 10 blacks viewed her favorably , down from about eight - in - ten at the beginning of 2008 .
However , she has since made up all that lost ground — and more .
Her current favorability rating among blacks is 93 % , virtually identical to that of Obama .
Problems in Black Communities and Families
Blacks have long trailed whites in their level of satisfaction with their communities .
This is still the case now , but the black - white gap on this question has narrowed in the past two years .
Overall , 44 % of blacks say they are very satisfied with their local community as a place to live , compared with 52 % of Hispanics and 64 % of whites .
Two years ago , just 36 % of blacks were very satisfied with their community .
During the same period , there was no substantial shift in community satisfaction among the other groups .
In response to a question about the problems facing black families , a majority of blacks rate not enough jobs ( 79 % ) , drugs and alcoholism ( 74 % ) , crime ( 67 % ) and poor public education ( 56 % ) as big problems .
Most blacks ( 61 % ) say churches are helping “ a lot ” to tackle these problems .
But blacks are less impressed by the problem - solving role being played by community organizations ( 47 % say they help a lot ) , black people themselves ( 39 % ) and the government ( 26 % ) .
Blacks ,
Whites and the Economy
When it comes to employment rates , blacks have been hit harder than whites by the recession and so - far jobless recovery .
But when it comes to perceptions about the economy , the opposite is true : whites have turned sharply negative since the recession began , while black perceptions ( starting from a more downbeat base ) have held steady .
For example , the share of whites who rate the national economy as excellent or good has plummeted from 42 % in late 2006 to just 7 % in late 2009 .
During this same period , black assessments barely budged — from 16 % in December 2006 to 14 % three years later .
The contrast is even more dramatic in perceptions about one ’s personal finances .
The share of whites who rate their personal financial situation as excellent or good has declined during this period from 52 % to 35 % , while the share of blacks who rate their personal finances as excellent or good has changed very little ( 32 % in late 2009 , 27 % in late 2006 ) .
Read the full report for more details .
Share
When you first signed up for a social media account , such as Twitter or Facebook , you probably thought it would be a cool way to keep in contact with friends , classmates , colleagues , etc .
But did you ever imagine that it would result in you getting sued ?
Neither did we , yet this is the position that the co-Founder of Mikogo now finds himself in .
How it started :
In 2007 , Mark Zondler registered a Twitter account : http://twitter.com/mannheim.
Mark had plans to use this account as Mikogo was launched in 2007 and our company is based in Mannheim , Germany .
Introducing the City of Mannheim , their Legal Team and their Fail
Mark has now received a letter via registered mail from the City of Mannheim , which says that he must sign the letter and give up the Twitter account , or suffer the full force of a city ’s legal team as they try to drag our a**es through the courts .
Are they serious ?
But how can they do this ?
Just because they are a city ( with no doubt an expensive and deadly legal team ) and we are only a small private company , does not give them the right to push their weight around like this and threaten us .
Listen up City of Mannheim – we will not go down quietly !
The Twitter Mannheim account has never been used in a negative way , nor did we ever pretend to in fact be the City of Mannheim .
Mark registered the account fair and square , just as any user would have done to get their personal Twitter account .
So why does the City of Mannheim think they can flex their muscles like this ?
In my opinion , they could use another Twitter name , such as “ city_mannheim ” .
What does this mean for social media and you ?
There are many other Twitter users who have accounts named after famous cities .
And what about everyone else on the Web who has a blog , email address , or Facebook fan page that includes a city or famous location name ?
There are even people in Germany with Mannheim as a surname .
Can they also expect a cease and desist order ?
Well , we say NO !
We might be a small private entity , but we are far from trembling in our boots .
Quite the opposite – instead we are calling out the City of Mannheim as they are the ones who initiated this epic FAIL and soon they will experience the true power of social media and teh interweb !
This is not just to save our own skins , because I ’m sure that there are many private individuals who have found themselves in a similar situation , but perhaps did not react like we will .
So for their sake and ours , this blog post is us making a stand as we feel the City of Mannheim breathing down our necks and into our wallets .
Would you let Mannheim walk all over you ?
I can only assume that the good people at the City of Mannheim actually expect us to roll over and die .
Well , the reality is not quite that .
Instead we are putting it to the people of teh Interweb .
Are they allowed to do this ?
Are the Goliaths of this world allowed to rule the Internet and social media , or will the Davids out there stand up for themselves ?
If you think the City of Mannheim has a point , then where does it end ?
How far is too far ?
Also consider this : the City of Mannheim never contacted Mark directly to enquire about the Twitter account .
Instead first contact was this cease and desist order threatening legal action .
We are a taxpaying company of Mannheim , yet this is how they treat us .
Is this how you expect to be treated as a taxpayer , and hence a city customer ?
Pirates
Piracy has existed since the earliest times sailors put to sea .
However , most Americans when asked about pirates probably picture the Caribbean pirates of the seventeenth through nineteenth centuries .
Stories of characters like Blackbeard and Henry Morgan , along with legends of their hidden treasure , continue to fascinate us .
This site is a member of WebRing .
To browse visit Here .
Back to my myth and legend page .
Back to my interests .
Back to my home page .
Search my pages .
Last modified by pib on January 14 , 2003 .
Walmart Clown Commercial VIDEO : Funny Ad
A humorous new Walmart commercial aired last night during the NFC Championship playoff game between the Minnesota Vikings and the New Orleans Saints .
Two mothers are overseeing a birthday party for a group of children .
One of the women is bragging up the decorations and the fact that her husband even had enough money left over to buy a clown suit for the occasion .
On cue , Bozo enters the scene and inadvertently steps on a very nasty looking sharp object .
The shooting pain causes him to gesture and scream , frightening the children , who flee the scene .
Check it out on video below .
Mysterious Digital Artworks and Manipulations by Eric
Eric Lacombe a.k.a Monstror is an awesome Surreal and Grunge digital artist on Deviant Art from last 3 years .
He submitted a total of 108 amazing surreal and grunge illustrations just like ones below .
You can find his profile here and his gallery here .
All his artworks are properly linked back to their sources .
Click on the images to go to their source for full view .
[ ad1 ]
Obama , wir haben ein Problem ! : Dick und Doof sind die neuen Feinde der USA
Die Vereinigten Staaten haben einen besonders schwergewichtigen Gegner .
Doch es handelt sich weder um den urananreichernden Iran noch um nordkoreanische Atomsprengköpfe .
Diesmal kommt die Gefahr für die Armee aus den eigenen Reihen .
Delegates follow the opening ceremony of the Climate Conference in Copenhagen on Monday .
Saudi Arabia calls for investigation
COPENHAGEN — Saudi Arabia called for an independent investigation into “ climategate ” Monday , warning that the scandal over stolen e-mails threatened to undermine the global - warming negotiations beginning here .
“ We believe this scandal — or what has been referred to as the ‘ climategate ’ scandal — we think this is definitely going to affect the nature of what could be trusted in our deliberations , ” the Saudi Arabian negotiator said .
Advertisement
The U.N. ’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has promised to investigate the scandals , although its chairman said Monday that it provided no basis for questioning the science behind global warming .
But the Saudi negotiator told delegates that “ the level of confidence is certainty shaken . ”
By Jonathan Weisman
If Democrat Martha Coakley loses today ’s special Senate election in Massachusetts , some White House and Senate aides have determined that getting the House to pass the Senate health care bill unchanged is their last best hope for victory on President Barack Obama ’s signature issue .
Associated Press Louisiana GOP Rep .
Anh “ Joseph ” Cao .
If so , the president is likely to lose the one vestige of bipartisanship on the health care issue .
Rep .
Anh “ Joseph ” Cao of Louisiana , the lone Republican vote for the health care overhaul on either end of the Capitol , will not vote for the Senate bill , Cao spokeswoman Princella Smith said this morning .
The language roping federal funds away from abortion services is not sufficient .
“ It ’s a complete deal breaker with him if there ’s not sufficient language to protect the lives of the unborn , ” said Smith , citing her boss ’s beliefs , his training as a Catholic priest and his role as adviser to the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops .
“ The Senate version does not have that sufficient language . ”
Published by Sierra Monica P. on January 20 , 2010 under Mobile
In case you did n’t know , there is a smart bulb type out there that can clean the air in an entire 100 square foot area of dust , pollen , pet dander , odors , allergens and smoke .
It is called the Ionic Bulb and looks like a standard economic bulb , but has the ability to clean the air in a matter of minutes .
It works based on the Ionic technology to emit a natural light with negative ions that attach to all pollutants and neutralize them , creating afresh air .
Like other economic bulbs , it uses 75 % less energy to light the area , or a quarter of the wattage of other bulbs , but produces the same amount of light .
You can get four Ionic Bulbs for $ 19.99 , which is a special offer available on the official website .
Gushungo is one of several farms controlled by the Mugabe family Swiss multinational Nestle has suspended operations at its dairy plant in Zimbabwe , citing harassment .
After international criticism , Nestle announced in October that it would stop buying milk from a farm owned by President Robert Mugabe 's wife Grace .
The company said since then it had come under pressure to accept milk from " certain non-contracted suppliers " .
President Mugabe said he was unaware of the development and his prime minister said it was an " over - reaction " .
' Solution sought '
In a statement , Nestle said government officials and police forced staff to accept a delivery on Saturday .
Since ... employees ' safety is no longer guaranteed , Nestle decided to temporarily shut down the facility
Nestle statement
Nestle to stop Mugabe milk deal " Two Nestle Zimbabwe managers were questioned by the police and released without charges the same day , " the statement said .
" Since under such circumstances normal operations and the safety of employees are no longer guaranteed , Nestle decided to temporarily shut down the facility . "
Zimbabwe 's Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai told a press conference after the announcement that he thought the shutdown was an " over - reaction " .
" I am sure the minister of industry , who is responsible , is talking to the directors - and that a solution will be found , " he said .
Mr Mugabe , who was also at the press gathering , said he was not aware of the development .
In October , Nestle said it would stop buying milk from Gushungo Dairy Estate and seven other farms after human rights activists had called for a boycott of Nestle products .
The farm , owned by Grace Mugabe , was seized from its white owner under controversial land reforms .
The company said it had bought from farms such as Gushungo since February to help the country as its dairy industry neared collapse .
In February , Mr Mugabe joined a unity government with the Movement for Democratic Change leader Mr Tsvangirai aimed at rescuing the country 's shattered economy - which has stabilised in recent months .
Mrs Mugabe is subject to international sanctions , along with her husband and dozens of other Zimbabwean officials .
But these cover travel to , and assets held in , the US , EU , Switzerland and other countries - they do not restrict trade , except arms sales .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
thewastedyouth posted
15/04/2014 , 03:26
Japan sales
man wtf are they even playing in that country
Message | Report Japan salesman wtf are they even playing in that country
Turkish posted
10/01/2014 , 06:54
Undertracked , it passed 3 million back in august 2013 .
Message | Report Undertracked , it passed 3 million back in august 2013 .
https://twitter.com/GdeFondaumiere/status/369440406808719360
z 101 posted 24/10/2013 , 02:10
A boring interactive movie with a B - Movie storyline .
But it has pretty graphics , so some people bought it .
Message | Report A boring interactive movie with a B - Movie storyline .
But it has pretty graphics , so some people bought it .
JustThatGamer posted
21/10/2013 , 04:18
It 's an okay / good interactive experience , nothing special .
Impressive sales , it 's under - tracked quite a bit too .
Message | Report
It 's an okay / good interactive experience , nothing special .
Impressive sales , it 's under - tracked quite a bit too .
CEO of Bit Discovery , Professional Hacker , Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu , Off - Road Race Car Driver , Founder of WhiteHat Security , and Maui resident .
https://dandelionsalad.wordpress.com/
www.presstv.ir/
Sun , 07 Feb 2010 07:48:11 GMT
As Israel keeps threatening the regional countries with war , Egyptian maritime sources say the Israeli navy has deployed two missile ships to the Persian Gulf .
Citing the sources , Yediot Ahronot reported Saturday that two Israeli missile ships passed through the Suez Canal en rout to the Red Sea on Thursday morning .
The sources said the ships are expected to reach the Persian Gulf within the next four days .
According to the report , Cairo adopted tight security measures to ensure the safe passage of the Israeli ships through the canal .
The waterway , which had not previously been used by Israeli vessels for intelligence reasons , was traversed for the first time in June 2009 when a Dolphin - class submarine ( a nuclear German - made submarine ) reportedly sailed from the Mediterranean to reach military exercises in the Red Sea .
h/t : CLG
FAIR USE NOTICE :
This blog may contain copyrighted material .
Such material is made available for educational purposes , to advance understanding of human rights , democracy , scientific , moral , ethical , and social justice issues , etc .
This constitutes a ‘ fair use ’ of any such copyrighted material as provided for in Title 17 U.S.C. section 107 of the US Copyright Law .
In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C.
Section 107 , the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes .
If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond ‘ fair use ’ , you must obtain permission from the copyright owner .
see
Israel threatens to ‘ use force ’ against Iran
Israel Launches Airstrikes On Gaza
Israel - Palestine - Gaza- Occupation
Lebanon Warns of a Possible Israeli Attack – February 06 , 2010
The Rudd Government has played down search giant Google 's reluctance to voluntarily assist in censoring Refused Classification material from the internet , saying the company would clearly be required to comply with the new laws when they come in effect anyway .
Communications Minister Stephen Conroy restated the Rudd Government 's determination to proceed with its mandatory filtering plans , with the legislation still scheduled to be put to the Parliament in the autumn sitting sessions .
" The Government remains firmly committed to its policy for the introduction of mandatory ISP filtering for RC rated content .
This is content which the Australian Parliament has determined to be offensive and not appropriate for a civilised society , " a spokeswoman for Senator Conroy said .
" The Government has indicated that it will legislate to give effect to this policy and we expect people , as is the case with any law , to comply , " she said .
Google said last week that while it had been in ongoing discussions with the Federal Government over content regulation issues , it was reluctant to remove content under a regime it said allowed for definitions of offensive material that were too broad .
In relation to discussion that sought the company 's help in voluntarily censoring material from its YouTube video service , Google Australia head of policy Iarla Flynn said YouTube was a platform for freedom of expression and that while the company would always abide by local laws in the countries it operated , openness was its default position .
" When we receive a valid legal request like a court order to remove content alleged to violate local laws , we first check that the request meets both the letter and spirit of the law , and we will seek to narrow it if the request is overly broad , " Google 's Flynn said .
Senator Conroy 's office said Government continued to hold discussions with the industry on how the RC filtering program would work , and regardless of any voluntary scheme , these service provider would be required to comply with the new laws once the filtering legislation is passed .
" Clearly we cannot insist upon Google taking part in a voluntary process , " Senator Conroy 's spokeswoman said .
" However , we remain open to working with content owners on alternative arrangements , consistent with our policy , to avoid material on their sites being added to the RC content list . "
Active Vs. Passive DWDM Solutions
An active approach to your growing optical transport network & connectivity needs .
Building dark fibre network infrastructure using WDM technology used to be considered a complex challenge that only carriers have the means to implement .
This has led many enterprises to build passive networks , which are inferior in quality and ultimately limit their future growth .
Why are passive solutions considered inferior ?
And what makes active solutions great ?
Read more about these two solutions , and how PacketLight fits into all this .
CLICK HERE !
Have a question for Sharks defenseman Marc - Edouard Vlasic ?
Now ’s your chance to ask it .
Send in your questions for the 22 - year - old native of Montreal , Quebec to askthesharks@sjsharks.com .
Then we ’ll choose the best ones and post Vlasic ’s answers on Sunday .
deathtotheweird Guest
Re : Pax Britannica « Reply # 1 on : January 31 , 2010 , 10:56:14 PM
» one button real time strategy ?
oh my .
Logged
JamesGecko
Level 3 Re : Pax Britannica « Reply # 2 on : February 01 , 2010 , 12:38:52 AM
» How does ?...
But what ?...
Huh .
I can think of a single possible control scheme which might work for that , a grid - based system .
Either that or something sorta similar Herzog Zwei ?
Logged
Zhal
Level 0 Re : Pax Britannica « Reply # 5 on : February 01 , 2010 , 09:54:22 AM
» Looking forward to seeing how this works .
I had couple of ideas for an RTS , but we never went with them .
Logged
nicknicknicknick
idkfa
Level 0idkfa Re : Pax Britannica [ released ] « Reply # 9 on : February 18 , 2010 , 09:55:13 AM
» I very much dig this game .
I like cap - ship battles , and I like things that go boom , so you got me right off the bat .
Even though audio was n't a requirement , the sfx and soundtrack are great .
Very good mood - setting to match the pace of the motherships .
My only critique would be to put in more feedback as to the health of all ships and the capabilities of the various fighters / destroyers .
Logged
http://nicknicknicknick.net
8 - Bit Personality , 16 - Bit Looks
region5
Level 0 Re : Pax Britannica [ released ] « Reply # 10 on : February 18 , 2010 , 12:18:01 PM
» Absolutely wonderful game !
It opens up so many possibilities of other games with a similar interface .
However , everytime i press escape to end the game , my computer bluescreens and reboots .
Can you tell me what package I might want to get the latest patch for ?
Logged
tembac
Level 0 Re : Pax Britannica [ released ] « Reply # 12 on : February 18 , 2010 , 04:03:38 PM
» Very good idea on the game .
I also liked the mechanics .
I agree that it needs more information on the health of the ships and the different ships .
Also , sometimes is hard for colorblinds to diferentiate them .
Logged www.tembac.com
roBurky
Level 0 Re : Pax Britannica [ released ] « Reply # 13 on : February 19 , 2010 , 06:39:11 AM
» That 's really good .
A 4 - player game comfortably playable on one keyboard is a wonderful thing .
I 've played a few games with all numbers of players but I do n't really have any idea on what the good strategies are , or even if there are any .
Although going for resource generation early on in a 2 player game seems like a bad idea .
« Last Edit : February 19 , 2010 , 06:47:12 AM
by roBurky » Logged
jph wacheski
It 's only a matter of folding time and space , ..
Level 1
It 's only a matter of folding time and space , .. Re : Pax Britannica [ released ] « Reply # 14 on : February 19 , 2010 , 09:38:34 AM
» Excellent design for a one stratagy game .
The graphics and music are great too .
Congrats .
I quite enjoyed that !
It 's sotra like Gratuitous Space Battles , only funExcellent design for a onestratagy game .
The graphics and music are great too .
Congrats .
Logged http://iterationGAMES.com
http://jph_wacheski.itch.io/
all my itch.io games are now pay - what - you - like all my itch .
io games are now pay - what - you - like
Nate Kling
Level 9
Caliber9
PixelheadLevel 9Caliber9 Re : Pax Britannica [ released ] « Reply # 15 on : February 19 , 2010 , 09:50:55 AM
» Hey great game !
This is pretty genius way to use the one button mechanic .
I wish there were some sound effects for the explosions and lasers .
There are so many ways you could take this game !
I think it might interesting to add some sort of way to give your ships a priority of who to attack but it could be difficult to do only using one button .
Really fun though !
Logged SharkArm Brothers The Chicken Bandit ( Android game )
Gangles
Quixotic Engineer
Level 0 Quixotic Engineer Re : Pax Britannica [ released ] « Reply # 16 on : February 19 , 2010 , 10:19:14 AM
» Quote from : roBurky on February 19 , 2010 , 06:39:11 AM
I 've played a few games with all numbers of players but I do n't really have any idea on what the good strategies are , or even if there are any .
Although going for resource generation early on in a 2 player game seems like a bad idea .
The general unit hierarchy is bomber > frigate > fighter > bomber .
The strategy ( in theory ) is to counter what your opponent is building .
Personally , I like to start out with a frigate , then fill in the fleet with a bunch of fighters .
I 'll throw out some bombers once the opponent also builds a frigate .
I agree that the resource upgrade is n't perfectly balanced yet , we 're working on it !
Thanks for the feedback everyone !
The general unit hierarchy is bomber > frigate > fighter > bomber .
The strategy ( in theory ) is to counter what your opponent is building .
Personally , I like to start out with a frigate , then fill in the fleet with a bunch of fighters .
I 'll throw out some bombers once the opponent also builds a frigate .
I agree that the resource upgrade is n't perfectly balanced yet , we 're working on it !
Thanks for the feedback everyone !
Logged Blog ] [
Games
Advertisements
Palin gave her $ 115,000.00 speech tonight to an audience of less than enthusiastic Tea Partiers .
She appeared off of her game , delivering a rather flat speech , one that at least failed to inspire shouts of “ kill him ! ” as her campaign rallies did .
So there ’s that .
She managed to get part way through the speech before misspeaking and saying “ Alaska ” instead of “ America ” , but what do you expect from an AIP secessionist ?
What are you ?
Some kind of elitist ?
Surely Putin would know what she meant , were she in the office she was mantled for .
Advertisements
“ Nations around the world “ wonder if Alaska is still that beacon of hope . ”
Pauses , realizes she meant America , plunges on . ” Roger Ebert live tweeting the speech .
She spent a while attempting to mock the Real President for using a teleprompter , which earned her derision and scorn even from her fans on twitter .
Why , you ask , would a Palin fan not enjoy a good dash of mock and awe ?
Perhaps because Herself was reading off of notes for the entire speech …. which only served to give us a gander at the odd poof of hair attached to her real hair .
Not sure what ’s going on there – maybe that ’s “ Real America ” hair ?
But that was n’t the low point .
The Vintage Palin moment occurred when she sat down to answer questions , which apparently had been pre-screened .
So , she had a chance to study up prior to this moment .
And yet , she actually consulted notes scrawled on her hand while fishing around for the answer .
As in , a handprompter .
Leave it to Sarah .
God forbid she have yet another “ all of ’em and any of ’em ” moment .
I mean , when she dragged that out during the Beck interview , even Beck was disgusted .
Oh , Sarah .
Thank you for the entertainment .
I guess the next time meanie liberal elites like Katie Couric ask Palin what she reads , she can say , “ My hand . ”
Hypocrite Sarah Palin ranting about Obama using a teleprompter ?
Free .
Always free .
You can see this on Fox .
Sarah Palin charging to talk about a “ populist ” movement of the Joe Six Packs ?
$ 115,000.00
Sarah Palin cheating during a pre-screened Q and A session ?
Priceless .
UPDATE : Feb 7 , 2010 11:36
On Palin ’s PalmPrompter , “ The words “ Energy ” , “ Tax ” and “ Lift American Spirits ” are clearly visible . ”
One should note that she wrote “ Budget ” and slashed it out , replacing it with “ Tax ” for “ Tax cuts ” .
Which sort of implies that perhaps she does n’t understand the difference or relationship between tax cuts and budget cuts .
But then , that ’s a common problem among “ fiscal conservatives ” these days .
Unpaid for tax cuts which lead to a huge deficit that one can then blame on one ’s predecessor .
Or , in Palin ’s case , one can just quit and dump those pesky problems in the lap of your previously never even cc’d on state email business Lt Gov.
Quit and then get rich leading a movement of “ small government ” rebels .
Oh , the bitter , Orwellian irony of it all .
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/stefan-sirucek/did-palin-use-crib-notes_b_452458.html
Charlie Gasparino over at the Daily Beast points out a new development in the neverending Ken Lewis saga , which if true , may mark the beginning of the end of the " pristine " image of Ben Bernanke and Hank Paulson :
In defending former Bank of America CEO Ken Lewis against charges that he misled investors , his lawyers will call as witnesses former Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson and the current Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , according to people close to the matter .
The defense team , led by former US Attorney Mary Joe White , hopes to get Paulson and Bernanke to reveal that Lewis did not mislead the government about BofA 's deteriorating financial condition in the aftermath of its Merrill Lynch deal .
Those losses prompted a massive government bailout .
As we noted in our earlier commentary , a full prosecution against Ken Lewis would have to certainly implicate Bernanke and Paulson for the complicity in pushing Lewis to go ahead with the Merrill transaction .
In reality the former CEO is just a fall guy for interests of Goldman Sachs , as personified by Bernanke and Paulson , and specifically by their actions , which having been disclosed previously , make it all too clear that Lewis had no other option but to acquire Merrill .
It is unclear if either Bernanke or Paulson have already given testimony to the state attorney general in preparation for bringing today 's case , which includes civil fraud charges against former Bank of America CFO Joe Price .
( A spokesman for Cuomo 's office did not return a call for comment ; a spokesman for Bernanke had no comment and a spokeswoman for Paulson did n't return an email request for comment .
And a spokesman for Lewis declined to comment on the matter . )
So far , both men have given testimony before Congressional committees on the controversial merger .
Paulson address [ sic ] the matter in On the Brink , his new book about his role in the financial meltdown of late 2008 .
Lewis 's defense team , lead by Mary Joe White , had this to say :
... Lewis is being " public vilified by the political search for accountability for the financial meltdown . "
White also said that despite the initial problems with the merger - including the mounting losses that led to the government bailout - the merger has turned out to be an " unmitigated success for BofA . "
Merrill Lynch trading operations , like the trading operations of the other big banks , have taken advantage of historically low interest rates and borrowing costs to earn billions of dollars in profits , helping the banks to smoothe out losses from consumer and commercial real estate loans that continue to mount as economic conditions remain weak .
While we reserve judgment as to the " unmitigated success " of the transaction , which has only been successful to date courtesy of the trillions in backstops , guarantees , direct investments and a vertical yield curve , White is correct to an extent that Lewis is being made the fall guy here .
To be sure , he is guilty of not simply stepping down when he was put in the position of having to decide between his job and lying to shareholders , which is precisely what happened in those fateful days in December of 2008 .
For his choice to proceed with the government 's plan and to betray his fiduciary responsibility , he should be punished , whether just monetarily , or criminally , that is up to the AG to decide .
However , the real masterminds behind the ML - BAC deal always were the two men who controlled America in late 2008 - Bernanke and Paulson .
Should the two indeed be admitted as defense witnesses , the court should charge for admission : it will promptly refill the empty New York City coffers .
Rush Limbaugh , right , speaks during a news conference in Honolulu as Joana Magno , M.D. chief of the Dept. of Cardiovascular Diseases at The Queen 's Medical Center looks on .
Rush : U.S. health system ' just fine '
HONOLULU - Conservative talk radio host Rush Limbaugh said Friday that he had not suffered a heart attack and that his physician did not know the reason for the symptoms that resulted in his hospitalization in Hawaii this week , despite a number of tests performed on him .
" I wish I knew what it was , ” Limbaugh told reporters before he was released from Queen 's Medical Center in Honolulu , which he was rushed to Wednesday after complaining of chest pains .
" All people can do is make wild guesses about it . "
Advertisement
Limbaugh shot down speculation that he is again taking painkillers amid news reports that he told paramedics when they arrived Wednesday at his hotel room that he was on medication for back pain .
Asked if he was taking painkillers , he flatly said " No , " and added that he was taking Prednisone , a type of steroid used to treat inflammatory diseases .
Limbaugh , who has been vacationing in Hawaii at the same time as President Obama , also used his 5 - minute statement to ding Obama 's plan to overhaul the health care system .
" The treatment I received here was the best that the world has to offer , ” Limbaugh said .
“ Based on what happened here to me , I do n't think there 's one thing wrong with the American health care system .
It is working just fine , just dandy . "
Limbaugh said that despite his celebrity he received the same treatment as anyone else who would have called 911 and been taken to the hospital in his condition .
" I got no special treatment , " he said , adding that the care he received was nonetheless " confidence inspiring . "
" I just feel very grateful and thankful be an American and have this happen to me , " he said .
Dressed in a blue polo shirt , white shorts and black loafers , Limbaugh was energetic as he delivered his statement at a podium in a small room on the sixth floor of the hospital .
He said around 2:30 p.m.
Wednesday he started to feel chest pains and initially tried to walk it off around his hotel room .
But when the symptoms did not dissipate , he called for emergency help and was taken to the hospital in serious condition .
With the physician who treated him , Dr. Joana Magno , by his side , Limbaugh made a plea for others who may have a similar experience not to wait around before calling 911 .
" I'm 58 , will be 59 in a couple of weeks - you start thinking about these kinds of things .
Do n't mess with it , ” he said .
“ Any time you have heart pain or chest pain and you have no idea what it is and it 's something you 've never experienced before , turn it over to professionals right off the bat . "
Limbaugh thanked well wishers who have reached out to him over the past two days .
" It has been a humbling experience , " he added , saying he was overwhelmed with well - wishers who reached him
" It was a blessing that it happened as it did with no damage whatsoever , " he said of his heart attack scare , " because it takes things like this in life maybe to prepare you for the [ reality ] that you are getting older , you 're not as young as you were and not as invincible as you once thought you were . "
On his way out of the room , Limbaugh told a reporter he plans to return to his radio show next Wednesday , not Monday as originally planned .
Limbaugh has been in Hawaii since December 23 , staying at the posh Kahala Hotel and Resort .
This article tagged under : Media
Rush Limbaugh
Hawaii
Going up : Supporters spirits are soaring , but a space elevator liftoff is at least a decade away .
Steps toward space View photos NASA has put up $ 4 million in prizes for inventors who create the building blocks for an aerospace breakthrough .
Meet 4 teams competing in this year 's Space Elevator Games .
( Fortune Small Business ) --
The annals of entrepreneurship are full of world - changing ideas , pipe dreams and visionary projects plagued by missteps and skepticism .
Then there 's the space elevator , which is all of the above on steroids .
If you do n't know what the heck a space elevator is , you 're not alone .
In a Fortune Small Business / Zogby International survey of U.S. entrepreneurs , 69 % were unfamiliar with the term .
Here 's how I usually explain it : Imagine spinning around while holding a piece of string attached to a tennis ball .
The string goes taut ; that 's centrifugal force .
The same holds true for the rotating Earth .
Put a counterweight in geosynchronous orbit , drop down a superstrong equivalent of that string and attach it at the equator .
Voila !
You have an elevator tether , up which you could run a freight car the size of a 747 .
( The car would be propelled by a laser beam -- that implausible technology is a column all its own . )
Because it would reduce the cost of getting people and materials to space by roughly 90 % , a space elevator would disrupt the $ 5 billion satellite - launching industry and kick - start the space tourism business .
And that 's just the beginning .
Lift hundreds of tons of stuff into orbit every day , and suddenly all sorts of science fiction ideas become feasible : powering the entire planet with energy from orbital solar power farms , mining the asteroid belt , building zero - G hotels , sailing the solar winds to the moon or Mars , disposing of our radioactive waste by shooting it into the sun -- you name it .
Earlier this year I attended the Space Elevator Conference , held on the Microsoft ( MSFT , Fortune 500 ) campus in Redmond , Wash .
It was like a gathering of aircraft inventors in the 19th century : a bunch of obsessives who are used to getting laughed out of the room .
Take conference organizer Michael Laine , who refinanced his home and office building seven times to build a space elevator company called LiftPort , an enterprise he had to mothball for several years and is now restarting .
" There 's a reason I 'm still single , " notes the dapper Laine , 42 .
" Who wants to be with a guy who literally bets the mortgage on a long shot ? "
The long shot is getting shorter all the time .
In September a team of physics professors from York University in Toronto showed how they could build a tether made of Kevlar and inflate it with helium .
The catch :
It could reach an altitude of only 12 miles , making it more suitable as a communications tower than an elevator to the stars .
( Still , tourists could see the Earth 's curvature from the top . )
The main trouble with a true space elevator is that we do n't yet have materials strong enough to build the cable .
The miracle fiber known as carbon nanotubes is getting stronger by the year and is already being used for body armor .
If progress continues at the current rate , we should be able to build an elevator - ready tether in a decade or so .
But if not , all bets are off .
Then there 's the funding problem ( estimated elevator price tag : $ 20 billion , or about a fortieth of the economic stimulus package ) .
So far NASA has ponied up $ 4 million toward Elevator : 2010 , an annual challenge that consists partly of teams competing to build the strongest tether .
Japan 's space agency has committed itself to the goal of building a space elevator , which it thinks it can do for $ 10 billion -- though it has n't yet set a Kennedyesque deadline .
Most elevator entrepreneurs hope to achieve their dream without government help .
So they write papers , construct action matrices , argue over equations and look for ways to fund their work with more readily commercial projects , like carbon nanotube cars and planes .
Mostly they dream of the day when a steel - colored ribbon descends from the sky and finally wipes the smirks off our faces .
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
The DMG II for D&D 3.5 defines Prestige Classes as representing organisations ;
Taking a prestige class is synonymous with joining the organisation that the Prestige Class represents .
At least , that was the original theory .
The fact is that it was only ever partially true in D&D 3.5 , and D&D 4 has a completely different paradigm in place .
Be that as it may , it ’s also a rather extreme perspective .
Not every assemblage of like - thinking folk is worthy of a Prestige Class – the Garbageman ’s Union , for example .
In any game , there is an entire spectrum of organisations that runs from the Chess Club ( show up and play ) to the Professional Organisation With An Agenda ( Prestige Class or equivalent ) .
But there ’s no real way of simulating these in game mechanics , leaving the poor DM to cobble something together for each different group each time the situation arises – a solution that yields little - to - no consistency , and leaves the DM with lots of work and little - to - no ongoing control .
Whereas a proper solution would do both these things and offer the opportunity for scenarios and subplots to boot !
My collaborator on this blog was asking about this very subject earlier today .
He had only vague ideas of what he wanted , just that it be a simple game mechanic that addressed interaction between character and organisation .
I ’m pretty good at working up house rules on the fly , so I thought I ’d rush in where sensible GMs fear to tread , and see what I could come up with .
Hence this blog post , even though another is n’t due for a few days .
Organisation Type
Organisations need to be characterised in some fashion .
The most obvious characteristic lies in the type and level of obligation of a member to the organisation , so let ’s give that a try and see how we go :
Type Description
Just show up if and when you want to Periodic or one - off membership fee or other obligation Ongoing Tithes or Dues , Restricted Membership Substantial Ongoing Tithes or Dues , + other obligations , Restricted Membership
Type 1 represents the “ chess clubs ” .
Type 2 represents most political parties , more organised and expensive social clubs , and so on .
It can also cover most types of professional employment !
Type 3 covers most Trade Guilds and Professional Societies .
Type 4 covers the most exclusive bodies , including Church Affiliations , Feudal Nobility , Thieves and Assassins Guilds , Secret Societies , and the like .
It could also include Orders of Paladins and Knights .
For the record , “ Substantial ” is usually 25 % of what you get , or more .
Obligations
Every month , game time , a d6 roll can check for an obligation deriving from membership in the Organisation .
If you roll the Organisation Type or less , you have an obligation .
What they are is up to the DM , based on the type and description of the organisation .
If the character carries out the obligation , he is rewarded with a Privilege Point ( I ’ll get to them in a minute ) .
Additional Services
If the DM feels that the character has contributed something noteworthy to achieving the goals of the organisation , he should also reward the member with a Privilege Point .
Personal Attributes
If the character has in some way displayed loyalty to the organisation throughout the month , or has been an iconic representation of the archetypical club member for the month , the character may roll a die .
This may be a d6 , d8 , d10 , or d12 , depending on the degree of political affiliation or definition of an ideal archetype for members .
The larger the die size , the less well - connected the organisation is and the more rigid the membership requirements .
The size of die will be the same every month for any given organisation .
If the player rolls less than or equal to the organisation type , he earns a Privilege Point .
Otherwise , his behaviour has simply gone unnoticed that month ; bad luck .
GMs may wish to define some key personality attribute that is considered fundamental to the organisation – Honour , Loyalty , Reputation , Wealth , Social Standing , whatever – to use as the determining factor as to whether or not the character gets a die roll each month , or he can leave it loose ; that ’s up to him .
Privilige Points
These are the foundation of this game mechanic .
Each represents doing something for the organisation that it considers exemplary AND having it noticed by the organisation .
The lower the organisation type , the easier it is to claim membership – and the fewer the privilege points you get for it , each month .
These can be redeemed for various benefits of membership , as described below – again , in general , the lower the organisation type , the less you will get for a privilege point .
Privilege Points do n’t last forever .
They expire a year after you earn them , if they have not been redeemed .
Expending Privilege Points
Each organisation will have various rewards that can be bestowed in exchange for privilege points .
What these are is up to the DM , and should be described as part of the writeup of any organisation , but the following are suggestions that should be considered :
+ 1 on all interpersonal skill rolls with fellow members for a month 5 % discount on goods or services offered by the organisation or a brother group 1 favour 1 service on the member ’s behalf by the organisation +1 on an appropriate interpersonal skill roll with a non-member , once only +1 on another type of skill roll related to organisation activities , once only a month ’s wages
Example #1 : Weekly Chess Club : Category 1 . A member gets a privilege point for hosting the club one week , or perhaps by winning a game against a famous opponent .
He may use this for a 5 % discount on a new chess set , or a +1 in all chess games ( the members go easy on the host ) , or +1 in a chess game with a non-member ( the benefits of recent practice ) , or a favour from a fellow member , or first choice of opponent .
Example # 2 : Duelling Club : Category 2 . Members earn privilege points for paying their monthly dues , Winning outside duels , Enforcing moral behaviour , etc .
Points may be redeemed for social or political favours , discounts on equipment , healing services , personal reputation ( +1 to an appropriate roll ) , etc .
Example #3 : Church Sect : Category 3 . Members earn privilege points for tithing 50 % of their income , for making the Church more socially acceptable , for public acknowledgement by a leading political or social figure , for defending the faith from attack , for sustained personal piety , etc .
Points may be redeemed to get an appointment / audience with an otherwise inaccessible person , for a spell cast on his behalf by another member ( 1 point per spell level ) , for a 5 % discount on goods purchased from a parishioner , for +1 on a knowledge ( religion ) check , for +1 on an interpersonal skill roll with a non-member of the parish ( church ’s reputation ) , etc .
Potential Flaws
Particularly anal players may hoard their points in case they need them until the last possible minute before they expire before redeeming them .
If this starts happening , the DM should first warn the players and then become more ‘ flexible ’ regarding the expiry date of privilige points .
Scenarios
Privilege Points give players an additional incentive to do things appropriate to the organisations of which they are a member , and may even be reason enough to perform certain actions .
Members of an organisation may redeem their privilege points to get a ‘ favour ’ from the character .
The organisation may require the character to do something on its behalf , whether he wants to or not .
Opposed and rival organisations may target the character .
The character may fall victim to “ Tall Poppy Syndrome ’ if he accrues too many privilege points .
The DM can set a price in privilege points from specific organisation (s ) for achieving something ( getting a corrupt official replaced , earning a Title Of Nobility , Persuading the Exchequer to lower taxes or repair the roads ) etc etc ; this tells the players what they have to do in broad terms , but leaves the specifics up to them .
Other impacts
Players will be less cautious about taking on big jobs if they have privilege points to help them over the rough patches .
Games will become a little more swashbuckling in style as a result , but the characters will be harder to reign in with difficult skill rolls .
One final suggestion
Making chits out of heavy cardboard for privilige points lets you write the expiry date on them .
Last summer in Seattle , Starbucks opened 15th Avenue and Tea , an unbranded café featuring " small batch coffees sourced from individually owned farms " and a variety of fussy brewing methods designed to appeal to those connoisseurs who believe a cup of $ 4 coffee ought to be at least as complicated to make as a Big Mac .
Live music is provided by a small - batch indie rock piano band sourced from a tiny town in Wisconsin .
There 's an in - house " tea master , " and occasional outbreaks of poetry .
Starbucks is 39 years old now , and like a lot of 39 - year - olds , especially those who 've experienced great success in their salad years but are beginning to wonder if they 've lost their touch , it 's having a bit of an identity crisis .
In 2008 , Starbucks closed 661 under- performing locations .
In 2009 it shuttered an additional 300 stores and laid off 6,700 employees .
In an attempt to position itself against newer , hipper rivals , the company started talking up its " heritage . "
It resurrected a less polished version of its logo for use in certain branding situations .
Presumably , its coffee is still brewed from coffee beans , but everything else in its new stores seems to have made a radical career switch .
The bar at a London Starbucks is upholstered with scraps from an Italian shoe factory .
The countertop at the Paris Starbucks is made out of recycled cell phones .
For all their ostensible authenticity , such adventures in interior design cannot match the truly radical act of installing espresso machines in bank lobbies .
Like Seattle 's other great cultural export from the early 1990s , Nirvana , Starbucks has always been most vital , most interesting , most revolutionary when at its most commercial .
Granted , not everyone thinks of the chain as radical .
Take Bryant Simon , a historian at Temple University .
In his 2009 meditation on Starbucks , Everything But the Coffee , he offers the usual critiques of the company .
It says it sells coffee , but it does n't .
It says it 's a venue for conversation and civic discourse , but it is n't .
It sells overpriced coffee - like beverages and a safe , predictable , environment .
It preys on needy , status - seeking consumers by offering them clean bathrooms , innovative products , and a soothing ambiance in myriad convenient locations .
For Simon , Starbucks was designed to be an exclusive , elitist institution :
When CEO Howard Schultz began adding locations in the late 1980s , he " made sure to put his stores in the direct path of lawyers and doctors , artists on trust funds and writers with day jobs as junk bond traders . "
If you 're thinking to yourself , damn , that 's totally unfair to writers with day jobs as unemployed writers , well , yes , that was Schultz 's evil scheme !
He wanted to introduce fancy coffee to people who were n't already drinking fancy coffee .
So , Simon reports , " unlike an owner of one of the beat coffee shops in the 1950s , he did n't set up in transitional neighborhoods or fringe places like , for instance , Chicago 's neobohemian Wicker Park . "
In the late 1980s , of course , there were n't many cafés serving high - quality coffee anywhere .
Coffee consumption per capita was at its lowest point since 1962 , soft drinks had recently surpassed hot caffeine as the nation 's favorite beverage , and Coke was in the midst of a campaign advertising its utility as a breakfast drink .
The few cafés that were selling espressos and capuccinos , however , were located precisely in places like Wicker Park .
In choosing to locate his outlets in busy downtown locations , Schultz was expanding the world of high - end coffee — diversifying it , in fact , by taking it beyond its insular , self - conscious subculture .
The décor of his stores amplified this process .
They had the clean and slick streamlining of a fast food restaurant but were more comfortably appointed .
Instead of walls lined with old books , there were gleaming espresso machines for sale , packages of whole beans , ceramic cups .
They felt a little like a Williams - Sonoma store crossed with an unusually tasteful airport lounge .
They were cafés for people who would never set foot in a bohemian coffeehouse , people traditional coffeehouse entrepreneurs had completely ignored .
For less than the price of a Whopper , you could hang out in a sophisticated middlebrow lounge / office for hours on end .
And they were popping up everywhere .
Exclusive , elitist ?
Starbucks was exactly the opposite , introducing millions of people who did n't know their arabica from their robusto to the pleasures of double espressos .
Finally , good coffee had been liberated from the proprietary clutches of hipsters , campus intellectuals , and proto - foodies and shared with bank managers and real estate agents .
In offices across America , it suddenly smelled like ' ffeine spirit .
For Schultz , this mainstream customer base was both a boon and a curse .
In Pour Your Heart Into It , his 1997 account of Starbucks ' rise to global behemoth , he reveals a preoccupation with authenticity that echoed Kurt Cobain's .
In 1989 , he initially balked at providing non -fat milk for customers — it was n't how the Italians did it .
When word trickled up to him that rival stores in Santa Monica were doing big business in the summer months selling blended iced coffee drinks , he initially dismissed the idea as something that " sounded more like a fast - food shake than something a true coffee lover would enjoy . "
Eventually , Schultz relented .
And really , what greater punk - rock middle finger is there to purist prescriptions about what constitutes a true coffee drink than a blended ice beverage flavored with Pumpkin Spice powder ?
Simon recounts the birth of the Frappuccino in Everything But the Coffee too , but while he acknowledges the grassroots origins , he quickly positions it as an item the chain is " pushing " on " caffeine - dependent women and men . "
In his estimation , the company 's " consumer persuaders " and " mythmakers " are the ones with real power .
They 're constantly selling false promises , implanting " subliminal messages " in store décor , and otherwise manipulating hapless consumers .
In reality , the chain 's customers have played a substantial role in determining the Starbucks experience .
They asked for non -fat milk , and they got it .
They asked for Frappuccino , and they got it .
What they have n't been so interested in is Starbucks ' efforts to carry on the European coffeehouse tradition of creative interaction and spirited public discourse .
Over the years , Starbucks has tried various ways to foster an intellectual environment .
In 1996 it tried selling a paper version of Slate and failed .
In 1999 it introduced its own magazine , Joe .
" Life is interesting .
Discuss , " its tagline encouraged , but whatever discussions Joe prompted could sustain only three issues .
In 2000 Starbucks opened Circadia , an upscale venue in San Francisco that Fortune described as an attempt to " resurrect the feel of the 1960s coffee shops of Greenwich Village . "
The poetry readings did n't work because customers were n't sure if they were allowed to chat during the proceedings .
The majority of Starbucks patrons , it seems , are happy to leave the European coffeehouse tradition to other retailers .
At 15th Avenue and Tea , the quest to cultivate highbrow customers continues .
There 's a wall covered with excerpts from Plato 's dialogues .
Blended drinks are banned from the premises , and you can safely assume that Bearista Bears , the highly sought - after plush toys that Starbucks has been selling since 1997 , wo n't ever appear here either .
But if Starbucks really hopes to re-establish its authority as an innovative , forward - thinking trailblazer , it should perhaps use its next experimental venue to honor its heritage as the first chain to take gourmet coffee culture beyond the narrow boundaries of traditional coffeehouse values and aesthetics .
Imagine a place with matching chairs , clean tables , beverages that look like ice cream sundaes , Norah Jones on the sound system , and absolutely no horrid paintings from local artists decorating the walls .
A place , that is , exactly like Starbucks !
Because despite its ubiquity , despite its advancing years , Starbucks is still the most radical thing to hit the coffeehouse universe in the last 50 years .
Contributing Editor Greg Beato ( gbeato@soundbitten.com ) writes from San Francisco .
Arnold Kling recently wrote that the problem with liberaltarianism is that generally speaking , and especially right now , technocratic Harvard liberals are primarily concerned with , and irrevocably committed to , expert control over the economy .
Will Wilkinson writes in reply :
But the Harvard narrative is gauche .
People can learn to have better taste if someone shows them how .
More generally , you ca n’t expect a way of thinking to become popular with the elite if you concede from the outset that it appeals primarily to losers .
Anyway , yes , high school never ends .
Actually , I ’d say that the real problem with liberaltarianism [ ] is precisely the expectation that the point is to make libertarian thinking popular with the elite .
Which strikes me as neither likely nor especially desirable .
The elite generally are n’t in the market for significant alternatives to the political status quo ; why would they be ?
Under the status quo , they ’re already the elite .
They do n’t need or want another world to be possible ; they ’ve already got one of those .
But losers have have no real stake in maintaining the existing relations of political power .
And if the existing political - economic arrangements are marked by statist exploitation , injustice , and petty tyranny , then it ’s the losers who benefit most from the repeal of unjust laws and from movement towards a freer society .
When that ’s the case , if your ideas do n’t appeal primarily to losers , you ’re doing it wrong .
Losers , unlike elites , have little more to lose , and plenty to gain .
( Incidentally , if you think that my speaking against elites and in praise of losers amounts to opting for Tea Partisans over Harvard liberals , then I ’d like to suggest that you have an awfully constrained notion of the available alternatives .
And have probably lost sight of how the American system of socioeconomic status actually works , by confusing it with the idiotic shouting match commonly dignified as American electoral politics .
What I ’m after is hardly belligerent Republican dudes posing as the scrappy underdogs .
It ’s pro-immigrant , pro-worker , libertarian Leftism , with a special emphasis on solidarity with the people who are the most criminalized , the most marginalized , the most exploited and oppressed . )
All power to the people .
See also :
Michelangelo's
God gave birth to the heavens in the Sistine Chapel 's " Creation of the Sun and Moon . "
Alabama head football coach Nick Saban led the Crimson Tide to its 13th national championship .
In Alabama , Saban has more Facebook fans than God , according to Fan Page Analytics , an independent , automated analysis by Los Angeles computer programmer Pete Warden that ranks fan page popularity by city , state and country .
( Birmingham News file ) Michelangelo's
God gave birth to the heavens in the Sistine Chapel 's " Creation of the Sun and Moon . "
Alabama head football coach Nick Saban led the Crimson Tide to its 13th national championship .
In Alabama , Saban has more Facebook fans than God , according to Fan Page Analytics , an independent , automated analysis by Los Angeles computer programmer Pete Warden that ranks fan page popularity by city , state and country .
( Birmingham News file )
Nick Saban may not be bigger than God in Alabama , but he has more fans on Facebook .
The all - powerful football coach edged out the all - powerful deity to claim the top spot in a ranking of Facebook fan page membership in the state .
The omnipotent one -- God , not Saban -- did manage to finish ahead of Starbucks , Rick and Bubba and Chick - fil - A .
The Fan Page Analytics ranking is part of an independent , automated analysis of fan pages on the popular social networking site .
Created by a Boulder , Colo. , computer programmer , the new system ranks fan page popularity by city , state and country and shows how Facebook users connect with people around the world .
The programmer behind the analysis , Pete Warden , said Friday that the concept of " fanning , " or joining what amount to online fan clubs , is just more common in sports than in faith , " so I 'm not too surprised that coaches beat out God . "
But in his blog he noted that God is " almost always in the top spot " in the South , with some exceptions .
Oklahomans picked the Sooners first and God third , for example , and Florida favored Starbucks over the Almighty .
Urban Meyer did n't even make Florida 's list .
Stephen Jones , senior pastor at Birmingham 's Southside Baptist Church , said he was surprised to learn Saban edged out God for the top spot in Alabama .
But not terribly surprised .
" If the Blessed Virgin Mary was going to appear in a field in Alabama , and Nick Saban was going to appear , who do you think would draw the most people ? " he said .
The Crimson Tide faithful are certain to revel in the quirky ranking , but should n't get too full of themselves , Jones said .
God is certain to be angered by his second - place finish to Saban , and there will be consequences .
" Alabama fans should expect a bad year , " said Jones , a 1977 graduate of Auburn University .
Join the conversation below or e-mail Diel at sdiel@bhamnews.com .
A small ( 10 meter wide ) asteroid will pass by the Earth Wednesday , at 12:47 UT .
This tiny rock , called 2010 AL30 , will pass us at a safe distance of 130,000 km ( 80,000 miles ) .
As cosmic encounters go , this is a hair 's breadth , but in human terms it 's a long way off ; as this graphic makes clear .
It 's about a third of the way to the Moon .
2010 AL30 was only discovered on Monday .
It 's escaped our previous notice because it 's dinky .
Even when it passes you 'll need a telescope to see it .
There has been some speculation that this was a man-made object like a rocket booster , since it's about the right size , and sometimes near - Earth objects turn out to be space junk .
But in this case the orbit does n't really match any rocket trajectory , so it 's probably a natural rock .
And since I know someone would ask , if this were aimed at us , it would probably explode high up in the atmosphere and not hit the ground .
It would be quite a show , but most likely would n't do any damage on the ground ( even if it were iron , at that size it 's unlikely it would make it to the ground , and instead would tear itself to pieces on the way in ) .
And one last thing : note what I titled this post .
Now look around the web to see how other articles are titled .
Just sayin ' .
Tip o' the Whipple Shield to Mike Murray for putting that graphic together and letting me know about it .
What do you do if you want the stopping power of a shotgun , but also want the convenient of shoving said shotgun down the front ( or back ) of your pants ?
Shotgun revolver .
Boom .
Advertisement
This crazy DIY monstrosity apparently is n't the first shotgun revolver , but it is the first one authorities in Taiwan found that can shoot standard 12 - gauge rounds .
Think about that .
12 - gauge rounds in a revolver .
Advertisement
I 'm not quite sure why there 's a stamp on the side that says " Made in USA " either .
[ Liberty Times via Evreydaynodaysoff via Neatorama ]
( CNN ) --
Four years ago Liu Wen entered a modeling contest in China to win a computer to use for school .
Little did she know it would lead her to the Victoria 's Secret runway in New York .
Wen , who will appear in the Victoria 's Secret fashion show airing Tuesday on CBS , will be the first Victoria 's Secret model of Asian descent to walk the catwalk , the company said .
" I was surprised when my agent told me , " Wen said hours before she was set to walk the runway .
She seemed only slightly overwhelmed : clad in a pink robe , one technician assigned to her fingernails , another to her toenails and another adding extensions to her already long black hair .
" I asked my agent if she was joking .
I did n't think an Asian girl would get this job . "
Victoria 's Secret plucked Wen , 21 , out of a regular model casting call .
" Liu Wen is a beautiful woman .
She has a strong and energetic presence on the runway .
She looked absolutely stunning in our fashion show , " said the show 's executive producer , Monica Mitro .
At 5 - foot - 10 , Wen said she towered over her classmates in China .
The newest addition to the Victoria 's Secret family was born in Yongzhou in China 's Hunan province in 1988 , the daughter of an interior designer dad and a stay - at - home mom .
She was in high school when , on a whim , she submitted photos for a modeling contest , hoping to win the top prize of a laptop computer .
" I was studying to be a teacher in China and my friend was entering a modeling contest , " she said .
" The prize was a computer , and I needed a computer for school .
So I entered the contest , too , and then I won . "
Her family and friends , including the one who originally had the idea to enter the contest , were shocked .
" My friends were all surprised , " she said .
" They were all like , ' sure , you 're pretty . ' "
Soon Wen had moved from Yongzhou to the Chinese capital of Beijing , where she appeared on the covers of Chinese editions of FHM and Marie Claire , as well as in editorials for Chinese Vogue .
In 2008 she landed on the cover of Chinese Elle alongside fellow rising star Emma Pei .
Wen made her runway debut in Milan , Italy , in 2008 , followed quickly by Paris , France , and New York fashion weeks where she walked in such shows as Anna Sui , Dolce & Gabbana , Alexander McQueen , Chloé and Lanvin .
Although her walk down the runway will be a first for Victoria 's Secret , Wen is part of a growing trend for Asian models worldwide that began several years ago with Devon Aoki .
The past few seasons of fashion shows have featured Asian models on almost every high - end runway .
" I talk to my mom in China every day when I am traveling .
My family is always excited to hear about the top designers I am meeting and the clothes I get to wear , " Wen said .
She said was familiar with the Victoria 's Secret show , though being on the inside was something new .
" Of course I had seen the show on television .
I watched it every year , " Wen said .
" But it was so different when I got here and got to meet the other girls .
I got to meet Heidi Klum for the first time after I had known about her for so long .
And she was so nice . "
Wen thinks she may try her hand at acting when she has gotten over the modeling bug , but she said she would be just as happy returning to China to be a teacher like she originally planned .
" In the classroom everyone respects the teacher .
The teacher has all the control and has the ability to shape all of her students ' lives , " Wen said .
" But for now modeling is such great fun .
I 'm still trying out new sexy faces . "
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
January 27 , 2010
Rep. Darrell Issa , ranking member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , has the goods on Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner .
Earlier this month , Issa received emails proving without a shadow of a doubt that the New York Fed under Geithner ’s leadership withheld documents and delayed disclosures on AIG ’s swindle operation with Goldman Sachs , Deutsche Bank , and other international bankster criminal organizations .
Russia Today report on Geithnergate .
“ The New York Fed took over negotiations between AIG and the banks in November 2008 as losses on the swaps , which were contracts tied to subprime home loans , threatened to swamp the insurer weeks after its taxpayer - funded rescue .
The regulator decided that Goldman Sachs and more than a dozen banks would be fully repaid for $ 62.1 billion of the swaps , prompting lawmakers to call the AIG rescue a ‘ backdoor bailout ’ of financial firms , ” Bloomberg reported on January 7 .
Using
Fed secured taxpayer bailout money , AIG paid several banks 100 percent of the face value of credit - default swaps , as other financial institutions were negotiating deep discounts for the unregulated paper assets that do not have to be backed by cash .
“ It appears that the New York Fed deliberately pressured AIG to restrict and delay the disclosure of important information , ” said Issa at the time .
Taxpayers “ deserve full and complete disclosure under our nation ’s securities laws , not the withholding of politically inconvenient information . ”
Treasury spokeswoman Meg Reilly said Geithner knew nothing .
He was recused from the criminal operation to steal billions and fork it over to Goldman and the banksters .
If you believe the head of the New York Fed was out of the loop on this scam I have a bridge to sell you .
Darrell Issa does n’t buy it either .
“ If you were recused , where is the document , what were you recused from ? ” Issa told Bloomberg earlier today .
“ You did n’t stop going to the office , so your recusal seems to be after the fact and undescribed . ”
[ efoods ]
Geithner is on the hot seat today about his role in the $ 182.3 billion heist .
Issa warns that Geithner will attempt to weasel out of complicity by citing the undocumented recusal .
“ He is going to be able to say , ‘ I was recused from what I did n’t want to know about , ’ or , let me rephrase that , ‘ what I did n’t want my fingerprints on , ’ ” Issa said .
The bankster bailout will ultimately cost the American people ( and their children and their children ’s children ) trillions .
“ The amount of US taxpayer money committed to bailouts over the last 12 months by far exceeds the combined cost of major historical events dating back over 200 years , ” writes Steve Watson .
“ The combined amount spent , lent , consumed , borrowed , printed , guaranteed , assumed or otherwise committed to bailouts by the government from March 2008 to March 2009 amounts to some $ 15 TRILLION . ”
The cost of World War Two , the race to the moon , the New Deal , and the Iraq , Vietnam and Korean wars combined does not come close to the amount spent so far in just 12 months on the bailout of a handful of privately owned offshore corporations , Watson notes .
All of this debt into perpetuity has a purpose beyond making a gaggle of banksters rich beyond their wildest dreams .
It is designed to crash the world economy and take down the middle class in the United States .
It is designed to sell your children into bondage to the banksters .
It is part of a plan to impose martial law and a high - tech control grid in response to unfolding social and political chaos directly related to the economic implosion .
The global elite are now demanding world government in response to the manufactured crisis unleashed by the Federal Reserve with the complicity of Geithner , Hank Paulson , Ben Bernanke and their partners in crime at Goldman Sachs et al .
It remains to be seen if Tim Geithner will be exposed and ultimately arrested , forced to do the perp walk in an orange jumpsuit , and slapped in prison for grand larceny of such a magnitude it staggers the imagination .
Earlier this month Judge Andrew Napolitano explained why Geithner should go to prison .
Alex Jones ran down Geithner ’s criminality on January 11 , 2010 .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
On Fox News Sunday this morning , anchor Brit Hume dispensed some advice to embattled golfer Tiger Woods that ’s sure to touch off a firestorm of controversy , suggesting that Woods would be better off forsaking Buddhism for the more “ redemptive ” and “ forgiving ” Christianity .
Was Hume out of line , or was he just being a good friend to Tiger ?
Jayne from Firefly agrees with him !
Here ’s the clip , which is already the hottest thing on Twitter :
Transcript : ( emphasis mine )
Tiger Woods will recover as a golfer .
Whether he can recover as a person , I think is a very open question , and it ’s a tragic situation with him .
He ’s lost his family , it ’s not clear to me whether he ’ll be able to have a relationship with his children , but the Tiger Woods that emerges once the news value dies out of this scandal , the extgent to which he can recover , it seems to me , depends on his faith .
He ’s said to be a Buddhist , I do n’t think that faith offers the kind of forgiveness and redemption that is offered by the Christian faith , so my message to Tiger would be “ Tiger , turn to the Christian faith , and you can make a total recovery and be a great example to the world .
Good for Hume , I say .
I ’ve been wanting to tell Tiger to try agnosticism , but I just was n’t sure .
I was going to suggest nihilism , but I did n’t really believe it .
On its face , Hume ’s remarks do seem to suggest that Christianity is superior to Buddhism , and the idea that someone should abandon their own faith for yours does reek of arrogance .
Those who are offended by Hume ’s remarks are n’t out in left field somewhere .
As I asked Adam Baldwin , whose Twitter feed first alerted me to the clip , “ Would you applaud if someone advised John Ensign or Mark Sanford to ditch Christianity ? ”
I do n’t know Baldwin well enough to know how he would respond , but I ’d lay good money that even casual Christia ns would be offended by such a proposition .
It ’s one thing to extoll the virtues of your own faith , but quite another to denigrate someone else’s .
If you look at the context of Hume ’s remarks , it seems that he views religion as a menu comparison .
Sure , Buddhism ’s great for achieving inner peace , but Christianity ’s got that redemption thing to fall back on .
Hume ’s advice does n’t hinge on the relative truth of either religion , but rather the services it can offer a horndog golfer .
What I find comical about Hume ’s entreaty is the notion that Buddhism is the problem , and not Tiger ’s flawed humanity .
If Tiger had been practicing Buddhism , he would n’t have wanted all that sex in the first place .
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
Rep. Pete Hoekstra ( R - MI ) was widely condemned by liberals last week after he sent out a fundraising letter which used the failed Christmas Day airplane bombing to promote his campaign for governor of Michigan .
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich has come in for his share of criticism as well since he uncritically endorsed Hoekstra ’s approach in an appearance on Fox News .
ADVERTISEMENT
MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann took aim against both men in a special mini-comment on Thursday which suggested that President Obama “ will have a far easier time correcting the flaws in our counter - terrorism efforts than he will have correcting the flaws in the souls of the American politicians who continue to exploit those flaws for their own insidious reasons . ”
Hoekstra had written in his fundraising letter , “ I understand the real and continuing threat radical jihadists pose to our great state of Michigan and our great Nation . …
But I need your help .
If you agree that we need a Governor who will stand up the Obama / Pelosi efforts to weaken our security please make a most generous contribution of $ 25 , $ 50 , $ 100 or even $ 250 to my campaign . ”
Gingrich had nothing but praise for Hoekstra when he enthusiastically told Fox News , “ Pete really is becoming a dominant figure in the state .
I think that was part of why Lt. Governor Cherry probably dropped out .
He ’s faced with a president who clearly could n’t have defended Detroit . ”
“ Newt Gingrich has not only applauded Michigan Congressman Pete Hoekstra ’s hysterical holier - than - thou partisan reaction to the failed plot at Detroit , ” Olbermann noted sarcastically , “ but he has complimented Hoekstra ’s nascent campaign for governor there and actually said that the Congressman ‘ has gotten such a boost out of having been Intelligence Committee chairman now with the attempted attack on Detroit . ’
A cross-agency intel system for which then - Chairman Hoekstra had Congressional oversight failed , so he gets a boost out of it . ”
“ When will this become evident to all of you seedy politicians ? ” concluded Olbermann .
“ You cannot claim that a terrorist attack , or an attempted terrorist attack , is a boost or an advantage for anybody or anything in this country without emboldening the terrorists . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ You are personally showing a terrorist somewhere the kind of havoc he can sow in this country whether or not his bomb goes off , ” Olbermann explained .
“ You are personally instructing a terrorist somewhere on how to divide us and how to pick our leaders for us .
You are personally encouraging a terrorist somewhere to go ahead with his plans .
And any boost that any American politician gets from terrorism , he shares with that terrorist . ”
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast Jan. 7 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
What 's better than a gorgeously stunning image of a massive cluster surrounded by delicate , wispy nebulosity ?
Well , nothing , really .
Unless you can use it for SCIENCE !
[ Click to gigantisize . ]
Purty , ai n't it ?
That 's NGC 3603 , a very large star - forming region in our own Milky Way Galaxy , lying about 20,000 light years away .
It can only be seen from the southern hemisphere , which is why the European Southern Observatory folks got this image using the ginormous Very Large Telescope , an 8 - meter behemoth in Chile ( and actually , Ginormous Telescope would be a cool name ) .
Not too long ago -- no more than a million years , give or take -- a lot of the stars forming the central cluster there were born .
There are so many that they appear to overlap , but that 's an illusion due to the blurring of the image from the Earth 's atmosphere ( and the nature of light itself only allows us to make star images so small ) .
Lost in that crowd is a star designated NGC 3603 A1 , and it is the most massive star to ever have its mass directly measured .
It 's actually a binary star , two monsters locked in a gravitational dance , orbiting each other once every 3.77 days -- which right away tells you this is a special pair , possessing enough gravity to toss themselves around that rapidly .
Using simple laws of physics discovered by Kepler back in the 1600s , we can measure the masses of each star in the duo .
The heftier of the two is a whopping 116 times the mass of the Sun -- which is close to the upper limit of what a star can get to without tearing itself apart .
The more massive a star , the more luminous it is , and the surface can get so hot that any material there gets blown off ... so that sets a lid on how big a star can get .
Details vary depending on a lot of factors , but really 116 times the mass of the Sun is about as big as you 'll ever get for a star in our galaxy .
The other star in the binary is no slouch , tipping the scales at 89 solar masses .
If it were just sitting out there all by itself it would rate as a phenomenal star , too .
But its partner still wins the prize .
And how do I know those stars were born no more than a million years ago ?
Because massive stars do n't live long , and any beasts like these two live short lives indeed .
It wo n't be long before they detonate as supernovae , lighting up with a violence and fury that will make each outshine the rest of the stars in our entire galaxy combined !
Not only that , but pretty much every star you see in that cluster is of the massive and luminous classes astronomers call O and B stars , bruisers with enough oomph to explode as supernovae .
How many stars do you see in that cluster ?
Dozens ?
So think about that : each one of those will become a titanic supernova , wreaking havoc across dozens of light years , sending out blasts of light to outshine galaxies , and throwing out octillions of tons of gas .
Eventually that gas , laced with heavier elements created in the nuclear forge of the supernova blast wave itself , will slam into , merge with , and seed the surrounding gas in the nebula .
Compressed beyond its ability to sustain itself , the gas will collapse and form more stars .
Some of these may be massive ones which will again repeat the cycle , and some will have lower mass , be fainter , cooler .
They may form planets from those heavy elements .
It will be a rocky birth , given the environment , but the vagaries of orbital dynamics dictate that eventually those systems will leave the nebula and move out on their own in the Milky Way .
And a billion years from now , two , four billion , who knows what creatures may roam the surfaces of any of those worlds .
And will they see more stellar factories dotting the galaxies starscape , and wonder what their own looked like , all those eons ago ?
In Virginia 's Northern Neck , on a random Monday morning , a 6 - year - old boy drove his mother 's Ford Taurus for more than 10 miles , weaving in and out of oncoming traffic , to finally slam into a utility pole , no one got hurt .
The first - grader missed his school bus and decided to drive his mom's car to elementary school so he would n't miss breakfast and PE .
The boy 's parents were arrested and charged with felony child endangerment .
The boy was not particularly tall for his age and was " possibly standing " while driving the Taurus .
He had an idea about how to start , propel and steer the car from playing video games .
Once he got going , the boy navigated his way along Route 200 ( Dupont Highway ) , across a bridge spanning the Great Wicomico River and then turned west on Northumberland Highway , which is about 140 miles from Washington .
He made it through two intersections and was " doing a pretty great rate of speed " as he passed cars on the two - lane road while not wearing a seat belt .
Other drivers noticed .
Two people called the sheriff 's office , one called the state police and at least one motorist " shouted at him to get off the road when he came to an intersection .
The boy had gone 10.4 miles , the sheriff said , and was about a mile and a half from his school in Heathsville when he decided to cross the double line and pass again .
But this time , he saw a tractor - trailer coming toward him in the other lane .
He quickly whipped the car back into his lane , but , unlike in video games , the car swerved out of control , skidded into an embankment and then struck a utility pole on the rear passenger side .
The force of the impact cracked a wooden beam on top of the utility pole .
The Taurus was severely damaged .
For three days at the headquarters of INCES [ the National Institute of Socialist Education and Training ] in La Azulita , Merida state , workshops were held on political education , music production , screening of documentaries ( provided by the National Film Archive ) , group discussions and the creation of the definitive curriculum of the urban art schools , whose classes began over this period .
During the meeting a joint statement was drafted which we reproduce below :
Hip Hop is one expression of the creative power of the people .
It is a culture that originally emerged from conditions of poverty , in the most neglected , marginalized and oppressed sectors of society .
We view ourselves as a resistance movement that confronts capitalism and its system of domination .
We view ourselves as the successors of the historical class struggle that led our people to their first nation - wide rebellion in 1814 , the first act of genuine rebellion of an insurgent people who spilled into the streets to destroy the society that screws us .
As a tiny part of the people , we do not view our movement as a form of isolated struggle , we recognize our origins and we join with the collective construction of our neighborhoods and communities for a fully just society .
We realize that the struggle of our movement begins within ourselves ; we must try to destroy our individualities and understand that alone no progress is possible .
Our culture is collective from its roots , for this reason we look beyond the four elements of our movement , we view our cultural creation as an act of freedom that can neither be bought nor sold , traded nor negotiated ; it is simply for living and building .
Part of the commitment of our movement is to achieve horizontal organization ; we rule out competition between partners and brothers , the proposal is to be inclusive , to convey the message to the people , our people .
We base our knowledge on experience and invention , producing and generating spaces of thought and discussion , pointing inward toward the internal , inviting our people to investigate , discuss , activate and collectivize , making art , inclusive art , that is born of the people , that is not seen in museums , that they still do not want to show , the art of collectively creating with words , painting , the body , sounds and the spirit .
We believe in collective discussion and construction , because " knowledge " and the so - called " intellectuals " and " middle class thinking " have screwed over the world .
We choose and identify with the " uneducated " people , with their unwritten words , with their unstudied knowledge , with their unanswered questions , with their hunger without food , their homes without a home .
We are committed to the transfer of knowledge and action to the older and younger generations .
Our shared project of the popular urban art school is an option we propose as a grain of sand towards new thinking and the construction of a new society , where neither race nor gender nor religion , nor training are separated , but are amalgamated into one piece , in one territory and in permanent construction .
Committed and activated ,
Epatu , Activate .
Translated by Kiraz Janicke for Venezuelanalysis.com
From The Times : Britain 's recession the steepest for 88 years
Britain 's economy fell last year at the sharpest rate since 1921 , despite hopes that it finally emerged from recession in the last three months of the year , according to a respected economics forecaster .
The National Institute of Economic and Social Research ( NIESR ) said today that its latest estimate showed that GDP rose by a modest 0.3 per cent in the final three months of 2009 compared with the third quarter .
That means that , for the year as a whole , the economy contracted by 4.8 per cent , a bigger fall than in any year of the Great Depression and the biggest contraction for 88 years .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
The German economy shrank in 2009 for the first time in six years .
With – 5.0 % , the decline in the price - adjusted gross domestic product ( GDP ) was larger than ever since World War II .
This is shown by first calculations of the Federal Statistical Office ( Destatis ) .
The economic slump occurred mainly in the winter half - year of 2008 / 2009 .
Over the year , there were signs that the economic development would slightly stabilise on the new , lower level .
Wow .
The largest one year decline since 1921 .
Of course , during the Depression , there were a number of bad years in a row .
And from Statistischen Bundesamtes Deutschland : Germany experiencing serious recession in 2009 ( ht Uwe )
From The Nation ( but : do not take this as an endorsement of Martha Coakley — some of us voted against her in the primaries ) :
William Greider | December 10 , 2009
The Democratic party brushed aside the question of usury last spring when Congress decided not to impose any limits on the ruinous interest rates charged by major banks and other lenders .
But usury is now back on the table , put in play by Metro IAF , an alliance of two dozen faith - based community organizations affiliated nationwide with the Industrial Areas Foundation .
These politically savvy community groups draw their members from diverse religions and across the usual divisions of race and class .
They are staging face - to - face “ actions ” to confront bankers and politicians around the country with a blunt moral message .
Usury is a sin , Judaism , Christianity and Islam agree , and must be stopped .
This demand is expressed in their slogan : “ Ten Percent Is Enough . ”
The campaign seeks a legal ceiling of ten percent imposed on the interest rates for credit cards and predatory practices like “ payday loans . ”
Ten percent approximates the old ceiling on interest rates before 1980 , when deregulation repealed the federal law against usury .
Ten percent is also the tithe religious adherents give to their churches .
As one IAF campaigner put it , “ If 10 percent is good enough for God , it should be enough for the bankers . ”
The anti-usury initiative was launched in mid-summer , from Boston to North Carolina , from New York City to the Midwest , and has already produced some startling results .
In Massachusetts , the leading candidate for Ted Kennedy ’s old Senate seat , Attorney General Martha Coakley , answered “ yes , yes , yes , yes ” to the demands expressed by the Greater Boston Interfaith Organization , when 800 of its members turned out to address the candidates .
Rep. Louise Slaughter of New York heard about the anti-usury actions and contacted the organizers to say she is introducing a bill to cap interest rates at 16 percent .
Slaughter evidently changed her mind about usury .
Last spring , as chair of the powerful House Rules committee , Slaughter blocked similar measures and would not even allow a floor vote on the issue .
Many Democrats want to avoid a roll call on usury because it will compel them choose between their constituents and the bankers .
The most startling development for the anti-usury campaign is the endorsement from the CEO of Citigroup , Vikram Pandit .
Like other leading banks , Citi has been kicking up its credit - card rates as high as 30 percent , even as Citi is kept afloat with billions from the taxpayers .
Nonetheless , Pandit told editorial writers at the Boston Globe he would support a legal ceiling on interest rates if it is applied industry - wide .
“ We ’re completely in support of having a rational rate structure . ” Pandit said .
The Citigroup executive did not endorse a specific ceiling , but cited the example of the 10 percent credit cards his bank introduced several years ago , believing other banks would follow and lower their rates too ( when they did n’t , Citi lost money in the venture ) .
The Globe ’s exchange with Pandit was most likely inspired by news stories about the anti-usury actions in Boston .
Pandit made the telling observation that sky - high interest rates are among the impediments to ending the recession .
If interest rates are curbed , he explained , banks would likely defend profitability by reducing the available credit and some high - risk borrowers would doubtless be cut off ( the banking industry is already pursuing this strategy ) .
However , Pandit added , a dramatic reduction in rates would help deeply indebted families recover their purchasing power .
“ I do n’t disagree , ” he said , “ with the notion that having high rates in this environment is not conducive to driving economic recovery . ”
This insight could be important for transforming the debate on economic recovery .
Instead of attending intensely to the profitability of banks , government should concentrate on helping consumers overcome the lack of sufficient demand .
Democrats could argue that restoring prudent controls on the terms of credit is actually an an important way to stimulate growth .
Usury is immoral , but it is also bad economics .
The anti-usury campaigners learned additional insights from Citigroup when they met with John P. Carey , chief administrative officer for the bank ’s credit - card business .
Carey told them a cap on interest rates is plausible if it is designed to be flexible in adverse conditions .
He suggested it could be indexed to inflation and other factors like unemployment levels so creditors could maintain an “ appropriate rate of return ” and not be compelled to shrink credit availability .
Flexibility might have saved the old system of interest - rate controls from repeal .
Inflation was rising in the 1970s and creditors rightly complained that their “ real return ” on lending was getting smaller , even turning negative when the rate of inflation exceeded the nominal interest rate .
Instead of making sensible adjustments , Congress abolished all limits .
The result today is an economy and financial system drenched in usurious practices –banks that profit by destroying the borrowers .
IAF organizations do politics very differently from Washington and are seen as quaintly old - fashioned alongside the modern politics of mass communications .
These community activists still make “ house calls . ”
Their agenda is derived from the experiences of ordinary people , not policy experts , much as old - time political machines used to do .
Players in Washington believe they are close to completing financial reform .
IAF members believe the politics of financial reform is just getting started .
It may take several years to build momentum from the ground up for what people would recognize as true reform .
But the organizers are opening new fronts of influence , asking local governments , churches and foundations why they deposit their money with banks that practice usury .
Metro IAF ’s campaign has one large advantage over established politics : ordinary people already understand the meaning of usury .
They know it is wrong .
They are eager to talk about their experiences with it .
For contrast , ask any elected representative ( or economist , for that matter ) what they think about usury .
If they agree is wrong , do they intend to do anything about it ?
Share this : Email
Google
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
Print
Posted on February 13 , 2010 at 5:17 pm in Comic 1 .
Follow responses to this post with the comments feed
I keep hearing that “ he does n’t represent the Christian faith , ” but he does .
So does Rick Warren with his bigoted stance against gay rights .
So does James Dobson with his views on women needing to be subservient to men .
So do Rob Bell and Brian McLaren and Shane Claiborne and other , more progressive Christians you ’ve probably never heard of .
They all have their own opinions and people who do n’t like them all say they do n’t represent Christianity .
Even though they all do .
Pat Robertson is not only a Christian but a highly influential leader among conservative evangelical Christians .
Pat Robertson has a long history of making this sort of claim , most of which have only contributed to his influence and resulted in little blowback from mainstream Christians .
Atheists have consistently taken the lead in calling Robertson and other Christian extremists out for their hateful statements .
I understand that many Christians are reluctant to admit that Pat Robertson and others like him speak for them , but this does not change the fact that he does indeed speak for them .
The atheist blogosphere has been buzzing lately over the reprehensible comments Christian extremistmade about Haiti .
That Robertson said something stupid and offensive should not surprise anyone .
I think we 're used to both by now .
What has been somewhat more surprising are the negative reactions coming from some in the Christian community .
While some lunatics have actually agreed with Robertson , other Christians have provided more reasonable condemnations .
With one important exception , I find this an encouraging development .
The exception involves those who are condemning Robertson by claiming that he is not a " real Christian . " ( Friendly Atheist ) really hit it out of the park when he wrote Pat Robertson founded the Christian Coalition .
He is a Christian , a conservative evangelical Christian .
He is widely recognized as a spokesperson for this evangelical fundamentalist form of Christianity and admired by those who watch hison TV .
Representatives of Robertson ' sare now in damage control mode , insisting , " Dr. Robertson never stated that the earthquake was God 's wrath . "
But Robertson 's history of making this claim complicates their efforts .
He blamed Ariel Sharon 's stroke , Hurricane Katrina , and 9/11 on his god .
If he really did not mean to suggest that the Haitian earthquake was also due to the wrath of his god , this would be the first time he had not made such a claim .
( Pharyngula ) is right that our priority should be on helping the people of Haiti ( you can find links to some worthwhile organizations here ) .
However , I think that it is important to make sure that the growing outrage against Robertson produce meaningful results as well .
This is a " teachable moment " on the subject of Christian extremism .
Here is what we need to remember :
For taxpayers who are frustrated and angry over the glacial pace of school improvement , it ’s easy to understand the appeal of the Obama administration ’s Race to the Top initiative .
Patience , after all , has its limits .
But distribution of $ 4.5 billion in discretionary funding to schools that qualify will not improve educational quality for all children .
This assessment is based largely on the emphasis given to competition as the centerpiece in creating successful schools .
A slew of recent commentary articles have argued that , because competition brings out the best performance in athletics and business , it should raise the quality of public education , too .
Only by being patient with charter schools and by offering performance pay for teachers as the embodiment of competition can reform ever become a reality .
But since US education is at a crossroads , it ’s imperative to take a close look at the assertion that competition would boost performance .
The trouble is enthusiasm for both charter schools and performance pay runs far ahead of any compelling data that indicates their merit .
The most recent data came in September , when economist Margaret Raymond of Stanford University released the results of her study of charter schools in 15 states and the District of Columbia .
She found that 37 percent of charter schools posted worse standardized test scores than comparable traditional schools , 46 percent did about the same , and only 17 percent were superior .
Ms. Raymond concluded that “ this study reveals in unmistakable terms that , in the aggregate , charter students are not faring as well as their traditional public school counterparts . ”
In fact , according to the data , regular public school students have almost always out performed charter schools .
In 2007 , for example , charter students scored the same as their peers in regular public schools in eighth - grade reading .
This led Education
Week to report that “ The latest data do not bolster the early hopes of charter advocates that the sector as a whole would significantly outperform regular public schools . ”
Because the Raymond study is the largest study of charter schools so far , it offers hard data to help taxpayers judge the merits of expanding the movement .
For states that have caps on the number of charter schools allowed , the Raymond study could be a decisive factor , since charter schools are publicly funded but free of many state regulations .
To be sure , there are aberrations .
One such anomaly was the result of a study by Caroline Hoxby of Stanford University that came on the heels of the Raymond investigation .
Ms. Hoxby found that disadvantaged students who attended charter schools in New York City for nine years closed the socioeconomic gap between the affluent suburb of Scarsdale and the impoverished section of New York City – what she termed the “ Scarsdale - Harlem achievement gap . ”
But Hoxby did not say how many students completed the nine years in a charter school .
This omission raised eyebrows because New York City had only about a dozen small charter schools in 2000 when the study began .
Performance pay for teachers has not fared any better .
In the 2005 - 06 school year , Texas introduced a merit pay plan for teachers .
It offered $ 100 million in bonuses at 1,150 schools if teachers raised their students ’ test scores .
But in May 2009 , the Texas Educator Excellence Grant was quietly retired after getting lackluster results , even though payments to teachers were based overwhelmingly on the test scores of their students .
These examples reinforce the overall finding of the National Center on Performance Incentives at Vanderbilt University .
It reported no conclusive data on the power of financial awards to promote more effective teaching and elevate student performance , nor on the long - term effect of performance awards on the supply of effective teachers .
Teachers are not motivated by the same factors that shape the behavior of those in business .
In Texas , for example , more than three - fourths of teachers eligible for performance pay said the bonuses had no effect on the way they taught .
Moreover , nearly half of new teachers who leave the profession within the first five years consistently have reported that salaries were not the No. 1 factor in their departure .
They quit because of frustration over not being able to teach the way they were trained .
Sign - up incentives and so - called combat pay have not proved effective in inducing a critical mass of teachers to teach and remain in the inner cities and rural areas where they are needed the most .
Despite the headlines of a bump in teachers due to the job market , those who have sought shelter from the current recession by teaching are likely to leave the profession once the economy recovers .
The best empirical evidence raises sharp questions about relying on charter schools and merit pay as the principal means of remedying the country ’s educational ills .
Yet the Obama administration seems to ignore it .
If Obama were the pragmatic president he claims to be , he would realize that schools by themselves cannot possibly heal the education system .
The goal of a healthier education system can be achieved only by the implementation of economic and social reforms aimed at narrowing the differences in the backgrounds of children whom schools serve .
Whether we have the will to take the unprecedented steps necessary , however , is entirely another matter .
Walt Gardner taught for 28 years in the Los Angeles Unified School District and was a lecturer in the UCLA Graduate School of Education .
---
Did this essay make you think ?
Tell us about it on facebook !
After adjusting for inflation , average U.S. weekly earnings fell by 1.6 % in 2009 , which was the worst gap between wages and inflation since 1990 .
This happened as consumer prices shot up 2.7 % during the year .
Even core inflation , which excludes food and energy since their prices can bounce around , rose 1.8 % .
Overall , this level of inflation is considered tame by economic standards , but it would have actually been far lower , or even negative ( deflation ) had the Federal Reserve not stepped in to boost liquidity in the financial system and slashed interest rates to near - zero .
While inflation was the lesser evil in Ben Bernanke 's economic calculus ( whereby he has been trying to stave off ' recession - inducing ' deflation ) , even minor amounts hurt when wage growth is weak .
Aware of this , he probably preferred this problem over the damaging effects of a potentially deeper recession .
Nevertheless , it 's still shocking to see how inflation - adjusted wages ( In constant dollars ) have deteriorated over the course of 2009 :
Read the Bureau of Labor Statistics release here >
The Memphis Grizzlies quickly parted ways with Iverson .
The Houston Rockets are trying to trade McGrady .
Maybe the players can swap stories of their rocky roads while covering each other at the All - Star Game .
" I like the fact that the fans get the opportunity to vote and pick who they 'd like to see in the All - Star Game , but I do n't think it should be 100 percent , " Allen said this week .
The nine - time All - Star said the fan voting has made the game " watered down " and called for a change in the process .
Allen said fans should have 50 percent of the vote , with the other 50 percent being divided evenly between the media and the players .
He said players know who is playing the best , and believes with his idea , " you 'd look at five guys starting the All - Star team regardless of hype or highlight . "
The NBA likes things the way they are .
" We look at it as a great way to engage the fans , " NBA spokesman Brian McIntyre said .
" We think it 's a good system . "
The NBA went to fan voting for the starters in the mid-70s , and this season made it even more available to its fans by allowing them to vote by text messaging .
Are laws against treason still relevant or useful ?
By Chris Bowlby
Analysis , BBC Radio 4
There have been calls for the UK 's treason laws to be used against radical Muslim groups such as Islam4UK in response to their protests about the British army 's campaign in Afghanistan .
But how relevant is legislation which dates back to the 14th century ?
Should Anjem Choudary from banned group Islam4UK be branded a traitor ?
Islam4UK proposed to demonstrate against the war at Wootton Bassett , where locals pay tribute to British soldiers whose bodies are brought home .
The organisation 's plan was greeted with outrage , with some claiming it could be considered to give " aid and comfort " to Britain 's enemies , one of the definitions of treason .
The treason laws are among our oldest , and most symbolic legislation .
And prosecution and punishment for treason was once one of the most powerful actions the British authorities could take .
But Islam4UK was subsequently banned under modern anti-terrorism legislation .
And former Lord Chancellor Charles Falconer argues that " total loyalty to the state is now no longer required by the state of its citizens " .
So is treason an outmoded concept ?
Originally medieval , the laws condemning those who " compass or imagine the death of our Lord the King " or " levy war against the Lord the King in his realm " remain on the statute book today .
But they have barely been used since William Joyce - " Lord Haw Haw " - was hanged for treason in 1946 after broadcasting for the Nazis .
' Patriotic feeling '
So could they still be used to prosecute in Britain ?
There is in fact a fascinating debate at the top levels of law and politics in Britain and beyond - about using treason law .
Adam Gadahn urged militants to bomb George W Bush in an al - Qaeda video
In the US it has already happened .
In 2006 Adam Gadahn , who had appeared in al - Qaeda propaganda , was charged with treason .
He became the first US citizen to be charged with treason since the Second World War .
American legal scholar Kristen Eichensehr says the mood in the US after 9/11 helped make this possible .
" I think what 's different about treason is the very fundamental betrayal that underlies it .
It 's something that has resonance not just at the state level , but something in people 's individual lives . "
Is there a similar mood in Britain ?
Anjem Choudary , who led the calls for the Wootton Bassett protest by the now - banned Islam4UK , says " there is a very strong patriotic feeling among the British " .
Talk of treason , he argues , tries " to bond people together in times of war " , and is used " in order to silence people " who disagree with British foreign policy .
' Unhelpful signal '
But Lord Falconer says modern ideas of individual rights and allegiance now make treason hard to apply .
People might feel their strongest allegiance to be towards their religion or even , say , to an organisation like Greenpeace .
" We live , " he says , " in an era where the freedom of the individual is put above practically everything else " .
There are still some actions , such as fighting against British armed forces , where the call for treason prosecutions is especially strong .
When British citizens were reported to be joining the Taliban in 2001 , then government minister Lord Rooker was forthright : " Treason 's like an elephant on the doorstep .
You recognise it when you see it .
" And if you take up arms against your own country , your own state , whether in that state or abroad against that state 's agents , that 's an offence under the 1351 ( Treason ) Act . "
LISTEN TO THE PROGRAMME Analysis , Radio 4 , Monday 15 February at 2030 GMT and Sunday 21 February at 2130 GMT
Or listen via the BBC iPlayer Or download the podcast
But a range of more modern laws are being used to prosecute terrorism today , and it is striking that no prosecutions for treason were brought against republican terrorists during the recent conflict in Northern Ireland .
So should the old treason laws simply be repealed ?
Edward Garnier , the Tory shadow attorney general , has his own doubts about their practical use .
But he worries about the message a repeal would send .
" Would people say Parliament does n't think it 's as important as it used to be to accept that there is something which used to be called allegiance but is now called the duties of the citizen ? "
Lord Falconer thinks the laws remaining in force " probably do send an unhelpful signal " as far as individual rights and freedom of speech are concerned .
But they have been kept , he suspects , because " there is an uneasy sense that there may be something which one can't imagine which would be so offensive to the collective view of the country where treason might be of value " .
So the idea of treason is still with us , the word is still used , even if Britain has not followed the US in reviving the use of treason law .
There is , for many , still a sense of a line not to be crossed , a betrayal too far in undermining your country .
Analysis : Cry Treason is on BBC Radio 4 on Monday 15 February at 2030 GMT and Sunday 21 February at 2130 .
Listen via the BBC iPlayer or download the podcast .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last week , Toyota CEO Akio Toyoda apologized on Japanese Television for his company 's little fiery death safety oversight .
Immediately afterward , he was seen departing in a black Audi sedan which , judging by reports , had a fully - functioning accelerator pedal .
Advertisement
" Truly we think of our customers as a priority and we guarantee their safety , " Toyoda told NHK from Davos , Switzerland .
The company has now recalled over 9 million vehicles to replace accelerator pedals that are capable of sticking in the open position .
Last October , the outspoken Toyoda criticized his company 's relentless pursuit of profits over quality and enthusiast products , saying , " Toyota has become too big and distant from its customers ... we are grasping for salvation . " [ via ABC News ]
Mozilla has made major changes to how it develops Firefox , and plans to drop Firefox 3.7 from its schedule and instead roll out incremental changes throughout the year , a company executive said today .
Rather than add features to Firefox only in once - or twice - a- year upgrades , Mozilla will quietly insert some functionality via its regular security updates , which appear every four to six weeks , said Mike Beltzner , director of Firefox , in an interview Thursday .
That means Firefox 3.7 , which was slated for a second quarter release , has been dropped from the development schedule , said Beltzner .
The next version of the open - source browser after the almost - ready Firefox 3.6 will be an as - yet - unnamed update at the end of this year or in early 2011 .
Last year , Mozilla said it would release a pair of fast - track updates , dubbed Firefox 3.6 and Firefox 3.7 , that were to take about four or five months each to get out the door .
Those so - called " minor updates " would then be followed by Firefox 4.0 , a " major update " slated for the last quarter of 2010 .
But based on the work on Firefox 3.6 , Mozilla 's changed its mind .
" I 'm proud of how we challenged ourselves , " said Beltzner , referring to the quick - strike schedule that Mozilla plotted out for Firefox 3.6 , but did n't meet .
Mozilla had slated Firefox 3.6 for a November 2009 release , but pushed back the ship date as it worked out bugs and added additional beta builds to the cycle .
Firefox 3.6 reached the " release candidate " ( RC ) stage last week , and should wrap up before the end of this month .
" We learned an awful lot about what slows down our schedule , and that will help us plan future releases , " Beltzner said .
In fact , the lessons from Firefox 3.6 led Mozilla to decide to can a release between now and the end of the year , the version previously tagged as Firefox 3.7 .
Instead , Mozilla will add behind - the - scenes capabilities to Firefox as part of the security updates it does on an irregular schedule every four or more weeks .
Mozilla 's developers have been discussing that approach in various mailing lists for some time , and have codenamed the first such update as " Lorentz . "
" The first target for [ a minor update ] will be separation of plug - in processes from the browser , " said Beltzner .
Mozilla is already working on a project , called " Electrolysis " where Firefox will run each tab as a separate process .
The idea is to prevent a single site running in one tab from crashing the entire browser .
Google 's Chrome , for example , already has this capability .
Rather than wait to complete the entire Electrolysis project , Mozilla will instead separate the processes of specific plug-ins -- Adobe 's Flash is the lead candidate -- so that if the plug - in crashes , Firefox itself is n't brought to its knees .
According to Beltzner , Flash is responsible for more Firefox crashes than any other plug-in .
" This will be a huge advantage to users , " said Beltzner , talking about the Lorentz concept .
" We were thinking earlier that the first time we would be able to add [ plug - in process separation ] would be 3.7 in the middle of the year .
But the change we need to make is very isolated , and has no effect on Web compatibility or add - on compatibility or on the user experience .
So we thought , ' Why not deliver it as part of a minor update ? ' "
Up to this point , Mozilla 's security updates , which are what Beltzner pegged as minor updates , have delivered patches and at times , stability fixes .
They have not , however , added features , either visible or behind the scenes .
Not everything would be fair game for adding to a Firefox security update , Beltzner cautioned , but he said Mozilla was enthusiastic about the idea , which would let it add a " bunch of different technologies " to the browser without having to run through time - consuming beta cycles .
Changes that require external testing , such as the planned interface revamp for Firefox on Windows Vista and Windows 7 , would still be implemented only in major updates that would go through a standard beta test plan , Beltzner noted .
Firefox 3.6 RC , which is being run by almost one million users , looks " really good , " Beltzner said when asked how it 's progressing toward final .
He acknowledged that there are still bugs developers are investigating , including some that may block a final release and necessitate another release candidate , and so declined to name a ship date .
In meeting notes published to the Mozilla site earlier this week , developers proposed two possible ship dates : Jan. 19 and Jan. 26 .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer , send e-mail to gkeizer@ix.netcom.com or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
Average total pay : $ 319,779
Best companies rank : 77
Shareholder *
This Memphis - based law firm is making quite a debut this year as a Best Company to Work For :
It 's already leaped to the top of our highest - paid list .
The firm 's 279 " shareholder " attorneys -- equivalent to partners elsewhere -- earn salaries averaging more than $ 300,000 a year , and that 's before a nearly 20 grand bonus .
But it 's not just the legal eagles who are well - compensated .
Legal secretaries average a little under $ 50,000 a year , $ 1,400 higher than local market average , according to Baker Donelson ; paralegals earn $ 2,600 more than the average of $ 56,760 .
And all staffers on board at least a year are eligible for a bonus of 2 % of salary .
The firm also likes to bring staff together .
Day begins with The Daily Docket , a 10 - to 15 - minute huddle of lawyers and staff in 10 - person teams to update everyone on what 's going on .
There are three ground rules : 1 ) Start on time .
2 ) Finish on time .
3 ) Do n't try to solve problems .
Copyright issues make the headlines every few days , often about Google making millions of books available on the Internet .
Back in the early 1840s , it was a similar issue — on a smaller scale .
Supposed culprits were American publishers paying no royalties on books that had been first published in England .
An important event in Canadian history Charles was marked when Dickens was angry at those American publishers in 1842 when he arrived in Montreal following a trip to the United States .
Stephen Leacock notes in his book Charles Dickens , His Life and Work , that Dickens wrote home :
Is it not a horrible thing that scoundrel booksellers should grow rich here from publishing books , the authors of which do not reap one farthing from their issue by scores of thousands ; and that every vile , blackguard and detestable newspaper , so filthy and bestial that no honest man would admit one into his house for a scullery doormat , should be able to publish these same writings …?
In 1880 , the copyright issue was still around .
In November , the Literary and Debating Society at the Mechanics ’ Institute of Montreal had this item as a subject of debate : “ Is the action of the American Publishers respecting copyright likely to advance literature ? ”
MIM member Anthony Loftus argued for the U. S. disregard for British copyright , saying “ Apart from the moral bearing of the matter , any action which has the effect of disseminating literature must advance it . ”
Gilbert Wanless , for the negative , contended that the flood of literature introduced by the Americans , and filched from English authors , had the effect of stifling new literature and therefore of retarding it .
The debate was decided in the affirmative .
Secretary of the MIM debating group was Maxwell Goldstein , who later was a founder of Montreal ’s Temple Emanu - El , now at Sherbrooke and Elm .
Another member , 22 - year - old Clarence de Sola , was the third son of the Rev. Abraham de Sola , noted speaker and professor at McGill College .
In 1890 , Clarence de Sola planned and oversaw construction of the Spanish & Portuguese Synagogue , then on Stanley Street .
His substantial residence , completed in 1913 , still exists at 1380 Pine Avenue .
Members of the MIM debating society in 1880 were :
M. S. Berry Canada Guarantee Co .
Anthony Loftus P. Office
James Crankshaw 103 St. François Xavier
John McCallum 68 Bleury
Gilbert Wanless 43 Notre Dame
H. Y. Bulmer 735 Dorchester
Maxwell Goldstein P. O. Box 933
Jonathan Findlay 49 Metcalfe
C. J. de Sola McGill College
W. S. Walker St. James Street
Chas .
Stevens 38 Hippolyte Street
D. J. M. Darling 98 St. Chas Borromé
A. Stuart 143 Bleury
G. Tuck 127 St. […..]
St .
J. Anthony McShane 238 Guy St .
J. B. Henderson 41 Mayer St .
J. T. Dutig 28 Aylmer St .
E. J. Stipple c/o Messrs Greenshields & Bartsted
Henry Lanpard 28 Cadieux
The Jerusalem Post
LONDON – An Oxford University student shouted “ slaughter the Jews ” during a talk given by Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon at the university on Monday night .
During the event , hosted by the university ’s Student Union , a Muslim student who had been heckling the deputy foreign minister got up and shouted in Arabic , “ Itbah al - Yahud ” – “ Kill the Jews ” – as he was leaving the lecture hall .
The incident was referred to the police on Tuesday .
“ Our policy is always to await the outcome of police investigations where criminal offenses are alleged , and to look at any internal disciplinary process after the police have finished their investigation , ” an Oxford University representative told .
“ So we will await the outcome .
We abhor racism but obviously now this is in police hands , we cannot comment on the individual case .
” Another student carrying a Palestinian flag tried to approach the platform from which Ayalon was speaking and was led out by security staff .
At a protest outside the lecture hall , protesters chanted , “ From the river to the sea , Palestine will be free .
” Speaking to a partly antagonistic audience , Ayalon took a number of hostile questions and received applause at the end .
After the event , several students approached the minister , thanking him for providing a narrative they had never heard before .
“ Comments like these show proof that the narrative on campuses have been hijacked by those who have a hatred for not only Israel but also Jews , ” said Ashley Perry , Ayalon ’s media adviser .
“ The event also proved that if the Israeli narrative is explained in a calm matter , as the deputy minister did , then we can increase understanding among those who have not ever been exposed to another narrative . ”
Reviewing the Policing of Critical Mass
Now that the new police chief has announced he is going to
" review " department procedures with respect to Critical Mass , I think
it might be a good time to " review " the history of the relationship
between Critical Mass and the police .
I have to emphasize that this
relationship has evolved in the context of a police department that has
been consistently biased against bicyclists for as long as anyone can
remember .
Recent efforts to bring the SFPD into the 21st century have
not yielded noticeable results yet .
Chief Gascón has an opportunity to
direct the department culture towards an altered cityscape with
thousands more bicyclists and pedestrians , or he can maintain an
obsolete approach to reinforcing a car - centric society ’s prejudices .
I
have to admit that I ’m not hopeful .
Also , I hope this review further
debunks the silly reporting
from KPIX starting last summer , that somehow Critical Mass is not
paying for the police that accompany it , and thus costing the city some
$ 100,000 a year in police overtime .
July 2009 , Critical Mass circles Union Square
Back in the beginning of Critical Mass , when we first gathered at PeeWee Herman Plaza at the foot of Market to " fill the streets with bikes and ride home together " in September 1992 , there was no police presence at all .
Between 40 - 50 riders went straight up Market Street , turned left on Valencia and pulled in to Zeitgeist .
That was it .
But it was a revelation too !
No one knew how euphoric it would be to ride in a big pack .
It was a happy surprise to discover a new public space , in motion , rolling up the street with a crowd of bikes , no cars to dodge , a solid mass that took the road and changed it in so doing .
It was an open mobile meeting space where you did n’t have to buy anything to participate , and you could meet countless interesting , good looking people and often have amazing conversations !
In the following months , the ride grew steadily , hitting a couple of hundred by February 1993 , and still there was no police presence .
I think there may have been one motorcycle cop who came upon us during those months and just rode on .
In April 1993 it changed though .
The ride had grown to several hundred cyclists , and those of us who were publishing the monthly " Critical Mass Missives " and preparing proposed routes with maps , writing flyers , handing out stickers ( all under the happy neologism of " Xerocracy " ) were already worried about the culture of the ride .
Too many people were bleating that Orwellian chant " Two Wheels Good , Four Wheels Bad ! " and admonishing motorists in an entirely unpleasant self - righteous moralistic tone .
Behaviorally , we already had identified the " Testosterone Brigade " as a problem , young men who seemed to be looking for confrontation , perhaps exercising unresolved anger with their parents by taunting motorists or deliberately riding into oncoming traffic .
Another group was dubbed the " snails " because no matter how often we stopped at the front to give everyone a chance to " mass up , " a bunch of folks would just dawdle way at the back and never catch up .
This led to long stretches of thinly - occupied streets , where just a few cyclists were noodling along .
In April 1993 in just this kind of scenario , a motorist tried to cross Market to Guerrero and when cyclists surged in front to block him , he hit one girl .
Her bike was totaled , ending up under his car , which careened into a hydrant on the corner while he was trying to escape .
The girl was not physically harmed luckily , but her boyfriend , not knowing that she was n’t under the car , reached in and took the keys out of the ignition .
The cops came up and arrested the girl and her boyfriend and let the motorist go , treating him as the victim , even though it was widely felt by all present , including bystanders on the street , that he had behaved with homicidal intent .
Thus began a long and tangled tale of police / Critical Mass tension .
Some of us had followed the formula that we would just ignore the cops .
We did n’t want their presence , we felt we could handle our own safety and the needs of the ride on our own .
" Corking " was one of the best ways to safely ensure the ride ’s passage through intersections , and it was deeply troubling when the police began ticketing precisely those people who were corking ( basically performing as temporary safety monitors at congested intersections ) for " impeding traffic . "
Those tickets , if contested , were almost always thrown out in traffic court .
There was some informal back - channel communication between Victor Veysey and the police , not representing the ride exactly , but letting the police know what he thought was the thinking behind it , and what our expectations were .
And he felt it was helping the police relax and not be overly aggressive with the ride .
It ’s hard to say if that was true or not .
Through the mid-1990s the ride continued to grow rapidly , reaching into the thousands by the summer of 1996 .
During this time , the police had assigned dozens of motorcycle cops to ride herd , a small squad of them often trying to stay in front , only to be thwarted by the spontaneous redirection of the ride from within .
( Around 100 of the earliest riders had by then broken off for a more social and informal ride that met at South Park and only occasionally intersected the larger Critical Mass during late 1995 - 1996 , many feeling that the ride had become boring and predictable . )
In August 1996 the Cycle Messenger World Championships came to San Francisco , and at an extremely chaotic and raucous ride at the end of that month , two - three thousand Critical Massers were swirling all around town , some heading back towards the bay for a big benefit at the Maritime Hall , others just lost in the chaos , trying to follow the published route to Golden Gate Park , or following other cyclists in directions unknown .
It was wild and fun , but I recall my partner and our then 12 - year - old daughter had an unpleasant evening due to too many confrontations , heavy - handed policing , and all around high tension .
The 16th birthday ride in Sept. 2008 , here on Polk Street .
In June 1997 , rumor has it Mayor Willie Brown got stuck in his limo during Critical Mass .
He was soon fulminating in the press about how something had to be done !
He tried to bring Critical Mass representatives into a meeting ( I was invited and refused to go ) and managed to get some SF Bike Coalition board members to show up .
His pet supervisor at the time was Michael Yaki , and it was Yaki who appeared on the steps of City Hall after the meeting impersonating Neville Chamberlain in 1938 ( " peace in our time ! " ) , waving a piece of paper which he claimed was an agreement with Critical Mass ( impossible by definition ) about how the ride would proceed on the following Friday .
What happened was beautifully documented in Ted White ’s documentary " We Are Traffic ! " which you can see online .
The police and Mayor Brown put up a sound system and stage and had the gall to welcome the riders to our own event .
They were roundly booed .
Brown , realizing that he had not managed to co-opt Critical Mass , decided to unleash the police .
They were happy to oblige and a mini-riot took place in mid-Market where several cyclists were arbitrarily pushed to the ground , violently arrested , and their bikes impounded .
Critical Mass had split into dozens of groups roaming the city ’s streets for hours , in what was probably one of the most chaotic evenings in Critical Mass history .
The police could not get a handle on things , in spite of their license to repress , and it was n’t until very late that night that they corralled one of the mini-masses still riding , surrounding them in the financial district and arresting them all .
The day after the Chronicle ‘s false headline was " 250 cyclists arrested ! "
The actual number was about 112 , and most of them had been in the illegal roundup .
Howard Besser , one of the arrestees , filed a suit against the police and won , and won a second time when the city appealed , and was awarded about $ 1,000 in damages .
No one was ever convicted of any crimes that occured that night , because there had been no crimes !
The following month , August 1997 , after a month of torrid bad press , online flame wars ( much like you we still see on the SFGate ) denouncing all bicyclists , and a remarkably one - sided representation of what had happened ( no mention of Mayor Brown ’s land - swap shenanigans with the Transbay terminal property that was going on behind the scenes during the same summer ) , about 5,000 bicyclists showed up in defiant celebration at their own monthly gathering .
This time , anticipating a very heavy - handed police presence , the plan was to follow the Good Soldier Schweik approach , that is , ride to rule .
Each cyclist would ride as if it were a motor vehicle , obeying all laws , stopping at every light and sign , signaling every turn , etc .
That held for the first hour or so , and the traffic downtown was MUCH WORSE than it had ever been before .
Thousands of cyclists filling the streets , obeying the traffic laws , turned out to be much more disruptive than following the safe and predictable method of Critical Mass that had evolved over time .
From that time forward , a kind of truce developed with the police .
The ebb and flow of policing over the ensuing years has been unpredictable , going back and forth between angry belligerence and benign tolerance .
Sometimes a bunch of bicycling cops joined us , sometimes there were hardly any police at all , and sometimes a whole bunch of motorcycle cops and paddy wagons would come .
They ’ve never made any mass arrests , but they do ticket riders on occasion , usually in a somewhat punitive fashion if they see someone they particularly want to inconvenience ( it ’s generally for running red lights , or impeding traffic , or other normal Critical Mass behaviors ) .
When they do , like a few months ago on Broadway coming east out of the tunnel , it led to a half hour traffic jam blocking the streets .
Critical Mass riders do n’t always stop in solidarity with every rider who gets hassled by the cops , but when they do , it raises the costs to the city in terms of traffic blocked and the number of officers who gather to secure the area while a traffic infraction ticket is written .
It is a useful reminder to all that the best approach ( usually the one taken by the cops when they ’re being reasonable ) is to facilitate the ride moving continuously through the city until it ’s finished .
Police repression , when it comes , is part of a larger culture war between those who think the American Way of Life is fundamentally about cars , business , and private property ( almost always a strong bias of individual police ) and the growing movement to shift into a new way of organizing our lives , based on ecological principles , reduced resource use , and a more convivial , publicly - oriented cityscape .
Most of us riding in Critical Mass are not out to break the law or antagonize anyone , but we do feel strongly that we have to demonstrate firmly and directly a different way of life .
To those of us committed to a life with a greater sense of conviviality and a commitment to a public sphere , the childish and antagonistic behavior that a few cyclists bring to the ride has been dismaying .
Unfortunately , the old xerocracy mostly died out ( with the notable exception of the 10th anniversary ride in 2002 – four different beautiful posters were made and put all around town , dozens of stickers and flyers were distributed at the ride , a book was published ) .
Once or twice a year someone shows up with a flyer addressing the culture of the ride , or prepares a suggested route , but in general , cultural production , once so essential to the experience , went into hibernation .
After more than a decade the transmission of the culture from oldtimers to newbies has broken down .
People riding in Critical Mass these days might have been infants when we started it 18 years ago !
Sadly , some people show up because they believe all the media lies about this big anarchistic confrontational experience , though they are tiny in number .
Still , when they behave badly they get an inordinate amount of attention , not just in the media when it deigns to address this ongoing cultural phenomenon , but weirdly , from other cyclists .
There ’s a mentality that has been shaped by our profit - driven media : when it bleeds , it leads .
I ’m afraid all too many people on all sides of Critical Mass tend to fall into this same mental trap , focusing their attention on the tiny few who behave like jerks , rather than the overwhelming thousands ( and not just here , but across the planet in over 300 cities worldwide ) who manage things well , extend courtesy and kindness to bystanders , have joyful interchanges with people briefly stuck in buses and cars , and are greeted exuberantly from neighbors in their windows as we roll through central city neighborhoods .
Now the police seem to be threatening Critical Mass again , but to what end ?
It ’s a small thing , lasting 2 - 3 hours a month , inconveniencing lots of people for a short time , but keeping an important cultural space open .
In that space , a different kind of life is in gestation , where new friends and networks continually discover one another , where we experience radical direct democracy , rolling through the streets .
And it is available to all comers .
Historically it ’s been self - managed , and recently a new website and discussion list have been started to remedy the fact that the culture has n’t been handed down well between generations of riders .
As for what could work , I ’d suggest that Chief Gascon start by removing all motorized vehicles from accompanying the ride , send whatever police he deems necessary on bicycles , and reiterate that Critical Mass is a cultural fact of life in San Francisco .
Anything else is likely to make things worse and cost the city a lot more money over the long haul .
É necessário imaginar Sísifo feliz .
Alguns raros homens se debruçam sobre a existência sem precisar usar de subterfúgios otimistas e tampouco uma concatenação de ideias celebradas em um sistema conceitual .
Tais raros homens vão se adentrando nos mais obscuros pântanos da existência , não possuem receios em falar de absurdos , horror , revolta , irracionalidade e outros elementos presentes na vida , não se perdem em querer mostrar flores com borboletas e beija - flores quando um terreno árido e rugoso de cadáveres tem como fundo um cosmos desconhecido que é indiferente quanto ao testemunhar da existência dos homens .
E é no horror de existir que Camus fez a alegria jorrar .
Nada resta de Camus senão os seus escritos que fazem parte do Camus que existiu mas não resume o homem Camus .
Não faz mal , só resta aos vivos os escritos , e são tais escritos , de homens como tais , que nos ajudam a suportar a existência quando ela parece ter se esgotado , que nos possibilita nos desesperar e angustiar mais e daí um vulcão pode romper e colocar nosso mundo em chamas , pois lá onde o horror se mostra cresce também o afeto criativo diante da vida , pode também simplesmente nos oferecer uma sensação única de companhia quando nos sentimos incompreendidos por nós , pelo outro e diante de um mundo privado de qualquer sentido senão envolto por um absurdo total .
Revoltamo - nos , logo existimos !
E porque o horror é tão horrendo que a alegria se revela com todo o seu ímpeto isento de qualquer justificativa .
“ É necessário imaginar Sísifo feliz ” .
Assim também , é necessário imaginar Camus feliz por ter suportado sua existência e deixar tanta potência para os homens !
Devo a Camus a primeira sensação de ser compreendido no mundo .
Ao lado do Estrangeiro senti uma imensa sensação de acolhimento , eu não estava sozinho , o meu mundo da qual eu não conseguia fazer falar também já fez parte de outros homens e certamente ainda o faz .
Ainda , a revolta que Camus nos fala pode ser um imenso potencializador da ação e do afeto diante da vida , pela revolta existimos tal como um Sísifo , sempre a lutar sem se perguntar pela esperança , esse veneno que o homem moderno deu um jeito de expulsar da caixa de Pandora !
Charlie Munger , Warren Buffett ’s longtime business partner in Berkshire Hathaway , warns in a new column that the U.S. economic empire is crumbling before our eyes , thanks to federal debt and poor planning .
In an , Munger uses the form of a parable to explain how Wall Street ’s love affair with gambling has destroyed America ’s Main Street .
The article leads with this headline : “ Basically , It ’s Over .
” The Berkshire Hathaway vice chairman describes the economic history of Basicland , which happens to match U.S. history .
Early in its history , debt is unknown except for home mortgages and some consumer loans , and people live within their means .
Speculation is discouraged , and commodities markets are small and tightly regulated .
Under this rational system , economic growth skips merrily along at a steady 3 percent , Munger explains .
Taxes are limited and pay for only “ essential services ” like fire protection , courts , and defense .
Most taxes are collected on imports , and government spending matches that tax income .
Debt via government bonds is limited .
Then things take a turn for the worse .
“ The extreme prosperity of Basicland had created a peculiar outcome :
As their affluence and leisure time grew , Basicland 's citizens more and more whiled away their time in the excitement of casino gambling , ” Munger writes .
Financial services soon grow to account for too big a portion of the economy , Munger says .
“ The winnings of the casinos eventually amounted to 25 percent of Basicland 's GDP , while 22 percent of all employee earnings in Basicland were paid to persons employed by the casinos , many of whom were engineers needed elsewhere .
” Then , a shock : Imported energy costs rise , and low - cost labor competition from abroad appears , Munger writes .
“ Suddenly Basicland had to come up with 30 percent of its GDP every year , in foreign currency , to pay its creditors , ” Munger writes .
The U.S. deficit — just the gap between spending and income in one year — is projected to hit $ 1.6 trillion in 2010 .
Total debt is project to exceed 100 percent of GDP starting in 2011 .
In the parable , Munger strongly suggests that the United States take seriously the campaign of Reagan - era Fed Chairman Paul Volcker , who wants the big banks to cease pretending to be banks if they expect the freedom to trade securities on the side .
“ He suggested that Basicland should strongly discourage casino gambling , partly through a complete ban on the trading in financial derivatives , and it should encourage former casino employees — and former casino patrons — to produce and sell items that foreigners were willing to buy , ” Munger writes .
As the parable ends , none of the politicians listen , and Basicland turned into “ Sorrowland , ” Munger concludes .
Rasmussen , the Republican polling outfit , does a slew of polls showing the American public eager to leave the Geneva Conventions , leave the UN Convention Against Torture , repeal domestic law and torture terror suspects .
Goldfarb all but volunteers to torture him himself .
Jennifer Rubin accuses the Obama administration if deliberately abetting terrorism by sticking to the rule of law .
Neoconservatism began in its foreign policy form as a critique of regimes that tortured people .
It has come full circle - to embracing torture as a routine feature for Western governments .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Advertisements
Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) was on NBC ’s Meet the Press today and things got a little uncomfortable for him when moderator David Gregory asked McCain if he thought President Obama ’s agenda was socialist .
McCain would only say that , “ this administration is governing from the left . ” McCain would not label Obama a socialist .
Here is the video :
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Advertisements
When asked by Gregory if Obama ’s agenda was socialist , McCain answered , “ Look , look , there is no doubt in my mind America ’s a right - of - center nation and this administration is governing from the left .
That ’s why the president ’s approval rating ’s continued to , to decline .
And I know you want to get off health care , and I will .
But I want to say again–and Eric Cantor who ’s coming on later will affirm this –we want to sit down and have negotiations , and we have a positive agenda , and we would love to see that agenda … ”
Not satisfied with his answer , Gregory asked again , “ my question is do you think that kind of –because you ’ve heard that description before , not just from J.D. Hayworth but others .
Does it go too far to say the president ’s agenda is a socialist agenda ? ”
McCain responded with , “ I , I think I gave my description .
I think they ’re governing from the left on a broad variety of issues , but I ’ll let others speak for themselves .
I , I have enough time taking care of my own misstatements . ”
One could see McCain ’s obvious discomfort with the question .
He did n’t want to answer it , because of his right wing primary challenger who happily labeling President Obama a socialist at every turn , McCain could not say that he knows that President Obama is not a socialist , so he stuck to the safe point that Obama governs from the left .
It is debatable as to how far to left Obama is , but McCain stuck to the relatively safe statement , while dodging the socialist question .
McCain has already moved to the right in order to win reelection , but he will never have credibility with the right wing , because he wo n’t embrace their rhetoric and call Obama a socialist .
If I was John McCain , and I saw the Republican Party moving as far to the right as it has , it might have looked like a great time to retire .
McCain is n’t a maverick , but he is n’t a winger either .
McCain is just a Republican , but in 2010 American conservatives are in no mood for regular Republicans .
Without question , the credit rating system is one of the capitalism ’s strangest hybrids : profit - making companies that perform what is essentially a regulatory role .
The companies serve the public , which expect them to stamp their imprimatur on safe securities and safe securities alone .
But they also serve their shareholders , who profit whenever that imprimatur shows up on a security , safe or not .
To make matters more complicated , rating agencies are deeply entrenched in millions of transactions .
Statutes and rules require that mutual fund and money managers of almost every stripe buy only those bonds that have been given high grades by a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization , as the agencies are officially known .
But even if there is no foolproof way to reform the rating agencies , the measures that Congress is now backing are strikingly weak , a number of critics say .
There is no talk , for instance , about creating a fee - financed , independent credit rating agency , one modeled along the lines of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board , which was established to oversee auditors after the Enron debacle  an idea floated by Christopher J. Dodd , the Senate Banking Committee chairman as recently as August .
That approach would attack the conflict of interest problem head on .
Nor is anyone on Capitol Hill suggesting a rewrite of all those rules that put rating agencies in the middle of so much Wall Street action .
Instead of cajoling the Big Three into producing more accurate ratings , why not take away the special status of those ratings and make them less important ?
Image Scott McClesky , a former F.B.I. agent and the man Moody ’s hired as its “ designated compliance officer , ” testified on Capitol Hill that he was marginalized almost from the start and excluded from important meetings at Moody ’s .
Credit ... Brendan Hoffman / Bloomberg News
“ There are a lot of complicated issues that nobody knows how to deal with , like water shortages in different parts of the world , ” says Jonathan Macey , a deputy dean at Yale Law School and a member of a bipartisan task force that has conferred with lawmakers about rating agency reform .
“ But this is n’t one of them .
We could solve this one pretty easily with a modicum of political will .
It ’s just mortifying . ”
Meantime , to the consternation of detractors , the companies are now earning fees from a new source : re-Remics , an acronym for resecuritization of real estate mortgage investment conduits .
These are transactions that take downgraded mortgage securities and separate the riskiest assets from the strongest , making the strongest easier to sell .
Adam Lambert ’s performance on last night ’s American Music Awards may have been a lot of things , but inappropriate is n’t one of them .
The performance of Lambert ’s latest single featured about three seconds of Lambert shoving someone ’s face into his crotch , as well as a passionate kiss with a band member .
And this was the closing number of the night – viewers could see worse on other shows that typically take that time slot .
Much ado about nothing .
No one cared when Lady GaGa wore a flesh - toned body suit – one that made it look like she was wearing a strap - on at that – and broke liquor bottles on stage when she performed .
No one said a word about Rihanna ’s rings of clothing that left little to the imagination or when she entered the stage bound up BDSM - style .
But when a fully clothed gay man mimics a few seconds of fellatio all hell breaks loose .
Lambert ’s number was n’t inappropriate , it was right in line with the other outrageous performances of the night .
After all the press about it , I expected to see Lambert on stage with his pants open and a partner gleefully pleasing the pop star for a vast majority of the song , so when I watched the clip for the first time , I completely missed the controversial act entirely .
And trust me if GaGa – or even Britney – had done it , no one would even bat a false eyelash .
But Lambert ’s new album drops tomorrow .
I ’m sure his camp is n’t all that upset about the hype .
Adam Lambert performs “ For Your Entertainment at the AMAs
Lady GaGa performs “ Bad Romance ” and “ Speechless ” at the AMAs
Rihanna performs at the AMAs
CSTART Motto Selection Competition , Phase 2
The candidate selection phase of the CSTART Motto Selection Competition is now closed !
Thank you to everybody who participated by submitting mottos or by voting on submissions .
The five most highly upvoted submissions at the time of closing are the options in the poll below :
What do you think the official motto of CSTART should be ?
Space exploration , by anyone , for everyone ( 51 % , 19 Votes )
Open collaboration around the world from those determined to leave it ( 16 % , 6 Votes )
Onward ! ( 14 % , 5 Votes )
A still more glorious dawn awaits ( 11 % , 4 Votes )
From the Earth to new frontiers ( 8 % , 3 Votes ) Total Voters : 37
Loading ... Loading ...
This poll is programmed to start accepting votes at midnight on the 7th of Janary ( PST ) .
The motto selection phase of the competition lasts for one week , until midnight on the 14th of January , at which time the poll will automatically stop accepting votes .
The motto with the most votes at this time will be adopted as the official motto of CSTART !
Make sure to have your say in the future of your space agency .
Nine people were hospitalized Monday afternoon after a Metro bus and a light rail train collided near Metro headquarters downtown .
A preliminary investigation showed that the bus , westbound on St. Joseph Parkway , ran a red light and collided with the train , northbound on Main , Metro spokeswoman Carolina Mendoza said .
Mendoza said the bus driver , who joined Metro in 2000 , and a passenger on the train were among four people taken to nearby St. Joseph Hospital .
Four others were taken to Ben Taub General Hospital and one person was taken to Memorial Hermann .
All injuries were reported to be nonlife - threatening .
The train operator , who joined Metro a year ago , was treated and released on the scene .
Bus service was substituted for Metrorail northbound from the downtown transit center to the University of Houston - Downtown , Mendoza said .
Rail service continued south of the transit center with trains going back and forth on a single track while the other track is out of service , she said .
Trel Robinson , who was sitting near the rear of the train , said he felt the impact of the driver applying the brakes before he heard the sound of the collision about 3:30 p.m .
“ I was sitting in my seat , tweeting , ” Robinson said .
“ I heard the crash , and they told us not to leave our seats . ”
Passengers who were not injured were permitted to leave after about 20 minutes , Robinson said .
Robinson , a writer and musician who moved to Houston about three years ago , said he has been trying to take public transportation more often rather than drive .
Monday 's episode wo n't dampen the effort , he said .
“ Things happen , ” he said .
“ I 'm from Chicago . ”
mike.snyder@chron.com
4 chan users were upset with YouTube for deleting the account of Lukeywes1234 .
4 chan let YouTube know just how upset they were by launching a porn bomb protest at YouTube on January 6th , 2010 .
YouTube will be busy for days cleaning out all the hidden porn from the 4 chan group .
What would happen if 4 chan were angry with Washington D.C. ?
The tried and true ways of protesting through signs , emails , calling and faxing do n’t seem to be very effective .
In the future , I hope people will start launching protests similar to the 4 chan model .
A selective service protest could be launched by walking into the post office and getting a few cards to fill out with bogus information .
If there were millions of fake registrations , the system would be useless .
Around 100 million tax returns are filled every year with the IRS .
How well would the IRS function if another 100 million returns were fake ?
The 2010 census forms will be out soon –with enough effort , Alaska could become the most populous state .
Each government agency or program has a plethora of forms that can be filled out for free .
All these agencies are susceptible to a denial of service attacks through an abundance of requests for service .
How about a cell phone app to alert others when your civil rights are being violated ?
A GPS - equipped phone with this app would quickly alert every liberty - minded person in the area to rush to the scene .
Your civil rights will be better protected when several people are live streaming video of encounters with the police .
If you ’d prefer your email not be read by the NSA , then spamming the world with emails incorporating terms the NSA screens for is an option .
“ Ziggy has the bomb in his underpants ”
Start an internet rumor similar to the one that caused chaos when utility payment assistance was offered by the city of Detroit .
“ The President will be giving away federally owned homes to people at his next speech .
Under each seat will be a certificate for one foreclosed home . ”
These are just a few ideas for the future of civil disobedience ; with the right amount of anger and creativity , it will be possible to catch the conscience of the king .
Top 100 law blogs of 2010 -- ABA Journal Top 100 law blogs of 2009 -- ABA Journal " Good legal reporting ... the best ; it 's not even close
If you ’re dating someone who does n’t trust you , the endless requests to check your email and text messages are bound to get annoying .
So why not turn the tables ?
iTrust is a new iPhone app that essentially acts like a keystroke logger for the iPhone so you can see if anyone has been using your iPhone and what they were trying to access .
The video below explains it all .
Now does this app reek of paranoia and an unhealthy relationship ?
Surely .
But hey , why not bring dysfunctional relationships into the modern era with an iPhone app ?
A number of people are linking to this reprinted critique of the work of the late Paul Samuelson .
I could point out that the critique thoroughly misunderstands what Samuelson was saying about international trade , factor prices , and all that .
But there is , I think , an interesting point to be made if we start from this complaint :
Can it be “ scientific ” to promulgate theories that do not describe economic reality as it unfolds in its historical context , and which lead to economic imbalance when applied ?
Actually , there was a time when many people thought that institutional economics , which was very much focused on historical context , the complexity of human behavior , and all that , would be the wave of the future .
So why did n’t that happen ?
Why did the model - builders , led by Samuelson , take over instead ?
The answer , in a word , was the Great Depression .
Faced with the Depression , institutional economics turned out to have very little to offer , except to say that it was a complex phenomenon with deep historical roots , and surely there was no easy answer .
Meanwhile , model - oriented economists turned quickly to Keynes — who was very much a builder of little models .
And what they said was , “ This is a failure of effective demand .
You can cure it by pushing this button . ”
The fiscal expansion of World War II , although not intended as a Keynesian policy , proved them right .
So Samuelson - type economics did n’t win because of its power to cloud men ’s minds .
It won because in the greatest economic crisis in history , it had something useful to say .
In the decades that followed , economists themselves forgot this history ; today ’s equation - mongers , for the most part , have no idea how much they owe to the Keynesian revolution .
But in terms of shaping economics , it was the Depression that did it .
Pending Supreme Court ruling could make things even worse : law prof
A soon - to - be- published study has found that campaign contributions from corporations to judges are likely distorting the justice system and making it harder for ordinary citizens to win cases against corporations .
University of Illinois labor law professor Michael LeRoy examined the outcomes of 223 state court rulings on cases involving disputes between employers and employees .
He found that where party - affiliated judges are elected , employees won 32.1 percent of cases , but where judges are appointed , or elected in non-partisan elections , employees won 52.7 percent of the time .
ADVERTISEMENT
LeRoy admits that the study ’s usefulness is “ limited ” because it did not determine which judges did actually take corporate donations .
But “ it ’s hard to think of an alternative explanation , ” he said in an interview with the University of Illinois ’ News Bureau .
“ The inference I arrive at is that there ’s something about the election process that is influencing the outcome . ”
Like many other legal experts , LeRoy argues the situation could be made worse by a Supreme Court case currently being heard that could result in much of the US ’s body of law limiting campaign contributions being thrown out .
A ruling in Citizens United v. FEC was expected this week , but has been delayed at least until next week .
In that case , the makers of an anti-Hillary Clinton campaign video challenged the McCain - Feingold Act ’s restrictions on distribution of political material during an election .
But the Supreme Court chose to take a broader view of the issue , and is now debating whether campaign restrictions — any campaign restrictions — violate corporations ’ and organizations ’ free speech rights under the First Amendment .
If the court rules in favor of Citizens United , it will have overturned all of the US ’s campaign contribution laws going back all the way to 1907 .
The result could “ usher in ” a “ brave new world of politics ” where “ auto companies that receive multibillion - dollar bailouts could spend vast sums to re-elect the same officials who hand them the money , ” the New York Times wrote in an editorial .
“ If Exxon Mobil or Wal - Mart wants something from a member of Congress , it could threaten to spend as much as it takes to defeat him or her in the next election . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
But LeRoy says that the impact would also be felt in the justice system , where the ruling “ could give corporations , unions and activist groups virtual free rein to run election - time ads for and against candidates … and lay the groundwork for direct donations to political campaigns , ” the News Bureau report states .
“ It would open up the spigot for judicial contributions and greatly aggravate the problem , further politicizing and polarizing some of these state courts , ” LeRoy said .
In all , 89 percent of state judges in the US face some sort of election , and 39 states elect judges to some extent .
ADVERTISEMENT
Even though polls show Americans generally support the notion of election judges , some jurists , such as former Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O’Connor , have argued against it , saying that politics should not come into play in the justice system .
“ It ’s the flood of money coming into our courtrooms , ” O’Connor told an audience at the University of Seattle last year .
“ You have n’t suffered too much of this in Washington [ state ] — but you will , if you do n’t think about this and change it . ”
I have this fantasy that I am harboring a rare , insanely valuable first edition of some obscure book somewhere on my overstuffed bookshelves .
I 'll decide I do n't need it someday and take it to trade in at Half Price Books and the overly - honest guy behind the counter will give me a look like I 've lost my mind and say , " Are you crazy ?
Do you know what this is worth ?
There must be only five of these in the entire world ! " 
Yeah .
It 's not very likely to happen .
But you can bet that I 'm going to devote some time to combing through the den this weekend to see if I have any of these pricey pages in my possession .
1. Shakespeare 's First Folio .
It 's the 1623 collection of the Bard 's comedies , histories and tragedies .
It cost just one pound at the time , which is about $ 220 these days - expensive , yes , but a bargain considering the $ 6.1 million it 's worth today .
A stolen copy popped up last year and was estimated to be worth $ 15 million , but it has n't yet been sold , so whether it tops the 2001 $ 6.1 million selling price remains to be seen .
2. Leonardo Da Vinci's " Codex Leicester "  was purchased by one of the few people who could afford to shell out $ 30.8 million for a notebook " “ Bill Gates .
At 72 pages , that 's about $ 420,000 per page .
Each pages is filled to the brim with Da Vinci 's handwriting and sketches .
3. Cosmography , based on the work of Ptolemy , is a pretty rare find : there are only two known copies in the world ( maybe one of them is in my den .
No ? ) .
The 1477 book was worth $ 4 million the last time it was sold .
4. James Audubon 's Birds of America sold for $ 8.8 million in 2000 .
Only 200 complete sets were ever issued , and most of them were broken up to sell individually , which is why a complete set is so valuable .
5. Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens .
If you discover one of these in your hot little hands , consider yourself lucky " “ Christie 's auction house in New York sold a signed first edition of the book for $ 229,000 , making it the most valuable Dickens book ever .
6. Lord of the Rings .
Likewise , a signed first edition of that book about Hobbits could garner you a lot of cash " “ probably enough to buy your own " Precious . " 
One of these dedicated in Tolkien 's hand to the " Queen of the Hobbits "  fetched $ 104,000 .
7. Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone .
Now we 're getting into literature I 'm more likely to own .
The most expensive Harry Potter book to date is an unread first edition of HP1 " “ only 500 copies were published in the first round , long before Mr. Potter and his magical friends were household names .
If you have one of these lurking in your attic , it could be worth about $ 37,000 .
8. The Great Gatsby .
A first edition copy of this Roaring " ˜20s classic with a dust jacket in very good condition was sold for $ 180,000 just last year .
9. Moby Dick .
At the same auction , an original version of Melville 's whale tale in blue cloth binding went for $ 30,500 .
It 's no Codex Leicester , but I 'd say $ 30,500 is nothing to sneeze at .
10 . Ulysses .
The first edition was signed by James Joyce and had been stored away , allegedly unopened , for years .
Because it was signed , because it was a first edition , because the color on the cover was so brilliant and unfaded , and because it was # 45 of the first 100 printed , this particular copy of Joyce 's epic went for Â £ 275,000 last year " “ that 's roughly $ 437,260 .
Do we have any book - collecting _flossers out there ?
I 'm not one myself , but I 'm thinking it might be a fine time to start .
Last year I went to a little diner in New Jersey called Mastoris .
They had this amazing cheese bread that I loved .
I wanted to recreate it , but unlike a standard cheese danish this had a bread - like texture .
It was more bread than danish .
So after a little searching online , I think I found the perfect recipe .
Serve for breakfast or any time that you want a sweet treat .
Cheese bread – ( from The Marlin Menu )
Dough 2 1/ 4 teaspoons instant yeast 1 / 4 cup lukewarm water 1 /2 cup lukewarm milk 1/4 cup ( 1/2 stick ) butter 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 1 / 4 cup sugar 1 teaspoons vanilla 1 egg , lightly beaten 3 cups All - Purpose Flour
Cheese Filling 8 ounces cream cheese 1/2 cup powdered sugar 3 tablespoons All - Purpose Flour 1 egg , lightly beaten 2 teaspoons vanilla
Making the Dough
Combine sugar , milk water and yeast and let rest until it becomes bubbly .
Once bubbly add the balance of the ingredients and mix and knead them together until you ’ve made a soft , smooth dough .
Place dough in a greased bowl , turn over , and cover with a moist towel .
Allow the dough to rise , covered , for 45 minutes to 1 hour , or until it ’s puffy ( though not necessarily doubled in bulk ) .
Making the Filling
While the dough is rising , prepare the filling by mixing all of the ingredients together until smooth .
Chill untill ready to use .
Assembling the Bread
Transfer the dough to a lightly floured board , punch down and let it rest for 5 minutes .
Roll the dough out into a 16 x 12 - inch rectangle .
Transfer rolled dough to baking pan spread with parchment paper .
Spread the filling lengthwise down the center third of the rectangle .
Cut 1 to 3 - inch - wide strips from each side of the filling out to the edges of the dough .
Fold about an inch of dough at each end over the filling to contain it , then fold the strips , at an angle , across the filling , alternating from side to side .
NEW YORK -- Andre Dawson got up at 6 a.m. and went to the gym .
Before going back home , he took a detour from his usual routine on the day Hall of Fame voting is announced .
" I went by a cemetery to visit my mom and also my grandmother , " he said .
" It 's the first time I had done that .
I just felt a little bit more optimistic about this year , and I just wanted to share a few things at that grave site .
It meant a lot to me to get out there . "
Dawson 's faith was rewarded a few hours later Wednesday , when he was elected to the Hall in his ninth try .
He was the only player honored , as Bert Blyleven fell five votes short and Roberto Alomar finished eight shy .
Dawson received 420 of 539 votes in results announced by the Baseball Writers ' Association of America , 15 more than the 75 percent necessary to gain election .
The eight - time All - Star outfielder was 44 votes short last year .
" If you 're a Hall of Famer , eventually you 're going to get in no matter how long it takes , " Dawson said during a telephone conference call .
" As I sit here , the only thing I can think of is that it was well worth the wait . "
He credited mom Mattie Brown and grandmother Eunice Taylor for teaching him to work hard with dedication and determination .
He cried as he arrived at the cemetery , and thanked his mother for raising eight children without a father in the house .
He hoped he made them proud .
" I told her , ' I love you .
I miss you .
I wish you were alive so I could tell you that , ' " he remembered saying .
While they never saw him play in person , fearing he'd get hurt , they tracked his career from a distance .
" There were some instances where I may have made myself look like a fool out there on the field with some confrontations with the umpires , " Dawson said .
" I would get a call immediately .
And you know , the question was : ' Who do you think you are and what do you think you 're doing ? '
And that , you know , kind of humbled me to a degree . "
Carlo Sciolla ( @skuro ) of Sourcesense was looking for a way to use Maven to create an Alfresco development environment .
Not satisfied with the default Ant - based build supplied with the SDK , he wrote a quick tutorial for others interested in doing the same .
To start your Alfresco development experience , you need a development environment .
Let ’s say you ’re more into this Maven and you ’d rather leverage its capabilities instead of using the default ant based build system provided along with the SDK .
In this tutorial , I ’ll guide you through the process of setting up from scratch your development environment .
And by saying “ from scratch ” , I really mean it : we ’ll start from a fresh installed Linux box and the we will add piece over piece until we ’ll be see the Alfresco flower on our browser .
This will be a * basic * tutorial , just to put in place the foundation for later improvements .
This post steps through the process of creating a suitable MySQL database for Alfresco , installing Maven , and then , finally creating a new project using a Maven archetype .
If you are using Alfresco and Maven , check out his post .
The other interesting thing about this post is that it shows you how easy it is to start distributing your software and archetypes if you use Nexus .
Carlo was able to go from idea to implementation with Alfresco very quickly because Alfresco made artifacts and archetypes available with an instance of Nexus :
If you are a software company , the easiest way to distribute your software to end -users is via a Maven repository .
If you use a repository manager like Nexus , and if you standardize on using Maven archetypes , you decrease the barrier to entry for users interested in your technology .
Despite his efforts , cross-country skiing can make a poor first impression , Mr. Newell said , because it ’s not easy to master .
“ It ’s easy for folks to put on alpine skis and go slide down a mountain , ” he said .
“ It ’s easy to fake that you ’re really good at something . ”
With cross-country skiing , however , “ if you really want to propel yourself down the track , you kind of have to know a little bit about what you ’re doing , ” he said .
Cross -country skiing “ is trying to see how fast you can go with just the power of your own arms and legs — and seeing how fast you can go down the hills , too . ”
While Mr. Newell is at the peak of his sport , he does have plenty of suggestions for recreational athletes , of whom there are many ; according to a survey by the National Sporting Goods Association , about 1.6 million Americans participated in cross-country skiing in 2008 , the most recent year available .
Here , he offers tips for amateurs , and a glimpse of his own regimen .
ADVICE FOR ROOKIES
Cross - country skiers race in two styles — classic , in which the skis move parallel along the track , and freestyle , a technique that resembles speed skating .
Which one is easier to learn is likely to depend on a skier ’s background : runners and cyclists might feel more comfortable trying classic skiing , while in - line skaters might prefer freestyle , Mr. Newell said .
For someone learning classic skiing , Mr. Newell recommends starting slowly .
Walk the trail with a pair of poles but without skis .
This is the easiest way to get acclimated to the opposite - arm , opposite - leg movement required in cross-country skiing , he said .
Then , once the movement feels comfortable , incorporate the skis .
Finally , try adding power by kicking down into the snow with one ski , then gliding on the other .
Because the sport is physically demanding , beginners sometimes get discouraged .
“ Maybe the biggest mistake is that people get out there and they try to take it seriously , ” Mr. Newell said .
“ Sometimes they forget that it ’s supposed to be fun . ”
January 22 , 2010
The period before the 1973 U.S. Supreme Court decision legalizing abortion tells a lot about how we can defend access to abortion today , says Elizabeth Schulte .
IT WAS necessary to protect " unborn children . "
That 's the defense that the lawyer for Scott Roeder -- the man who shot and killed Dr. George Tiller , one of the last doctors in the country who performed late - term abortions -- plans to use in the coming trial .
Earlier this month , Roeder 's lawyer announced he was a seeking voluntary manslaughter defense , because Roeder believed that killing of the doctor would , in the end , save lives .
While it 's obvious ( to everyone except the Kansas judge who accepted this defense ) that Roeder 's ideas are on the fringe of the abortion debate , his case does highlight some of what 's wrong with the debate itself .
Abortion should n't be viewed , as the right wing does , as " killing the unborn " or , as a growing number of people who might even consider themselves pro-choice do , as an unfortunate choice that should be avoided .
Women who seek abortions are acting on their right to make decisions about their own bodies and their own futures .
When a woman can't make a choice -- free of legal or financial restrictions and free of outside pressures from her family , partner or religion -- about whether to carry a pregnancy to term , she can't be considered equal or free .
Activists rally to defend safe and legal abortions in San Francisco ( Josh On | SW )
Dr. Tiller wore a button with a message that summed it up : Trust women .
On the anniversary of Roe v. Wade , it 's worth going back to what the era before abortion was legal has to tell us -- about the lengths that women will take to end a pregnancy , but also the role that activists played in radically transforming the way women and our reproductive rights were viewed in U.S. society .
THROUGHOUT HISTORY , women have , and still do , seek to end pregnancies .
When abortion is illegal or inaccessible , women suffer .
Before abortion was legal , women were maimed or died trying to obtain back - alley abortions .
And when limitations are placed on access to abortion , women still face great hardship , and in some cases personal physical harm .
Before Roe v.
Wade , women sought out abortion in any way they could .
If they had enough money , they could travel outside the U.S. for a legal abortion , or possibly obtain an abortion from a doctor in the U.S. -- although the outcome was n't always dependable since women were at the whims of the doctor .
Homemade methods -- often ineffective or dangerous or both -- were the only option for many women .
They included douching with soap or bleach , or injecting lye or inserting a wire coat hanger .
In the book Back Rooms : Voices from the Illegal Abortion Era by Ellen Messer and Kathryn May , Kathleen , a women who had to have two illegal abortions to end her pregnancy in 1969 , explained her decision : " Probably the only thing that gave me the strength to have the abortion was that I felt that I would just as soon die as be trapped into poverty and motherhood , and that 's what it would have been .
I did n't think it would have been a fair life for a child or a mother . "
There were few women who did n't know a story like this one , or who had a firsthand experience trying to obtain an abortion .
Yet for the most part , these stories were shared secretly , if at all .
Later , they would play an important role in helping lift the ban on abortions .
When the U.S. Supreme Court issued its ruling on Roe on January 22 , 1973 , the change was felt immediately .
Though it remained to be seen how accessible or affordable abortion would be for most women , the back - alley abortion ceased to be a necessary risk for most women .
But Roe did n't happen in isolation .
Before the Court 's decision , 17 states had passed laws decriminalizing or legalizing abortion , and anti-abortion laws had been challenged in 29 other states and the District of Columbia .
The Court 's decision came about during a period of a larger shift in public opinion and policy over women 's status in society .
The actions of activists played a key role in shifting that debate .
Many of the people who took part in the women 's liberation movement of the late 1960s and early ' 70s had previous experience organizing in the civil rights and anti-poverty movements .
These activists , pressing demands that challenged the status quo of segregation and poverty , also began to take a hard look at the day - to - day sexism that they experienced .
In some cases , activists had to take on sexism , as it appeared in other movements , and fight to put women 's liberation on the list of demands .
The more that activists exposed and protested that inequality , the more public opinion at large shifted , too .
ONE OF the women 's liberation movement 's most powerful tools was speak - outs , where women told personal stories about their illegal abortions .
It began when a group of women crashed a legislative hearing on the issue of abortion law reform in New York City in February 1969 , and found that the only testimony being presented was that of 14 men and one woman ( a nun ) .
After the committee refused to hear the women , they decided to organize their own public testimony .
Some 300 people turned out to this first speak - out in March 1969 .
Thousands of people heard about it and organized their own similar actions .
In her book Tidal Wave : How Women Changed America at Century 's End , Sara Evans quotes journalist Gloria Steinem 's realization : " For the first time , I understood that the abortion I had kept so shamefully quiet about for years was an experience I had probably shared with at least one out of four American women of every race and group . "
Not only did these actions have an impact on pressuring politicians and judges to do the right thing , but they had a broader impact in drawing attention to women 's real concerns to the public at large .
Women who took part in these events or heard about them now had proof that they were not alone in their experiences trying to obtain an abortion -- and they should not be ashamed .
In New York , many of these stories were later used in court , as depositions in Abramowicz v. Lefkowitz , the 1972 case that challenged and overturned New York state 's abortion ban .
People packed into the courthouse to hear women 's testimonies , like Barbara Susan , who described trying to obtain an abortion , but every time she set up an appointment with an abortionist that claimed to be a doctor , they did n't show up .
" I tried to find an abortionist , but since , in New York state , abortion is illegal and I was n't a criminal and I did n't know any criminals , I had a hard time finding one , " she said .
Susan ended up putting her education on hold , marrying a guy she did n't want to marry and having the child .
She felt like everything was stacked against her .
In her testimony , quoted in Jennifer Nelson 's Women of Color and the Reproductive Rights Movement , Susan said , " [ T ] he state was on the side of the people who were supporting my getting married , and not on the side of my deciding what to do with my life . "
She ended up giving her child up for adoption , but she had to pay for doctor 's and lawyer 's fees .
The fight for women 's reproductive rights was n't limited to abortion rights .
Activists also took up the right of women to have children if they chose to do so .
The forced or coerced sterilization of welfare recipients and other poor women , particularly Latinas and Black women , was a common practice up into the 1970s .
The Committee for Abortion Rights and Against Sterilization Abuse ( CARASA ) investigated and documented thousands of cases of forced sterilization .
In many cases , women were threatened with cancellation of their welfare benefits if they did n't agree to the procedure .
In other cases , the sterilization happened without their knowledge or consent .
Between the 1930s and 1970s , about a third of the female population of childbearing age in of Puerto Rico , where abortion was illegal , had been sterilized .
As noted in a 1977 CARASA position paper by Joan Kelly , " The U.S. Department of Health , Education and Welfare subsidized these sterilizations , paying 80 percent of the budget of Puerto Rico 's major sterilizing agency , the Family Planning Association . "
Demanding an end to these forced sterilization against women went hand in hand with the concept that women , and women alone , have the right to say what they do with their bodies .
As a 1979 CARASA statement argued , " Reproductive freedom means the freedom to have as well as not to have children . "
The Young Lords Party , the Puerto Rican organization that modeled themselves on the Black Panthers , also took up the demand for women 's reproductive freedom , in large part due to arguments from their women members , some of whom were also involved with feminist organizing in CARASA .
With an eye toward the very real danger of hospitals for Puerto Rican women , the Young Lords made Point 6 of their 13 - point program :
" We want community control of our institutions and our land . "
This means that we want institutions , like hospitals where sisters go to have abortions , to be under the control of our people to be sure that they really serve our needs .
Until we struggle together to change our present situation , women will not be allowed to have the children they can support without suffering any consequences .
Their slogan was " End all genocide .
Abortion under community control . "
AS THE confidence of the women 's movement grew , so did the demands .
So when a national Women 's Strike for Equality was called for August 26 , 1970 , the demands included equal pay , free abortion on demand and free child care .
Some 50,000 men and women turned out to protests called in cities across the country .
Sharon Smith points out in Women and Socialism : Essays on Women 's Liberation :
But more important than the actual numbers drawn into the movement , the ideas of women 's liberation found a much larger audience in the population at large .
Effective social movements have a transforming impact on popular opinion .
The effects of the women 's movement were far - reaching in raising the consciousness and expectations of millions of women workers and students .
By 1976 , a Harris survey reported that 65 percent of American women supported " efforts to strengthen and change women 's status in society . "
It 's shocking to think of the change that appears to have happened in a relatively short period of time , but it was in the making years beforehand .
At the same time , the fight was far from over .
While Roe did indeed change everything , it left the door open for further attacks on abortion rights , such as bans on late - term procedures .
After Roe , it was still that case that poor women had little real access to abortion , especially after the 1976 passage of the Hyde Amendment banning poor women from using Medicaid funds to obtain abortions .
Today , as we face a vicious assault on a woman 's right to choose -- from elected officials and well as the fringes of the religious right -- there 's much to be learned from the days before Roe .
Public opinion can be shifted in support of women 's right to abortion when people know the facts .
Activists have to expose the lies that the abortion opponents tell -- that women are " hurt " by abortion , for example , or that someone else should decide the point when she is allowed to get one .
Before the women 's liberation movement , opinions about " a woman 's place " were no less outrageous .
But the movement set the record straight , put forward its demands and helped create a sea change in opinions about women and their reproductive rights .
Women 's right to abortion is a matter of our freedom and equality .
The women 's movement of the 1960s and ' 70s waged a war - - our side won , and we should refuse to go back .
Iraq has the world 's third largest oil reserves
Oil giant Shell and Malaysia 's state - run Petronas oil company finalised a contract on Sunday to develop Iraq 's giant Majnoon oil field .
In December Shell and Petronas beat a rival bid from France 's Total and China 's CNPC to develop the 12.6bn barrel field in southern Iraq .
The field currently produces just 46,000 barrels per day .
Shell and Petronas have pledged to increase that output to 1.8 million barrels per day .
Foreign expertise
The deal was signed at Iraq 's Oil Ministry in the presence of Iraqi Oil Minister Hussain al - Shahristani and Mounir Bouaziz , an executive of Shell Gas and Power .
Royal Dutch Shell owns 60 % of the venture , with Petronas owning the remainder .
Their joint - venture , which includes a 20 - year service contract , will see the firms receive a fee of $ 1.39 a barrel of oil .
Iraq 's known reserves of conventional oil rank behind only Saudi Arabia and Iran .
Its daily output is relatively small - about 2.4 million barrels - but it aims to triple that over the next few years .
It needs the expertise of foreign companies to reach that goal of reviving its oil industry , which has been battered by years of war and sanctions .
A reverse engineering expert has disclosed a way to make his Motorola Droid host USB - enabled devices , a hack that allows the smartphone for the first time to directly connect to printers , video cameras , TV tuners , and a wide variety of other peripherals .
The modification was devised by Mike Kershaw from Kismet and Mike Baker of OpenWRT and shared with the world by Chris Paget , a new Droid owner and chief hacker for reverse engineering firm H4RDW4RE .
Using a charging cable that plugs into a car 's cigarette lighter , a micro-USB cable , and a USB extender cable , he devised an improvised micro-dongle and connector cable .
Getting the Droid to work with a Linux - enabled USB device is as simple as turning the smartphone off , connecting the cable to the host and peripheral and turning the Droid on .
As soon as the Motorola logo disappears , you 'll need to unplug the micro - dongle .
Once your Droid is booted - voila - it should now work with the device .
You can even pull up a terminal and look at dmesg to see the usual kernel notifications that appear when new USB devices are connected .
To be sure , the Droid is n't the most robust of USB hosts .
To change peripherals , you 'll need to reboot the smartphone .
What 's more , leaving the micro - dongle plugged in too long causes the port to get stuck supplying power to devices but not actually recognizing them .
Or as Paget put it in an email : " The capability is now there but it 'll take a while to realise it - I have n't even managed to mount a USB key yet . "
But the simple mod opens a whole new world to the Droid , since the smartphone will be able to work with hundreds of devices that up to now have been off limits .
And besides , the hack is likely to get better over time .
" Hopefully the drivers are sufficiently open - source that these are easy bugs to squash , and that dynamically switching between host mode and peripheral mode wo n’t be too hard to add either , " Paget writes .
Pictures and additional details are here . ®
Photos by Sean Metalerkamp
Long story short : Die Antwoord are a completely manic rap -rave group from South Africa that have gained more than 30,000 fans on Facebook in about two weeks , thanks to a couple amazing music videos .
Their overall style is called " zef , " which roughly translates to " common " and is typified by " blue eyeliner , bleached hair , sweat bands , and cars with overly powerful sound systems . "
Because of group leaders Ninja and Yo- Landi Vi$$er 's prior involvement in conceptual hip - hop projects , the group has been met with claims of inauthenticity .
Are they paying tribute to or making fun of zef culture ?
( For a longer version of this story , check out our recent article , " Who the Hell Are Die Antwoord ? " )
So we sent an e-mail to the address on their website and someone called Dirk the Oracle got back to us saying Ninja and Yo- Landi might answer some written - out questions .
We sent some questions .
They wrote us back .
In the following interview , Ninja and Yo- Landi talk about their surging fame , their idea for an upcoming Die Antwoord film , Katy Perry , smoking weed out of coconut bongs , and so much more :
Pitchfork :
When did you realize Die Antwoord were reaching a big international audience via the internet ?
Die Antwoord :
We noticed on the 3rd of February .
It was a full moon .
We just stared at the computer screen .
We started getting about 1000 emails per day .
When it got to 5000 mails on day five , I just gave up , lay down on the floor and looked at the roof .
It was like tripping on acid .
But now every time we wake up it still wo n't go away .
Pitchfork : Did a lot of people start calling you ?
DA : Yes , a lot of people suddenly like me a lot .
Me and Yo - Landi have changed our phone numbers .
Pitchfork :
Why do you think Die Antwoord has broken through more than your previous rap groups like MaxNormal .
TV ?
DA : The other rap albums we made were a bit stupid .
Then we tapped into our inner zef and discovered Die Antwoord and became next - level .
Pitchfork :
Was there one moment of epiphany when you saw the potential of , as you say , your inner zef and the potential of Die Antwoord ?
DA : Ninja , Yo - Landi , and DJ Hi-Tek were at a rave at Ninja 's parents ' house when they discovered Die Antwoord .
We actually are making a high - energy , totally next - level , rap - rave feature film about this called The Answer .
We would compare it to District 9 , but just with more rave and more rap .
This feature film is part of the reason why some people are flying Ninja and Yo- Landi to L.A. in two weeks ' time .
Pitchfork :
What is the movie about ?
DA : The plot it this : Ninja , Yo - Landi and DJ Hi-Tek live in a kak little white hood called Sunnyside ( the hood in the " Zef Side " clip ) .
Ninja has this big plan to throw a fat - ass rave at his parents ' house .
But Ninja 's parents do n't trust him to look after the house while they go to Sun City .
Eventually , Ninja manipulates his parents into trusting him enough to let him look after the house .
Just after Ninja 's parents fuck off to Sun City on holiday , Ninja forces Yo- Landi to steal money from her mom to hook up a fuck - off heavy sound system , a smoke machine , a strobe light , a phunky 3D visual mix on VHS to play on the TV in the chill room , tiger balm , party decorations , dop and a lot of zol .
Only about eight people come to the rave , and everything is going pretty cool ' til Yo - Landi starts to fuck out from smoking too much of the coconut bong that somebody mixed with tik .
This final scene is going be sort of like this hallucinogenic erotic nightmare that Yo - Landi experiences .
The end of film is actually just going to be the full - length music video of " Beat Boy " .
The lyrics to " Beat Boy " describe this scene to the T .
It 's going to be pretty next - level .
MADRID ( AP )  Ferran Adrià , who brought the world treats like ravioli made from squid and freeze - dried foie gras , will close his acclaimed restaurant , El Bulli , for two years to tinker with new ideas in molecular cuisine .
Mr. Adrià said on Tuesday that he would close El Bulli in 2012 and 2013 but that he would continue to use it as a research lab .
The restaurant traditionally closes from mid-December to mid-June so he and his staff can develop new dishes and techniques .
“ With a format like the current one it is impossible to keep creating , ” Mr. Adrià , 47 , told reporters at the gastronomic fair Madrid Fusion .
“ In 2014 , we will serve food somehow .
I do n’t know if it will be for one guest or 1,000 . ”
El Bulli , in Roses , a few hours north of Barcelona , was voted the world ’s best restaurant by the British magazine Restaurant for the last four years .
It has three Michelin stars .
Mr. Adrià said his goal was to break the molds that determine what food should look or feel like .
Today , my children were kidnapped by fictional pirates .
Apparently I ’m Peter Pan and my mom forgot to tell me and now I have to save them in “ Neverland ” .
Oh did I mention I ’m scared of heights ?
FML
Today , I was taking the bus to work because I could n’t find my keys and all of a sudden this cop jumps on the bus while we are on the highway and tells us that there is a bomb on the bus and we ca n’t go under 50 mph or it will explode and if we try to escape it will explode .
Then I found my keys in my pocket .
FML
Today , I found out that the reason every time I fall asleep I wake up with injuries is because my parents and everyone in the neighborhood killed a child molester years ago and he got supernatural powers and is haunting all of their children .
Now every time me or any of my friends go to sleep we are hurt or end up dead .
I have n’t slept in four days .
FML
Today I found out that the guy I was dating really was a 10 year old boy who was magically turned big .
I am a pedophile .
FML
Today , I came back from the dead as a ghost to speak with my family and tell them I am ok .
Instead they misconstrued my eating of hot dogs and wailing as something fiendish .
Before I could tell them I love them , four assholes with laser guns blasted me and forced me into a small box .
I wish I was in hell .
FMafterL
Today , after saving up for months , I bought my first NS 5 , the robot servant of the future .
At midnight all the robots in the world revolted .
I paid for my captor .
FML
Today , me and my family have been the caretakers of this old hotel in the middle of no where and my husband decided to write his novel to pass the time .
I found the typewriter and instead of a novel I see he has written the same phrase millions of times over .
Anything to get out of spending quality family time , I guess .
FML
Today , I lost my first court case to some stereotypical guido named Vinny .
Shortly after , I was disbarred .
FML
Today I woke up in a hospital bed with no one around .
After investigating I found that no one was in the whole the city .
Apparently a zombie like virus had broke out while I was in a coma and now everyone I know is either dead or a zombie .
Not only that but today is my birthday .
FML
Today , My Pregnant Dalmatian gave birth to 101 puppies .
I just lost my job , and now I have 104 mouths to feed .
There is dog shit everywhere .
FML
Today , my baseball team lost to the Cubs because their pitcher is a 12 year old boy who injured himself and can now throw really fast .
When I protested that this is n’t fair and immoral , the umpire told me that “ there is nothing in the rule book ‘ says a 12 year ca n’t play professional baseball . ”
FML
Today , I was feeding my famous giant plant blood when it started talking to me demanding that I feed it human flesh .
Apparently it is from outer space , carnivorous and sentient .
Then it started singing .
FML
Today is Christmas in Whoville and I woke up and found out that everything we had under the tree was stolen , even the crumbs for the mice .
Instead of calling the police , my parents made me go out to the streets to sing .
My Xbox was stolen , too .
FML
Today , I was really excited because I just got shipped to the USS Enterprise and I have been trying to get on a Star Fleet ship for years .
When I was getting my uniform I gave my name and ID and the half - Klingon behind the counter gave me a red uniform .
No one wearing that color has ever lived .
Ever. FML
Today , I ’m a theater owner and an old friend begged me house his act even though it involved a giant gorilla .
I was reluctant but he promised me it would be alright because it would be chained .
It broke out in the first act and destroyed half of New York causing millions of dollars in damages .
I ’m under arrest for being an accomplice .
FML
Today , I ’m still the Elephant Man. FML
My family found a St Bernard and despite me objections .
We took it into our family and named him Beethoven .
Three years later and everything I own is covered in drool .
FML
Today , I was at my bank in Gotham when the bank was robbed by a group of thieves dressed as clowns .
They forced us to hold grenades so we could n’t do anything with our hands .
After watching them kill each other and watching every other grenade explode , I now have so much post traumatic stress that I can never go into any bank without screaming and crying .
I am a bank manager .
FML
Today , I found out that all Toys are sentient and fucking PISSED at me .
FML
Today is the first day of school and I teach 3rd grade .
I found out that the new student who I have to teach is an anthropomorphic mouse named Stuart .
What ’s worse is I seem to be the only person who thinks that is unusual .
FML
Want more ?
Here ’s the first batch of FML For Movie Characters .
NPR is running a good roundup aimed at debunking the popular obstructionist myth that the use of the reconciliation process for passing a health care bill would somehow be unprecedented or represent some kind of wild departure from Congressional rules and traditions .
But as I 've occasionally insisted on reminding people via Twitter :
If you 've ever had COBRA coverage , you had it because of reconciliation .
It 's the " R " in COBRA .
In fact , the whole acronym stands for Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act , which refers to the bill that the well - known program of extended health benefits was included in when it passed Congress in 1985 .
But as the NPR story notes , there 's much , much more to the picture :
[ V ] ia a series of budget reconciliation bills , beginning in 1984 , Congress began expanding Medicaid coverage .
In 1997 , also in a budget reconciliation bill , it created the Children 's Health Insurance Program , known as CHIP .
Today , says [ GWU Prof. Sarah ]
Rosenbaum , who helped write many of the children 's health provisions in those bills , Medicaid and CHIP together cover 1 in every 3 children in the United States .
" So literally we 've changed everything about insurance coverage for children and families , and we 've changed access to health care all across the United States all as a result of reconciliation , " she says .
And ...
" Going back even close to 30 years , if you start say in 1982 , the reconciliation bill that year added the hospice benefit , which is very important to people at the end of life , " says Tricia Neuman , vice president and director of the Medicare Policy Project for the Kaiser Family Foundation .
Over the years , budget reconciliation bills added Medicare benefits for HMOs , for preventive care like cancer screenings ; added protections for patients in nursing homes ; and changed the way Medicare pays doctors and other health professionals .
There 's so much there , in fact , that NPR ended up posting it in sidebar chart form , too :
A History Of Reconciliation
For 30 years , major changes to health care laws have passed via the budget reconciliation process .
Here are a few examples : 1982 — TEFRA : The Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act first opened Medicare to HMOs 1986 — COBRA : The Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation
Act allowed people who were laid off to keep their health coverage , and stopped hospitals from dumping ER patients unable to pay for their care 1987 — OBRA ' 87 : Added nursing home protection rules to Medicare and Medicaid , created no - fault vaccine injury compensation program 1989 — OBRA ' 89 : Overhauled doctor payment system for Medicare , created new federal agency on research and quality of care 1990 — OBRA ' 90 : Added cancer screenings to Medicare , required providers to notify patients about advance directives and living wills , expanded Medicaid to all kids living below poverty level , required drug companies to provide discounts to Medicaid 1993 — OBRA ' 93 : created federal vaccine funding for all children 1996 — Welfare Reform : Separated Medicaid from welfare 1997 — BBA : The Balanced Budget Act created the state - federal childrens ' health program called CHIP 2005 — DRA : The Deficit Reduction Act reduced Medicaid spending , allowed parents of disabled children to buy into Medicaid
Yes , despite the claim made by the random Republican caller to C - SPAN during Darcy Burner 's appearance on Washington Journal this morning that reconciliation had never been used to pass any legislation of any kind ( !!! ) , the procedure has in fact been used dozens of times , on several occasions for exactly what opponents of health care reform insist has never , ever , ever been done .
No wonder Republicans want to eliminate public broadcasting .
Plenty of fake photos have popped up of Apple ’s tablet device , which it ’s supposed to be unveiled later this morning .
Now Engadget has a new batch of pictures sent from a tipster , which Gizmodo deems “ the most likely suspect ” among the photos the public has seen so far .
Well , we ’ve heard from a source with inside knowledge that this is the real deal — the fabled tablet .
Of course , you ca n’t actually make a whole lot out , what with the blur and the blocking out of parts of the device , but it seems to resemble a giant iPhone , particularly with its “ home ” button at the bottom and the Safari mobile web browser open .
That ’s not too surprising , especially since McGraw - Hill CEO Terry McGraw confirmed on CNBC that the tablet will run a version of the iPhone ’s operating system .
( He was also the first to officially confirm that the tablet exists . )
Of the parts of the photo that are clearly part of the tablet and not whatever it ’s encased in , that home button is the most obvious element that was n’t present in the photos that leaked late Monday , suggesting that those were fakes .
NEW YORK --
In his own view , Charles Woodson put together his best pro season in 2009 .
How appropriate , then , that he is The Associated Press 2009 NFL Defensive Player of the Year .
The versatile Woodson tied for the league lead with nine interceptions , returning three for touchdowns , and was a key to the Packers ' turnaround on defense .
His role in Green Bay 's performance -- second in the league in overall defense , first in interceptions ( 30 ) , takeaways ( 40 ) and turnover margin ( plus - 24 ) -- earned Woodson 28 votes Tuesday from a nationwide panel of 50 sportswriters and broadcasters who cover the NFL .
" It 's a great honor , " Woodson said in a telephone interview Tuesday .
" I felt like I put a lot into the game , mentally and physically -- your body 's always beat up -- and it 's great to be recognized . "
He doubled the number of votes for New York Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis in becoming the first Green Bay winner since Reggie White in 1998 and just the second Packer in the 36 - year history of the award .
Woodson , the 1997 Heisman Trophy recipient , is the first cornerback chosen as the top defensive player since Deion Sanders in 1994 .
After a disappointing performance by the Packers ' defense in Sunday 's 51 - 45 overtime playoff loss at Arizona , Woodson is more motivated than ever to pursue the one honor that has eluded him in his career : a Super Bowl victory .
" That 's it , " Woodson said .
" Especially now , to get this award , I 've done everything an individual can do . "
How much longer will he play ?
" I 'm just going to keep taking shots until I get back to the Super Bowl -- and win it , " Woodson said .
He got the honor in great part because of the way he anchored a defense in transition .
Woodson was used in a variety of ways by new defensive coordinator Dom Capers as Green Bay made the switch to a 3 - 4 .
At times , the unit was shaky -- except for Woodson , who played the role of cover cornerback , blitzer , run-stuffer and ball hawk .
" Any time you go out there on the field , you go out there to win the game , of course , " Woodson said , " but you go out there to be consistent and a reliable player .
And that 's what that award is .
You go out there , you can make plays and can continue to make them through the season and you 're mentioned as far as being defensive player of the year , you know you 're doing some things right . "
The Packers went 11 - 5 during the season , including taking seven of eight games in the second half of the schedule to secure an NFC wild - card berth .
In that span , Green Bay allowed 15.6 points per game .
Take away a last - second 37 - 36 loss to Pittsburgh , and the number becomes a minuscule 11.4 .
Woodson had 63 unassisted tackles and 18 assists , according to the Packers , plus 21 passes defensed , four forced fumbles and one recovery , two sacks for 18 yards , and three quarterback hits .
" I 've said it before , he 's had two or three games that I can't imagine any defensive player in the league having better games , " said Capers , who also coached Rod Woodson ( 1993 ) and Jason Taylor ( 2006 ) when they won the award .
" I think it speaks volumes when he was player of the month in September and came back and got player of the month again [ in November ] . "
In his third season , Revis established himself as the league 's premier cornerback , taking away such prime threats as Steve Smith , Randy Moss , Andre Johnson , Terrell Owens , Chad Ochocinco and Marques Colston .
He had six picks , returning one for a TD .
When talking to reporters Tuesday , Jets coach Rex Ryan did n't hide his displeasure with the vote .
" I was n't going to comment on it , " Ryan told reporters .
" But I would like to congratulate the people that voted for Darrelle Revis .
These guys obviously really know the game .
And you 've got to look at all the numbers , not just a number about this , or this stat or that stat . "
Ryan had high praise for Revis .
" For me , this is the best year a corner has ever had , the most impact a corner has ever had in the National Football League .
That 's my opinion .
But apparently that was n't the opinion of everybody who voted . "
Denver linebacker Elvis Dumervil , who led the league in sacks , and New Orleans safety Darren Sharper , who tied with Woodson for the interceptions lead and also ran back three for scores , each got three votes .
Minnesota end Jared Allen received the other two votes .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Supporters of the trace detection tests say not only are they easy and quick but also cheap - the one - off capital start - up costs would be about $ 40 million to cover all flights to the US , plus at most another $ 10 million a year to run .
By contrast , the X - ray style scanners are expensive , raise privacy issues for some and may not pick up devices hidden in body folds and cavities , Dr Fainberg said .
Unfortunately , it 's something I 've seen even the most experienced cyclist do : wipe out while crossing a set of train tracks .
As many of you know , you need to maneuver your bike 's angle of approach so that you hit the rails as perpendicular as possible .
But even knowing that , some demon riders do n't slow enough to sashay properly , and heck : poor newbies have no idea how the road 's mathematics work until it 's too late !
In Seattle , they are trying something I have never seen before that goes beyond the usual warning signage : the DOT is using " sharrows " and markings to visually guide cyclists in the art of making some of these crossings .
Anecdotally , it seems to work well .
I found it reassuring that my path was predetermined as I approached instead of having to guesstimate .
Stay within the lines - and all will be good .
But as John Mauro from the Cascade Bicycle Club points out , this is only an interim solution .
This is the missing link in the famous Burke - Gilman greenway , and families out cycling for the day should n't have to contend with dangerous sets of tracks in the first place .
Still , it is nice to see DOT's all across the country are getting creative and using cost effective solutions ( just a few marks with paint ) to keep us a little safer .
< blockquote class = " _text " > [ music ] </blockquote > < blockquote class = " _text " >
John Mauro : </ blockquote > < blockquote class = " _text " > [ 0:11 ]
I 'm John Mauro , and I 'm the commute director for the Cascade Bicycle Club .
And Streetfilms was out exploring the city of Seattle , and they came across the tracks on the missing link of the Burke - Gilman Trail , which has been a big problem spot for cyclists for several years .
It 's something that people have been struggling with , and we 've actually heard probably four or five dozen crashes right there due to those tracks . [ 0:36 ]
The long - term is to actually replace that section of trail .
And of course , we 're working to make sure that that link is completed .
But in the interim , instead of rerouting , paving a trail , ripping up the tracks , the Seattle Department of Transportation 's taken a pedal - by - pedal approach to getting people across the tracks , by taking sharrows and marking , every couple of feet , the cyclists ' path into the lane , taking a lane , like a cyclist should , and then crossing at a 90 - degree angle .
</ blockquote > < blockquote class = " _text " > [ music ] </ blockquote >
This report on the debate between Pielke Jnr , Ward and Muir - Wood at the Royal Institution is by Josh , the cartoonist whose work has been adorning this site recently .
The Royal Institution has all the academic grandeur you would expect but its decor is up to date and , in a word , posh .
The RI website reassuringly says " .. although this event is held on a Friday ... there is no dress code " .
The discussion was held in their old lecture theatre , with its steep seats and kitted out with excellent sound , projectors , and very comfy seats .
You could imagine the room hearing Michael Faraday 150 years ago - this time it was Roger Pielke Jr .
I am a scientific and medical artist and the notes I take are visual , usually in the form of cartoons , a few of which I include here .
This post will just be some overall impressions of the evening as you can listen to all the finer points on the RI website .
James Renderson chaired what was billed as a ' debate ' .
He got off to a bad start .
He attempted to ask the question ' Has global warming increased the toll of disasters ? ' but was immediately in trouble with the audience - most simply not understanding what the question was , and to be fair it was not a very good question , it was too ' fine ' .
The ' dont knows ' won hands down .
It was clear that although good natured , there was a lot of passion in the room and it felt overwhelmingly sceptical .
Robert Muir - Wood spoke first putting up the graph which has caused the IPCC so much recent embarrassment - the one that supposedly has global warming causing an upward trend in natural disasters and increased costs .
He gave details as to how it was taken out of context , misleadingly cited , and not peer reviewed .
Bob Ward followed .
He gives off an air of steely determination and slight menace , with a touch of the not - from - this - planet vibe .
However with this topic and this audience he was strangely tamed .
Robert had just shown that any linking of disasters with global warming was spurious , so anything he said to the contrary sounded unconvincing .
He sounded unconvinced himself .
Roger Pielke
Jr came last and was without doubt the star turn .
He spoke succinctly and with authority .
It is worth listening to the discussion just for his segment .
He showed that the IPCC ignored the advice of the expert reviewers to remove the misleading graph , that they made up an erroneous statement about Roger changing his mind , made a claim unsupported by the data in the final report and even now refuse to admit there is a problem .
The questions afterwards were fun .
Some asked interesting questions , some just rambled .
Piers Corbyn was there and told us all about his website and weather services - what a character he is .
So three speakers , not debating the wider subject of anthropogenic global warming but agreeing that there was no the link between disasters and global warming .
Not really a debate , unless you count the heckling from the audience .
I sat next to Christine Ottery , a Guardian journalist , who , impressively , twittered the whole thing - read her here .
James ended the discussion with a plug and , of course , a vote .
The plug was for the launch next week of a Guardian hosted web account from all sides of the Climate change debate - everyone will be able to add their arguments and annotate them .
And on the question ' Has global warming increased the toll of disasters ? ' - the house said decisively not .
Drunken fools and slush funds have one thing in common .
No one ever acts to cut them off .
Thus , it should be no surprise Treasury Extends TARP .
Facing opposition from Republican lawmakers , the Obama administration is extending its $ 700 billion financial - rescue program until next October , as expected , Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said Wednesday .
The Troubled Asset Relief Program , which has been a lightning rod for criticism that the government aided Wall Street while ignoring Main Street , had been set to expire Dec. 31 .
As of Dec. 9 , the Treasury had roughly $ 309.5 billion in TARP funds available for new commitments and programs .
Some funds may be used to increase Treasury 's contribution to the Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility .
Based on the statute that created TARP , the Obama administration would need Congress to approve any further extension of the use of TARP funds .
Mish :
President Obama said Wednesday the extension is really a " winding down " with a changed focus on troubled homeowners , small banks and small businesses .
Mish :
Obama added that the TARP program has served its original purpose of stemming the financial crisis , cost less than expected , and given government officials a chance to reduce the deficit faster .
GOP lawmakers have sought to block the extension , arguing that that the White House 's plans to use TARP to fund more government spending violates the intent of the law and adds to America 's debt burden .
" TARP was supposed to be a temporary plan to restore the health of the credit markets and protect the economy from a ' doomsday ' scenario , " said Rep. Spencer Bachus , R - Ala. , the ranking member on the House Financial Services Committee .
" Instead , the Obama administration is turning TARP into a permanent bailout agency and petty cash drawer for politically favored interests . "
Mish :
According to Geithner 's letter to Congress , Treasury does not expect to deploy more than $ 550 billion of the funds .
Mish :
petty cash
expectation
This month ’s off year elections sent one message to Washington that has been heard loud and clear .
Voters expect Congress to focus on the economy , especially employment , and take decisive and affirmative steps to deal with both the causes and ravages of the greatest economic downturn in the U.S. since the Great Depression .
As the Obama administration considers a variety of new proposals to help bring down the unemployment rate , one key constituency is raising its voice and asking for a return on the investment it made in his presidency .
Members of the Millennial generation , born between 1982 - 2003 , who were eligible to vote in 2008 went for Barack Obama over John McCain by a 2:1 margin and made up over 80 % of the President ’s winning margin .
They continue to support his presidency and identify as Democrats by similar margins .
A late October Pew survey indicates that Millennials identify as Democrats over Republicans by almost 20 percentage points ( 52 % vs. 34 % ) , well above the 8 - point Democratic advantage among older generations .
In the latest Research 2000 weekly tracking survey conducted for Daily Kos , 80 % of Millennials had a favorable opinion of the president ; only 14 % of everyone in this generation viewed him unfavorably .
This compares with a 55 % vs. 39 % favorable / unfavorable ratio among the entire electorate in both the Research 2000 survey and in a series of November surveys conducted by organizations ranging from ABC News and the Washington Post to Fox , although some other polls put the President ’s job performance ratings closer to 50 % .
But despite the clearly stronger support the President has among their generation , Millennials are increasingly restive about the lack of action in Congress to address the economic problems they face – both now and in the future .
Recent Pew research studies underline the major impact that the recession has had on individual Americans and their families .
Thirteen percent of parents with grown children told Pew researchers that one of their adult sons or daughters had moved back home in the past year .
Pew found that of all grown children living with their parents , 2 in 10 were full - time students , one - quarter were unemployed and about one - third had lived on their own before returning home .
According to the census , 56 percent of men 18 to 24 years old and 48 percent of women were either still under the same roof as their parents or had moved back home .
The lack of jobs was particularly acute among adult members of the Millennial Generation ( 18 - 27 year olds ) , 61 % of whom said that they or someone close to them was jobless recently .
A clear plurality ( 46 % ) says that the “ job situation ” rather than rising prices ( 27 % ) , problems in the financial markets ( 14 % ) and declining real estate values ( 7 % ) is their major economic worry .
As a result , the number one concern among Millennials is the state of the economy and the need for jobs , but they have a unique perspective on how to deal with this issue .
Millennials believe there is a clear link between education and employment and are increasingly concerned that the pathway through the educational system into the world of work is becoming increasingly more difficult and expensive to navigate .
Last week , about one hundred of the nation ’s top private sector and government leaders gathered for the Wall Street Journal ’s CEO Council also identified education as the nation ’s top economic priority .
For Millennials , the problem is personal .
A smaller share of 16 - to - 24 - year - olds – 46 percent – is currently employed than at any time since the government began collecting that data in 1948 .
A job market with Depression - level youth unemployment ( 18.5 % ) and a wrenching transformation in the types of jobs America needs and produces makes the implicit bargain of education in return for future economic success harder for Millennials to believe in every day .
Recently Matt Segal , Executive Director of the Student Association for Voter Empowerment ( SAVE ) and Founder and National Co-Chair of the “ 80 Million Strong for Young Americans Job Coalition ” presented some ideas to the House Education and Labor Committee on what Congress could do to address this challenge .
He advocated increased entrepreneurial resources be made available to youth ; more access to public service careers through internships and loan forgiveness programs ; and the creation of “ mission critical ” jobs in such fields as health care , cyber - security and the environment that would tap the unique talents of this generation .
Since two - thirds of Millennials who graduate from a four - year college do so with over $ 20,000 in debt , debt , his testimony also urged immediate Senate approval of the student debt reform bill recently passed by the House .
There is more that can be done beyond these excellent recommendations .
This summer , the President 's Council of Economic Advisors released a report outlining the importance of community colleges in making America 's workforce more competitive in the global economy .
" We believe it 's time to reform our community colleges so that they provide Americans of all ages a chance to learn the skills and knowledge necessary to compete for the jobs of the future . "
The report urged Congress to pass House Democratic Caucus Chairman John Larsen ’s bill , The Community College Technology Access
Act of 2009 , in order to help meet President Obama ’s goal of graduating five million more Americans from community colleges by 2020 .
Millennials , like their GI Generation great grandparents in the 1930s , are facing economic challenges that caught them by surprise and for which no one prepared them .
But Millennials are n’t looking for a handout or sympathy .
Instead , in the “ can do ” spirit of their generation , they are organizing to overcome the challenges created for them by their elders .
It ’s time for the Democrats who control Congress to recognize these concerns and to act decisively on their behalf .
Morley Winograd and Michael D. Hais are fellows of the New Democrat Network and the New Policy Institute and co-authors of Millennial Makeover : MySpace , YouTube , and the Future of American Politics ( Rutgers University Press : 2008 ) , named one of the 10 favorite books by the New York Times in 2008 .
That 's the spirit !
Cases of Mackinlay 's ' Rare Old ' scotch whisky have been recovered from the ice outside Shackleton 's Antarctic hut .
What will it taste like ?
After some hype and anticipation news has emerged that the crates of whisky long suspected to have been entombed by ice outside Sir Ernest Shackleton 's Antarctic hut have finally been recovered .
A team from the New Zealand Antarctic Heritage Trust have managed to extract five cases , three of Chas Mackinlay & Co's whisky and two containing brandy made by the Hunter Valley Distillery Limited , Allandale ( Australia ) , which were abandoned by the expedition in 1909 as encroaching sea ice forced a hasty departure .
Anything related to Shackleton 's abortive 1907 attempt to reach the south pole is as steeped in emotive significance as the ice which surrounded the cases was in whisky .
His most famous exploit , an 800 mile voyage in an open lifeboat across the southern ocean in 1916 , was a manly feat which made him the boyhood hero of generations of British blokes .
Even the string vest he wore on that occasion is a carefully preserved relic .
To find the actual whisky favoured by this ultimate man 's man is one thing , to taste the essence of death - defying , pipe - smoking , god - among - men masculinity will be quite another .
Extracting the whisky may not be as simple as it sounds as inevitably ice has got into the cases and broken at least some of the bottles , and if the corks have come into contact with the alcohol they will have degenerated .
Hopes are high however as liquid can be heard sloshing about inside the boxes and the steady , if chilly , temperature should have helped to preserve the spirit .
Unsurprisingly , Whyte & Mackay , who bought the Mackinlay 's distillery , are riding the testosterone wave of publicity .
Richard Paterson , their master blender , described the find as " a gift from the heavens " for whisky lovers and they hope to recreate the lost blend if the heritage regulations which govern the removal of historical objects from Antarctica will allow a sample to return home to Scotland .
Which begs the question why , if this represents the apogee of manly whisky drinking perfection , Mackinlay 's ' Rare Old ' was discontinued .
What , we wonder , does it taste like ?
According to Paterson , the answer is ' cold ' - which is probably how that gag leaves most of us .
On his blog he explains that " whiskies back then – a harder age – were all quite heavy and peaty as that was the style " , so presumably more smoky and less hot and peppery than some lighter modern styles .
Sounds pretty good .
Other foodstuffs are preserved inside and outside Shackleton 's hut , including ( according to this excellent blogpost ) " dried spinach , mint , stewed kidneys , oxtail soup , India relish , mutton cutlets in tomato sauce , Irish brawn , marrow fat , stewed rump steaks , tripe , concentrated egg powder , kippered mackerel , minced collops , and red currants ... there 's also the Antarctic classic , pemmican : dried meat mixed with fat , available in varieties for men and dogs . "
If you were stranded and needed something to soak up the scotch , what would tea be ?
It must have seemed to Fox News host Glenn Beck on Wednesday that he had found an easy target in MSNBC ’s Dylan Ratigan , but Ratigan has now proved himself fully capable of striking back in a war of dueling chalkboards .
The battle began when Beck took exception to Ratigan ’s statement that “ these ‘ snowpocalypses ’ that have been going through D.C. and other extreme weather events are precisely what climate scientists have been predicting , fearing and anticipating because of global warming . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Apparerntly , the hotter it gets , the colder it becomes , ” Beck commented mockingly , drawing a thermometer on his chalkboard that appeared to be twisting around to eat its own tail .
The next day , however , Ratigan offered his own response to Beck ’s “ massive storm of misinformation , ” explaining with a chuckle that “ in addition to that being completely wrong on so many levels , it ’s also a total misrepresentation of the climate change theory that I was attempting to explain . ”
Pulling out his own chalkboard for dramatic effect , Ratigan repeated — appearing to use simple language for Beck ’s benefit — that “ the theory basically states that the warmer climate will cause higher ocean temperatures , which means more ocean water evaporating .
…
More water in the air results in more precipitation on earth . ”
“ I do not belief this storm is proof of climate change , ” Ratigan emphasized .
“ My point very simply was that strong winter storms … do not by any stretch of the imagination rule out climate change . ”
“ So , Glenn , ” concluded Ratigan .
“ The next time you ’d like me to explain something … you can call me , invite me on your show .
If you ’d like , you can come on mine Unless that sort of in - context , direct engagement scares you a little too much . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC’s The Dylan Ratigan Show , broadcast Feb. 11 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Just made one of my nightly visits to ProFootballTalk.com and saw something that was just completely insane .
It was a video from LadAnian Tomlinson of the San Diego Chargers with his own rap song .
It was quite cheesy much like the stuff the Chicago Bears of the mid-80s did .
I do n’t really have any words to say about this except wow .
“ It is clear that inflation is likely to pick up markedly in the first half of this year , a message reinforced by this morning ’s news that CPI inflation reached 2.9 per cent in December .?.?. the rise in VAT back to 17.5 per cent means that CPI inflation is likely to rise to over 3 per cent for a while , or even higher for even longer were energy prices or indirect taxes to increase further . ”
Florida House Rep. says imminent SCOTUS decision ‘ a potential threat to our democracy ’
Responding to a Supreme Court case that could result in most of the US ’s restrictions on campaign spending being tossed off the books , US House Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - FL ) has introduced a series of bills that would severely curtail the ability of corporate donors to influence the outcome of elections .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We are facing a potential threat to our democracy , ” Grayson told the Huffington Post ’s Arthur Delaney .
“ Unlimited corporate spending on campaigns means the government is up for sale and that the law itself will be bought and sold .
It would be political bribery on the largest scale imaginable . ”
Reflecting his typically flamboyant style , the congressman who drew instant political fame when he mused that the Republican strategy for health care amounts to hoping sick people “ die quickly ” has given his bills humorous names .
Delaney reports :
The Business Should Mind Its Own Business
Act would impose a 500 percent excise tax on corporate contributions to political committees and on corporate expenditures on political advocacy campaigns .
The Corporate Propaganda Sunshine
Act would require public companies to report what they spend to influence public opinion on any matter other than the promotion of their goods and services .
The End Political Kickbacks
Act would restrict political contributions by government contractors .
If passed , the bills would represent the most stringent restrictions on campaign spending ever seen in the United States .
But at least one critic of Grayson ’s bills believes the measures are lacking because they focus too much on corporations , and not enough on other large donors to political campaigns , such as labor unions and political pressure groups .
“ These are totally targeted at corporations , but [ the Supreme Court case ] is widely believed to affect corporations and unions and nonprofits equally , ” Jeff Patch of the Center for Competitive Politics told the Huffington Post .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Supreme Court case known as Citizens United vs. FEC involves a political pressure group — Citizens United — that has been accused by the FEC of breaking the McCain - Feingold Act ’s restrictions on campaign spending .
But last summer the Supreme Court widened the case ’s scope to include all the campaign restriction laws passed in the US since 1907 .
Conservative justices on the bench are arguing that the restrictions on campaign contributions violate corporations ’ and organizations ’ free speech rights under the First Amendment .
But other jurists wonder whether corporations should have free speech rights at all .
The result could “ usher in ” a “ brave new world of politics ” where “ auto companies that receive multibillion - dollar bailouts could spend vast sums to re-elect the same officials who hand them the money , ” the New York Times wrote in an editorial .
“ If Exxon Mobil or Wal - Mart wants something from a member of Congress , it could threaten to spend as much as it takes to defeat him or her in the next election . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
On the face of it , Grayson ’s bills appear to be political posturing with little chance of passing the House and Senate .
But the Florida Democrat says he consulted with House Democratic leadership before launching his bills .
And , as ABC News reports , other lawmakers are also concerned about Citizens United v. FEC and are taking steps to put into place some sort of campaign law framework for the 2010 elections , if the court sides with Citizens United .
ADVERTISEMENT
[ Update : Chat will begin at 1:00 PM EST ]
If you were here at WhiteHouse.gov last week you may well have seen the President 's event answering questions submitted through YouTube by citizens across the country .
If you missed it , you can still watch the video of course .
But if you were one of the 64,969 people who cast 772,384 votes on 14,459 questions , and did n't get your favorite question asked , all is not lost .
We pledged from the beginning that we would make an effort to answer some more of the questions after the President 's interview , and we 'll be following through tomorrow in a chat where we 'll take another round of questions submitted last week , along with some live questions in a chat run by YouTube .
The chat will be at 12:45 EST with some of our key policy folks from the Domestic Policy Council , the National Economic Council , and the National Security Council .
Join the chat at YouTube.com / citizentube or through facebook .
BAGHDAD  A wave of American companies have been arriving in Iraq in recent months to pursue what is expected to be a multibillion - dollar bonanza of projects to revive the country ’s stagnant petroleum industry , as Iraq seeks to establish itself as a rival to Saudi Arabia as the world ’s top oil producer .
Since the 2003 American - led invasion , nearly all of the biggest reconstruction projects in Iraq have been controlled by the United States .
But many rebuilding contracts are expected to be awarded as soon as this month for drilling hundreds of new wells , repairing thousands of miles of pipeline and building several giant floating oil terminals in the Persian Gulf , and possibly a new port .
The contracts will be administered either directly by the Iraqi government or as part of Baghdad ’s oversight of international oil companies that have signed agreements during the past few months to develop the country ’s most promising oil fields .
There are misgivings , however , about Iraq ’s ability to adequately monitor contracts that could total $ 10 billion over the next five years .
The concerns have been heightened by the prominent role expected to be played by American companies that have been criticized in the past by United States government auditors and inspectors for overcharging by hundreds of millions of dollars , performing shoddy work and failing to finish hundreds of crucial projects while under contract in Iraq .
It ’s a bit of an understatement to suggest that the men ’s Olympic hockey tournament is important .
It ’s especially important for Canadians , not only because it ’s in Canada , but because of the absolute debacle in Torino four years ago .
Too bad USA Basketball already coined the Redeem Team .
There is a lot at stake for the Russians as well .
This is a chance at the ultimate retribution for the game 8 loss incurred in Russia over 30 years ago during the Summit Series .
Teams like Sweden and Finland are being overlooked by the media as serious contenders for the Gold medal , despite being the two finalists in 2006 .
They have motivation to defend their national honour and prove that Gold is n't just a two - nation race .
There is not only a lot at stake for each country , but there is a lot at stake for certain players .
Of course we all understand the pressure on players like Crosby and Ovechkin , but it ’s highly probable that these players will perform to our expectations regardless of how high they are .
We know how good these guys are .
It 's unlikely they will change our perception of them , barring some cataclysmic collapse .
But there are many players throughout the tournament that have something to prove .
Who will use this tournament to catapult themselves into national superstardom like Jarome Iginla did in 2002 ?
Who will elevate their game to the next level and prove their critics wrong ?
Who will become this year ’s Tommy Salo and have their career self - destruct before our eyes ?
Patrick Marleau and Joe Thornton
San Jose .
I ’ve can be their ultimate stage for their redemption .
If Marleau and Thornton play at the high level they do during the regular season then it could be over for the rest of the competition .
Plus , a strong performance in Vancouver can not only prove to everyone else that they can win big , but , more importantly , would prove to themselves that they are capable of such a performance .
This confidence could carry into the playoffs and the Sharks could finally lift a Stanley Cup after being the trendy pick for the past decade .
This tournament can go a long way in erasing the big game bust status that these two players have accumulated over their time in .
I ’ve openly derided both players , as have many , but thistheir ultimate stage for their redemption .
Ifand Thornton play at the high level they do during the regular season then it could be over for the rest of the competition .
Plus , a strong performance in Vancouver can not only prove to everyone else that they can win big , but , more importantly , would prove to themselves that they are capable of such a performance .
This confidence could carry into the playoffs and the Sharks could finally lift a Stanley Cup after being the trendy pick for the past decade .
Peter Forsberg
The endless Forsberg return / retirement / injury saga wore everybody out .
Seemingly every year Peter decided his precarious health was positive enough to attempt a return to the NHL for brief playoff runs .
The will he / wo n’t he garbage that went on week after week was torture .
When healthy , Peter Forsberg was the most dominate player of the late - 90s / early - 2000s .
Has the time off healed Forsberg enough that he can have a turn back the clock type performance in the Olympics and prove to everyone that he still can play hockey at a high level ?
Hey , he might even convince himself he ’s fit enough to sign with a team for the stretch run .
Or maybe he wo n’t even play .
Who knows with Forsberg .
Alexander Radulov
The former Nashville Predators player who bolted for the KHL after two promising seasons in the NHL is tearing apart the KHL .
He has 57 points in 51 games and is +38 .
Of course , this is a league where Marcel Hossa has 32 goals and Alexei Yashin is 3rd in league scoring .
Belittling the KHL aside , Radulov is a premier talent who has the chance to land a spot on the top two lines depending on his play .
A strong tournament for him could go a long way in legitimizing the KHL .
It would show the world that the KHL is n’t only a place for old European stars or marginal NHLers .
His success may also make the KHL more attractive in the eyes of the NHL's younger Russians ( I 'm talking to you Nikolai Kulemin ! Stay in Toronto ) .
Jaromir Jagr
Jagr is another KHL star who will be playing in the Olympics .
He ’s 37 years old and is n’t the dominating player he once was ( currently 18th in KHL scoring ) , but he could potentially use the Olympics to showcase his talents for any interested NHL teams .
There would certainly be some interest in Jagr if he made himself available to any team down the stretch or next season .
He is under contract with Avangard Omsk ( cool name ) for the rest of the season , but I ’m not convinced the KHL has a steady cash flow .
And I certainly do n’t believe that the KHL has the money to pay Jagr ’s reported salary of $ 10 million a year .
Maybe Jagr gets out early .
Or maybe he honours his contract and decides to give the NHL one more shot next year .
Either way , a strong Olympics can go a long way in solidifying interest .
Drew Doughty
The 20 - year - old London native has ice in his veins .
He made the jump to the NHL right from junior and never looked out - of - place .
In fact , he played more minutes than any other rookie ( quick shout out to Luke Schenn for being second ) and was 16th in the entire league in total minutes played .
He dominated at last year ’s world championships and looks like a legitimate contender for the Norris Trophy in his sophomore year ( 45 points , +17 , 10th in total minutes played ) .
He ’s currently Canada ’s seventh defenceman , but how long does it take before he works his way up the depth chart ?
If anyone falters in front of him there is no doubt Coach Babcock and staff will increase his responsibility .
I say by the end of the tournament he will no longer be the seventh man .
Jaroslav Halak
The Slovakian netminder has taken the starting job away from Carey Price in Montreal and is the main reason the Canadiens remain competitive in the East .
If Halak performs well at the Olympics it may be the evidence Montreal needs to commit themselves to Halak long - term .
Whether or not that means trading Carey Price or not is questionable , but at this point it looks awfully unlikely that Carey Price will be able to develop into a superstar underneath the immense pressure in Montreal .
Maybe the Olympics is where Canadiens fans fully support Halak and give management enough PR leeway to trade Price .
Ryan Miller
Henrik and Daniel Sedin
The Canucks and their fans claim that they are overlooked as true Stanley Cup contenders and both Daniel and Henrik do n’t seem to get the respect they deserve ( although , I ’m one of the people that are n’t giving them this respect … ) .
Henrik is second in the league in points only to Alex Ovechkin ( who is on pace to score over 120 points ) and everyone thought he was the ( very slighty ) less talented brother because he was n’t the “ goal scorer ” .
Plus , the twins will be playing as home town favourites and should ensure the Swedes get treated like the home team provided they are n't playing Canada .
This Olympics can go a long way in not only giving the Sedins national respect , but the entire Canucks team as well .
The fortunes of the U.S. lie solely with Ryan Miller .
They have a solid , young team in front of him , but lack the depth of other teams in the tournament to truly be considered a threat .
However , Miller is doing his best impersonation of a stone wall in the crease this season and is carrying the Buffalo Sabres to a potential division title .
Remember , in 1998 Dominik Hasek basically single - handedly won a Gold medal for the Czechs who were serious underdogs .
By Jason Palmer
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
An X - ray image shows activity at the Sun 's surface Researchers say the Sun is awakening after a period of low activity , which does not bode well for a world ever more dependent on satellite navigation .
The Sun 's irregular activity can wreak havoc with the weak sat - nav signals we use .
The last time the Sun reached a peak in activity , satellite navigation was barely a consumer product .
But the Sun is on its way to another solar maximum , which could generate large and unpredictable sat -nav errors .
It is not just car sat - nav devices that make use of the satellite signals ; accurate and dependable sat - nav signals have , since the last solar maximum , quietly become a necessity for modern infrastructure .
Military operations worldwide depend on them , although they use far more sophisticated equipment .
Sat -nav devices now form a key part of emergency vehicles ' arsenals .
They are used for high - precision surveying , docking ships and they may soon be used to automatically land commercial aircraft .
Closer to home , more and more trains depend on a firm location fix before their doors will open .
Simple geometry
The satellite navigation concept is embodied currently by the US GPS system and Russia 's Glonass network , with contenders to come in the form of Europe 's Galileo constellation and China 's Compass system .
It depends on what is - at its root - a simple triangulation calculation .
A fleet of satellites circling the Earth are constantly beaming a radio signal with two bits of exceptionally precise information : where exactly they are , and at exactly what time .
A sat -nav receiver on Earth - or on a ship or plane - collects the time and position signals from the satellites that happen to be in its line of sight .
It then works out , based on how long it took those signals to arrive , how far it is from each of those satellites .
Some simple geometry yields its position .
1 . Satellites advertise their exact position , and the precise time at which they are sending it 2 .
The signal travels through the outer atmosphere , the ionosphere ; its speed depends on how much the Sun 's radiation and particle winds are affecting the ionosphere 's composition 3 .
A receiver on Earth determines how long the signals took to arrive from a number of satellites , calculating the position from the time differences
But those signals are incredibly weak and , as researchers have only recently begun to learn , sensitive to the activity on the Sun .
Solar flares - vast exhalations of magnetic energy from the Sun 's surface - spray out radiation across the electromagnetic spectrum , from low - energy radio waves through to high - energy gamma-rays , along with bursts of high - energy particles toward the Earth .
The radiation or waves that come from the Sun can make sat - nav receivers unable to pick out the weak signal from satellites from the solar flare 's aftermath .
There is little that current technology can do to mitigate this problem , with the exception of complex directional antennas used in military applications .
Sat -nav receivers will be blinded for tens of minutes , probably a few times a year at the solar maximum .
Charged up
A further complication comes from the nature of the outermost layer of the Earth 's atmosphere , the ionosphere .
That is composed in part of particles that have ionised , or been ripped apart by radiation from the Sun , with the composition dependent on how much radiation is coming from the Sun at a given time .
The problem comes about because sat -nav technology assumes that signals pass through at a constant speed - which in the ionosphere is n't necessarily the case .
" The key point is how fast the signals actually travelled , " said Cathryn Mitchell of the University of Bath .
" When they come through the ionosphere , they slow down by an amount that is actually quite variable , and that adds an error into the system when you do the calculations for your position , " Professor Mitchell told BBC News .
The amount of solar activity runs on many cycles ; the ionisation will be different on the sun - lit side of the Earth from the night side , and different between summer and winter ; each of these cycles imparts a small error to a sat - nav 's position .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
But the disruption caused by solar flares is significantly higher .
The increased radiation will ionise more molecules , and the bursts of particles can become trapped in the ionosphere as the Earth 's magnetic field drags them in .
The effects that sat - nav users will face , however , are difficult to predict .
" We can look at the measurements from the last solar maximum , " Professor Mitchell said .
" If we project those forward , it varies quite a lot across the Earth ; looking at the UK it will be about 10 - metre errors in the positioning . "
The errors would be much more long - lasting than the " blindness " problem , lasting hours or even days .
" Ten metres out is probably going to be OK for a sat - nav system in a car , but if you 're using the system for something safety - critical like ships coming into harbour for navigation or possibly in the future landing aircraft , you 're looking for much greater accuracy and more importantly , much greater reliability . "
Bob Cockshott , a director of the government - funded Digital Systems Knowledge Transfer Network , said that for most consumer applications such as sat-nav for cars , the problem will be more troublesome than dangerous .
" You might find for a number of hours or even a day or two you could n't go out surveying or be able to dock your oil tanker at the deep - ocean oil well , " he told BBC News .
" It 's more at the annoyance level than something that 's going to bankrupt your business . "
A number of schemes have been proposed to do real - time corrections to the signals as the atmosphere changes , allowing for local adjustments that are broadcast to receivers by other means such as the mobile phone network .
However , Mr Cockshott said that it remains unclear whether such a correction makes sense economically for manufacturers of sat - nav - enabled technology .
So as the Sun builds up to its peak in a few years ' time , be aware that your sat - nav may for a time give some strange results - or for a short while none at all .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Climate change is bringing freezing temperatures to poor villages where families have long existed on the margins of survival .
Now some must choose whether to save the animals that give them a living , or their children
For alpaca farmer Ignacio Beneto Huamani and his young family , life in the Peruvian Andes , at almost 4,700 m above sea level , has always been a struggle against the elements .
His village of Pichccahuasi , in Peru's Huancavelica region , is little more than a collection of small thatched shelters and herds of alpaca surrounded by beautiful , yet bleakly inhospitable , mountain terrain .
The few hundred people who live here are hardened to poverty and months of sub - zero temperatures during the long winter .
But , for the fourth year running , the cold came early .
First their animals and now their children are dying and in such escalating numbers that many fear that life in the village may be rapidly approaching an end .
In a world growing ever hotter , Huancavelica is an anomaly .
These communities , living at the edge of what is possible , face extinction because of increasingly cold conditions in their own microclimate , which may have been altered by the rapid melting of the glaciers .
A consequence is that Quechua - speaking farmers and their families , who have managed to subsist for centuries at high altitude , believe they may not make it through the next southern winter .
There have been warnings from meteorologists in Peru that this month will see the Huancavelica region hit by the worst weather conditions in years with plunging temperatures , floods and high winds .
The weather is already claiming lives ; last month seven people died and scores were treated in hospital after torrential rain caused flash flooding in Ayacucho , the capital of the neighbouring region .
The cold is tipping Pichccahuasi into a spiralling decline brought on by pneumonia , bronchitis and hunger .
Although designed to withstand the cold , Huamani 's house is crumbling and his roof , half - collapsed from the snowstorms that battered the village last June and July , offers scant protection from the freezing wind and rain .
His family , including four young children , sleep on wet ground night after night .
His children have not yet recovered from illnesses from this year 's winter and he is terrified that they wo n't be resilient enough to endure further freezing weather .
He points to his youngest son , aged two , who trails after him , soaking wet and racked with bouts of coughing , as he goes about his work
" All the children here are sick , they all have breathing problems , " he says .
" The problem is there is too much cold , too much rain .
We have had no time to recover from last winter before it has begun again .
There is nothing I can do . "
Climate change campaigners and development NGOs say that the failure of Copenhagen has signed the death warrant for hundreds of thousands of the world 's poorest and that a quarter of a million children will die before world leaders meet again to try to thrash out another deal at the United Nations next climate change conference in Mexico in December .
Among them may be these children of the high mountains .
Enduring prolonged sub - zero temperatures is a matter of course for Peru 's indigenous mountain people , many of whom live at more than 3,000 m above sea level .
Scores die every year from the cold , but in recent years the number of people succumbing to the freezing temperatures has triggered talk of a national crisis .
This year the neighbouring district of Puno saw a severe spike in child mortality as the winter brought months of high winds and relentless ice storms .
Government figures record that more than 300 children died in Puno in May last year from the cold ; NGOs say that the figure was probably much higher .
Local government officers in Huancavelica could not provide figures for how many children died here last year , but admit that child mortality is rising in the region .
" There have been many dead children .
I do n't know how many , but there are more and more and mainly the deaths have been from pneumonia , " says Rafael Rojas Huanqui , regional director for the Defensa Civil , the national disaster protection agency .
" They have no resilience of any kind to deal with the weather getting colder . "
Huancavelica has always been one of Peru 's most deprived regions , with 80 % of families , largely indigenous farmers living at heights of up to 5,000 m , subsisting below the poverty line .
The changing weather has come on top of a lack of basic health services , animal diseases , rising food prices and a declining availability of water .
Since 2007 , children 's acute respiratory infections have increased by 30 % and staple food production has fallen by 44 % .
Latest figures show that one in 10 children do not live to see their first birthday .
Ignacio Huamani says that the main problem his village faces is a lack of water , as more extreme temperatures mean there is no grass or drinking water for the alpaca that people breed for wool and meat .
" If the alpaca die , then we all die , " he says .
He works with his neighbours to build shelters for the alpaca to give some protection from the elements , but he is fighting a losing battle .
Since 2007 , alpaca mortality in Huancavelica has more than doubled , with pregnant animals aborting their calves , a huge psychological as well as economic blow to people who rely on their ability to keep their herds alive .
Any money the village has is spent on trying to keep their animals from dying .
NGOs and children 's groups working in the area warn that in such desperate situations , the lives of alpaca become more valuable than those of children .
" The welfare of children is sidelined because the situation is so bad that everything has become about the survival of the animals , both for the families themselves and the agencies who are trying to support them , " says Teresa Carpio , director of Save the Children Peru .
She expects to see child mortality in the region rise this year .
" In the west we tend to think that children take priority above all else , but when there is this level of desperation , children can be the last to get the attention they so badly need – until it is too late . "
Four hours ' drive away in the larger community of Incahuasi , a health clinic is full of women and children waiting to see a visiting nurse .
Helen dos Santos trained in nearby Ayacucho , but unlike most other locally trained health workers has stayed to work in the region .
Now she spends her week travelling on foot between villages , walking for up to five hours a day .
" It 's always been poor here , but now the situation is getting critical , " she says .
She points to the 20 or so children lined up in the waiting room .
" All of these children are malnourished , some very dangerously so , and winter is still five months away .
" I do n't have any strong antibiotics to give them , only aspirin .
I can't even refer them to the hospital in Huancavelica because nobody has enough money to pay for transport there and the men here are reluctant to spend on anything but the animals . "
Rojas Huanqui says the regional government is working hard to strengthen health systems with more doctors and nurses in " most " of the villages , but admits that the state has been unable to deliver the basic services required .
" I 'm not going to deny that it 's really hard to supply the great amount of villages there are , and they are used to getting everything for free , so the progress that the government makes is limited , but we do need to implement stronger medicines up in the villages that need it most , " he says .
There is anger among Huancavelica 's mountain people at what they see as the inaction of regional and central government .
Although aid packages and clothing bundles arrive with the onset of winter , it does not compensate for what these people believe is the ambivalence of the authorities to their fate .
" We can only put ourselves in God 's hands , because nobody else is helping us , " says Carolina Flores , a mother of six whose six - month - old daughter is dangerously ill with pneumonia .
" Our men have gone and talked to people in the government and told them what is happening to us , but they do nothing .
We are not important to them , so we die up here and nobody helps us . "
For how long the mountain people are prepared to wait for action remains to be seen .
After hundreds of years of systematic discrimination , there are signs that indigenous people across Peru are prepared to fight what they consider to be threats to their survival .
Last July , dozens of indigenous protesters were killed and scores injured when riots broke out in Bagua Grande in the Amazonas region over claims that the government was giving away land to oil and gas drilling .
The relationship between Peru 's indigenous people and the government of the president , Alan García remains tense .
Those working with indigenous populations in Huancavelica are warning that governments cannot expect people in threatened villages to accept their fate lying down .
" The conduct of the authorities in relation to Peru's Quechua mountain communities is similar to the one they take to indigenous communities throughout the country , which is to ignore their problems because they do n't believe that they are a priority , " says Dr Enrique Moya , the former dean of Huamanga University , who now works with local NGOs which are running support programmes in the region .
" Religion is still a strong sedative in these communities , but although the first reaction to what they are facing might be fatalism – the feeling that they are in God 's hands – we are starting to see a change .
" The difficulty is that the government only reacts when things turn violent , so I think what we have here is potentially an area of great conflict , because no matter how used to poverty they are , these people wo n't be left to die . "
You Tube
January 25 , 2010
Dr. Antony Sutton was a research scholar at Stanford University ’s Hoover Institution .
Through his scientific historical research he saw the bigger picture of how the secret US establishment ( largely operating through the Skull & Bones secret society ) uses the Hegelian dialectic ( create thesis & antithesis to control synthesis ) to create , manage and perpetuate conflict .
Dr. Sutton ’s book on ‘ the Order ’ :
http://sandiego.indymedia.org/media/2006/10/119639.pdf
From the Guardian , an article on how Prescott Bush ( Skull & Bones , W’s grandfather ) financed Nazism in Germany :
http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2004/sep/25/usa.secondworldwar
PART 1/4 :
PART 2/4 :
PART 3/4 :
PART 4/4 :
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Power , then as now , brings its own price .
Neither life nor death was kind to this unfortunate son of Jehangir .
Recounting one of the most tragic yet inspiring stories to come out of Mughal India …
The Great Fort , Agra , August 28 1605 .
Inside the gilded chambers of the Royal Quarters a man lay on his bed , dying .
Select queens of the zenanaand senior courtiers were gathered around , as was a younger man of royal countenance in his mid-thirties .
It was upon him that the gaze of the sinking man finally rested .
He was not to know , even if he was in any position to reflect on it , that the prince had been smuggled into the room in the nick of time .
He raised his head painfully and nodded , beckoning the prince forward .
With a servant supporting him reverently , the sick man placed the robes and turban of kingship in the younger man 's hands in a formal yet curiously tender gesture .
Then he fell back on the cushions ; his eyes roved around the room one last time before glazing forever .
The wails of the women from the anteroom began , marking the end of one of the defining reigns in the annals of Hindustan .
For almost half a century , Jalaluddin Mohammed Akbar had been master of the largest empire since Asoka .
He was the greatest of the Mughals , an empire - builder of genius , whose name shines undimmed through the passage of centuries not just for what he achieved by force of arms , but for the brilliant administrative edifice through which he governed , and for the religious syncretism and tolerance that he brought to polity .
Akbar was a man far in advance of his time .
So potent was his persona that only those most gifted and possessed of a strong sense of self - worth could stand up to him .
It was a trait that was to have fateful consequences for his heirs .
Akbar had three sons : Salim , Murad and Daniyal , born to him in 1569 , 1570 and 1572 respectively .
Yet , by 1605 only Salim still lived ; the other two had self - destructed through addiction to opium and alcohol .
At the time of his father 's death , Salim too had become over - fond of stimulants and subject to the most capricious mood swings when in the grip of arrack and opium .
Between 1600 and 1605 he also led a series of revolts against Akbar , and war between father and son was averted only through the intervention of Akbar 's senior begums , and by Salim 's own realisation that he was militarily no match for his father .
In despair over the succession , Akbar 's mind turned to one who , by widespread consent , had all the requisite qualities to succeed him : Salim 's eldest son Khusrau .
Khusrau was born in October 1587 to Salim and Man Bai , a Rajput princess from Amber .
She was reportedly highly strung , but no trace of this showed in her son in the early years .
Khusrau soon grew up to be a court favourite .
Edward Terry , a clergyman at the Mughal court writes of him : “ He had a pleasing presence and excellent carriage , was exceedingly beloved of the common people , their love and delight ” .
At 18 , Khusrau was everything his father was not : personable , brave , and a talented battlefield commander .
Struggle for power
Inevitably , in the years just prior to Akbar 's death his court was a political cauldron , “ a snake - pit of intrigue ” between the rival camps of Salim and Khusrau .
So distressed was Man Bai at the vicious infighting that she committed suicide by an overdose of opium in May 1605 .
By October , the succession was poised on a knife - edge .
Salim was backed by Akbar 's senior wives who wielded considerable power behind the scenes ; Khusrau by the duo of Man Singh , the Raja of Amber , and Aziz Khan Koka ( Khusrau 's uncle and father - in - law respectively ) .
These two were amongst the most influential nobles in the Mughal durbarand Khusrau 's star seemed clearly in the ascendant .
Khusrau himself was convinced that he was destined to be the next ruler of Hindustan , addressing his own father in terms of equality as ‘ Bhai ' or brother rather than as a father .
No sooner was Akbar laid to rest than events began to move at breakneck speed .
At a meeting of the senior umracalled to decide the succession , Akbar 's handing of the robes of kingship to Salim tipped the scales in favour of the Salim faction , which carried the day .
On November 2 , 1605 , Salim ascended the Mughal throne as Nuruddin Mohammed Jahangir Padshah Ghazi .
One of the first acts of the new Emperor was to have Prince Khusrau confined to his quarters in the fort , with only his wife to keep him company .
Chroniclers at Jehangir 's court record dismissively Khusrau 's descent into melancholy at this time , even attributing it to deficiencies in character inherited from his mother 's side .
But this was a young man who had been offered a giddy vision of power afforded to very few , encouraged by many , including his illustrious grandfather , to believe in his manifest destiny — only to have it crushed in the space of just hours .
Whatever be the reason , Khusrau 's character now underwent a shift as the disappointment ate into him like a cancer .
Goaded on by a wide network of informants and sympathisers , he made his move on April 15 , 1606 .
During a visit to the tomb of his grandfather Akbar at Sikandra near Delhi , he slipped past his guards and , with a small band of soldiers faithful to him , struck out northwest towards Lahore .
The rebellion
The news of Khusrau 's flight sped through the country like wildfire .
Malcontents of every kind — disaffected Chugtai and Rajput clans and several frontier tribes — flocked to his banner as did some senior Akbar loyalists .
However , Khusrau did not foresee the swiftness of the Mughal response .
For once , Jahangir acted with speed and decision .
The newly appointed governor , Dilawar Khan , raced from Agra to Lahore in just 11 days and strengthened and sealed the defences before Khusrau 's army could reach the city .
Simultaneously , a punitive force of over 50,000 was assembled at Agra and launched towards the enemy .
Unable to break Lahore 's defences , Khusrau had no option but to turn and fight .
The armies met on the north bank of the Ravi on April 27 , 1606 .
Fighting in heavy rain , which turned the battlefield into a mud soup , the rebels were routed and Khusrau captured and brought before his father in chains .
Jahangir 's retribution was ruthless .
The rebel soldiers and their commanders were impaled alive on stakes by the hundreds , and Khusrau forced to ride between the screaming men to witness their agony up close .
A more fateful outcome was the summary execution of the Sikh Guru , Arjan Dev , whose only fault was to bless Khusrau on his way to Lahore ; an act dictated purely by the canons of hospitality , and which in no way could be construed as supportive of the rebellion .
The result was a scarring of the Sikh psyche that would reverberate for centuries .
Khusrau 's life was spared , but he was condemned to a fate almost as terrible .
Either immediately after the rebellion or a year later , holding him complicit in a further plot against him , Jahangir ordered Khusrau blinded .
In a measure of the popular feeling that Khusrau could still arouse , several voices at court , including those of Jahangir loyalists , pleaded for him to be spared .
But the Emperor was adamant and in one contemporary account , the act was done by wire inserted into his eyes , causing a pain “ beyond all expression ” .
He was then thrown into a dungeon .
Through it all , the victim bore himself stoically , uttering not a word of remonstrance .
Thus was a much - loved prince of Hindustan cauterised from the circles of power and condemned to live out the remainder of his life in darkness and obscurity .
But the saga of Khusrau was not ended .
Its highest moments were yet to come , and would stand testament to the extraordinary transcendence of the human spirit .
Soon after the blinding of Khusrau , Jahangir — possibly in a fit of remorse — ordered his physicians to see if they could restore his son's vision .
With their efforts , Khusrau was spared the horror of total blindness ; a thin haze of light penetrated his eyes so that he lived in a shadow world where people moved as ghost images across a screen .
Jehangir then even began to allow Khusrau into court , but to little effect .
As the monarch observed , “ He showed no elevation of spirit and was always downcast and sad , so then I forbade him to see me any further … ”
Still , Khusrau was far from being reduced to a non-entity .
Significantly , whenever the Mughal Emperor travelled out of Agra , the royal convoy would more often than not have Khusrau in its wake , shuffling along in leg chains .
Once when Jahangir embarked on a long hunting trip , he had Khusrau walled up in a tower .
This was a prince whom the ruling elite still feared for his hold on the popular imagination .
Admiration for the prince had even grown since his blinding , his stoicism then and after widely commented on by observers at the time .
Khusrau had another priceless asset : his wife , the daughter of Aziz Khan Koka .
In the years that followed , through all their trials and tribulations , husband and wife remained passionately devoted to each other .
Though Jahangir had made it clear that she was free to do as she pleased , she refused to leave Khusrau , instead tending to him lovingly , and remaining by his side even when he was walled up in the tower .
The Khusrau affair
And so the years passed .
Then , in 1616 , there occurred a series of events that came to be known as ‘ the Khusrau affair ' .
Jahangir had been now on the throne for 11 years .
Apart from Khusrau , he had sired three sons , two of whom , Pervez and Shahriyar , were effete .
The last , Khurram , was a brilliant general with exceptional military and administrative gifts .
In 1615 , he had covered himself with glory by subjugating Mewar , which had been a thorn in Mughal flesh for decades , and his claim to succeed an ageing Jahangir seemed complete .
However , by this time the Emperor was only a figurehead .
Real authority had long since passed , with his consent , to the woman who ruled in all but his name — the Empress Nur -Jahan .
And in the rise of Prince Khurram she saw a threat to her dominance .
Nur -Jahan was a consummate player in the game of power .
In a bid to neutralise Khurram , she approached Khusrau for the hand of Ladli Begum , her daughter by her first husband .
The adventurer Pietro Della Valle has left a fascinating account of what followed .
First Nur -Jahan informed Khusrau of that which he knew already : that Khurram had demanded the custody of Khusrau from Jahangir .
Khurram claimed that he feared another plot against Jahangir by his half - brother .
This fooled no one , for by now it was patently clear that Khusrau was incapable of mounting anything like a conspiracy .
Khurram was simply taking steps to remove all rivals in his path .
But Khusrau still commanded many loyalties .
The same begumswho had supported Jahangir against Khusrau earlier now worked hard for his safety , and , as a compromise measure , Khusrau 's custody had been given to Nur - Jahan 's brother , Asaf Khan .
Now if only Khusrau would consent to marry her daughter , Nur -Jahan promised him not only his freedom but also that she would throw her weight behind him in the succession .
It was a master stroke by a master strategist , except that Khusrau refused .
His reason for doing so stunned Nur -Jahan and her clique : love .
His wife was his beacon , the one person who had stood by his side through all the years and he would have nothing whatever to do with another woman .
Remember this was an age when large harems and polygamy were the undisputed norm .
And the Prince 's options were very likely laid out starkly before him : the throne , or at the very least freedom and luxury versus certain death .
Then perhaps we can get a glimmer of the incredulity that Khusrau 's answer must have evoked .
His wife , according to Della Valle , begged him on bended knee to accede to Nur - Jahan 's plan and save himself , but Khusrau “ could never be prevailed with ” .
Throughout 1616 – 17 , Nur -Jahan and Asaf Khan worked on Khusrau , but he remained steadfast in his refusal to contemplate another woman .
Finally they gave up and turned instead to the pliable Shahriyar .
Khusrau 's usefulness to the Empress was at an end , and now she made no further effort to stall his transfer to Khurram 's custody .
Khusrau had effectively signed his own death warrant .
In 1617 , he was given over to Khurram ( known now by the honorific Shah Jahan ) who had him quickly moved to Burhanpur in the Deccan .
Khusrau was now a man on borrowed time .
The end came in January 1622 .
The most widely accepted account is that a slave of Shah Jahan 's named Raza Bahadur sought to enter Khusrau 's chambers in the middle of the night .
When Khusrau refused him entry , Raza Bahadur broke open the door and rushed in with some accomplices and fell upon Khusrau .
Khusrau shouted out to wake his servants and , despite his partial blindness , defended himself bravely but to no avail .
He was strangled and then re-arranged on his bed to make it appear as if his death was natural .
The aftermath
Early next day , his wife was the first to discover him .
Her shrieks soon wakened the palace .
On January 29 , Jahangir received word from Shah Jahan that Khusrau had died of qalanj , colic pains .
But , as word of Khusrau 's death swept across the empire , there was a public outpouring of grief as had not been seen for a long time .
The popular verdict was overwhelming : murder .
As far west as Gujarat , people were heard to cry for vengeance against those who had shed the blood of an innocent .
Jahangir himself seems to have not been unduly distressed at the news ; his ire was reserved for Shah Jahan for seeking to conceal the truth of Khusrau 's death from him .
On the Emperor 's orders , Khusrau 's body was exhumed from his makeshift grave , sent to Allahabad and consigned in a mausoleum next to his mother 's in a garden , now called Khusrau Bagh .
A movement soon came into being that proclaimed Khusrau a martyred saint and shrines sprang up wherever his body had rested on its way to Allahabad .
So popular were these shrines that a contemporary Dutch observer wrote that “ both Hindus and Moslems went there in vast numbers in procession each Thursday … to his worship ” .
Until , that is , Jahangir ordered them destroyed and the worshippers driven away .
Despite this attempt at canonisation , it seems fair to say that , as with life , death has not been kind to this unfortunate prince .
In one of history 's great ironies , the man who most likely killed him —
Shah Jahan — is universally celebrated for leaving us with that sublime monument to man 's love for a woman : the Taj Mahal .
Devoted though he was to his wife Mumtaz Mahal , Shah Jahan had liaisons with many women after her death .
Rather , it is in the unfolding of his brother 's life , in Khusrau 's searing affirmation of the centrality of one love , that we see its most enduring monument .
The author is a research and innovation entrepreneur .
Email : raman.aroon@gmail.com
A Chinese programmer with ties to the government has been fingered as the author of the program used to carry out the high - profile cyber attacks against Google and other companies earlier this year .
According to researchers for the US government speaking anonymously to the Financial Times , a Chinese security consultant had posted code online ahead of the attack , saying that the project was one that he was " working on " and that Chinese government had " special access . "
The programmer in question was just a freelancer and was not responsible for carrying out the attacks , claim the researchers who apparently have spoken with the programmer .
Apparently , the programmer would prefer his work not be used in such " offensive efforts " as carrying out attacks against major companies , but that he " has to toe the line now and again " if he wants to do the kind of research he 's good at doing .
" He would rather not have uniformed guys looking over his shoulder , but there is no way anyone of his skill level can get away from that kind of thing .
The state has privileged access to these researchers ’ work , " the researchers told FT .
The discovery comes just days after another team of US researchers traced the origins of the attack back to Shanghai Jiaotong University ( SJTU ) and Lanxiang Vocational School in China , according to the New York Times .
The universities in question , however , have denied involvement .
" We were shocked and indignant to hear these baseless allegations which may harm the university 's reputation , " one SJTU spokesperson told the state - run Xinhua news agency .
( Xinhua also ran another story about how incredibly " bored " Lanxiang Vocational School is with these accusations , with officials claiming that they are politically oriented and unfounded . )
As Cyber Defense Agency founder Sami Saydjari told the Times , however , it wo n't be possible for US researchers to truly look into those details without the help of the mostly - uncooperative Chinese government .
" We can not trace it beyond borders .
We need the cooperation of the Chinese , " he said .
Why Shazam Kianpour & Associates , P.C. ?
We Think The Answer Is Clear .
While there are many law firms in Denver , we work hard to make sure our firm is the firm to call following serious criminal charges .
The difference is our size .
With three attorneys and numerous experienced support staff , we are one of the largest Denver defense law firms exclusively practicing criminal defense law and traffic defense law .
Our size allows our lawyers to spend the time and resources they need to thoroughly prepare your case for negotiations and trial .
Our lawyers do n’t answer the phone or pay office bills .
We work on cases — your cases .
Though we are accessible to our clients at all times , due to our size and with help from our support staff , we also know we have the luxury of being able to bury ourselves in our clients ’ cases .
This allows us to scrutinize police reports and witness statements , while we aggressively pursue the defense strategy that will work best for you .
You should contact us at any time throughout your legal process , whether it is early or late in the case .
We attack the prosecution ’s case from all angles — police misconduct , lack of evidence , and numerous other effective defense methods that can only come with the experience and volume of cases our team of attorneys has handled .
Our skill and experience in the criminal defense arena have resulted in hundreds of cases being dismissed or resolved with no jail and little punishment .
This week , officials from 192 countries will meet in Copenhagen to tackle global climate change , seeking a successor to the 1997 Kyoto Protocol .
Even if they can't negotiate a binding agreement , many countries hope at least to work out commitments to reduce their greenhouse - gas emissions and provide assistance to poorer countries likely to be hardest hit by the effects of global warming .
Each country , of course , has its own particular priorites and concerns , which is why an agreement is so difficult to reach .
Here 's a look at some of their agendas for Copenhagen .
U.S .
The U.S. 's failure to pass climate - change legislation has meant a delay in a deal at Copenhagen .
But pending bills in Congress and the Obama administration 's authority to regulate emissions give the country credibility — and negotiating leverage toward an eventual agreement .
The U.S. may still pledge to cut emissions about 17 % by 2020 , while offering funding of low - carbon initiatives for poorer countries to draw them to an agreement .
The U.S. also wants other countries , mainly China and India , to commit on when their greenhouse - gas emissions will peak , and will demand stringent standards for reporting , monitoring and verification of emissions and reductions .
China
China has pledged to curb carbon emissions as a percentage of gross domestic product by 40 % to 45 % by 2020 .
These would be voluntary cuts and therefore unlikely to be part of a binding climate - change pact .
But it signals China 's interest in an agreement at Copenhagen .
Such a deal could bring the country benefits : more funding and technology transfers from developed nations , and as an exporter of solar - power and wind - power equipment , increased demand for its products .
What China dreads most is the end of Kyoto provisions that grant tradable credits for reducing emissions ; China has been the top receiver for the credits , getting 59 % of the total .
Participants
50 in - patients ( 22 males , 28 females ) diagnosed with schizophrenia ( N = 38 ) , schizoaffective disorder ( N = 9 ) and delusional disorder ( N = 3 ) according to DSM - IV - TR criteria [ 27 ] were included .
All patients were in sub-acute stages of their illnesses such that they were able to give full informed consent in writing and to complete the neuropsychological test battery .
Patients with a history of substance abuse , severe brain injury or mental retardation were excluded .
All patients received second - generation antipsychotic substances ( SGA ) .
The mean chlorpromazine equivalent dosage ( CPZ ) as determined according to Wood 's suggestions [ 28 ] was 667.73 ( SD ± 603 mg ) per day .
For comparisons , 30 healthy controls ( 10 males , 20 females ) were included , paralleled for age and sex distribution .
The study was approved by the Ethics Committee of the University of Bochum .
Patients ' mean age was 39.24 ( SD ± 13.55 ) , their mean age at onset of SSD was 29.29 years ( SD ± 13.99 ) and their average duration of illness was 9.85 years ( SD ± 8.79 ) .
The mean age of the control group was 36.83 ( SD ± 13.53 ) .
No differences between the groups were found with respect to sex distribution ( chi2 = .889 , df = 1 , Fisher 's exact test , p = .48 , n.s. ) or age ( t = .77 , df = 78 , p = .444 , n.s. ) .
Group comparisons for demographic variables , cognitive performance as well as PANSS ratings and social competence scores for patients are shown in Table 1 .
Table 1 Demographic characteristics and performance of patients with SSD and controls Full size table
Behavioural assessment
Ethological assessment of non-verbal expressivity
Non-verbal expressivity of patients and controls was evaluated using the Ethological Coding System for Interviews ( ECSI ) [ 3 ] .
The ECSI comprises 37 different patterns of behaviour , eight of which are summarised under the term " prosocial behaviour " .
Prosocial behaviours embrace both patterns of behaviour that invite and positively reassure social interaction ( referred to as " affiliation " ) and behaviours signalling appeasement that are used to prevent aggression in social interactions ( termed " submission " ) .
Accordingly , non-verbal expressions of prosociality included : " head to side " movements ; " bob " , a sharp upwards movement of the head , similar to an inverted nod ; " flash " , a quick raising and lowering of the eyebrows ; " raise " , a movement where the eyebrows are raised and kept up for some time ; " smile " , where the lip corners are typically drawn back and up ; " nod " , as affirmative gesture ; " lips in " , characterised by drawing the lips slightly inwards and pressing the lips together ; and " mouth corners back " , which describes the drawing back of the corners of the mouth without raising the mouth angles as in smiling , thus , signalling attenuated fear .
The ECSI was specifically designed for measuring nonverbal behaviour during interviews based on published human ethograms that have revealed universal non-verbal expressions in social interaction [ 8 , 29 ] .
The interviews carried out by three female psychologists were videotaped with a camera such that the subjects ' faces were in full view .
To ascertain optimal evaluation , two trained observers simultaneously examined the videotapes for the presence or absence of each of the behavioural items in successive 15 - second intervals .
As suggested by Troisi [ 3 ] , we used a one - zero ( i.e. present - versus - absent in a 15 - second interval ) sampling method for recording the results , which has been shown to highly correlate with both frequency and duration measures of the same behaviour in previous studies .
To avoid distraction of the evaluation process by verbal material the video player was turned mute during the scoring procedure .
Moreover , to maximise accuracy , if disagreement between the two raters occurred with regards to any one rating interval , the respective time interval was re-examined until a consensus decision could be achieved .
The overall duration of the videotaped part of the interview was 10 minutes ( thus , 40 15 - second sampling intervals altogether ) during which the interviewer collected as much information as possible for rating the subjects ' psychopathology using the Positive and Negative Symptom Scale ( PANSS ) [ 30 ] .
We chose this setting for both groups to improve comparability of group results , even though this procedure might arguably have created greater or even less emotional involvement in patients compared to healthy controls .
For further analyses , the scores of individual behaviours for each subject are expressed as the proportion of intervals during which the behavioural pattern occurred .
Social behaviour and social competence
Patients ' social behaviour and social competence were rated by an experienced nursing staff member who was most familiar with the patients ' actual behaviour in social interactions using the Social Behaviour Scale ( SBS ) [ 31 ] .
The SBS represents a 21 - item rating scale comprising communicative skills , socially inappropriate behaviours , autistic symptoms ( muttering , laughing to self ) , affective symptoms ( anxiety , restlessness , depression ) , and movement disorders ( bizarre behaviour , mannerisms , posturing ) .
Each item is rated according to the severity of deviation on a Likert - type scale ranging from " 0 " ( absent ) to " 4 " ( severe ) .
Psychopathology
Psychopathology was rated using the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale ( PANSS ) [ 30 ] .
Here , we chose a novel five - factor model of the PANSS [ 32 ] instead of the classic three - factor model , because the former has been shown to have superior statistical validity , and because we were specifically interested in the question whether ratings of nonverbal behaviour and social competence would correlate with any one of these more specific factors ( e.g. , positive , negative , disorganised , excitement and affective ) .
All ratings of psychopathology and social behaviour were carried out blind to the patients ' performance on the social and non-social neurocognitive tasks .
Neurocognition
Non-social cognition
Verbal intelligence was assessed using the German " Mehrfachwahl - Wortschatz - Test " , that is , " Multiple Choice Vocabulary Test " ( MWT ) [ 33 ] , which resembles the " Spot - the - Word - Test " [ 34 ] .
The MWT is believed to index premorbid intelligence in patients with psychiatric disorders .
Non-verbal intelligence was assessed using the Picture Completion Task , a subtest of the " Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale " , revised German version ( WAIS - R ) [ 35 ] .
To assess executive functioning skills we used the Zoo Map Test from the Behavioral Assessment of the Dysexecutive Syndrome battery ( BADS ) [ 36 ] to assess executive planning .
The first part of the Zoo Map test requires participants to mentally plan a route through a zoo drawn on a map while taking into account given rules such as not to take a certain trail twice .
The second part of the test simply requires participants to follow detailed instructions concerning how to find their way through the zoo terrain .
We used the score from the more challenging first part of the Zoo Map Test for further analyses .
Cognitive flexibility was also assessed using a simplified computer version of the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test ( WCST ) [ 37 ] .
The number of perseverative errors on this task was used for further analyses .
Social cognition
The ability to appreciate mental states was examined first using a non-verbal " false - belief " picture - sequencing task in which , for each false - belief story sequence , four cartoon pictures depict a story character who acts on the basis of a mistaken belief concerning the true location of a certain critical item ( e.g. a story character is ignorant about the true location of an item which had been moved or erroneously blames another character for having moved the item ) .
These false - belief sequences were first developed by Langdon et al . [ 21 ] and have since been used in non-clinical and clinical schizotypal samples to demonstrate mentalising deficits [ 25 , 26 ] .
In addition to the four false - belief sequences , 12 additional sequences , also comprising four pictures per sequence and developed by Langdon and Coltheart [ 25 ] , depicted " mechanical " , " social - script " , and " capture " stories .
The mechanical sequences illustrated simple physical cause - and - effect events ( such as a stone rolling down a slope ) ; the social script sequences depicted interacting characters without the necessity to infer the mental states of these characters ; the capture sequences were designed to test the ability to suppress salient misleading information in favour of less salient but more relevant information that eventually led to correct sequencing .
In contrast to previous studies using this task , the administration was computerised such that each sequence of four pictures was presented in a jumbled order to the participants on a computer screen .
The participants were asked to move the pictures using a computer mouse until they were certain that the sequencing of the four pictures showed a logical order of events .
Prior to the experimental sequences , which were presented in a random order for each participant , two practice sequences were presented to ensure that all participants had fully understood the procedure .
Scoring was according to Langdon et al .'s suggestions [ 21 ] , that is , for each sequence , two points were given for the first and last correctly positioned pictures , and one point each for correct positioning of the two middle pictures .
Accordingly , participants could obtain a maximum of 6 points per sequence , thus 24 points per sequence type ( i.e. false - belief , mechanical , social - script or capture ) .
In addition , a second cartoon series tapping into mentalising abilities was given to the participants .
Six cartoon picture stories depict : ( 1 ) two scenarios involving co-operation of two characters , ( 2 ) two scenarios illustrating deliberate deception of one character by another , and ( 3 ) two scenarios showing two characters cooperating at the cost of a third one .
The administration procedure was similar to our previous studies [ 18 , 19 ] , with the notable difference that pictures and subsequent questions were depicted on a computer screen instead of the previously used paper and pencil version .
As above , each picture story consisted of four cards , which were presented in a mixed - up order .
The participants ' positioning of pictures was scored as per Langdon et al . 's series .
In addition to the non-verbal component of this task ( i.e. the sequencing of the pictures ) , the participants also answered 23 questions probing understanding of the mental states of the story characters .
These questions included mentalising questions ranging from first to third - order complexity and requiring true and false correct answers , as well as questions probing the understanding of intended deception , cheating , and cooperation .
Whenever the participant failed to sequence the story correctly , the picture story was re-arranged correctly by the experimenter before the questions pertaining to the story were asked .
Total scores for sequencing ( 36 pts. maximum ) and for responses to the questionnaire ( 23 pts. maximum ) were calculated ( thus 59 pts. altogether ) .
Statistical analysis
Wherever skewness and kurtosis of the variables were within acceptable ranges , we used student 's t- tests for group comparisons .
For non-normally distributed variables we used non-parametric Mann - Whitney - U tests .
Univariate analyses of variance with covariates were carried out to examine the specificity of mentalising deficits in the patient group .
To examine associations of psychopathology and medication with non-verbal behaviours in the patient group we calculated parametric correlation coefficients .
Analyses were performed using SPSS for Macintosh , version 13.0 .
Here is a link to an ActBlue thread I just created for Martha Coakley .
Spread the word , throw it up on your blog , and email me and I will send you the thermometer code .
I set up a goal of 10 k , which should not be hard if we can get a bunch of blogs to put it up .
I left my wallet at the damned office and will kick in $ 50 tomorrow .
I know people think this seat is a safe Democratic seat , but no seat is safe in special elections because of turnout , and it looks like the better part of the liberal blogosphere has seriously lost the plot at this point , so we better start somewhere .
And soon .
1 . How to install this iPhone video converter for you to put video on iPhone .
Step 2 : Double click the downloaded installation file to start installation .
Step 3 : Follow the instructions to finish the installation .
After your install iPhone Video Converter software , you will see the following sceenshot .
2.How to import video files .
Click " Add File " or File menu to load video and audio files and select the file format .
You also can drag the files to the interface directly .
3.How to set the output settings
After you select the files you want to convert , you can set the output settings for the conversion under preview window and the video content list .
Profile : Select the output format for your video .
Settings : Click " Settings " to open the Settings window .
In the Video Settings , you can select Encoder , Frame Rate , Resolution and Video Bitrate to convert your movie .
In the Audio Settings , you can select Encoder , Channels , Bitrate and Sample Rate to convert your movie .
4.How to get any time - length episode from your video files .
On top of the main function to put video on iPhone , It also allows you to cut your movie , so you can capture your favorite clips from your movie .
Tipard iPhone Video Converter provides you three methods to trim your video length .
Method 1 : Enter the start time in the Start Time box and click OK , then enter the end time in the Set End Time box and click OK .
Method 2 : Drag the scissors bars under the preview window when you want to trim , then the time will be shown in the Start Time box and End Time box for your reference .
Method 3 : Click " Trim From " button when you want to begin your trimming .
Click " Trim To " button where you want to stop your trimming .
After you set trim time , the length of the captured clip will be shown in the Select Length box for your reference .
5.How to crop your movie play region
Tipard iPhone Video Converter allows you to remove the black edges around your movie video and customize the size of video play region .
There are three methods available to crop your video :
Method 1 : Crop by selecting a crop mode
Select a crop mode in the Crop Mode drop - down list and click OK to save the crop .
There are six pre-set crop modes for your choice : No Crop , Cut off Top and Bottom black edges , Cut off Top black edge , Cut off Bottom black edge , Cut off Left and Right black edges , Cut off
All black edges .
Method 2 : Crop by adjusting the crop frame
The crop frame is the yellow line around the movie video .
There are eight small adjustment boxes on the crop frame .
Each adjustment box allows you to crop the movie video from a different position .
To crop your movie video , you can just move your mouse cursor to an adjustment box and drag the crop frame .
Method 3 : Crop by setting the crop values
There are four crop values on the lower right part of the crop window : Top , Bottom , Left and Right .
You can set each value to crop your movie video , and the crop frame will move accordingly .
You can also set the output aspect ratio from the Zoom Mode according to your need .
There are four choices available : Keep Original , Full Screen , 16:9 and 4:3 .
Keep Original : Keep the aspect ratio of the crop size .
Full Screen : Stretch your cropped video to fit for the aspect ratio of the resolution setting .
16:9 : Stretch your cropped video to fit for the aspect ratio of 16:9 .
4:3 : Stretch your cropped video to fit for the aspect ratio of 4:3 .
Note :
After you crop your video and set the zoom mode , the result can be previewed in the Preview window of the program main interface .
6.How to merge your selected contents into one file .
If you want to join your selected chapters or titles into one file you can check the " Merge into one file " option .
As default the merged file is named after the first selected file ( either a title or a chapter ) .
7.How to capture your favorite pictures when you preview
Click " Snapshot " button and the current picture in the Preview window will be captured and saved .
Click " Folder " button to open the folder where the captured images are saved .
As default the captured image will be saved at users '
My Documents \Tipard Studio\Snapshot .
Click " Preference " menu , you can reset the snapshot folder and the type of your captured image : JPEG , GIF or BMP formats .
Tip :
Tipard iPhone Video Converter upgraded the effect function , it is avialable to set deinterlacing function , which can convert interlaced video to the progressive video , this function can optimize the video effect .
And added more powerful encoders and decoders .
8.How to start the conversion
Before you start conversion , click " Preference " menu to adjust the settings related to conversion .
After Converting Done :
You can choose to " Shut Down " your computer or " No Action " after the conversion .
CPU Usage :
You can choose the max CPU Usage for your computer : 50 % , 60 % , 70 % , 80 % , 90 % , 100 % .
After you finish the pre-settings , you can just click " Start " button to start to put or add video on iPhone .
Now , it ’s really a prefect solution to for iPhone users to add video to iPhone and enjoy it over and over again or share high - quality multimedia with friends and family
Sounds good ?
Sarah Palin has demonstrated considerable star potential , from her appearances on Saturday Night Live to her bestselling memoir and undisputed status as darling of the Republican angry crowd .
To those accolades must now be added a new badge : political commentator for Rupert Murdoch 's rightwing Fox News channel .
Fox last night confirmed it had taken Palin on board as a pundit to appear on several of the cable news channel 's shows .
The deal will give the former vice - presidential candidate an invaluable television platform , beaming her into millions of potential voters ' homes .
The move ends months of speculation after her surprise announcement in July last year that she was standing down as governor of Alaska .
Fox News is more than a natural fit for Palin ; it is a match made in heaven .
While she received rough treatment at the hands of the other US TV networks , notably CBS where she had a series of disastrous interviews with Katie Couric , Fox was invariably kind to Palin during her rocky vice - presidential run .
She could count among her supporters
Fox figureheads including Bill O'Reilly and Sean Hannity .
Over the past few months , as opposition to the Obama administration has deepened , the affinity between Palin and Fox has grown in equal measure .
Both see themselves as champions of the " tea party movement " – the groundswell of discontent from angst - ridden and disaffected voters , some Republican , some independents – who believe President Barack Obama is driving America towards an alien world of socialism .
Palin will cement her ties to this amorphous but powerful movement when she headlines at the first national tea party convention in Nashville next month .
Her appointment brings her alongside several leading figures of the conservative right , past and present , including Newt Gingrich , architect of the 1990s " contract with America " , and President Bush 's right hand man , Karl Rove , who are both Fox pundits .
So too is Mike Huckabee , former governor of Arkansas , who is a potential rival of Palin 's should they both run for the White House in 2012 .
Under the deal , Palin will also host her own occasional Fox programme examining " inspirational tales involving ordinary Americans " .
Palin said she was looking forward to her new media home , adding , with apparent lack of irony : " It 's wonderful to be part of a place that so values fair and balanced news . "
TORONTO - Despite an Ontario Superior Court justice ruling last week that Ontario's top police officer must face allegations he illegally influenced municipal officials , the Ministry of the Attorney General says no further action has yet been taken .
In a decision released last Thursday , an Ontario Superior Court justice ruled provincial police Commissioner Julian Fantino must face allegations brought forward by Gary McHale .
McHale , who led numerous rallies to protest what he has called two - tier justice in the policing of an aboriginal land occupation in Caledonia , Ont. , claims Fantino influenced municipal officials in the town when the commissioner sent an email allegedly telling the mayor and councillors not to attend McHale 's rallies .
A justice of the peace who heard McHale 's complaint refused to issue a summons or warrant for Fantino .
But Superior Court Justice David Crane , who reviewed the case , ordered the justice of the peace to issue such an order , saying it was his duty to do so .
Brendan Crawley , a spokesman for the attorney general , said Tuesday no further action has been taken since the Superior Court issued its decision .
" As a result , there are currently no charges outstanding in this matter , and no summons has been issued , " Crawley said in an email .
" As set out in the order , the court documents need to be returned to the court to have ' process issued ' with respect to the charges Mr. McHale is seeking to have privately laid , " Crawley said .
A court date will be set once this has occurred , he said .
Provincial police are " certainly aware of the court ruling " however at this particular time they have not received an indication that Fantino has received a summons for any type of charge , Insp. Dave Ross said on Tuesday .
Influencing or attempting to influence a municipal official in municipal activities is an offence under the Criminal Code and carries up to a five - year prison term if convicted .
Lawyer Andrew Bell , who represented the Attorney General of Ontario in the case , referred questions to the Ministry of the Attorney General .
In his decision , Crane wrote that the Fantino email says Haldimand County Mayor Marie Trainer and certain councillors " were not to support the public attendances of Gary McHale in Caledonia , nor to make statements of support of Mr. McHale to the residents of Caledonia . "
" I observe on the record in this application there is evidence of influenced behaviour by the mayor and county council in response to the Julian Fantino letter , " Crane wrote .
Fantino and McHale have tangled in court in the past .
McHale faces charges of counselling mischief not committed .
Fantino testified during a preliminary hearing earlier this year that he told subordinates he would have gladly arrested McHale himself for inciting civil unrest in Caledonia .
As McHale questioned him on the stand in that case , Fantino said McHale 's repeated visits to Caledonia dangerously inflamed the situation and he called him a " lightning rod to the conflict . "
The Obama White House has been running an aggressive public relations campaign out of Haiti , to spotlight the efforts of American troops and local search and rescue teams .
The latest example came in a blast e-mail , sent out this afternoon from the White House press office , showing a video clip of a Los Angeles County rescue squad extracting a woman out of a collapsed building .
As she was carried out on a stretcher , a crowd clapped and chanted its approval for the Americans .
“ AMAZING VIDEO : Crowd starts chanting USA , USA during L.A. County USAR rescue , ” the e-mail read , including the link to the YouTube video .
No sooner had we arrived in the village of Pampansa — reachable by only canoe or prop plane — than we found ourselves at the home of the local bigwig , a courtly gentleman named Oscar , passing a ceramic bowl of chicha around a big wooden table .
Among the Shuar , chicha is traditionally prepared by women and drunk — at least in its more alcoholic variety — by men .
When I say “ prepared , ” what I really mean is chewed : loudly and smackingly , right out in the open , and expectorated into an orange plastic barrel , the kind football players dump over the coach ’s head at the end of the game .
Oscar ’s three young wives stood just behind him , munching on yucca root as unobtrusively as possible , which was plenty obtrusively , in my opinion .
Image Credit ... Holly Wales
Martin had offered to spare me from the welcoming committee this time around , but I declined .
I sampled chicha the year before , after all — the tiniest possible siplet , but still — and I came out of the experience intact .
How much worse could the second time be ?
Incomparably worse , as it turned out .
Oscar proudly filled the bowl to the rim before passing it to my cousin , declaring his chicha to be the best in the region .
As decorum requires , Martin nodded politely at our host and downed the bowl ’s contents in a single burbling gulp .
Oscar and the others grinned appreciatively , refilled the bowl and thumped it down before me .
The chicha we had the year before , in a neighboring village , was practically scentless ; this stuff smelled like an old man ’s false teeth .
I stared at it and whimpered .
Why did I put myself into such a position , not once but twice in as many years ?
The only answer I ’ve come up with has less to do with ways of the jungle than with the ways of the suburbs .
Even as a child , I prided myself on my politeness , my ability to put any hospitality - giver at ease , perhaps because life at home was often tense .
The result would be admirable if it were n’t so absurd : a compulsive urge to be the perfect guest .
Some part of me actually seems to seek out nightmarish host - guest scenarios , if only to demonstrate my MacGyverish skill at emerging unscathed .
I ’m sure Mom never guessed where it might lead , but a lifetime of social conditioning ca n’t be unlearned on a whim , and neither can a morbid fear of conflict .
I was going to drink that chicha if it killed me .
My mother and cousin had gotten me into this jam , but it was Jenny Graham , from eighth grade , who finally got me out .
At the height of my panic , as I sat with the reeking bowl in front of me , feeling the tension around the table start to curdle , a bolt of inspiration came to me : had n’t I tasted spit countless times before ?
What was chicha drinking , after all , but French kissing once removed ?
To play this content JavaScript must be turned on and the latest Flash player installed .
Latest Flash player available here Play in either Real OR Windows Media players
Animal behaviour expert Shaun Ellis spent 18 months living with a pack of wolves in the Rocky Mountains of America .
This former soldier with the British Army Special Forces was tough , fit and had some experience of living in the wild .
However nothing could have prepared him for his extraordinary time with the wolves , whom he had to depend on them for survival and behave in every way , like a low - ranking member of their pack .
Lucy
Ash talked to him about learning to stomach their diet , the importance of smell and interpreting wolf howls .
The Man Who Lives With Wolves by Shaun Ellis with Penny Junor is published by Harper Collins .
Nova was the videoly that we all wanted to read in the Sixties because every issue brought something new and relevant to our lives : extraordinary fashion by Molly Parkin ; innovative layouts and photographs by Harri ...
The chancellor , Alistair Darling , and the business secretary , Lord Mandelson , yesterday signalled a shift in government strategy when Darling warned that Britain faces the toughest spending round in 20 years if Labour is re-elected .
Mandelson pointedly insisted that Labour is a national party that represents people in every part of the UK – an implicit rejection of any core vote strategy .
Darling also disclosed that he discussed the coming budget with Gordon Brown on Wednesday , in the middle of the backbench plot to oust him , but insisted he never considered withdrawing his support from the prime minister .
His remarks assert his authority over the schools secretary , Ed Balls , and , to a degree , the prime minister , who had tried to claim that the government could create an election dividing line based on Labour investment versus Tory cuts .
The chancellor told the Times that spending restraint was " non-negotiable " as he tries to bring down Britain 's £ 178bn budget deficit .
He said : " The next spending review will be the toughest we have had for 20 years .
To me , cutting the borrowing was never negotiable .
Gordon accepts that , he knows that . "
Darling said he was irritated by the party coup attempt , as well as surprised .
He said : " Gordon has always had my support . "
But he was adamant that the government needed to do more to emphasise cutting the deficit .
He said : " I have been saying for several months , as has Peter Mandelson that some departments will be facing cuts .
We need to protect frontline services , but it 's essential we cut the public deficit . "
He added " many departments will have less money in the next few years " , a tougher stance than his previous position that spending would be " broadly flat " outside the protected areas of schools , police and hospitals .
He said : " I have always been clear that you have to level with people .
We are talking about something like a £ 57bn reduction in expenditure through tax increases and spending cuts .
It 's a change in direction . "
He confirmed that the government will hold a budget in March , but this will not involve a full department - by - department spending review .
The Treasury believe the Conservatives are on the verge of a U - turn by agreeing with Labour that the deficit should not be cut faster than Labour 's plans of halving it in four years .
The shadow chief secretary to the Treasury , Philip Hammond , in a debate in the Commons on Thursday refused to say if the Tories would go faster , instead emphasising that they would start cutting the deficit earlier , beginning in the financial year 2010 - 11 .
He warned if that did not happen , interest rates would have to rise .
Hammond insisted it was incredible for Labour to claim it could not publish departmental spending projections beyond 2010 - 11 in the March budget , challenging it to deny it planned to cut spending outside protected areas by 17 % .
Labour insists that the fledgling economic recovery would be threatened if cuts started this year .
The Treasury chief secretary , Liam Byrne , also won a significant commitment from his Liberal Democrat counterpart , Vince Cable , that he did not think cuts should start this year .
Labour believes that the Liberal Democrats on that basis would not be able to support the Tories ' planned emergency summer budget , since this would involve the cuts Cable opposes .
“ You ’ve gotta see it to believe it ” means less and less as we take each step into a digitally manipulatable future that is nearly impossible to distinguish from the real thing .
Need to film a visit to Vegas ?
NYC ?
Moscow ?
Green screen it !
As evidenced by the above demo reel , we ’re now at a point where the television and movie images that look and feel so very real are as fake as science fiction .
Even as someone who works in the entertainment industry , I ’m blown away , and maybe even saddened a little by these illusions be revealed to me – I truly thought Hiro from Heroes was IN Times Square .
But it is a testament to the acting abilities and the special effects capabilities that we have available today .
So how can you , the aspiring filmmaker , do something similar ?
It ’s become easier and more accessible then ever before .
Using a technique called chroma keying , a preset color area is replaced ( using basic video software ) with a separate image feed .
Usually the color to be replaced is green or blue , because those are the colors furthest from the human skin tone .
The main components you ’ll need :
- A large green surface to film in front of .
You can either use green backdrops ( surprisingly affordable , especially if you already have a mounting setup ) , or chroma key green paint .
Just remember to get something big enough that you can fit the whole scene onto it , including the ground area if that is to be replaced as well .
You can see in some of the video examples that they occasionally paint the entire room green , floor to ceiling .
– Smooth even lighting : Avoiding casting shadows onto the green screen is pretty important to getting a good result when doing the video replacement .
– The necessary hardware to capture and process the footage .
A camera and computer with software as simple as iMovie is capable of doing this .
Even iChat has a rudimentary function that can process this pretty well too .
Film the action in front of / around the green screened area .
Film corresponding footage to be chroma keyed into place .
Then use your editing software to merge the images into one awesome , hilarious output .
Here ’s an example that my acquaintance John Irwin did for my friends ’ band , Meanest Man Contest ‘s new music video , simulating a wild driving sequence .
Sitting in a car with greened - out windows , the band and friends sway from side to side as the camera films them .
High - speed , swerving driving footage replaces the windows and BAM , instant action .
Watch the finished video here .
Of course , working on projects the scale of network shows and feature films require materials and hardware that are a few steps past what most people have available to them .
But each innovation in technology makes these things one step closer than before .
Its up to you to get up and find it , learn it , and make it happen .
Boulton ’s Hockey Team associate , Gabi Hegerl , archived the proxy versions used in Hegerl et al 2007 in February 2010 – see here ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/paleo/contributions_by_author/hegerl2007/nh-temp-hegerl2007.txt .
I ’ve discussed this reconstruction in earlier CA posts .
Boulton used Hegerl ’s Hockey Stick in the Royal Society of Edinburgh submission on Copenhagen .
I ’ve had the proxy versions for a couple of years .
I originally requested this data in September 2005 in my capacity as an IPCC peer reader – IPCC WG1 Chairman threatened to expel me as a peer reviewer for the temerity of asking for unarchived data for an unpublished study .
However with some persistence , Hegerl emailed me the data in 2007 .
The reconstruction versions were archived a few months ago in September 2009 , but this is the first that I ’ve seen this file .
Previous archived versions only went back to 1251 .
There are new digital files ( referred to in Hegerl et al 2007 , but previously unarchived ) that go back to 946 and 558 .
In Boulton ’s Copenhagen paper , he says :
Several independent estimations have now been made of the global or hemispheric average temperatures for the last two millennia .
Figure 3 is one of these [ Hegerl ] , and shows that the late 20th Century warming has been rapid and large compared with earlier periods ( note that this is independent of the University of East Anglia reconstruction , about which there has recently been much controversy ) .
Boulton is , of course , totally wrong that this is “ independent of the University of East Anglia reconstruction , about which there has recently been much controversy ” .
The longest reconstruction illustrated in Boulton ’s Figure 3 is a composite of 5 series : Mann ’s PC1 ( falsely identified by Boulton associates Hegerl and Crowley as “ an RCS processed tree - ring composite used in Mann et al. ( 1999 ) ” – it is provably the PC1 ; Briffa ’s Tornetrask series used in MBH and Jones et al 1998 ; a Greenland O18 record used in MBH99 and in Jones et al 1998 ; Briffa ’s Taymir series ; and the Yang composite ( heavily influenced by Thompson ’s Dunde series ) .
Later , Briffa ’s Yamal is added in ( mixed with some other series that Crowley has failed to identify for a number of years now ) .
Jacoby ’s Mongolia and some strip - bark foxtails .
The Hegerl reconstruction is not “ independent ” of the University of East Anglia reconstruction ( whatever that supposedly means ) .
Perhaps Boulton ’s associates decided to cooper up their archiving now that Boulton is participating in the Jones inquiry , perhaps it ’s just coincidence .
In either case , it ’s welcome .
Maybe in another couple of years , we ’ll find out what ’s in the west Siberian series .
Two of the world ’s fastest super - comps will help develop Lithium Air batteries
by Gareth Mankoo
When it comes to extremes in technology , there ’s nothing that can get even close to this .
IBM are all set to bring out two of the world ’s fastest super computers that will help in the development of Lithium Air batteries .
Both of these are housed at the two national labs .
The whole operation went up to 24,000,000 hours of computer time , collectively !
Totally mammoth work and time in there , and imagine the processing !
I would like to know the kind of cooling mechanism that would be taken care of as well .
And now ’s the real bomb - dropper , this figure represents only 1.5 % of the total time !
Lithium
Air batteries will provide with 10 times higher capacity than Lithium ion batteries .
No wonder the move ’s been taken so seriously .
Maybe we can have some super durable electric cars in the future .
[ Gas2 ]
So Google stoked the bogus ‘ net neutrality ’ scare ( directly writing legislation for the European Parliament , in one instance ) which handicapped the network operators ' ability to monetize their network fairly ( by say launching a VoD service ) ensuring that Google ’s own private network ( exempt from neutrality rules ) becomes more valuable .
Neutrality was the Global Warming scare of network world .
ManBearPig may not exist , but it 's amazing what you can get legislated if enough people think it does .
Google has ceaselessly lobbied for spectrum reform , too .
In both cases it ’s used sockpuppet groups such as ‘ FreePress ’ and PublicKnowledge , and its hand - picked academic network , typically legal departments with large debts to the Chocolate Factory .
When you went into partnership with the Loompas – were you feeling lucky ?
Winners and Losers
In terms of who loses and benefits I offer this short list to get you started - you can complete the rest .
The first couple are easy to fill in .
The first comes from the executive who offered me the autism perspective .
He also reminded me that it ’s less than two weeks since ' the sermon ' by Jonathan Rosenberg .
Remind me , what ’s open about Google now ?
Another casualty for the same reasons , is surely the Open Handset Alliance itself .
It ’s odd to read how :
Each member of the Open Handset Alliance is strongly committed to greater openness in the mobile ecosystem .
Increased openness will enable everyone in our industry to innovate more rapidly and respond better to consumers ' demands .
‘ Innovating in the open ’ now means ‘ getting ready to shaft you behind closed doors ’ .
As for the winners , Apple suddenly does n’t look so bad .
Operators hate being told what kind of subsidy they may offer , and chafe at the control freakery .
But at least the iPhone is a surefire hit , it drags in the punters .
None of Google ’s models – either demiphones or Superphones – have shown they can .
And Apple ’s terms are much less onerous than a year ago .
Nokia and Symbian should be beneficiaries , but for operators Symbian is too much of Nokia ’s pet project .
Handset manufacturers have spent a decade getting out of Symbian projects and for many this is the last time they ’ll do so .
Also thanks to Nokia ’s neglect , nothing Symbian now has to offer is competitive with the iPhone .
It is n’t up to date .
One of the most puzzling tech business stories of the last ten years is how Nokia surrendered its smartphone lead and reacted like a rabbit in the headlights when the game changed .
Nokia talks about ‘ democratising ’ the smartphone , simply because it ’s own models are cheaper and ship in higher volume than the market leaders , who pocket the profits .
Well , the Trabant democratised travel in the GDR , providing mobility to non-party members .
It ’s not a good analogy to make .
I expect to see more interest in the operators ’ own hobbyhorse , the Limo Foundation , which is a Linux stack backed by the big networks plus Samsung – although anybody can sign up to make a Limo phone .
It was fear of Google that propelled Vodafone to use Limo for the 360 phone so heavily promoted over Xmas .
And while Limo does not provide iPhone or Pre-quality slickness , networks may see it as a low risk investment .
No danger of Nokia or Google pulling a fast one .
Right now only RIM and Apple are making money from this mobile data caper , and the operators delude themselves if they think they do more than come out evens .
They ’ll fancy their chances even less now that Nexus has reminded everybody that Google sees Networks and ODMs as a temporary ( and disposable ) part of the equation . ®
• A daily summary of global reports on security issues .
Romania will allow the United States to place interceptor missiles in the former pro-Soviet country as part of President Obama ’s revamped missile shield plan .
The move is unlikely to invoke the same level of ire from Russia as former President Bush ’s plan to place a larger defense system in Poland and the Czech Republic , which Mr. Obama shelved in September .
Reuters reports that Romanian President Traian Basescu said the Supreme Defense Council on Thursday approved the US offer , brought to Romania by Ellen Tauscher , US Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security .
The plan will put at least two short - to - medium - range missile interceptors in Romania that will be operational by 2015 .
The facilities in Romania will be part of Obama ’s plan to develop a land - and sea - based missile shield in Europe focused on protecting against threats from Iranian medium - range missiles .
In September he scrapped a Bush administration plan to develop an expensive and untested missile shield in Europe with components in Poland and the Czech Republic .
That plan had raised tensions with Russia , which considered US missile facilities near its border a threat , and the decision to shelve it was welcomed in Europe , as The Christian Science Monitor reported .
Romanian newspapers Nine O’Clock and Financiarul both reported positive reaction among Romanian politicians to the decision , with the senate speaker calling it “ one of the most important matters of national security Romania has ever faced . ”
A supporter of US military efforts , the European Union and NATO member has previously sent troops to Iraq and Afghanistan .
The Romanian president made clear that the decision to host the US system should not be seen as a statement against Russia .
" The new system is not against Russia .
I want to categorically stress this , Romania ( will ) not host a system against Russia , but against other threats , " he said , according to Reuters .
Russia and the US hit the " reset button " last March , though it was soon apparent that warm smiles and handshakes might not be enough to bring the two nations together .
State - owned Russian news agency RIA - Novosti reported Friday that the interceptor missiles could pose a threat to Russia .
“ This weaponry , without a doubt , could significantly reduce Russia 's deterrent capability , " said Col. ( Ret. )
Igor Korotchenko , editor - in - chief of the National Defense magazine .
He said SM - 3 missiles would be able to intercept Russian ballistic missiles shortly after launch and on their initial flight trajectory .
" Russia must warn Romania that if the elements of the U.S. missile shield are placed in the country they will become a target of Russia 's preventive missile strikes , " Korotchenko said .
But The New York Times reports that Romania ’s move is unlikely to cause a large rift with Moscow because the location of the interceptor missiles is less threatening .
Dmitri V. Trenin , director of the Carnegie Moscow Center , said the Romanian announcement would not come as a complete surprise to Russian leaders , since it “ was one of the options people had in mind . ”
He said the Romanian site was farther from the Russian border , and – unlike the proposed Polish site – would not allow the interceptor missiles to stop a Russian missile headed to the United States over the Arctic Ocean , a possibility that had aroused anxiety in Moscow .
“ Of course , people who would be interested in portraying any kind of missile system as potentially a threat will be able to use this , but I do n’t think the government has much interest in playing this up , ” Mr. Trenin said .
Al Jazeera offers this video broadcast of the plan :
--
See also
Homegrown terrorism a growing concern for US intelligence
Christian Science Monitor
Pentagon seeks billions to battle terror abroad
Associated Press
Iran last minute addition to Munich security event
Associated Press
A recent increase in winter mortality in Atlantic puffins could be due to worsening conditions within the North Sea , according to new findings published in the scientific journal Marine Biology .
The study used geolocation technology to track puffins from the Isle of May National Nature Reserve , home to the largest colony of puffins in the North Sea .
The puffin population on the Isle of May has declined by 30 % in recent years .
The research team included scientists from the Centre for Ecology & Hydrology and the British Antarctic Survey and was led by Professor Mike Harris , Emeritus Research Fellow at the Centre for Ecology & Hydrology , who has studied puffins for 37 years .
Professor Harris said , " Modern technology has come to the aid of the puffin just when it was needed .
The quarter of a million puffins that breed in northeast Britain head out to sea during the winter and we previously thought that they stayed in the North Sea .
We now know that some make long trips into the Atlantic during winter .
This is vital new knowledge which should help us explain recent declines in puffin numbers . "
Recently - developed miniature logging devices weighing 1.5g were deployed during the 2007/2008 winter on 50 puffins from the Isle of May National Nature Reserve .
Data was downloaded from thirteen of these geolocators with the records showing that over three - quarters of the birds made excursions lasting between one and four months into the Atlantic between successive breeding seasons , before returning to their home waters in the North Sea .
Previous studies have shown that puffin numbers at the two largest colonies on the east coast of Britain declined by 30 % between 2003 and 2008 following rapid population increase over the previous 40 years .
Further counts in 2009 confirmed this decrease and also recorded a decrease at two other colonies .
Most seabird mortality occurs during the winter when food abundance is depressed , weather conditions are poor and shorter days restrict foraging opportunities .
Since there was an unprecedented mortality of adult puffins over the 2007/2008 winter , the logger results suggest that conditions in the North Sea may have become less favourable for puffins in recent years , particularly during autumn and early winter , forcing many birds to move into the Atlantic .
Here they have to travel greater distances and adapt to different habitats .
Co-author Dr Francis Daunt from the Centre for Ecology & Hydrology said , " Although the factors causing the recent changes in puffin distribution and mortality require further study we are confident that this new approach , combining data from logging devices such as geolocators together with other information on changing conditions in the North Sea , will help improve our understanding of this complex ecological issue . "
Look , she ’s not going to say “ no ” on the basis of how big the diamond is , but I do understand that you want to get something nice without
looking like you ’re trying to “ buy her love ” or something , plus , no matter how much you do n’t want it to , there ’s a good chance that it will become a status issue for her with her friends –she ’s going to want to show it off .
Two months salary ?
Three months ?
This is no longer the de facto rule to follow , as a matter of fact it never was :
it was a marketing campaign by De Beers .
You do n’t want to get manipulated into blowing more money on something than you should by someone ’s marketing department , right ?
Good , then screw the diamond cartel and just use your common sense plus the few tips and advice I ’m going to give you here .
Also , something a lot of guys do n’t think of when they ’re trying to work this out , is that you can always upgrade later when you ’ve got more money–a lot of people do this , they ’ll get engaged with whatever they can afford at the time , and then a few years later when they ’ve got some spare cash the wife will end up getting an upgraded ring as an anniversary present , makes perfect sense .
Ok , here ’s how to figure this out .
A few tips
Take into account the bride - to - be ’s personal tastes : if she ’s got a thing for diamonds then your wallet might have to take one for the team , whereas if she ’s a bit of a hippie and hates the diamond cartel because she thinks they use diamonds mined by slave labor in Sierra Leone ( yes , it ’s possible you could inadvertently buy a blood diamond , but unlikely ) , then you ’ll be better off NOT getting a ring with a big chunk of ice in it .
Also , some girls simply do n’t like diamonds as gemstones go in general , so you might be better off getting her a ring with a ruby or emerald or other gemstone in it .
You definitely need to be thinking about upcoming expenses that you ’re going to have such as wedding costs , the new home that newly weds often purchase for themselves , a new car , and any children that might be joining you soon ( I hate to be the one to break it to you if do n’t already know but : kids are expensive ) .
) .
I highly recommend you go to Amazon and have a look at their list of bestselling engagement rings just to see what ’s popular and how much other people are spending ( a LOT of people are buying rings online now and Amazon is by far the most popular retailer ) , have a look here : Amazon.com ’s engagement rings sorted by bestselling .
Advice from a professional
Ronnie Mervis is co-owner of Mervis Diamond Importers – the leading diamond dealer in the Washington D.C. area for the past 30 years , here ’s his advice on how much to spend for an engagement ring :
Additional Resources and Further Reading
If you ’re willing to spend a penny to save a dollar , as any intelligent person is , I highly recommend you pick up a copy of The Engagement Ring Handbook ( click here to check it out ) where you ’ll learn how NOT to get ripped off , how to get special deals and discounts , where to shop , how to learn precisely what your fiancée wants in an engagement ring , etc .
I highly recommend it , it ’ll save a lot of money and trouble , believe me .
Here ’s an excellent and very detailed article over on lovetoknow.com about how much to spend on an engagement ring .
Here ’s another similar article from About.com .
Also , check out this post at this financial advice blog not so much for the article itself but for the comments that come after it from the readers , that ’s where there ’s some really useful information .
2009 Deadliest Year for U.S. in Afghanistan
More than twice as many U.S. troops killed in Afghanistan as Iraq .
WASHINGTON , Jan. 1 , 2010  --
Eight years after the war began , 2009 was the deadliest year for U.S. service members fighting in Afghanistan and the first time American casualties there exceeded the number in Iraq , Pentagon records show .
More than 312 American soldiers died in Afghanistan last year -- nearly twice as many as in 2008 .
In Iraq , only 150 Americans lost their lives , half as many as the year before .
December 2009 was also the first month since the U.S. - led war in Iraq began in March 2003 without a U.S. combat death .
The three U.S. casualties in Iraq last month were the result of non-combat - related incidents .
Military officials and analysts predict the trend will continue into 2010 as the U.S. continues to draw down forces in Iraq and build up troop levels in Afghanistan as part of President Obama 's new military strategy there .
Currently 72,000 U.S. troops serve in Afghanistan with 30,000 expected to arrive by late this year to help fight Taliban insurgents and enhance security for Afghan civilians .
By the end of 2010 , roughly 100,000 U.S. troops will be stationed in the region .
President Obama announced his decision to send more U.S. forces to Afghanistan in a Dec. 1 speech at West Point , following a months - long policy review conducted by his military and civilian foreign policy team .
The administration hopes that the additional troops will produce results similar to the 2007 surge in Iraq , which dramatically curbed violence and has been credited with creating conditions for political stability .
" These are the resources that we need to seize the initiative , while building the Afghan capacity that can allow for a responsible transition of our forces out of Afghanistan , " Obama said at West Point .
" Just as we have done in Iraq , we will execute this transition responsibly , taking into account conditions on the ground . "
But officials have warned that , as in Iraq , the number of U.S. casualties in Afghanistan will likely rise in the short term while forces implement the new mission .
U.S. Military Officials Warn of Increased Casualties
Speaking to a group of 700 Marines at Camp Lejeune , N.C. , following the president 's announcement , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Mike Mullen said he is certain the military will sustain an increase in casualties this year .
" This is what happened in Iraq during the surge , and as tragic as it is , to turn this thing around , it will be a part of this surge as well , " Mullen said .
" I expect a tough fight in 2010 . "
Defense Secretary Robert Gates , in an interview with ABC News ' Charles Gibson on Dec. 2 , also warned Americans to expect more casualties in 2010 .
" Every life is precious .
We lost 15 soldiers and Marines in November .
We lost 44 in October .
Casualties will vary as we go into the winter , but come spring , those casualties will grow , " Gates said .
But several military experts say the rise in casualties will likely only be temporary as the surge takes effect .
Retired Army General and ABC
News military consultant William Nash says , " there will be more targets , but there will also be more security , which will ultimately decrease casualties . "
" The key is going to be synergy between military , politics and economics , " he said , adding that prospects are not favorable in the short term .
" But over a period of one or two years , I think there 's a great opportunity to make progress . "
ABC News ' Luis Martinez and Nick Schifrin contributed to this report .
The headline on Fox Nation today shouts that : Pres. Obama Reacts to Haiti Earthquake Faster Than Christmas Bomber .
How typical of Fox to turn a tragedy into a trivial partisan attack .
News Flash to Fox Nation : The Crotch Bomber succeeded in blowing up nothing other than his own loins .
He was quickly subdued .
The plane suffered no damage .
There were no casualties amongst the passengers .
He was taken into custody without incident and he remains incarcerated .
Moments after the event there was no imminent risk to anyone on the plane or elsewhere .
There was no reason to rush a response to the Crotch Bomber because the threat had been neutralized .
On the other hand , Haiti was struck by the worst earthquake the region has experienced in over two hundred years .
Thousands may be dead , and thousands more in peril .
Fast action is necessary and will undoubtedly save lives .
The risk is severe and ongoing .
But all the Fox Nationalists care about is politicizing the catastrophe and castigating the President for responding with appropriate urgency .
What a despicable bunch of cretins .
Perhaps they would be happier with the Bush model that left New Orleans stranded , desperate , and dying , in the critical hours after Katrina .
At least the view from the right is thoroughly consistent .
If a few air travelers ( and wealthy airlines ) are briefly threatened by an incompetent , wannabe terrorist , drop everything and rush off to Detroit .
But if it ’s an entire population of dark - skinned , poor people who are in danger , let them suffer .
After all , as Rush Limbaugh said of the Haitian people this morning , “ They produce zilch , zero , nada . ”
Therefore , there is no reason to extend any humanitarian services to alleviate their suffering .
Or as Pat Robertson said , they brought it on themselves because they “ swore a pact to the devil . ”
See ?
These lazy Satanists are just getting what they deserve .
For those who are not despicable rightist cretins , you can donate to Haitian relief efforts here :
International Committee of the Red Cross
Doctors Without Borders
Oxfam International
By Marko Papic and Peter Zeihan
The situation in Europe is dire .
After years of profligate spending , Greece is becoming overwhelmed .
Barring some sort of large - scale bailout program , a Greek debt default at this point is highly likely .
At this moment , European Central Bank liquidity efforts are probably the only thing holding back such a default .
But these are a stopgap measure that can hold only until more important economies manage to find their feet .
And Europe 's problems extend beyond Greece .
Fundamentals are so poor across the board that any number of eurozone states quickly could follow Greece down .
And so the rest of the eurozone is watching and waiting nervously while casting occasional glances in the direction of Berlin in hopes the eurozone 's leader and economy - in - chief will do something to make it all go away .
To truly understand the depth of the crisis the Europeans face , one must first understand Germany , the only country that can solve it .
Germany 's Trap
The heart of Germany 's problem is that it is insecure and indefensible given its location in the middle of the North European Plain .
No natural barriers separate Germany from the neighbors to its east and west , no mountains , deserts , oceans .
Germany thus lacks strategic depth .
The North European Plain is the Continent 's highway for commerce and conquest .
Germany 's position in the center of the plain gives it plenty of commercial opportunities but also forces it to participate vigorously in conflict as both an instigator and victim .
Germany 's exposure and vulnerability thus make it an extremely active power .
It is always under the gun , and so its policies reflect a certain desperate hyperactivity .
In times of peace , Germany is competing with everyone economically , while in times of war it is fighting everyone .
Its only hope for survival lies in brutal efficiencies , which it achieves in industry and warfare .
Pre-1945 , Germany 's national goals were simple :
Use diplomacy and economic heft to prevent multifront wars , and when those wars seem unavoidable , initiate them at a time and place of Berlin 's choosing .
" Success " for Germany proved hard to come by , because challenges to Germany 's security do not " simply " end with the conquest of both France and Poland .
An overstretched Germany must then occupy countries with populations in excess of its own while searching for a way to deal with Russia on land and the United Kingdom on the sea .
A secure position has always proved impossible , and no matter how efficient , Germany always has fallen ultimately .
During the early Cold War years , Germany ’s neighbors tried a new approach .
In part , the European Union and NATO are attempts by Germany 's neighbors to grant Germany security on the theory that if everyone in the immediate neighborhood is part of the same club , Germany wo n't need a Wehrmacht .
There are catches , of course — most notably that even a demilitarized Germany still is Germany .
Even after its disastrous defeats in the first half of the 20th century , Germany remains Europe 's largest state in terms of population and economic size ; the frantic mindset that drove the Germans so hard before 1948 did n't simply disappear .
Instead of German energies being split between growth and defense , a demilitarized Germany could — indeed , it had to — focus all its power on economic development .
The result was modern Germany — one of the richest , most technologically and industrially advanced states in human history .
Germany and Modern Europe
That gives Germany an entirely different sort of power from the kind it enjoyed via a potent Wehrmacht , and this was not a power that went unnoticed or unused .
France under Charles de Gaulle realized it could not play at the Great Power table with the United States and Soviet Union .
Even without the damage from the war and occupation , France simply lacked the population , economy and geographic placement to compete .
But a divided Germany offered France an opportunity .
Much of the economic dynamism of France 's rival remained , but under postwar arrangements , Germany essentially saw itself stripped of any opinion on matters of foreign policy .
So de Gaulle 's plan was a simple one : use German economic strength as sort of a booster seat to enhance France 's global stature .
This arrangement lasted for the next 60 years .
The Germans paid for EU social stability throughout the Cold War , providing the bulk of payments into the EU system and never once being a net beneficiary of EU largesse .
When the Cold War ended , Germany shouldered the entire cost of German reunification while maintaining its payments to the European Union .
When the time came for the monetary union to form , the deutschemark formed the euro 's bedrock .
Many a deutschmark was spent defending the weaker European currencies during the early days of European exchange - rate mechanisms in the early 1990s .
Berlin was repaid for its efforts by many soon - to - be eurozone states that purposely enacted policies devaluing their currencies on the eve of admission so as to lock in a competitive advantage vis-à - vis Germany .
But Germany is no longer a passive observer with an open checkbook .
In 2003 , the 10 - year process of post - Cold War German reunification was completed , and in 2005 Angela Merkel became the first postwar German leader to run a Germany free from the burden of its past sins .
Another election in 2009 ended an awkward left - right coalition , and now Germany has a foreign policy neither shackled by internal compromise nor imposed by Germany 's European " partners . "
The Current Crisis
Simply put , Europe faces a financial meltdown .
The crisis is rooted in Europe 's greatest success : the Maastricht Treaty and the monetary union the treaty spawned epitomized by the euro .
Everyone participating in the euro won by merging their currencies .
Germany received full , direct and currency - risk - free access to the markets of all its euro partners .
In the years since , Germany 's brutal efficiency has permitted its exports to increase steadily both as a share of total European consumption and as a share of European exports to the wider world .
Conversely , the eurozone 's smaller and / or poorer members gained access to Germany 's low interest rates and high credit rating .
And the last bit is what spawned the current problem .
Most investors assumed that all eurozone economies had the blessing — and if need be , the pocketbook — of the Bundesrepublik .
It is n't difficult to see why .
Germany had written large checks for Europe repeatedly in recent memory , including directly intervening in currency markets to prop up its neighbors ' currencies before the euro 's adoption ended the need to coordinate exchange rates .
Moreover , an economic union without Germany at its core would have been a pointless exercise .
Investors took a look at the government bonds of Club Med states ( a colloquialism for the four European states with a history of relatively spendthrift policies , namely , Portugal , Spain , Italy and Greece ) , and decided that they liked what they saw so long as those bonds enjoyed the implicit guarantees of the euro .
The term in vogue with investors to discuss European states under stress is PIIGS , short for Portugal , Italy , Ireland , Greece and Spain .
While Ireland does have a high budget deficit this year , STRATFOR prefers the term Club Med , as we do not see Ireland as part of the problem group .
Unlike the other four states , Ireland repeatedly has demonstrated an ability to tame spending , rationalize its budget and grow its economy without financial skullduggery .
In fact , the spread between Irish and German bonds narrowed in the early 1980s before Maastricht was even a gleam in the collective European eye , unlike Club Med , whose spreads did not narrow until Maastricht 's negotiation and ratification .
Even though Europe 's troubled economies never actually obeyed Maastricht 's fiscal rules —
Athens was even found out to have falsified statistics to qualify for euro membership — the price to these states of borrowing kept dropping .
In fact , one could well argue that the reason Club Med never got its fiscal politics in order was precisely because issuing debt under the euro became cheaper .
By 2002 the borrowing costs for Club Med had dropped to within a whisker of those of rock - solid Germany .
Years of unmitigated credit binging followed .
The 2008 - 2009 global recession tightened credit and made investors much more sensitive to national macroeconomic indicators , first in emerging markets of Europe and then in the eurozone .
Some investors decided actually to read the EU treaty , where they learned that there is in fact no German bailout at the end of the rainbow , and that Article 104 of the Maastricht Treaty ( and Article 21 of the Statute establishing the European Central Bank ) actually forbids one explicitly .
They further discovered that Greece now boasts a budget deficit and national debt that compares unfavorably with other defaulted states of the past such as Argentina .
Investors now are ( belatedly ) applying due diligence to investment decisions , and the spread on European bonds — the difference between what German borrowers have to pay versus other borrowers — is widening for the first time since Maastricht 's ratification and doing so with a lethal rapidity .
Meanwhile , the European Commission is working to reassure investors that panic is unwarranted , but Athens ' efforts to rein in spending do not inspire confidence .
Strikes and other forms of political instability already are providing ample evidence that what weak austerity plans are in place may not be implemented , making additional credit downgrades a foregone conclusion .
Germany 's Choice
As the EU 's largest economy and main architect of the European Central Bank , Germany is where the proverbial buck stops .
Germany has a choice to make .
The first option , letting the chips fall where they may , must be tempting to Berlin .
After being treated as Europe 's slush fund for 60 years , the Germans must be itching simply to let Greece and others fail .
Should the markets truly believe that Germany is not going to ride to the rescue , the spread on Greek debt would expand massively .
Remember that despite all the problems in recent weeks , Greek debt currently trades at a spread that is only one - eighth the gap of what it was pre-Maastricht — meaning there is a lot of room for things to get worse .
With Greece now facing a budget deficit of at least 9.1 percent in 2010 — and given Greek proclivity to fudge statistics the real figure is probably much worse — any sharp increase in debt servicing costs could push Athens over the brink .
From the perspective of German finances , letting Greece fail would be the financially prudent thing to do .
The shock of a Greek default undoubtedly would motivate other European states to get their acts together , budget for steeper borrowing costs and ultimately take their futures into their own hands .
But Greece would not be the only default .
The rest of Club Med is not all that far behind Greece , and budget deficits have exploded across the European Union .
Macroeconomic indicators for France and especially Belgium are in only marginally better shape than those of Spain and Italy .
At this point , one could very well say that by some measures the United States is not far behind the eurozone .
The difference is the insatiable global appetite for the U.S. dollar , which despite all the conspiracy theories and conventional wisdom of recent years actually increased during the 2008 - 2009 global recession .
Taken with the dollar 's status as the world 's reserve currency and the fact that the United States controls its own monetary policy , Washington has much more room to maneuver than Europe .
Berlin could at this point very well ask why it should care if Greece and Portugal go under .
Greece accounts for just 2.6 percent of eurozone gross domestic product .
Furthermore , the crisis is not of Berlin 's making .
These states all have been coasting on German largesse for years , if not decades , and is n't it high time that they were forced to sink or swim ?
The problem with that logic is that this crisis also is about the future of Europe and Germany 's place in it .
Germany knows that the geopolitical writing is on the wall :
As powerful as it is , as an individual country ( or even partnered with France ) , Germany does not approach the power of the United States or China and even that of Brazil or Russia further down the line .
Berlin feels its relevance on the world stage slipping , something encapsulated by U.S. President Barack Obama 's recent refusal to meet for the traditional EU - U.S. summit .
And it feels its economic weight burdened by the incoherence of the eurozone 's political unity and deepening demographic problems .
The only way for Germany to matter is if Europe as a whole matters .
If Germany does the economically prudent ( and emotionally satisfying ) thing and lets Greece fail , it could force some of the rest of the eurozone to shape up and maybe even make the eurozone better off economically in the long run .
But this would come at a cost :
It would scuttle the euro as a global currency and the European Union as a global player .
Every state to date that has defaulted on its debt and eventually recovered has done so because it controlled its own monetary policy .
These states could engage in various ( often unorthodox ) methods of stimulating their own recovery .
Popular methods include , but are hardly limited to , currency devaluations in an attempt to boost exports and printing currency either to pay off debt or fund spending directly .
But Greece and the others in the eurozone surrendered their monetary policy to the European Central Bank when they adopted the euro .
Unless these states somehow can change decades of bad behavior in a day , the only way out of economic destitution would be for them to leave the eurozone .
In essence , letting Greece fail risks hiving off EU states from the euro .
Even if the euro — not to mention the EU — survived the shock and humiliation of monetary partition , the concept of a powerful Europe with a political center would vanish .
This is especially so given that the strength of the European Union thus far has been measured by the successes of its rehabilitations — most notably of Portugal , Italy , Greece and Spain in the 1980s — where economic - basket case dictatorships and pseudo - democracies transitioned into modern economies .
And this leaves option two : Berlin bails out Athens .
There is no doubt Germany could afford such a bailout , as the Greek economy is only one - tenth of the size of the Germany's .
But the days of no-strings - attached financial assistance from Germany are over .
If Germany is going to do this , there will no longer be anything " implied " or " assumed " about German control of the European Central Bank and the eurozone .
The control will become reality , and that control will have consequences .
For all intents and purposes , Germany will run the fiscal policies of peripheral member states that have proved they are not up to the task of doing so on their own .
To accept anything less intrusive would end with Germany becoming responsible for bailing out everyone .
After all , who would n't want a condition - free bailout paid for by Germany ?
And since a euro - wide bailout is beyond Germany 's means , this scenario would end with Germany leading the EU hat - in - hand to the International Monetary Fund for an American / Chinese - funded assistance package .
It is possible that the Germans could be gentle and risk such abject humiliation , but it is not likely .
Taking a firmer tack would allow Germany to achieve via the pocketbook what it could n't achieve by the sword .
But this policy has its own costs .
The eurozone as a whole needs to borrow around 2.2 trillion euros in 2010 , with Greece needing 53 billion euros simply to make it through the year .
Not far behind Greece is Italy , which needs 393 billion euros , Belgium with needs of 89 billion euros and France with needs of yet another 454 billion euros .
As such , the premium on Germany is to act — if it is going to act — fast .
It needs to get Greece and most likely Portugal wrapped up before crisis of confidence spreads to the really serious countries , where even mighty German 's resources would be overwhelmed .
That is the cost of making Europe " work . "
It is also the cost to Germany of leadership that does n't come at the end of a gun .
So if Germany wants its leadership to mean something outside of Western Europe , it will be forced to pay for that leadership — deeply , repeatedly and very , very soon .
But unlike in years past , this time Berlin will want to hold the reins .
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News , San Francisco
Ligeia
Mare covers about 100,000 sq km in Titan 's high north A daring proposal to try to put a " boat " down on a sea of Saturn 's moon Titan is about to be submitted to Nasa .
The scientific team behind the idea is targeting Ligeia Mare , a vast body of liquid methane sited in the high north of Saturn 's largest moon .
The concept will be suggested to the US space agency for one of its future mission opportunities that will test a novel power system .
It would be the first exploration of a planetary sea beyond Earth .
" It is something that would really capture the imagination , " said Dr Ellen Stofan , from Proxemy Research , who leads the study team .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The story of human exploration on Earth has been one of navigation and seafaring , and the idea that we could explore for the first time an extraterrestrial sea I think would be mind - blowing for most people , " she told BBC News .
Dr Stofan , who is also an honorary professor at University College London , has been describing her group 's idea here at the American Geophysical Union 's ( AGU ) Fall Meeting , the world 's largest annual gathering of Earth scientists .
Low cost
The Cassini mission currently in orbit around Saturn has confirmed the haze - shrouded moon Titan to be an extraordinary place .
Great lakes exist on its surface , fed by rivers that wash down valleys whenever it rains .
TITAN MARE EXPLORER ( TiME ) A Nasa Discovery Class proposal , powered by ASRG technology Simple mission concept would hope to be low cost - < $ 425 m Launch 2016 ; Earth and Jupiter flybys ; splash - down 2023 Science payload : Mass spectrometer , sonar , meteorology and imaging instruments
In many respects , it resembles Earth and the way it cycles water between the surface and the atmosphere , except in the frigid temperatures of Titan it is not water but liquid hydrocarbons that are in constant circulation .
Scientists got a few brief hours worth of data back from Titan 's land surface in 2005 when the Huygens probe touched down in an equatorial region of the moon .
Now a number of those same researchers are desperate to go back for a longer - lived stay , but to investigate this time the huge pools that contain methane , ethane , propane and probably many other types of hydrocarbon ( carbon - rich ) compounds .
The Titan Mare Explorer ( TiME ) has already been under study for about two years .
It is envisaged as a relatively low - cost endeavour - in the low $ 400 m range .
It could launch in January 2016 , and make some flybys of Earth and Jupiter to pick up the gravitational energy it would need to head straight at the Saturnian moon for a splash down in June 2023 .
The scientists have a couple of seas in mind for their off - world maritime research vessel .
Ligeia Mare and Kraken Mare are both about 500 km across .
Earth relevance
The primary objective of the mission would be to determine the precise chemistry of one of these lakes ; but also to do meteorology , to help scientists better understand how the " methane - ologic cycle " on Titan actually works .
" The key instrument is a mass spectrometer because you want to know what the lake is made of , but we also want to do things like depth - sounding , " said Dr Stofan .
" We suspect from Cassini radar data that the lakes are many metres deep , but we 'd love to know the overall shape of the lake basins .
A flash of sunlight reflected off Kraken Mare
Enlarge Image
" Other instruments would test different properties of the lake which would give you a handle on how the density of the liquid varied as the craft drifted along . "
According to team - member Dr Ralph Lorenz , what we learn from Titan 's lakes could be relevant here on Earth .
It would give scientists the opportunity to study shared climate processes at work under very different conditions .
" If we have models that will work on Earth and on Titan then we can be much more confident that those models understand the fundamentals of what 's going on , " explained the researcher from the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory .
" The photogenic appeal and the mystique of exploring a sea on another world speak for themselves , but there is a genuine practical application to do with the science that will help us address problems here on Earth . "
Mission sequence Pictures will be essential , though .
The Huygens lander sent back a vista of orange pebbles - one of the most iconic images in Solar System exploration history .
A view from the surface of a methane lake , looking towards the shore would be just as amazing .
Nasa and Esa ( European Space agency ) are currently considering a joint multi-billion - dollar mission to the outer planets , but they have the Jupiter system and not Saturn as their next priority .
Huygens pictured icy pebbles
If TiME is to make it off the launch pad it will have to grasp one of the smaller mission opportunities that Nasa periodically offers , such as the one it runs under its Discovery Class programme .
Bids for this opportunity will be invited in the coming months .
The agency will be considering mission concepts that can carry an Advanced Stirling Radioisotope Generator ( ASRG ) .
This is a plutonium - driven device that produces power far more efficiently than the traditional Radioisotope Thermoelectric Generators ( RTGs ) used hitherto on space missions , such as on Cassini .
ASRGs would give TiME sufficient energy to support a very capable instrument suite and a direct - to - Earth communications system to get its data home .
The generators - TiME would carry two - could conceivably sustain several years of service on the lake surface .
Whatever the outcome of the Discovery competition - and there will be many bids from other mission hopefuls - Dr Lorenz believes the scientific case for going to Titan is compelling , and he envisages the orangey moon becoming a popular destination in the decades ahead .
" I think the range of science questions that are there , and the methodologies and types of vehicle that we use to address that science , is going to follow very much the Mars model - we 'll have one mission building on the success of another and exploring different questions , " he told BBC News .
" Hopefully , TiME will just be the first of many exciting missions to Titan . "
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Amazon relents and is selling Macmillan books again .
Adding reporting from Motoko Rich , the Times reporter covering the publishing industry , on Macmillan ’s side of the dispute .
As Venture Beat and other blogs have noticed Friday evening , books from Macmillan , one of the largest publishers in the United States , have vanished from Amazon.com .
The question is why .
I ’ve talked to a person in the industry with knowledge of the dispute who says the disappearance is the result of a disagreement between Amazon.com and book publishers that has been brewing for the last year .
Macmillan , like other publishers , has asked Amazon to raise the price of electronic books from $ 9.99 to around $ 15 .
Amazon is expressing its strong disagreement by temporarily removing Macmillan books , said this person , who did not want to be quoted by name because of the sensitivity of the matter .
Macmillan is one of the publishers signed on to offer books to Apple , as part of its new iBooks store .
Its imprints include Farrar , Straus & Giroux , St. Martins Press and Henry Holt .
The publisher ’s books can still be bought from third parties on the Amazon site .
Apple , as we ’ve reported before , will allow publishers more leeway to set their own prices for e-books .
It ’s not clear yet if publishers can withhold books from Amazon while giving them to other parties like Apple .
I ’ve spoken to two antitrust lawyers who say it could raise legal issues .
Motoko Rich , my colleague , spoke with a person who had a direct conversation with a person at Macmillan familiar with the conversations with Amazon .
Macmillan offered Amazon the opportunity to buy Kindle editions on the same “ agency ” model as it will sell e-books to Apple for the iPad .
Under this model , the publisher sets the consumer book price and takes 70 percent of each sale , leaving 30 percent to the retailer .
Macmillan said Amazon could continue to buy e-books under its current wholesale model , paying the publisher 50 percent of the hardcover list price while pricing the e-book at any level Amazon chooses , but that Macmillan would delay those e-book editions by seven months after hardcover release .
Amazon ’s removal of Macmillan titles on Friday appears to be a direct reaction to that .
Macmillan has not yet returned a request for comment .
Amazon refused to comment .
The Conservatives should no longer count on winning the election outright , according to a Guardian / ICM poll published today .
The new survey suggests Britain is on course for a hung parliament amid faltering public support for David Cameron 's party .
The opposition have also lost ground on key policy issues , including the economy , and in particular may be losing their campaign against Labour 's so - called " death tax " .
Labour leads the Tories by eight points as the party with the best policy on care for the elderly .
The two parties are neck and neck on their ability to sort out the economic crisis , against a nine - point Tory lead when the question was last asked in August 2009 .
With no more than three months to go until polling day , the Conservatives have fallen to 37 % , down three on last month 's Guardian / ICM poll and down two on another ICM poll earlier this month .
The party has not fallen so low in an ICM poll since the tail end of the banking crisis , last falling to 37 % in February 2008 .
As recently as last October the Tories hit 45 % in an ICM poll and the party will be alarmed by this latest evidence that the race is tightening , which confirms the findings of some other recent polls .
Meanwhile Labour 's support , at 30 % , is eight points up on its absolute ICM bottom last May , and slightly above its average for the second part of last year .
However , there is no sign of either a boost for the party following Gordon Brown 's Piers Morgan interview or a fall after this weekend 's reports about Brown bullying his staff .
Labour 's support is up one point on the last Guardian / ICM poll and unchanged from the most recent ICM poll .
Research began last Friday and most was carried out before the serialisation of Andrew Rawnsley 's book in yesterday 's Observer , which may have affected Labour support .
Around a fifth of responses were collected on Sunday .
Nick Clegg 's hopes of a powerful place in a hung parliament are also boosted by today 's poll , which puts the Liberal Democrats on 20 % , unchanged from the most recent ICM and down one on last month 's Guardian poll .
All this suggests that Labour and the Lib Dems are holding steady while the Conservatives lose some ground to smaller parties , which are on a total of 13 % .
Nationalists are on 5 % , Ukip and the Greens on 3 % each and the BNP on 2 % .
Estimates of what these shares would mean for the parties on polling day vary , but a 7 % lead is at the margins of what the Tories think they need to win a majority .
One academic calculation suggests the result would leave Labour only 25 seats behind the Tories in a hung parliament , although any improved Tory performance in marginal seats would offset that .
• ICM Research interviewed a random sample of 1,004 adults by telephone on 19 - 21 February 2010 .
­Interviews were conducted across the country and the results have been weighted to the profile of all adults .
ICM is a member of the British Polling Council and abides by its rules
Here ’s a great tip given by a member of the Aquaponics Made Easy Forum on a cheap easy - to - build hot water system using compost .
The original question posted to the forum was " how to heat a fish tank over winter without any extra energy costs ? "
A hard thing to do .
Thermal Mass heating was one answer but a crafty member posted a very interesting solution and swears that it works a treat .
We ’ve illustrated his simple design .
It ’s so simple you will think “ Ah- ha !
Why did n’t I think of that ? ”
Daryl from Windsor in NSW came up with an innovative solution using two ordinary wheelie bins that are filled with compost and a wound central pipe arrangement to turn cold water hot very quickly .
How does it work ?
“ What I have made is a compost heater , inside a wheelie bin with 20 mm poly pipe coiled around the outside wall of a pipe – about 8 metres in each bin . ” he says .
Compost can reach a core temperature of 70 degrees Centigrade .
Conventional
Hot Water systems are thermostatically set to heat the water to around 65 – 70 degrees centigrade .
So at its peak this system will create very hot water for free .
“ Then I load the first wheelie bin with grass clippings and horse manure and after two weeks load the second wheelie bin with the same stuff .
After four weeks I empty and reload the first bin .
You can leave the system running longer but the main heat production is in the first four weeks . ” says Daryl .
Sourcing a wheelie bin in the city is quite easy .
The main ingredients are Nitrogen and Carbon .
Any green leafy material like fresh grass clippings is suitable as a nitrogen source .
When mixed with an alternating layer of carbon such as dry leaves , shredded newspapers or cardboard the end result is ignited by micro organisms to create compost .
Make sure the mixture is well watered as a dry mix will not work so well .
But harnessing the heat given off in the core of the wheelie bin is where this idea really shines .
The central vertical pipe could also benefit with a number of large size holes drilled into it to assist oxygenation of the compost heap core without turning the heap over as is the case with most conventional compost systems .
Daryl says you can enjoy quite a number of free hot showers before the system will eventually cool down and he advocates a rich grass mixture .
" If the grass is packed in tight it should hit peak temp in about a week and hold for about 3 weeks then start tapering off .
“ It ’s best if you can have a second bin started and just swap from one to the other .
You can use other stuff in the bin like a normal compost heap but because the grass has so much nitrogen in it its start up time is much faster .
“ A few years ago I helped build a large compost heap that had about 300 meters of 25 mm rural pipe going through it .
After 4 weeks this system was providing enough hot water for 35 people to wash up and shower with .
I was there for 3 months and we kept adding compost onto the heap and it worked the whole time I was there , eventually you would have to dig out the pipe , use the compost , and start all over again .
That ’s why I used the wheelie bins ” , said Daryl .
The end result is an endless supply of rich garden compost and lots of free hot water !
Many Americans are learning about poverty firsthand for the first time in their lives .
American culture has focused on consumerism and material riches as the major source of pleasure for decades , making this transition to poverty harsh for many people .
Though their basic needs may be met , some of the newly poor find themselves depressed by their new monetary limits and unable to see the pleasures still available to them .
I 've lived in poverty for different parts of my life .
I was poor for much of my childhood and homeless directly afterward .
I learned early on how to have fun on a budget .
Then I managed to pull myself up to middle class for about a decade .
Illness and other problems brought that time to a close .
I 've experienced everything from abject poverty to an upper middle class lifestyle .
I noticed during my middle class years that most middle class people do n't do a lot of things that are n't spending related for enjoyment ; they seem to always be going out to eat , going to movies , shopping , or partaking of expensive hobbies .
As a result , once they no longer have the same income they are n't familiar with many ways to have fun on a budget .
I 'd like to share some of the things I do for enjoyment as a poor person , things I feel that people of any income could enjoy .
photo by Kylyssa Shay
Ten to Tri
My first triathlon , 4 months after my 4th baby with 10 weeks to train .
How it will happen .
The good the bad and the ugly .
*** This was 2 years ago .
Now it is on to marathon training !***
As the resident of a quiet village in Oxfordshire with a plummy accent to match , she makes an unlikely revolutionary .
But she has become a key player in the unrest that is shaking Iran and is such an irritant to President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that she has been subjected to a propaganda campaign by the regime 's henchmen .
Known only by her Twitter name , Oxfordgirl has emerged as a crucial link between the protesters and the outside world .
" Before they started blocking mobile phones I was almost co-ordinating people 's individual movements – ' Go to such and such street , ' or ' Do n't go there , the Basij [ militia ] are waiting , ' " she said .
" It was very strange to be sitting in Oxford and co-ordinating things like that . "
Tomorrow the opposition is planning another demonstration under the cloak of an official rally to mark the 31st anniversary of the revolution .
Oxfordgirl , who guards her identity for fear of reprisals against her family in Iran , said : " It 's going to be a big day for the Persian psyche .
It wo n't topple the regime but it 's part of the process of showing the resistance wo n't go away .
" It 's significant because of the symbolism of the revolution .
A lot of people will attend the official rally and see lots of protesters coming out against the regime . "
Over the last seven months Oxfordgirl has built a reputation as one of the most reliable sources of information on the turmoil .
Since the disputed election last June she has posted more than 12,000 updates on Twitter , and has become convinced that the social networking site is helping to bring down the regime .
" People who have n't been involved in Iran do n't understand how Twitter can work – they think it 's about chatting about pop stars .
But if it had n't been for Twitter a lot of people would n't have got involved [ in the unrest ] and they would n't know what 's going on .
" On a practical level it has saved lots of lives by warning people not to go down certain roads . "
A former journalist in Tehran , she has used her contacts to spread word of the unrest .
With heavy restrictions on foreign media , Twitter updates from Oxfordgirl and a handful of others counter - balance the official version of events .
" In the early days I was posting news of riots in other cities , at a time when the international media was saying it was only in Tehran , " she said .
" Several days later the BBC confirmed there had been riots elsewhere .
This made what I was tweeting more trustworthy . "
In the run-up to tomorrow 's protest she has been using her 10,000 Twitter followers to disseminate ways of avoiding the anticipated crackdown .
" The regime is getting better at shutting down the internet and my contacts are nervous about what might happen , " she said .
" But Iranians are clever at getting around things . "
Oxfordgirl 's effectiveness appears to have rattled the regime .
She is convinced that the Iranian government has tried to use Twitter itself to undermine her .
" One day a whole load of new people arrived on Twitter .
It was quite clear that some ministry got them to join at the same time and follow each other .
They started putting out rumours about me .
When Persiankiwi [ another prominent Twitter user ] went silent , they said it was me who had turned him in .
Then they started saying I was Maryam Rajavi [ an exiled opposition leader regarded as a terrorist in Iran ] . "
She is acutely aware of the dangers of being discovered .
" I live in a small village so anyone who is out of place stands out immediately .
There have been a couple of moments when I 've seen people outside , and my heart started going faster .
Your imagination runs wild .
I do n't want my cousins disappeared in the middle of the night . "
Despite the risks she is determined to carry on .
" I 'm doing this because I love Iran and I want to it to be free , " she said .
" I do n't want people to be frightened of what they say . "
Today I found out that baking soda makes a good teeth whitener .
Specifically it works by breaking down stains in your teeth caused by such things as dark sodas , wine , smoking , coffee , etc .
Baking soda , also known as sodium bicarbonate , when dissolved in water gives off free radicals which penetrate the surface of your enamel , combining with the stains in your teeth , and breaking carbon double bonds , thus helping to remove the stains .
So in effect , it whitens by getting rid of the stains , rather than many commercial whiteners which more or less just try to bleach your teeth white .
In order to brush your teeth with baking soda , just mix some baking soda in with a small amount of water to create a nice thick paste and brush it on to your teeth .
Now let it sit for four or five minutes , then brush again and rinse .
It should be noted that baking soda should not be used too frequently due to the fact that it can also corrode the enamel in your teeth over time if used too often .
As such , it should not be used more than four or five times a month as a teeth whitener .
Baking Soda Facts :
Baking soda , sodium bicarbonate , is naturally found in many mineral springs where it is mined .
It can also be artificially made .
The natural mineral form is called nahcolite .
The ancient Egyptians used the nahcolite as a cleaning solution .
Baking powder is slightly different than baking soda .
Baking powder contains baking soda combined with some acidic agent , usually cream of tartar , and then a drying agent , usually starch .
You can make your own baking powder by mixing 2 parts cream of tartar to 1 part baking soda , then one part cornstarch .
Baking powder is available in single action and double action varieties .
The single action powder is activated by moisture ( starts bubbling ) .
The double action reacts somewhat with water , but more strongly with heat .
Baking Soda Uses :
Makes a great agent for putting out fires of all types .
Works well for cleaning vegetables and fruits , removing insecticides and dirt .
Sprinkle some on produce , then rinse .
Helps get out oil and grease stains on clothing when added to your wash .
Much like activated carbon , baking soda does a terrific job at removing chemically smells and other odors from the air .
Works well as a stain remover , particularly on plastic surfaces or marble .
Mix a thin paste of baking soda and water and scrub the stained surface .
Similar to how it breaks down stains in your teeth , it will break down stains on other surfaces .
Clean your dishwasher periodically by adding a cup of baking soda to an empty load and run it .
Helps removed burned food from pans .
Soak the pan for about 10 minutes in a solution of water and baking soda .
The worse the food is burned on , the more baking soda per water unit you should add .
Works well as a chrome and stainless steel polishing agent .
If you are a smoker , mix baking soda in your ash tray to help remove some of the cigarette smell .
If your shoes / feet smell , sprinkle a little baking soda on your socks to eliminate odor .
Adding 1/2 a cup to a cup of baking soda to a bath will help soften your skin .
For babies , add about 2 - 4 tbsp of baking soda to their bath water and it will help relieve diaper rashes .
Baking soda will help relieve itching and discomfort from insect bites , rashes , chicken pox , poison ivy , etc .
1/2 teaspoon of baking soda in about 4 - 6 ounces of water will help relieve acid indigestion or heartburn .
Gargling baking soda water will freshen your breath and clean your mouth .
Baking soda also works wonders on canker sore pain .
Got a sunburn ?
Apply a thin paste of baking soda and water to your burned area to sooth your pain .
Works well as an underarm deodorant .
If you happen to hunt birds , you ’ll find the feathers come off easier if , when you scald them , you add baking soda to the boiling water .
This will also help clean the flesh .
Baking soda works well as a natural “ Rain - X ” type solution on windshields .
Pour baking soda on your windshield and then wipe with a wet cloth , both inside and out .
Works well as a dry cleaning agent on such things as back packs and other canvas materials .
One part baking soda mixed with two parts ground oatmeal makes a great facial scrub .
Works well to clean hair brushes , which get very oily over time from your hair if not cleaned at least one a month .
Baking soda makes a great natural shampoo / conditioner agent .
It will remove the oil from your hair and clean it as well as make it soft .
Pour baking soda into a clogged drain followed by vinegar .
Let it bubble a way for several minutes , then flush with hot water .
A teaspoon or so of baking soda taken with foods that give you gas will drastically reduce or eliminate the gas problem .
Baking soda makes a great natural , cheap oven cleaner .
Sprinkle baking soda on your cloth furniture and carpet , allow it to sit for a few hours , then vacuum it to get rid of odors .
Baking soda mixed with a little water and toothpaste will make an effective paste to be used for getting rid of water rings in wood furniture .
To freshen up your car ’s smell , sprinkle baking soda around on your interior and then after a few hours , vacuum it out .
You can also fill your ash tray with baking soda and leave it , to help get rid of odors on a daily basis .
Cleansing corroded car battery terminals with a baking soda paste will help keep your terminals nice and clean .
It will also neutralize the acid on the terminals , which will make them safer to touch .
Wipe the paste off the terminals with a dry rag .
A little baking soda sprinkled in the bottom of your cat litter box will drastically reduce the odors from the litter and cat poop .
If you are having an ant or cockroach problem in your house , sprinkle baking soda mixed with salt around the areas you notice them .
They will go away .
Baking soda mixed with white toothpaste and possibly food coloring ( if needed ) , makes a decent spackle for repairing holes in your wall .
For you gardeners out there , if you are n’t sure whether your soil is acidic , mix a quarter of a cup of baking soda with two cups of water ; now stir in a cup of the soil .
If it foams up , then the soil is acidic .
If you get stung by a jellyfish , apply baking soda to the stung area to relieve your pain .
It also works great on bee - stings .
Unclog your nose by mixing baking soda in with hot water and breathe in the vapors .
Adding baking soda to your vase water will help keep cut flowers looking fresh longer .
If you are having a problem with rabbits eating your veggies in your garden , sprinkle some baking soda around the garden and vegetables to keep them out .
Baking soda sprinkled in the soil around tomato plants will make them sweeter .
Make a great sports drink by mixing boiled water with baking soda , salt , and kool - aid .
Raw fish soaked in a baking soda solution will help remove the fishy smell from the fish when you cook it .
A half teaspoon of baking soda added to every three eggs cooked will make them fluffy .
Add a cup or two of baking soda to your toilet , then after a few hours , flush .
It will clean it with almost no work on your part as well as get rid of odors .
A spoon full of baking soda added to your dishwasher every load will help clean the dishes better and remove odors from your dishwasher as stated above .
Great for removing grease and oil stains in your garage or driveway .
Makes a great solution to clean shower curtains in .
If you liked this article , you might also enjoy our new popular podcast , The BrainFood Show ( iTunes , Spotify , Google Play Music , Feed ) , as well as :
Expand for References :
Harry Patch , the last surviving Tommy from World War I , first talked about his experiences of the war when he turned 100 .
Javascript and Flash plug - in required Either the Flash plugin was not detected on your computer or the JavaScript features of your brower have been disabled .
To enable Javascript on your browser we recommend that you contact your computer support line .
Click here to download the Flash plugin from the Macromedia website
Guidance :
This slideshow contains some disturbing images .
Photographs show soldiers of all nationalities during the war ( PA and Getty Images ) .
Slideshow by Rebecca Cafe .
Publication date 6 August 2009 .
Speaking in 2005 on the BBC's The Last Tommy documentary , Harry recounted how his comrades were killed on the battlefield and how he could not shoot to kill .
Right up until his death on 25 July 2009 , Harry became an advocate for peace and reconciliation .
His funeral took place at Wells Cathedral .
SEE ALSO
Everyone loves facts about the space .
Everyone is intrigued by it .
The chapter on space in the science books always seems the easiest one , why ?
Because it 's always interesting .
I was '
stumbling '
around when i saw a cool space fact which inspired me to look up even more of them .
Here are some of the ones i liked :
If you put Saturn in water it would float
The density of Saturn is so low that if you were to put it in a giant glass of water it would float .
The actual density of Saturn is 0.687 g/cm 3 while the density of water is 0.998 g/ cm 3 .
At the equator Saturn has a radius of 60,268 ± 4 km – which means you would need an extremely large glass of water to test this out .
The light hitting the earth right now is 30 thousand years old
The energy in the sunlight we see today started out in the core of the Sun 30,000 years ago – it spent most of this time passing through the dense atoms that make the sun and just 8 minutes to reach us once it had left the Sun !
The temperature at the core of the sun is 13,600,000 kelvins .
All of the energy produced by fusion in the core must travel through many successive layers to the solar photosphere before it escapes into space as sunlight or kinetic energy of particles .
The Sun loses up to a billion kilograms a second due to solar winds
Solar winds are charged particles that are ejected from the upper surface of the sun due to the high temperature of the corona and the high kinetic energy particles gain through a process that is not well understood at this time .
Also , did you know that 1 pinhead of the sun ’s energy is enough to kill a person at a distance of 160 kilometers ?
The moon is drifting away from Earth
Every year the moon moves about 3.8 cm further away from the Earth .
This is caused by tidal effects .
Consequently , the earth is slowing in rotation by 24 leap seconds since 1972 .
Scientists do not know how the moon was created , but the generally accepted theory suggests that a large Mars sized object hit the earth causing the Moon to splinter off .
If two pieces of metal touch in space , they become permanently stuck together
This may sound unbelievable , but it is true .
Two pieces of metal without any coating on them will form in to one piece in the vacuum of space .
This does n’t happen on earth because the atmosphere puts a layer of oxidized material between the surfaces .
This might seem like it would be a big problem on the space station but as most tools used there have come from earth , they are already coated with material .
In fact , the only evidence of this seen so far has been in experiments designed to provoke the reaction .
This process is called cold welding .
There are over 20 million observable meteors per day .
Out of these , only one or two meteorites per day reach the surface of Earth .
The largest found meteorite was found in Hoba , Namibia .
It weighed 60 tons .
The typical size of a meteor is about one cubic centimeter , which is equivalent to the size of a sugar cube .
Each day , Earth accumulate 10 to 100 tons of material .
You might be thinking if the above fact is true , then what is all the fuss about ' rocks ' hitting the earth ?
Those are asteroids .
The most dangerous asteroids , those capable of causing major regional or global disasters , usually impact the Earth only once every 100,000 years on average .
Some large asteroids even have their own moon .
The orbits of most asteroids lie partially between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter .
In space , any free moving liquid will form itself into a sphere .
This happens due to surface tension .
The liquid tends to acquire minimum possible surface area for its volume .
If you shouted in space quite literally no one could hear you scream – even if they were standing / floating right next to you .
The reason for this is the absence of atmosphere or one should say a medium for the sound waves to travel .
If you fold a piece of A4 paper in half 44 times it will reach the moon
If a piece of paper is 0.1 mm thick , then the effective thickness doubles on folding .
Thus on folding 44 times it will be 2 ^44 times which is then multiplied by 0.1 mm which gives 1.76 million kilometers .
Proving that women love to do things differently , Venus is the only planet to rotate clockwise .
When Apollo 11 ’s lunar module touched down on the moon , it had just 20 seconds of fuel left on board .
ON THE surface , Framingham , Massachusetts looks like any other American town .
Unbeknown to most who pass through this serene place , however , it is a gold mine for medical research .
Since 1948 three generations of residents in Framingham have participated in regular medical examinations originally intended to study the spread of heart disease .
In the years since , researchers have also used Framingham to track obesity , smoking and even happiness over long periods of time .
Now a new study that uses Framingham to analyse loneliness has found that it spreads very much like a communicable disease .
Feeling lonely is more than just unpleasant for those who yearn to be surrounded by warm relationships — it is a health hazard .
Numerous studies show that loneliness reduces fruit - fly lifespans , increases the chances of mice developing diabetes , and causes a host of adverse effects in people , including cardiovascular disease , obesity and weakening of the immune system .
Simply being surrounded by others is no cure .
In people , the mere perception of being isolated is more than enough to create the bad health effects .
However , in spite of its significant impact , precious little is known about how loneliness moves through communities .
Keen to shed some light on the mystery , John Cacioppo of the University of Chicago and his colleagues turned to the Framingham data .
They found that all participants in the study were routinely asked to list people who would probably know their whereabouts in the next two to four years .
Most importantly , they were asked to describe their relationship with each person as friend , spouse , sibling , neighbour or colleague .
The original purpose of such questions was to help the researchers behind the heart - disease project stay in touch with participants even when they moved out of Framingham .
But the loneliness team immediately recognised them as a way to identify social interactions .
Between 1983 and 2001 , even more useful information was collected when participants were regularly asked to state how many days a week they felt certain feelings .
One of the options they were presented with was “ I felt lonely ” .
The answers , when combined with the data on where participants were living and who their friends and family were , allowed Dr Cacioppo and his colleagues to analyse the formation and transmission of isolation .
They report in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology that loneliness formed in clusters of people , and that once one person in a social network started expressing feelings of loneliness , others within the same network would start to feel the same way .
The effects spread as far as three degrees of separation .
Those who had immediate contact with lonely people were around 50 % more likely than average to feel lonely themselves .
In people who knew people who had direct contact with lonely people , the figure was 25 % .
Those with three degrees of separation showed roughly a 10 % increase .
The reason for the spread , the team argues , is because loneliness causes people to act towards others in a less generous and more negative fashion .
As someone becomes lonely , he is more likely to interact with his friends negatively , and they are then more likely to interact with other friends negatively .
If these interactions are repeated , the ties of friendships fray and people become lonelier and more isolated .
The effects were more noticeable among friends than family , and stronger among women than men .
The researchers argue that this is because the costs of abandoning relationships are lower for friends than they are for family members , and because women look to friends for emotional and social support more than men do .
When they fail to receive it , they are more likely to become lonely .
Yet these findings are only the first step .
The team of researchers is starting to look at other towns and cities , to see if there are any public policies or city - planning techniques that thwart the spread of loneliness .
No solutions have been discovered so far , but through the process of studying other communities the researchers have discovered that when it comes to having clusters of lonely people , Framingham , unfortunately , is very much like any other town in America .
For all intents and purposes , Turkey has given up on the European Union , recognising it as a bastion of Islamophobia and captive to US diktat .
As Switzerland bans minarets and France moves to outlaw the niqab , the popular Islamist government in Istanbul moves in the opposite direction — supporting the freedom to wear headscarfs , boldly criticising Israel and building bridges with Syria .
This is nothing less than a fundamental realignment of Turkish politics towards Turkey ’s natural allies — the Arabs … and the Russians .
This new alignment with Russia began in 2001 when Turkish and Russian foreign ministers signed the Eurasia Cooperation Action Plan .
It went into high gear in February 2009 , when Turkish President Abdullah Gul made a state visit to Russia , including a visit to the Russian Federation ’s thriving and energy - rich Autonomous Republic of Tatarstan , populated by a majority of Muslim Turks , with pipelines , nuclear energy and trade the focus of attention .
In the past , Russia had poor relations with Turkey , which since its founding as a republic in 1922 was firmly in the Western camp and seen by Moscow as a springboard for infiltration into the Caucasus and its Turkic southern republics .
With the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 , Yeltsin ’s Russia acquiesced to US hegemony in the region , and as part of this opening to the West , Turkish schools , construction firms and traders came in great numbers to the ex-Soviet “ stans ” ( Uzbekistan , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan and Turkmenistan ) .
9/11 convinced Russian president Vladimir Putin to go so far as welcoming US military bases in the most strategic “ stans ” .
The old Great Game appeared to be over , lost resoundingly by Russia .
But as the world tired of the US - sponsored “ war on terrorism ” , it seemed the Great Game was not over after all .
A NATO member , Turkey was soon joined by Bulgaria and Romania , making the Black Sea a de facto NATO lake , alarming a now resurgent Russia .
Ukraine ’s Western - backed “ Orange Revolution ” in 2004 further tilted the balance away from Russia , with Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko defiantly vowing to join NATO and kick the Russian fleet out of Crimea .
He even armed Georgia in its war with Russia in 2008 .
However , not only Russia was fed up with the new Pax Americana .
Over 90 per cent of Turks had an unfavourable view of the US by 2007 .
It is no surprise that Turkey began to back away from unconditional support of NATO and the US , notably , during the 2003 invasion of Iraq , by its refusal in 2008 to allow US warships through the Bosphorus Strait to support Georgia , and by its outspoken criticism of Israel following the invasion of Gaza that year .
In contrast to the US - sponsored colour revolutions in the ex-socialist bloc , Turkey ’s “ Green Revolution ” brought the religious - oriented Justice and Development Party to power in 2002 .
Its political direction has been in search of balance in the region and peaceful relations with its neighbours , including Armenia and the Kurds .
In 2004 Russian president Vladimir Putin signed a joint declaration of cooperation in Ankara , updated in February 2009 by Gul and Russian President Dmitri Medvedev in Moscow .
Gul declared , “ Russia and Turkey are neighbouring countries that are developing their relations on the basis of mutual confidence .
I hope this visit will in turn give a new character to our relations . ”
Key to this is Turkey ’s proposal for the establishment of a Caucasus Stability and Cooperation Platform .
Following Gul ’s visit , Turkish media even described Turkish - Russian relations as a “ strategic partnership ” , which no doubt set off alarm bells in Washington .
None of this would be taking place without solid economic interests .
Turkish - Russian economic ties have greatly expanded over the past decade , with trade reaching $ 33 billion in 2008 , much if it gas and oil , making Russia Turkey ’s number one partner .
They may soon use the Turkish lira and the Russian ruble in foreign trade .
This is the context of Medvedev ’s visit 13 January to Ankara , which focussed primarily on energy cooperation .
Russia ’s AtomStroiExport had won the tender for the construction of Turkey ’s first nuclear plant last year , and Medvedev was eager to get final approval on Turkish cooperation in Gazprom ’s South Stream gas pipeline to Europe .
Turkey will soon get up to 80 per cent of its gas from Russia , but this dependency is no longer viewed as a liability in light of the two countries ’ new strategic relations .
Just what will happen to the West ’s rival Nabucco pipeline , also intended to transit Turkey , is now a moot point .
Nabucco hopes to bring gas from Iran and Azerbaijan to Europe through Turkey and Georgia .
Given the standoff between the West and Iran and the instability of Georgia , this alternative to Russia ’s plans looks increasingly unattractive .
Azerbaijan , shrewdly , has already signed up with South Stream .
Kommersant quoted Gazprom officials as saying that Turkey could soon join Italy and Germany as Russia ’s “ strategic partner ” .
Italy ’s ENI is co-funding the South Stream project .
The other arm of Gazprom ’s pincer move around Ukraine is Nord Stream , and Germany late last year gave its final approval for Nord Stream .
A Polish minister compared the Russia - Germany Nord Stream project to the 1939 Molotov - Ribbentropp pact , because the pipeline allows Russia to deliver gas to Western Europe and “ turn off the taps ” to Ukraine in case it stops paying or starts stealing gas as happened several times under the Orange revolutionaries .
Turkey is very much a key player in this new Great Game , only it appears to have changed sides .
The Russian and Turkish prime ministers voiced the hope that their trade would triple by 2015 , and announced plans to for a visa - free regime by May this year .
“ In the end , without doubt , [ a visa - free regime ] will lead to activating cooperation between our countries , ” said Turkish Prime Minister Recep Erdogan .
The presidential elections now in progress in Ukraine could take some of the wind out of the sails of South Stream .
Its rationale could be brought into question if the new Ukrainian president succeeds in convincing Moscow that s/he will make sure no further hanky - panky takes place .
Ukraine , in dire economic straits , needs the transit fees , which would disappear if current plans go ahead .
But the damage the Orange revolutionaries did to Ukraine ’s economy and relations with Russia is already a fait accompli .
Says Alexander Rahr at the German Council on Foreign Relations , “ Under every leadership , Ukraine will try to make use of its geographical position and the Russians realised this some time ago .
This is why they desperately need a way to circumvent Ukraine . ”
Even if Ukraine , too , changes teams and rejects NATO expansion plans , it will still have to thrash out a new role , most likely minus its gas transit commissions .
Contender Viktor Yanukovich has signalled he would sign up to an economic cooperation agreement with Russia and smooth over existing political problems like the question of the Russian fleet and possibly the recognition of South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
Turkey could well follow suit .
“ If any Western country is going to recognise the independence of Abkhazia , it will be Turkey because of a large Abkhazian diaspora there , ” says Rahr .
There is no reason why Ukraine could n’t join the budding Russian - Turkish alliance , founded on regional stability and peace , unlike the current NATO - led one of confrontation and enmity .
This would leave only the mad Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili quixotically fighting his windmills , dictator of a rump state — the very opposite of his intended role as NATO ’s valiant knight leading its march eastward .
Even inveterate Turkish foe Armenia seems eager to join the new line - up , as last year ’s exchange of ambassadors demonstrated .
Street View Special Collections
Thank you to everyone who submitted ideas and voted in the Street View Special Collections Poll .
We are thrilled to announce the winning locations which we 'll try to add to Street View :
Parliament House and War Memorial , ACT
Valley of the Giants and Tree Top Walk , WA
Mount Lofty Botanic Garden , SA
Lord Howe Island , NSW
Melbourne CBD 's laneways , VIC
Port Arthur , TAS
Simpson Gap Bicycle Path , Alice Springs , NT
Hamilton Island , QLD
As we normally only collect images from public roads we 'll work closely with the relevant organisations to collect images of privately - owned locations .
In the meantime , we invite you to explore existing special attractions and other popular Street View locations in our Street View Gallery !
© Google
Nintendo has released all new media of Metroid : Other M , the Team Ninja and Nintendo developed Wii game that tells a more " revealing , personal story " than previous Metroid games , including Other M's chronological predecessor , Super Metroid .
Advertisement
What Nintendo calls a " dramatic new direction for a legendary franchise and a bold new blend between cinematics , storytelling and the best in interactive entertainment " is what we 'll call simply Metroid : Other M , a sequel dated earlier today for a June 27 release in North America .
All - new screen shots of Samus Aran 's latest adventure highlight Team Ninja 's trademark cinematic prowess and showcase the game 's blend of 2D and 3D gameplay .
Advertisement
Featuring a control scheme that uses Wii Remote - only controls ( held sideways ) for side - scrolling adventure and battle moments , with pointer control for first - person exploration and shooting , Other M certainly sounds like a fine compromise for the longtime Metroid fan .
We 'll find out later when our hands - on impressions from today 's summit go live .
Nintendo promises voice acting — will we hear Samus speak , not just scream ?— and a rich , " engaging " backstory set on the decommissioned Bottle Ship , plus plenty of action and exploration .
Until you get to experience it yourself , enjoy new Metroid : Other M screens that run at a resolution worthy of a Wii HD .
( Nintendo warns " screen captures are taken from a version of the game still in development and are provided at a higher resolution than what is available in game . " )
IN A failure of the state 's employment screening system , 14 people assessed in 2008 - 09 as posing a significant risk went on to get jobs working with children .
At least one had accessed child pornography .
A report by the NSW Auditor - General reveals flaws in the system of protecting children from potential abusers and molesters .
'' There 's a safety net , it 's got holes and those holes need to be mended quick smart , '' the Auditor - General , Peter Achterstraat , said yesterday .
The first audit of the program since its inception almost 10 years ago found that :
> It did not reliably identify all people who posed a risk ;
Jan 13
Posted in Energy Economy | Energy Industry | Energy Politics
UK ’s energy and climate change minister , Lord Hunt shares his opinion , “ We recognise that the North Sea has huge resources , we are exploiting those in the UK quite intensively at the moment .
But there are projects where it might make sense to join up with other countries , so this comes at a very good time for us . ”
Lord Hunt is talking about several North Sea countries that have coalesced for a good cause .
They are aiming to create a clean and green supergrid .
This supergrid will be connected to wind farms of Scotland , solar panels of Germany and hydro-electric dams of Norway .
This project will be ready soon and then the first green European electricity grid will become a reality .
They have expanded a network of thousands of kilometers of highly efficient undersea cables .
These network cables will cost around € 30bn .
This way renewable energy generated in any of the North Sea countries will be available to many .
The supergrid will also perform the task of a gigantic 30 GW battery for Europe ’s alternative and clean energy .
This grid will store electricity when energy demand is low .
The North Sea grid would also operate as a spine of the future European electricity supergrid , where more energy will be produced from renewable energy sources .
They are also trying to overcome the problem of unreliability associated with alternative energy .
This supergird will have electricity available in all types of unpredictable weather because at least one phenomenon of nature will be happening such as blowing wind , lapping waves or shiny sun .
Justin Wilkes , is the policy director of the European Wind Energy Association ( EWEA ) .
He said , “ If Europe is able to develop a super - grid it will be a vital ingredient in the fight against climate change because it will allow large - scale integration of renewable electricity production . ”
This project involves the participation of nine governments of Germany , France , Belgium , the Netherlands , Luxembourg , Denmark , Sweden and Ireland and the UK .
This project will lay a milestone to the oath , European Union took , that by 2020 they will meet 20 % of their energy needs from alternative sources of energy .
Hydro powered plants of Norway are equal to about 30 large coal - fired power stations .
They can utilize extra energy to pump water uphill .
That water will fall down again creating the necessary force to generate electricity when there is a laxity in demand .
Wilkes says , “ The benefits of an offshore supergrid are not simply to allow offshore wind farms to connect ; if you have additional capacity , which you will do within these lines , it will allow power trading between countries and that improves EU competitiveness . ”
The EWEA has conducted a study regarding the costs of connecting the proposed 100GW wind farms and building interconnectors .
These interconnectors will also accommodate wind and wave power farms in future .
This cost will be around € 30bn .
Lord Hunt is talking about the plan , “ The first thing we ’re aiming for is a common vision .
We will hopefully sign a memorandum of understanding in the autumn with ministers setting out what we ’re trying to do and how we plan to do it . ”
Hunt agreed that the European supergrid will be a long term project but it will not remain in its planning phase only .
They will take a concrete shape in future .
Hunt agreed that The UK , like other countries , faced “ huge challenges with our renewables targets .
The 2020 target is just the beginning and then we ’ve got to aim for 2050 with a decarbonised electricity supply – so we need all the renewables we can get . ”
The West Greenland current transports water originating from the Nordic seas that wrap around the southern tip of Greenland .
The West Greenland Current ( WGC ) flows north along the shelf and shelf break of the west coast of Greenland .
It transports about 3 Sv of fresh ( salinity < 34.5 ) , cold ( - 1.8 °C ) water from the Nordic seas ( Clarke 1984 ; Cuny et al. 2002 ) .
By FishOutofWater
The West Greenland current normally does not connect directly with the Gulf Stream , but the most negative " Arctic oscillation " in 50 years of measurement caused a strong wind field that temporarily drove the Gulf Stream toward the west Greenland current .
Negative phase of the Arctic Oscillation
These regional contrasts in temperature anomalies resulted from a strongly negative phase of the Arctic Oscillation ( AO ) .
The AO is a natural pattern of climate variability .
It consists of opposing patterns of atmospheric pressure between the polar regions and middle latitudes .
The positive phase of the AO exists when pressures are lower than normal over the Arctic , and higher than normal in middle latitude .
In the negative phase , the opposite is true ; pressures are higher than normal over the Arctic and lower than normal in middle latitudes .
The negative and positive phases of the AO set up opposing temperature patterns .
With the AO in its negative phase this season , the Arctic is warmer than average , while parts of the middle latitudes are colder than normal .
The phase of the AO also affects patterns of precipitation , especially over Europe .
The phase of the AO is described in terms of an index value .
In December 2009 the AO index value was - 3.41 , the most negative value since at least 1950 , according to data from the NOAA Climate Prediction Center .
The unprecedented atmospheric circulation pattern brought exceptionally warm air to Greenland and the Arctic ocean while dumping cold Arctic air into the United States , Europe and central Siberia .
Warm air keeps ice extent low December air temperatures over the Arctic Ocean region , eastern Siberia , and northwestern North America were warmer than normal .
In contrast , temperatures in Eurasia , the United States , and southwestern Canada were below average .
The strongest anomalies ( more than 7 degrees Celsius / 13 degrees Fahrenheit ) were over the Atlantic side of the Arctic , including Baffin Bay and Davis Strait , where ice extent was below average .
Anomaly in degrees Celsius .
The warm air over the Arctic ocean and Greenland slowed the formation of sea ice .
Sea ice in the Labrador Sea decreased in late December with the strong current that brought warm water up the west coast of Greenland .
The past gives clues to what might be happening in the North Atlantic .
Recent research on paleoclimates ( 10 pg PDF ) is showing that very warm Gulf Stream water penetrated much further north in the seas between Greenland and Norway in the Paleocene before the Pleistocene glaciations began .
The USGS Pliocene Research , Interpretation and Synoptic Mapping ( PRISM ) Project is charged with reconstructing global conditions during the ~ 3.3 to 3.0 Ma time interval ( hereafter " the mid-Piacenzian " ) in an effort to better understand past and possible future climate dynamics .
PRISM reconstructions of sea-surface temperature ( SST ) , based largely on planktic foraminifer assemblage data , indicate that temperature differences between the mid-Piacenzian and modern increase with latitude in the North Atlantic ( Dowsett et al. 1992 ) .
That is , mid-Piacenzian temperatures near the equator were similar to modern temperatures , but temperatures in the higher latitudes were several degrees warmer than at present .
This reconstructed equator - to - pole gradient has been indeterminate at and above ~ 66°N , however , because temperature estimates from polar regions such as the Nordic Seas and Arctic Ocean have remained elusive due to the lack of geologic proxies yielding quantitative results as well as weak age control .
Water off of Spitzbergen was 65 degrees Fahrenheit in August .
Northern Europe had a much warmer climate .
Summer temperatures between 10 °C and 18 °C and very low BFARs imply at least seasonally ice - free conditions in the subpolar North Atlantic and nearby Arctic Ocean during the mid-Piacenzian .
Incorporation of these data into the PRISM SST reconstruction provides a possible analog to future climate .
( The benthic foraminifer accumulation rate ( BFAR ) , is calculated as the number of dead benthic foraminifer specimens in 10 cc of sediment .
In the modern Arctic , the BFAR is lowest under
seasonally ice - free areas and highest under permanent ice cover
at any given water depth ( Wollenberg and Kuhnt 2000 ) . )
By FishOutofWater
Paleoclimates were more sensitive to CO2 than previously recognized according to new research studies of CO2 in soil .
The warmest paleoclimates happened at CO2 levels of 1000 ppm - where we are headed if there are no limits on fossil fuel emissions .
The soil research showed that paleo - CO2 levels were calculated based on average conditions when soil carbonate actually forms under the hottest and driest conditions .
This miscalculation caused ancient CO2 levels to be overestimated for warm periods like the Mesozoic and the Paleocene .
The carbon isotope compositions of modern soil and speleothem carbonate were studied in the southwestern USA in order to investigate their relationship to local plant cover .
Our results suggest that δ 13C values of both soil and speleothem carbonate tend to be biased toward seasonal extremes rather than " average " plant distributions .
Evidence from modern soils in central New Mexico indicates that soil carbonate forms during the warmest and driest times of year .
Reduced respiration rates under these conditions lower soil CO2 concentrations and help drive the precipitation of calcite .
Soil carbonates are biased toward C4 plants because they record the annual maximum δ 13C values of soil CO2 that occur during dry episodes .
In addition , if pedogenic carbonate records minimum rather than mean growing season soil pCO2 values , then paleoatmopsheric CO2 concentrations calculated using the paleosol barometer may be significantly overestimated .
The need for urgent action to rapidly cut emissions of CO2 , other greenhouse gases , and black carbon soot is becoming more evident by the day .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
It ’s been two months to the day since I posted here about a major oil leak spewing from a wellhead in the Timor Sea northwest of Australia .
At the time officialdom was predicting it might takes weeks to cap .
Well , it ’s been 9 weeks and crude oil and gas condensate are still leaking .
Thai energy company PTTEP has so far tried and failed to cap the mess three times .
Their estimate for success remains firm at “ weeks . ”
A wide range of marine wildlife — dolphins , sea birds , sea turtles , whales , dugongs — is under threat from the 2,500 - square - mile slick .
The spill is also crossing an oceanic superhighway for migrating marine life .
The images are from NASA ’s Aqua satellite and posted at their Earth Observatory ( mission : to share images , stories , and discoveries about climate and environment emerging from NASA research ) .
The top picture shows the area around the damaged oil platform in relation to the northwest tip of Australia .
The lower image shows a close - up of the slick ( dark blue ) and the leak ( small circle ) .
Oil slicks on the ocean are often imperceptible in natural color images .
But when they appear in the sunglint — that is , where the mirrorlike reflection of the Sun washes out the image — they sometimes become visible .
As seen here .
UPI reports the leak is difficult to contain or assess because it ’s about 2 miles below the surface .
PTTEP claims it ’s leaking 400 barrels a day .
Australia ’s Department of Resources , Energy and Tourism calculates it ’s more like 2,000 barrels of oil a day .
Let ’s see , 2,000 x 9 weeks = 126,000 barrels .
That ’s about half what the Exxon Valdez dumped .
Not to mention which we ’re still seeing the devastating effects of that spill 20 years later .
More interesting , in a way , is how little attention this slow - motion disaster is garnering .
If only there was a ship cracked up on the rocks .
As it is , without pictures , there ’s no story .
NASA is trying .
But the little circle and the dark blue in the sunglint just ca n’t cut through the fog of Dancing With the Stars .
Weak gravitational lensing is a uniquely promising way to learn how much dark matter there is in the Universe and how its distribution has evolved since the distant past .
New work by a team led by a cosmologist from the U.S. Department of Energy 's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory has made major progress in extending the use of gravitational lensing to the study of much older and smaller structures than was previously possible .
Until recently , weak lensing had been limited to calculating the total mass of relatively nearby groups and clusters of galaxies .
Their total mass includes both ordinary , visible matter like stars and dust -- what astronomers call " baryonic " matter -- plus the much more massive invisible concentrations of dark matter that form groups and clusters by pulling galaxies together .
Astronomers were able to establish an important scaling relationship for nearby clusters between their total masses , determined by gravitational lensing , and the brightness of their x-ray emissions , an indication of the mass of the ordinary matter alone .
A new study in the Astrophysical Journal ( ApJ ) now continues this important relationship to distant objects .
" We 've been able to extend measurements of mass to much smaller structures , which existed much earlier in the history of the Universe , " says Alexie Leauthaud , a Chamberlain Fellow in Berkeley Lab's Physics Division and first author of the ApJ study .
" This helps us gain a better understanding of the relationship between the normal matter in dense structures , which are seen through the x-ray luminosity , and the total dark - matter mass of these structures , as measured by the weak lensing . "
Leauthaud is a member of the Berkeley Center for Cosmological Physics ( BCCP ) at UC Berkeley and Berkeley Lab .
Mass as a lens
Gravitational lensing occurs because mass curves the space around it , bending the paths along which rays of light travel : the more mass ( and the closer to the center of mass ) , the more space bends , and the more the image of a distant object is displaced and distorted .
Thus measuring distortion , or " shear , " is key to measuring the mass of the lensing object .
advertisement
At least this is so for " strong " lensing .
A very massive object or collection of objects , like a nearby galaxy cluster and the invisible dark matter that encloses it , distorts the apparent shape and position of bright objects beyond it so much that the distant images are bent and may even be smeared into rings around the foreground cluster .
The visible distortion is a direct measure of the mass of the lens and points to its center .
Weak lensing works the same way , except that the shear is too subtle to be seen directly .
Most of the apparent shear is n't distortion at all -- a galaxy has its own distinct shape , and we often see it from an angle that makes it look elongated .
Apparent shear may also be due to the telescope , the detector , or the atmosphere .
Nevertheless , faint additional distortions in a collection of distant galaxies can be calculated statistically , and the average shear due to the lensing of some massive object in front of them can be computed .
Yet to calculate the lens 's mass from average shear , one needs to know its center .
" The problem with low - mass , high - redshift clusters is that it is difficult to determine which exact galaxy lies at the center of the cluster , " says Leauthaud .
" That 's where x-rays help .
The x-ray luminosity from a galaxy cluster can be used to find its center very accurately . "
The hot intracluster medium of gas or plasma that fills almost all galaxy clusters emits x-rays , making x-ray emission a convenient way to find distant galaxy structures in the night sky .
But how does this emission help find the center of mass in a galaxy cluster ?
For the same reason that dark matter is dark .
advertisement
Why dark matter is dark
Except through gravitation , dark matter does not interact ( or interacts only very weakly ) with itself or with ordinary matter .
Indeed , that 's why it 's dark : to emit light it would have to interact via the electromagnetic force .
With ordinary matter , electromagnetism affects everything from chemistry to luminosity to electric and magnetic fields and even the pressure of stellar winds ; thus electromagnetism plays an important role in determining the arrangement of ordinary matter , which is often irregular .
Because electromagnetism plays no role in the distribution of dark matter , however , dark matter forms large , smooth , spherical clumps , usually filled by ordinary galaxies plus hot gas or plasma , which it has trapped and retained solely through gravitation .
" Gas density follows the dark matter density , and because x-ray emission scales as the square of the gas density , the x-ray light shines very strongly in the core of the structure , " Leauthaud explains .
" So x-rays are an excellent way to determine the center of even a distant , fuzzy galaxy cluster . "
" Basically the more mass , the more heat , " says Jean - Paul Kneib , a lead author of the ApJ paper from the Laboratory of Astrophysics of Marseilles ( LAM ) and France 's National Center for Scientific Research ( CNRS ) .
" But the plasma is baryonic matter , which is only a small part of the total mass of the cluster .
While the x-radiation tells you something about the total mass , you need to get the scaling just right . "
To pin down the scaling relation between x-ray brightness and total mass , Leauthaud and her colleagues first used x-ray luminosity to identify the center of mass of 206 galaxy groups and clusters , including numerous faint , distant clusters listed in the Hubble Space Telescope 's Cosmic Evolution Survey ( COSMOS ) , which is curated by Nick Scoville of the California Institute of Technology , an author of the ApJ paper .
X -ray imaging came from the European Space Agency 's XMM - Newton satellite and from NASA 's Chandra satellite , whose principal investigator is Martin Elvis of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics , an author of the ApJ paper .
Elvis says , " I never thought our Chandra data would enable such a great measurement .
In fact I was astonished when Alexie first showed me the results .
It 's quite a tour de force of analysis , and really convincing . "
The X - ray analysis itself was performed by Alexis Finoguenov of the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics and the University of Maryland , one of the paper 's lead authors .
Knowing the centers of mass from analysis of x-ray emission , the researchers could now use weak lensing to estimate the total mass of the distant groups and clusters with greater accuracy than ever before .
Finally they calculated the mass - luminosity relation for the new collections of groups and clusters and found that it was consistent with previous relations established by surveys of much closer structures -- including some studied with strong gravitational lensing .
Within calculable uncertainty , the relation follows the same straight slope from nearby galaxy clusters to distant ones ; a simple , consistent scaling factor relates a group or cluster 's total mass to its x-ray brightness , or " baryonic tracer . "
" By confirming the mass - luminosity relation and extending it to high redshifts , " Leauthaud says , " we have taken a small step in the right direction toward using weak lensing as a powerful tool to measure the evolution of structure . "
In the beginning
The origin of galaxies can be traced back to slight differences in the density of the hot , liquid - like early universe ; traces of these differences can still be seen as minute temperature differences in the cosmic microwave background ( CMB ) .
" The variations we observe in the ancient microwave sky represent the imprints that developed over time into the cosmic dark - matter scaffolding for the galaxies we see today , " says BCCP director and UC Berkeley physics professor George Smoot of Berkeley Lab's Physics Division , who shared the 2006 Nobel Prize in Physics for measuring anisotropies in the CMB and is one of the authors of the ApJ paper .
" It is very exciting that we can actually measure with gravitational lensing how the dark matter has collapsed and evolved since the beginning . "
One goal in studying the evolution of structure is to understand dark matter itself , and how it interacts with the ordinary matter we can see .
Another goal is to learn more about dark energy , the mysterious something that is pushing matter apart and causing the Universe to expand at an accelerating rate .
Is dark energy constant , or is it dynamic ?
Or is it unreal , merely an illusion caused by a limitation in Einstein 's General Theory of Relativity ?
The tools provided by the extended mass - luminosity relationship will do much to answer these questions about the opposing roles of gravity and dark energy in the once and future shape of the Universe .
Instead of taking the humble clock at face value , two entrepreneurs decided to design a whole one .
Working Lunch reporter Simon Gompertz looks at how the ' spiral clock ' works , and whether it will make any money for its inventors .
Apple might have a couple iPad problems .
For starters , a basic question :
Will the thing sell ?
From the coverage we 've read , it 's not a slam - dunk " yes " as it so often is Apple .
The product , at least for now , seems to have a definitional problem .
Is it a big iPod Touch ?
A small MacBook ?
If the answer to either is yes , then what 's its point ?
If the answer is no , then , well , what the heck is it , exactly ?
But ...
Based on the research of the National Research Council , the Government Accountability Office , the Department of Education , the Computing Research Association , the National Academy of Sciences , the National Academy of Engineering , the RAND Corporation and a host of other university research sources , the AFL - CIO labor organization published a report in December refuting the claim that there is a shortage of engineering , technology and scientific talent in the United States .
This report comes from the Department of Professional Employees , which is an amalgamation of four AFL - CIO unions , including those representing IT workers , engineers , scientists , professors and other educators .
The report , entitled " Gaming the System : Guest Worker Visa Programs and Professional and Technical Workers in the U.S. , " pokes holes in guest worker programs and sheds light on the core issue of wage reduction for technical professionals in the United States and expansion of guest workers into newer fields such as health care and education .
The report touches on the oft - cited abuse and mistreatment of guest workers from foreign countries , as well as closely examining near - stagnant wages for U.S. workers and H - 1B visa holders .
The report looks at real - world examples of wage abuse based on 2008 wages of several technical H - 1B visa holders , including one whom Mabemah , based in Ocoee , Fla. , paid $ 11.20 per hour for a Web developer job - well below the prevailing wage for that occupation .
It also cites the example of a director of Medical Information Technology who made $ 11.90 an hour at The Pediatric Associates in Montrose , Colo .
Tactics for wage repression of H - 1B visa holders cited in the report include :
" " Employers often set lower salaries by : selecting a survey source with the lowest salaries , misclassifying experienced employees as entry - level , giving an H - 1B visa holder a lower job title than [ his or her ] work requires , or citing wages for a low - cost area of the country while the H - 1B holder is unlawfully transferred to a higher - cost area . " "
The executive summary of the report expresses several of its key findings , ( PDF ) including U.S. graduation rates in STEM ( science , technology , engineering , math ) fields :
" " Claims of shortages necessitating these programs , especially in the STEM fields , have been widely disputed and are not borne out by basic economic indicators .
A Congressionally - mandated study released by the National Research Council found that , " the current size of the H - 1B workforce relative to the overall number of IT professionals is large enough to keep wages from rising as fast as might be expected in a tight labor market .
...
If a genuine labor shortage existed , wages in these fields would have risen dramatically in ways they have not .
...
In addition , unemployment rates in this sector have increased dramatically over the past year , with engineers reaching their highest unemployment rate since at least 1972 .
Graduation rates in the STEM fields also indicate that the United States is producing enough graduates to meet the employment needs of the industry . " "
" This whole concept of shortages is bogus ; it shows a lack of understanding of the labor pool in the USA , " Videk Wadhwa , a professor at Duke University 's Master of Engineering Management Program , said to Baseline Magazine in 2008 .
Wadhwa also rejected the shortage notion based on wages .
" It does n't add up .
We live in a free economy , " Wadhwa told Baseline .
" If we were sitting in a government - controlled economy it would be one thing , but in a free economy what happens ... when shortages begin to develop is that prices rise and the money compensates for the shortage . "
Yet , even with an abundance of technically able graduates in the United States , according to the report , many in the field are rejecting these areas for fear of being outsourced .
The AFL - CIO report said :
" " A study by Rutgers University released in October 2009 found that while the U.S. is still producing enough skilled graduates in core STEM disciplines to fill industry needs , many highly qualified U.S. students in STEM fields leave the " pipeline " from STEM college major to STEM career possibly based on perceptions that STEM careers are highly susceptible to offshoring . " "
The report also took a stab at the U.S. government 's lack of reporting on the H - 1B visa program as mandated by law and said USCIS ( U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services ) has not released a fully updated report since 2005 .
text
I think I 've finally figured out the secret to making my favorite fries in the whole world - Red Robin fries !
These fries may not taste exactly like Red Robin's , but they 're awfully close .
Plus they are baked with olive oil and seasoned with fresh garlic , which makes them a healthier option than Red Robin fries fried in who knows what kind of oil .
Baked Garlic Steak Fries ( serves 2 - 3 )
2 russet potatoes cut into steak fries ( I cut mine once in half and then four times length wise on each half )
3 tablespoons olive oil
2 cloves garlic , sliced in half
salt and dried parsley to taste
Preheat your oven to 425F
Brush each potato slice side with olive oil and place on a cookie sheet or pan .
Bake for 25 - 30 minutes , turning over the slices once halfway through .
Remove the fries from the oven when they are golden brown .
Place them on a couple paper towels or a paper bag to soak up some of the oil .
Rub each side of each fry with garlic .
Sprinkle with salt and parsley .
Serve immediately .
Variations :
Try this recipe with sweet potatoes .
Play around with different spices like cayenne pepper and black pepper .
Jerusalem ( CNN ) -- Dubai's police chief said Sunday the secretive Israeli foreign intelligence unit Mossad " needs to be ashamed " after the January killing of a Hamas leader in a Dubai hotel .
" I am now 100 percent sure that the Mossad is behind the assassination " of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , said Lt. Gen. Dahi Khalfan Tamim .
" I used to say 99 percent but now I can say 100 percent . "
Al - Mabhouh , a founding member of Hamas ' military wing , was found dead in his Dubai hotel room on January 20 .
Police believe he was killed the night before , and have identified some 26 suspects in his death .
Israel has a stated policy on security matters of neither confirming or denying involvement .
Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , however , told Israel Army Radio earlier this month , " There is certainly no reason to think that the Mossad and not some other intelligence agency of another country operated there . "
Lieberman has also said only " media reports " link Israel to the slaying .
Asked about the case on Saturday , Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak repeatedly refused to make any comment .
" You know me long enough to assume that when I tell you I have nothing to say about this story , I have nothing to say , and I will not say , " Barak told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour .
" The Mossad needs to be ashamed of its actions , " Tamim said Sunday .
" They sent 26 , 27 persons to assassinate one man who was involved in the capturing and killing of two Israeli solders . "
Hamas has said al - Mabhouh was behind the 1989 deaths of the two soldiers .
Earlier Sunday , police said toxicology results showed that al - Mabhouh was injected with succinylcholine , a drug used to relax muscles during surgery or as an anesthetic , before he was suffocated .
Signs indicated that al - Mabhouh resisted as he was being suffocated , police said .
Family members were told earlier that police had found blood on a pillow .
Authorities have also said the killers left some of al - Mabhouh 's medication next to him in an apparent effort to make the death appear natural .
But " the medication left next to him in the room has nothing to do with the killing , " Tamim said Sunday .
However , authorities have recovered evidence including DNA , he said .
" The DNA evidence is quite important and will help us with the investigation . "
The 26 suspects are believed to have acquired false passports to travel to Dubai for the killing , then scattered to several far - flung locations afterward .
But " not all the 26 people have forged passports , " Tamim said Sunday .
" We know some of the names are real . "
The 26 do not include two Palestinians previously arrested in Jordan and returned to Dubai .
Tamim said one is not believed to be directly involved in al - Mabhouh 's death , but " he is wanted by one of the Palestinian factions in the Palestinian territories and he is sentenced to death and that 's why we will extradite him . "
He refused to discuss anything about the other Palestinian .
Twelve of the suspects used British passports , police said .
Six suspects used Irish passports , four used French passports , three used Australian passports and one used a German passport .
On Sunday , the British Embassy in Israel said it plans to talk to the British nationals whose identities were stolen and passports were used .
" We have made contact with six of the individuals and look to locate the remaining six for the fraudulent use of their identities , " an embassy official said Sunday .
The meetings will take place at the embassy , the UK Serious Organised Crime Agency said .
" We are arranging to speak to them as potential witnesses to a crime , " a spokesman for the agency said .
Tamim said Dubai does not plan to restrict travel in the wake of al - Mabhouh 's death .
He said al - Mabhouh entered the country under a false name and was not reported as being wanted by Israel .
" If we knew that he was a wanted man and that he was coming to the UAE , we would not have allowed him in . "
He said Dubai bears no ill will toward Israel or the Jewish people , " but we hate the hands , any hands that are covered with blood , whether they were Arab , Jewish or Muslim . "
CNN 's Caroline Faraj , Saad Abedine , Per Nyberg and Guy Azriel contributed to this report .
Seriously .
When I look back on the designs I produced inside GNOME , it makes me cringe sometimes .
It was n’t that I learned something after leaving GNOME ( in fact , my design quality improved immediately ) , and it was n’t that I was n’t trying to do the best I could ( lord knows I was ) …. its that I worked inside design contexts that let design flourish , that encouraged me to design in ways that were more productive , more sweeping , and more details at the same time .
I hope I can impart a piece of what makes a good design context ; so you can offer this context to the designers you work with , to help them do work that is dramatically better than they could otherwise offer .
You win , they win .
And its a hell of a lot more fun .
I want to use this response as a touchstone .
I have great respect for Benjamin and the viewpoint he represents here .
It is a very widespread viewpoint , and very reasonable .
Unfortunately , I believe it also epresents the sticking point in allowing major design to occur for GNOME .
Articulating why a design is good is substantially harder than coming up with a good design .
With experience people develop skills that go beyond what they can reason out .
True skill is subconscious .
Explanations of the results of true skill are invented on the spot for the purposes of communication , they cannot reflect the real ‘ reasoning ’ that occurred because its not open to conscious reflection .
Lets talk about learning to sail .
Learning : ( conscious )
While you are learning , you are using your high level brain to “ linguistically ” work out what to do .
You are thinking , “ ok , first , I figure out where the wind is coming from , then I turn into it until my sail starts to luff , when that happens I will quickly let out on the sheet a little bit …. “ .
Mastery : ( subconscious )
Then you get good at sailing .
You do n’t think about it .
You start solving problems you do n’t even know you are solving , solving problems that you never even consciously knew where problems to solve .
Associative learning is amazing !
You start reading winds from a distance using patterns on the water , and react before the wind even hits , you sheet in tighter as you build up speed subconsciously taking advantage of apparent wind ( a concept you may never have heard of ) .
You could easily not know you are doing this .
Teaching : ( conscious )
Here ’s the crazy thing : most people forget all the conscious linguistic thinking they knew while they were learning .
From a conscious level , they halfway forget how to sail .
When they go to teach sailing , they have to re-learn HOW it is they sail .
They have to observe themselves , and learn to sequence linguistic explanations for lower level understanding and reaction ….
but the real thinking permanently stays below the level of the conscious .
You can adapt it by more repetition with conscious intervention , but during actual use the only thing you can really do is observe it , and explain it .
Humans are heavily biased toward believing that our conscious linguistic reasoning is what drives everything , but most of our actual stimulus - response actions that comprise existence are at a lower level ( including in so - called cognitive tasks like programming ….
that ’s why you have to learn to program by doing , because your conscious executor is simply way way way too stupid to handle this depth of problem by reasoning it out , you have to offload 95 % of the processing off to your subconscious before you can actually program ) .
Design is no different .
When you program , you make many many decisions that are never challenged by anyone .
Other programmers do n’t challenge them , because they would generally make the same decisions ( or a similar equivalent one ) .
Non-programmers do n’t challenge them because they ca n’t get close enough to the symbolic language to even start making that kind of commentary .
Have you ever programmed with a less - competent programmer over your shoulder ( who did n’t know they were less competent ) ?
I have .
Their questions , and comments , and “ guidance ” is unbelievably disruptive : exactly because they constantly challenge stupid things that are just not worth challenging because it does n’t matter , there are much more important issues , and they ’re wrong 95 % of the time anyway ( and in the 5 % of the cases they were right , it was n’t worth the cognitive load of having to consciously reflect and on why you made a subconscious decision and INVENT a reason to explain a decision that was n’t conscious to begin with ) .
That ’s right :
When you offer linguistic explanations for why you did something that you are highly skilled at you are INVENTING an explanation at the time you are explaining .
You are not playing back an existing record of reasoning .
Sometimes , you get it right .
Often , you actually do n’t invent the right explanation , but come up with one that ’s plausible enough to convince the person you are talking to .
But the key is , you can never offer the real explanation , because the real explanation is : my highly trained neural associations produced this automatically as the correct response .
You simply can never think about most of your skilled decisions in that conscious symbolic linguistic way .
You only think about the tip of the iceberg symbolically .
I am NOT saying we should n’t argue , and use high - level reasoning .
We should !
That is how we learn , that is how we learn the very edge , that is how we handle new problems , beyond what our subconscious has been trained at .
We must !
But as much as possible , its more productive to use that limited symbolic linguistic reasoning toward the problems that are truly on the edge of what you can handle , not forcing them to constantly regroup and explain decisions that they did n’t make in the first place .
Now here ’s the problem : when you constantly drag designers through this mud , of symbolic rationalization ( which , as I said , mostly amounts to BS anyway ) you can actually limit them from doing their best work .
They will stay in symbolic reasoning mode , you are forcing them to stay there because they will have to explain every single thought .
You ca n’t get very far explaining every decision or action .
When I stopped doing design for GNOME , the quality of my designs increased dramatically .
It was like night or day .
This is crazy !
I was trying my hardest on GNOME , I was probably working harder than I ’ve ever worked on something since .
But my hacker interactions were limiting me from using my skills , I was limited to what I could reason out .
And the truth is , nobody can reason out much .
The real power of our brains is what lies beneath .
I knew I could never work in that context again , because the worst thing you can do to a skilled person , is force them to work in a context where their own personal output is well bellow what their skill is capable of .
Designers operating on a symbolic reasoning level are useless designers .
They will produce very mediocre designs , even if they are very extraordinary designers .
This is no different than any other profession .
Its just , most professions are n’t asked to account for ad - hoc invented explanations by people lacking the same subconscious constructs as them .
Designers constantly question eachother to defend ideas .
Its a good thing !
And in my interactions with programmers who are good at design , I welcome really long arguments .
I ’m also open to a pretty large amount explanation for the purpose of teaching design : helping somebody else develop unconscious skill .
But I cannot explain every design decision I do ( and their are hundreds of tiny ones even in the simplest mockup !!!
the space of design is massive … why did I use a sideways grid , why did I put the button in the corner , etc etc ) .
I can not even explain most of them .
I hope that I could explain as many design decisions as possible , I ’m trying to get better at this , just as most designers are .
Learning to explain these things is exactly the same process as learning how to teach something .
I think it ’s ok that I can’t , because I do n’t think there ’s a human alternative .
We will always be able to operate beyond what we can rationally back - justify .
Designers , who to trust .
Now , Benjamin raises another good point : I am basically saying you need to have absolute trust in designers if you do n’t know how to design .
I am actually saying that .
No joke .
Its crazy .
I do n’t have an answer .
Maybe you should ask yourself why you ’re talking to a designer in the first place ?
Is it just as a source of ideas , or do you think a person of skill might have better judgement than you too , even if they ca n’t convince you ?
Could you convince non-programmers of the rightness of millions of tiny programming choices if they were n’t susceptible to being “ snowed ” ???
( that is , and designers try this sometimes too , if you swamp people with enough scary words / terms they feel inadequate and shut up / sort of slightly trust you because you seem to know some things ) .
But the thing is , Otte is right : there are lots of bad designers .
Part of this , is because the only designers willing to work long - term inside a context where they can’t do good , skilled , subconscious design are ….. bad designers !
There ’s a terrible self - fulfilling cycle here .
Good designers will just leave ( or never come ) and find a place where they can “ be the best they can be ” .
So I do n’t have an answer .
Its a very very very hard problem , and a very genuine one .
The best answer I can offer is : “ you ’ll get to work with better designers if once you find one you suspect is good , you give him at least one chance to be the best they can be ….
make it clear from the outset that you will give her / him charge over the UI …. and see what they can do …. ”
I bet even if you do n’t find the best designer , unless they are really twisted , they ’ll do something pretty cool .
As to the icons being gone , yeesh , I have no idea .
I just looked , you ’re right .
But I do n’t have an opinion .
But guess what ?
I do n’t think its a decision that matters .
Is that crazy ?
It seems huge , right ?
Its not .
A big part of being a good designer is understanding what details matter , and what details do n’t ….
most decisions are quite honestly tossups ( on the flip side , some stupid looking details matter like nails , they change the user ’s cognitive stance profoundly , and thus change the model they adopt to interpret / use the program ) .
To pretend otherwise is to perform a breadth - first - search where you spend all your time in rabbit holes and never get anywhere deep .
Well , it might be right , it might be wrong … .
I do n’t think it matters .
I do n’t think it ’ll change any fundamentals of interaction with GNOME .
Some details matter , some do n’t .
Peace out homies .
My son has brought to my attention that our current crop of Python
client libraries is inadequate / confusing .
I took a look myself , and
asked on our IRC channel , and am now convinced this area needs
attention .
First , the sheer number of libraries is confusing .
This is the page
from the Postgres wiki :
http://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/Python
The first one listed , Psycopg , is noted as " preferred libpq - based
driver " , but the license is GPL .
Is n't that a problem for many client
applications ?
The next one , PyGreSQL , is BSD licensed , but only has documentation for
the " classic " interface .
The DB - API module says about documentation :
http://www.pygresql.org/pgdb.html
This section of the documentation still needs to be written .
The other three are pure Python drivers , which I guess can be good , but
why three , and then there are three more listed as " obsolete / stalled " .
Clearly something is wrong here .
The Python - hosted PostgreSQL page has similar problems :
http://wiki.python.org/moin/PostgreSQL
Does Perl have a similar mess ?
While I realize experienced people can easily navigate this confusion , I
am concerned about new Postgres adopters being very confused by this and
it is hurting our database adoption in general .
What is really needed is for someone to take charge of one of these
projects and make a best - of - breed Python driver that can gain general
acceptance as our preferred driver .
I feel Python is too important a
language to be left in this state .
--
Bruce Momjian < bruce ( at ) momjian ( dot ) us >
http://momjian.us
EnterpriseDB http://enterprisedb.com
+ If your life is a hard drive , Christ can be your backup . +
By Ushma Mistry
BBC Asian Network
Jasvinder Sanghera wants statistics on " honour babies " recorded Some single British Asian women are being forced by their families to give up their children as so - called " honour babies " , according to a charity which wants action to uncover the scale of the problem .
Saima was just 17 when she fell pregnant .
But , instead of feeling happy about becoming a parent , she knew her world was about to fall apart .
Although she longed to keep her baby , she was aware her strict Pakistani parents would never allow it because she was not married .
She declined her GP 's option of an abortion and hid her pregnancy from her parents until a few weeks before she was due to give birth .
" As soon as my parents found out I was pregnant they kept me hidden in the house , " she said .
" I was n't allowed out until I gave birth to my son .
They immediately adopted him as their own and a few days later I was sent to Pakistan where my dad had arranged my marriage .
" I was n't allowed to return to the UK until I fell pregnant with my husband 's child .
" My husband and I lived quite close to my parents so I had to watch them bring up my son and pretend he was my brother .
My marriage did n't really work out and I was very unhappy . "
In some cases , after a baby is born , what families will do is fly in an auntie and to the community this is that woman 's child
Jasvinder Sanghera
Karma Nirvana Saima 's name has been changed to protect her identity but the situation is all too real for her and many more young Asian women .
A charity has told BBC Asian Network it fears a growing problem of single women being forced to give up their babies because of " honour " .
" It is a deeply hidden issue but a very relevant one that is kept underground , " says Jasvinder Sanghera , who founded the charity Karma Nirvana to help victims of forced marriages and honour - based crimes .
She said : " The term ' honour baby ' is used because the baby is said to have brought dishonour on that family .
" The cases could be in their hundreds , because we have no idea how many there are . "
Lack of care
Most of the cases involve girls from south Asian backgrounds who have fallen pregnant out of wedlock or by a boyfriend from a different background .
Their parents force them to put their babies up for adoption or hand them over to other family members to prevent shame .
Some of these girls go to great lengths to conceal the pregnancies from their parents because they know they will never be accepted .
Ms Sanghera says her honour network helpline has received a number of calls similar to Saima 's story .
She added : " In these cases , the families take it upon themselves to hide them from the world and refuse them any medical attention so they 're not allowed any maternity care that other pregnant women get .
" I 've seen cases where girls have had to wear tight clothing to hide the fact they are pregnant so nobody in the community finds out .
" In some cases , after a baby is born , what families will do is fly in an auntie from India , Pakistan or Bangladesh , and to the community this is that woman 's child . "
Unrecorded Dr Julie Selwyn is an adoption and fostering expert at the Hadley Centre in Bristol .
She said she first came across " honour babies " when she was carrying out her research into reasons children were put up for adoption .
" The reason children come into care is recorded and usually the main reason is abuse or neglect .
There is no category called family honour , " explained Dr Selwyn .
" In our sample of around 50 Asian children , half of them were there because of that reason . "
Dr Selwyn's sample was taken from areas in London , the Midlands and the north of England .
All of the children went on to be adopted , but she says it is very difficult to know just how many cases actually exist in the UK .
There are now calls for cases of so - called honour babies to be recorded in the same way as forced marriages and domestic violence in a bid to gauge the scale of the problem .
" Once upon a time we had no statistics on forced marriages .
When we started to engage on the issue , speak out about it , develop helplines and raise awareness then people started to report it .
" Now , thankfully , we have statistics on forced marriages - the same needs to happen with ' honour babies ' . "
I'm a Pakistani nurse ( born and bred here ) and day - in day - out I see Asian girls wanting advice on contraception and abortions .
The majority of them are out of wedlock .
I believe that there should be more education on this matter and that would prevent a lot of accidents .
Anonymous I have got a sister - in - law who fell pregnant out of wedlock at the tender age of 14 .
She was dealt with in a manner of the utmost insensitivity one can imagine .
Her child was adopted in secret and never to be seen again .
Harmeet I got pregnant before wedlock .
I was disowned by my famliy and community .
I got married to the father of the child ... after 13 years I have now left him because I had a marriage from hell .
Anonymous I 'm a single mum with a 10 - year - old .
I do get slightly embarrassed when people ask ' what does your husband do ? '
I reply that I 've not been married and I see the awkward look people give as they do n't know how to respond .
Most people fear being judged .
It 's more accepted nowadays and people just do n't care as much as they used to .
Anonymous
You can hear more at 1230 and 1800 GMT on the BBC's Asian Network Reports radio show or via the BBC iPlayer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
El pasado 18 de septiembre de 2019 , se llevó a cabo la reunión de trabajo en presidencia con el Fiscal General de la República y el Titular de la Unidad Especial de Investigación y Litigación del Caso Ayotzinapa
Cumpliendo con uno de los compromisos que el Presidente Andrés Manuel López Obrador , realizó con los padres y madres de los 43 estudiantes desaparecidos de Ayotzinapa .
El 18 de septiembre de 2019 , fungió como testigo de honor en la reunión entre el Fiscal General de la República , el Fiscal Especial del Caso y los integrantes de la Comisión Presidencial para el Caso Ayotzinapa .
En la reunión se acordó que se iniciarán de cero las averiguaciones , no obstante , las líneas de investigación partirán a partir de los trabajos ya realizados por los expertos del GIEI .
También se acordó con el Fiscal General , llevar a cabo una segunda reunión de trabajo en el mes de diciembre , ésta , una vez que las investigaciones se encuentren avanzadas , para poder entregar resultados concretos a los padres y madres de los 43 .
CBS evening news finally , after over two weeks , gets around to covering Climategate .
Most interestingly , they have a short clip of an interview with Kevin Trenberth .
Dr. Trenberth , as many recall said this in one of the CRU emails :
The fact is that we ca n’t account for the lack of warming at the moment and it is a travesty that we can’t .
Look at what Dr. Trenberth adds now :
h /t to WUWT reader LiamIam
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Shattered Haiti hit by second earthquake measuring 6.1
A second powerful earthquake rocked the terrified survivors of Haiti yesterday .
It was unclear last night what effect the new quake - measuring 6.1 on the Richter scale - would have on the relief operation .
The first devastating quake measured 7 .
It was the most significant of 40 aftershocks since the January 12 quake , striking 35 miles north - west of Port - au - Prince , where screaming people ran into the streets and buildings shook .
Mass exodus : People wait for a boat to Jeremie at a Port - au - Prince dock .
The town , in the west of Haiti , is outside the zone worst hit by the earthquake
Overflowing : A Haitian boat crammed with refugees sails past amphibious dock landing ship U.S.S. Carter Hall
One woman died of a heart attack but there were no reports of extra casualties .
A massive international aid effort has been struggling with logistical problems , and many Haitians are still desperate for food and water .
The World Food Programme said more than 250,000 ready - to - eat ration packs had been distributed in Haiti by Tuesday , reaching only a fraction of the three million people thought to be in desperate need .
The WFP said it needs to deliver 100 million ready - to - eat rations in the next 30 days , but it had only 16 million meals in the pipeline .
A major aid agency claimed yesterday that victims had died because the U.S. military refused to allow its plane carrying emergency supplies to land .
Medicins Sans Frontiers said a flight carrying 12 tons of medical supplies had been turned away from the congested Port - au - Prince airport and claimed five patients had died as a result .
A doctor said he had been forced to buy a saw from a market stall to carry out amputations when the plane was carrying a mini hospital and medical supplies .
Attempt at normality : A woman has her hair done in a makeshift refugee camp in Port-au - Prince
Reeking : Haitian people walk next to a canal turned into a rubbish dump
STRONG EARTHQUAKE IN GUATEMALA
A strong earthquake has rocked Guatemala and parts of El Salvador , but no there were no immediate reports of injuries or damage in either country .
The U.S. Geological Survey says the quake had a preliminary magnitude of 6.0 .
The USGS said it hit Monday morning about 60 miles ( 97 kilometers ) southwest of Guatemala City , where it was felt by many residents .
There were reports of shaking in the Guatemalan countryside and in El Salvador as well .
Civil protection officials in the two countries said so far there are no reports of injuries or damage , but authorities are still checking .
The group Partners in Health , co-founded by the deputy UN envoy to Haiti , Dr Paul Farmer , said its medical director estimated 20,000 people are dying each day who could be saved by surgery .
The U.S. , which has taken over the running of the main airport and has fiercely defended its work in the face of massive logistical challenges , has already been accused by a French minister of acting like an ' occupying ' force .
The U.S. Air Force said it had raised the single runway airport 's daily capacity from 30 flights before the quake to 180 .
Lenis Batiste , who is camped out in Port - au - Prince with his two children said the latest quake felt ' really strong ' .
' Each aftershock is frightening .
We feel it right here ( pointing at his stomach ) because after last Tuesday you never know how strong it is going to be , ' he said .
' It kind of felt like standing on a board on top of a ball , ' said US Army Staff Sgt Steven Payne who was preparing to hand out food to refugees in a tent camp of 25,000 when the aftershock hit .
A Disasters Emergency Committee spokesman said yesterday : ' In the middle of an extremely challenging aid operation , where many survivors are already terrified of aftershocks , the news of today 's tremors are of grave concern .
' We are assessing the impact of the aftershock with our field staff to see if there has been further large - scale disruption to survivors and aid operations .
' As the full scale of the tragedy unfolds , there is still an urgent need for more funds and we continue to rely on the generosity of donors . '
International Development Secretary Douglas Alexander told MPs that the British search and rescue team was safe following the tremor .
At question time in the House of Commons , he said : ' Since I 've arrived in the House this morning , there has been a significant aftershock registering 6.1 on the Richter Scale but the word that I have received is that our search and rescue team is safe and are continuing their work . '
Anarchy : Looters continue to run away with goods they have stolen from wrecked buildings in Port-au - Prince
Escape : Thousands have tried to flee Haiti in the wake of the disaster
Haiti has experienced a series of more than 40 aftershocks since last week 's earthquake - of which this is the strongest .
At 6.1 , it is significant enough to be described as a quake .
Official estimates have put the death toll for last week 's disaster at 200,000 , with 250,000 injured and 1.5 million homeless .
A massive international aid effort has been struggling with logistical problems , and many Haitians are still desperate for food and water .
The situation has prompted hundreds to flee the island , cramming on to ramshackle ships to escape the chaos .
Thousands of others are camped out at ports and in bus stations , willing to snatch any means to get out of the quake zone .
Donate at www.dec.org.uk
Python Programming , news on the Voidspace Python Projects and all things techie .
Fun with Unicode , Latin - 1 and a C1 Control Code
Unicode is a rabbit - warren of complexity ; almost fractal in nature , the more you learn about it the more complexity you discover .
Anyway , all that aside you can have great fun ( i.e. pain ) with fairly basic situations even if you are trying to do the right thing .
This particular problem was encountered by Stephan Mitt , one of my colleagues at Comsulting .
I helped him find the solution , and with a bit of digging ( and some help from # python - dev ) worked out why it was happening .
We receive data from customers as CSV files that need importing into a web application .
The CSV files are received in latin - 1 encoding and we decode and then iterate over them to process a line at a time .
Unfortunately the data from the customers included some \x85 characters , which were breaking the CSV parsing .
One of the problems with the latin - 1 encoding is that it uses all 256 bytes , so it is never possible to detect badly encoded data .
Arbitrary binary data will always successfully decode :
>>> data = '' . join ( chr ( x ) for x in range ( 256 ) ) >>> data .
decode ( ' latin - 1 ' ) u'\x00\x01\x02\x03\x04\x05\x06\x07\x08\t
\ x0b\x0c\r\x0e\x0f ...'
If you iterate over a standard file object in Python 2 ( i.e. one that reads data as bytestrings ) then you iterate over it a line at a time .
This splits lines on carriage returns ( \x0D ) and line feeds ( \x0A ) .
If you 're on Windows then the sequence \x0D\x0A ( CRLF ) signifies a new line .
If you 're trying to do - the - right - thing , and decode your data to Unicode before treating it as text , then you might use code a bit like the following to read it :
import codecs handle = codecs .
open ( filename , ' r ' , encoding = ' latin - 1 ' ) for line in handle : ...
This was the cause of our problem .
When decoding using latin - 1 \x85 is transcoded to u'\x85 ' , which Unicode treats as a line break .
So if your source data has \x85 embedded in it , and you are splitting on lines , where the lines break will be different depending on if you are using byte - strings or Unicode strings :
>>> d = ' foo \x85 bar ' >>> d . split ( ) [ ' foo\x85 bar ' ] >>> u = d . decode ( ' latin - 1 ' ) >>> u u' foo\ x85 bar ' >>> u . split ( ) [ u ' foo ' , ' bar ' ]
This could still be a pitfall in Python 3 , where all strings are Unicode , particularly if you are porting an application from Python 2 to Python 3 .
Suddenly your data will behave differently when you treat it as Unicode .
The answer is to do the split manually , specifying which character to use as a line break .
The problem is n't restricted to \x85 .
The Unicode spec on newlines shows us why .
\x85 is referred to by the acronym NEL , which is a C1 Control Code : NEL Next Line Equivalent to CR+LF .
Used to mark end - of - line on some IBM mainframes .
In fact NEL belongs to a general class of characters known as Paragraph Separators ( Category B ) .
This category includes the characters \x1C , \x1D , \x1E , \x0D , \x0A and \x85 .
Splitting on lines will split on any of these characters , which may not be what you expect .
It certainly was n't what we expected .
For us the solution was simple ; we just strip out any occurence of \x85 in the binary data before decoding .
Note Marius Gedminas suggests that the data is probably encoded as Windows 1252 rather than Latin - 1 .
He is probably right .
There are some interesting notes on Unicode line breaks in this Python bug report :
What is an ASCII linebreak ?.
Current State of Unladen Swallow ( Towards a Faster Python )
I 'm helping to organise the Python Language Summit that precedes the PyCon Conference this year .
One of the first topics we 'll be discussing is " Python 3 adoption and tools and the Python language moratorium " which will include representatives of the major Python implementations telling us the current state of their implementation and their plans or progress for supporting Python 3 .
I was fortunate today to exchange emails with Collin Winter , one of the core developers of Unladen Swallow on this topic .
He gave me a sneak preview of what he will have to say at the summit .
By way of introduction , Unladen Swallow is a project sponsored by Google to speedup Python .
In particular it uses the LLVM ( Low Level Virtual Machine ) to provide a JIT ( Just in Time compiler ) .
Google use Python a great deal and so have a direct commercial interest in making it faster .
Shortly after the first release Unladen Swallow was put to work serving YouTube traffic .
The Unladen Swallow team see the project as a branch of CPython ( the standard and reference implementation of the Python programming language ) and their goal is to merge their changes back into Python once it is complete .
Here is what Collin had to say :
Brief summary : Unladen Swallow is currently focused on the process of merging into CPython 's 3.x line ( PEPs , patches , etc ) .
We 've been focused on pushing all our necessary changes into upstream LLVM in time for LLVM 's 2.7 release , so that CPython 3.x can be based on that release .
We 've met our goals of maintaining pure - Python and C extension compatibility while speeding up CPython , and have created a platform for future development that we believe can continue to yield increasing performance for years to come .
As for py3 k support , Unladen Swallow is currently based on CPython 2.6.1 .
We will seek to merge our changes into Python 's 3.x line exclusively ( without backporting to 2.x ) , updating our patches as necessary to correct for the 2.x ->3.y skew .
Once merger is completed , Unladen Swallow will cease to exist as an independent project .
( Emphasis added by me . )
I also asked Collin about whether the merge back into Python woould be difficult , in particular because LLVM has n't been well tested on Windows in the past and the LLVM is also written in C++ whereas the rest of CPython is all C .
This potentially has ABI compatibility issues :
Unladen currently builds and passes its tests on Windows ( or did the last time I checked ) , so I do n't think that will be an issue .
The addition of C++ to the codebase will be more contentious , but the C++ stuff is restricted to the JIT - facing internals ; the rest of the implementation is still straight C . We hope that will mitigate any concerns .
" Impact on CPython Development " is a fairly lengthy section of the merger PEP I 'm writing .
So , it looks like Unladen Swallow already offers a speedup that the team are happy with .
I know there have been some interesting improvements recently , like this one that inlines certain binary operations .
Additionally the merge with CPython is going to happen ' soon ' ( i.e. a PEP is being written ) and it is likely to happen on the Python 3 branch .
Perhaps that will give the Python community an incentive to make the jump ...
NOTE : Jesse Noller also has a blog entry on this topic : Unladen Swallow : Python 3's Best Feature .
New Year 's Python Meme
This is the blog entry I had nearly finished when I started messing around with Mock on Saturday .
Started by Tarek Ziade , five short questions on you and Python in 2009 ( or in this case me and Python ) ...
What 's the coolest Python application , framework or library you have discovered in 2009 ?
One of the biggest things that happened in my life in 2009 was leaving Resolver Systems to become a freelance developer working for a German firm Comsulting .
de .
I 'm still working with IronPython , but now developing web applications with Django on the server and using IronPython in Silverlight on the client .
It 's great fun and although I 'd used both Silverlight and Django a bit previously I 'm now using working with them full time .
What new programming technique did you learn in 2009 ?
At Resolver Systems we all took responsibility for architectural decisions .
It was a great team to be part of and a great way to work .
In my current project I 've largely been responsible for building the application myself , although my colleague who is an excellent designer has recently been able to join me in the coding .
That means I 've made the architectural decisions for the application .
This has stretched me and structuring large applications is something I want to explore more .
What 's the name of the open source project you contributed the most in 2009 ?
What did you do ?
Well , in 2009 I became a Python core - developer and the maintainer of unittest .
The work I 've done on unittest is definitely the most valuable contribution to open - source in 2009 .
That reminds me , there are a bunch of open tickets with my name on that I really ought to be looking at instead of doing this ...
Other than that I worked on a bunch of little projects of my own .
Try Python
This is probably the project I 'm most proud of : a Python interpreter and tutorial that runs in the browser with Silverlight .
As Silverlight comes from Microsoft , and last I heard was installed on around 30 % of the world 's browsers , Try Python is n't a runaway success but I think it is very cool .
Moonlight is now out , so in theory the site could work on Linux machines - but there is an issue with the version of IronPython I use .
Hopefully I 'll get around to updating the site soon and will also add an IronPython tutorial to the Python tutorial .
ConfigObj A Python configuration file reader and writer that is easy to use but with about a gazillion extra features not found in ConfigParser .
This is the most widely used code I 've ever released , but I do n't use it much myself these days .
Thankfully it takes little maintaining , however I have done a bunch of work on version 4.7 which is just waiting for me to pull my finger out and release .
Mock A simple mocking library for testing Python code , that makes a great companion to unittest .
In my day job I 'm now focusing on integration testing and not doing much unit testing , so I do n't use Mock as much as I used to and it has n't got the attention it deserves .
It was nice to finally add support for magic methods so that you can mock numeric types , containers and so on .
I also wrote a lot of articles on IronPython and supporting example code to go with them .
What was the Python blog or website you read the most in 2009 ?
Like many of the other folk who answered these questions , I tend to keep in touch with Python news through Planet Python ( in fact this year I sort of became responsible for some of the administration of the Planet when I joined the Python webmaster team ) .
I enjoy a lot of the bloggers on the Planet and find it invaluable for keeping up to date with the Python world .
There really are a lot of great bloggers contributing to the Planet so I 'm only going to call out one : Jacob Kaplan - Moss .
A great blogger , both fun and on the ball technically .
Of course like the rest of us he needs to pull his finger out and blog more often .
In fact in 2009 I went old school and ( re ) discovered the joys of IRC .
I 'm often on # python - dev and various other Python related channels .
Twitter is also still growing and I 've had a lot of fun and learned a lot from the many tech folk I follow there .
What are the three top things you want to learn in 2010 ?
I 'd like to learn more about web programming , in particular I want to get deeper into Django ( and perhaps Pinax ) and properly learn Javascript .
There are lots of programming languages I 'd like to learn ( C so I can contribute to CPython and just because it is everywhere , Haskell so I can get functional enlightenment , maybe F # so I can achieve the same thing but in a language that might actually be useful , Erlang because all the cool kids are doing it and it seems to have the most practical approach to concurrency of the ' modern ' languages , Lisp to see what all the fuss is about and probably a load more languages ) .
In reality I 'll only learn a programming language that I actually need to use , so I think Javascript is the programming language I 'm most likely to have the opportunity to really dive into .
Although I 've tinkered with Javascript ( who has n't ) I have n't fully appreciated what it means to idiomatically program with a prototype based language so it is definitely of value .
There are a huge number of libraries and frameworks I 'd love to learn , including Twisted , multiprocessing and other web frameworks .
I 'd also like to do mobile application development either for the iPhone or Android .
That would give me a reason to use another language , but I have to say that Objective - C is more appealing than Java .
I doubt I 'll find time to do any of this in ' hobby - time ' , so hopefully they 'll come up in a work context .
Python Surprises
In the last few days I 've run into several things I did n't know about Python .
Not necessarily bad or wrong , just new to me .
>>> object .
__new__ ( int )
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module > TypeError : object.__new__(int ) is not safe , use int.__new__ ( )
The same happens for pretty much all the built - in types .
I do n't think you can achieve this effect from pure - Python code , which is why it is impossible ( I think ) to write a real singleton in pure - Python .
From any singleton instance you can always do this :
object .
__new__ ( type ( the_singleton ) )
Anyway , next surprise :
>>> class Meta ( type ) : ... __slots__ = [ ' foo ' ] ... Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module >
TypeError :
Error when calling the metaclass bases nonempty __slots__ not supported for subtype of ' type '
This was annoying at the time , but caused me to find a better way to achieve what I wanted anyway .
These first two show that despite the ' grand - merger ' of Python 2.2 you can't treat the built - in types exactly as if they were user - defined classes .
The next one I actually ran into a while back :
>>> @ EventHandler [ HtmlEventArgs ]
File " < stdin > " , line 1 @EventHandler [ HtmlArgs ] ^ SyntaxError : invalid syntax
This one is annoying .
In IronPython EventHandler [ HtmlEventArgs ] would return a typed event handler for wrapping a function with .
Decorator syntax would be very convenient but the only valid syntax is a name followed by optional parentheses and arguments - not any arbitrary expression .
The relevant part of the grammar is :
decorator ::= " @ " dotted_name [ " ( " [ argument_list [ " , " ] ] " ) " ]
NEWLINE
This grammar not only prevents indexing but means you can't ( for example ) define lambda decorators .
All it would take is a grammar change and these could work , no actual code would need to be written in support .
The reason that Guido did n't allow it is that he did n't want people writing code like :
@ ( F ( ( foo + bar / 3 ) ) / [ x ** 2 for x in frobulator ] ) def function ( ) : ...
Guido did agree that the rules could be relaxed ( here is the python - ideas thread where it was discussed ) , but then the language moratorium came into effect .
The final surprise was that default object equality comparison is implemented inside the Python runtime instead of there being a default implementation in object .
In fact object ( ) instances do n't even have the equality / inequality methods ( __eq__ / __ne__ ) .
>>> object ( ) . __eq__ ( object ( ) )
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module >
AttributeError : ' object ' object has no attribute ' __eq__ '
However , if you look up __eq__ on the type , as you might if you were trying to delegate up to the default implementation that does n't exist , then something weird happens :
>>> object .
__eq__ ( object ( ) , object ( ) )
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module >
TypeError : expected 1 arguments , got 2 >>> object .
__eq__ < method - wrapper ' __eq__ ' of type object at 0x141fc0 >
When you look up __eq__ on object ( the type rather than an instance ) then you get the __eq__ method of its metaclass ( type ) bound to object which is an instance of type .
As this is a bound method it only takes one argument and calling it with two arguments causes a TypeError .
In fact there is nothing special about __eq__ here , I just did n't realise that member resolution on types would check the metaclass after checking the base classes :
>>> class Meta ( type ) : ... X = 3 ... >>> class Something ( object ) : ... __metaclass__ = Meta ... >>>
Something .
X # from the metaclass 3 >>>
Something .
X = 4 # set on the type >>>
Meta . X 3 >>> class SomethingElse ( Something ) : pass ... >>>
SomethingElse .
X # fetched from base class not the metaclass 4
Mocking Magic Methods and Preserving Function Signatures Whilst Mocking
So , I 'm most of the way through one blog entry , my tax return is due , I have a PyCon talk to write and I have a release of ConfigObj just waiting for me to finish updating the docs .
Naturally then I should mess around implementing new features for Mock .
These particular features were inspired by an email from Mock user Juho Vepsalainen who had a particular problem with Mock .
In case you are n't familiar with it , Mock is a simple mocking library for unit testing .
Mock makes creating mock objects , and patching out implementations with mocks at runtime , trivially easy .
I 've spent a chunk of time today implementing a module that extends Mock to add new features .
Eventually they will become part of Mock itself , but that would require a new release and tedious things like writing documentation :
Note I 've already improved the code in extendmock and merged it into the main mock module .
No need for a special MagicMock class any more .
You can use mock .py from subversion or wait for the release of version 0.7 .
To implement a lot of functionality ( mocking any class and recording how they are used ) , mocks are instances of the Mock class .
This can be a problem for code that uses introspection to determine if something is a function or not , or introspects the function signature .
If you mock a function or method it will be replaced with a callable object with the signature ( * args , ** kwargs ) .
This also means that code which is called incorrectly wo n't raise an error , you will only catch this in your tests if you specifically check how the object is called ( which you usually will because that 's the point of mocking it out - but still ) .
A solution to all these problems is the mocksignature function .
This takes a function ( or method ) and a mock object .
It creates a wrapper function with the same signature as the function you pass in .
When called this wrapper function calls the mock , so instead of directly patching a mock to replace a function or method you use the function returned by mocksignature .
Code that introspects the function you are patching out will still work .
Here 's an example :
from mock import Mock , patch from extendmock import mocksignature from some_module import some_function mock = Mock ( ) mock_function = mocksignature ( some_function , mock ) @patch ( ' some_module.some_function ' , mock_function ) def test ( ) : from some_module import some_function some_function ( ' foo ' , ' bar ' , ' baz ' ) test ( ) mock .
assert_called_with ( ' foo ' , ' bar ' , ' baz ' )
To make it more convenient to use I will build support for mocksignature into the patch decorator .
You can also use mocksignature on instance methods :
from mock import Mock from extendmock import mocksignature class Something ( object ) : def method ( self , a , b ) : pass s = Something ( ) mock = Mock ( ) mock_method = mocksignature ( s . method , mock ) s . method = mock_method s . method ( 3 , 4 ) mock .
assert_called_with ( 3 , 4 )
A limitation of mocksignature is that all arguments are passed to the underlying mock by position .
If there are default values they will be explicitly passed in .
Keyword arguments are only collected if the function uses ** kwargs .
See the tests for more details .
The important fact is that the function signature is unchanged :
import inspect from extendmock import mocksignature from mock import Mock def f ( a , b , c = ' foo ' , ** kwargs ) : pass mock = Mock ( ) new_function = mocksignature ( f , mock ) assert inspect .
getargspec ( f ) == inspect .
getargs ( new_function )
The limitation on keyword arguments sounds confusing ( certainly the way I expressed it above ) , so it 's easier to demonstrate in practise with the call_args attribute :
>>> from mock import Mock >>> from extendmock import mocksignature >>> >>> mock = Mock ( ) >>> >>> def f ( a = None ) : pass ... >>>
f2 = mocksignature ( f , mock ) >>> f2 ( ) < mock .
Mock object at 0x441d70 > >>> mock .
call_args ( ( None , ) , {} ) >>> mock .
assert_called_with ( None ) >>>
Even though we passed no arguments in , the argument with the default value ( a ) is called as if None was passed in explicitly .
This affects the way you use assert_called _with when using Mock and mocksignature in concert .
You can still use mocksignature with functions that collect args with * args and ** kwargs :
>>> from extendmock import mocksignature >>> from mock import Mock >>> >>> def f ( * args , ** kw ) : pass ... >>> mock = Mock ( ) >>> mock .
return_value = 3 >>> f2 = mocksignature ( f , mock ) >>>
f2 ( 1 , ' a ' , None , foo = ' fish ' , bar = 1.0 ) 3 >>> mock .
call_args ( ( 1 , 'a ' , None ) , {' foo ' : ' fish ' , ' bar ' : 1.0} ) >>>
Another problem with Mock is that it currently does n't support mocking out the Python protocol methods ( like __len__ , __getitem__ and so on ) .
extendmock contains a new class that adds magic suport to Mock : MagicMock .
Here 's an example of how you use it :
from extendmock import MagicMock mock = MagicMock ( ) _dict = {} def getitem ( self , name ) : return _dict [ name ] def setitem ( self , name , value ) : _dict [ name ] = value def delitem ( self , name ) : del _dict [ name ] mock .
__setitem__ = setitem mock .
__getitem__ = getitem mock .
__delitem__ = delitem self .
assertRaises ( KeyError , lambda : mock [ ' foo ' ] ) mock [ ' foo ' ] = ' bar ' self .
assertEquals ( _dict , { ' foo ' : ' bar ' } ) self .
assertEquals ( mock [ ' foo ' ] , ' bar ' ) del mock [ ' foo ' ] self .
assertEquals ( _dict , {} )
You mock magic methods by assigning a function ( or a mock object ) to the mock instance .
Magic methods are looked up on the object class by the Python interpreter .
MagicMock has all the magic methods implemented in a way that checks for corresponding instance variables , with sensible behaviour if the instance variable does n't exist .
However , the presence of these magic methods on the class could break some duck - typing ( if it checks for the presence or absence of these methods ) , so I would rather have MagicMock be a separate class instead of integrating this into the Mock class .
On the other hand there is no reason why I can't move MagicMock into the mock module next time I do a release .
For all magic methods you mock in this way you have to include self in the function signature .
I might change this at a future date , so be warned this an experimental implementation .
Also note that calls to mocked magic methods are n't recorded in method_calls and do n't use object wrapping - all things that may change in the future .
One reason that some users have been requesting magic method support is for mocking context managers .
Unfortunately __enter__ and __exit__ are looked up differently from the other magic methods in Python 2.5 and 2.6 ( they are n't looked up on the class first but on the instance first like normal members ) .
This makes the following technique still the correct way to mock the with statement .
Note
This is no longer true in the magic method support now in trunk .
You mock __enter__ and __exit__ in exactly the same way as you do other magic methods .
You can also mock magic methods by assigning a Mock instance to the method you are mocking .
For example : >>> from mock import Mock >>> mock = Mock ( ) >>> mock .
__getitem__ = Mock ( ) >>> mock .
__getitem__ .
return_value = ' bar ' >>> mock [ ' foo ' ] ' bar ' >>> mock .
__getitem__ . assert_called_with ( ' foo ' )
Mocking the with statement : mock = Mock ( ) mock .
__enter__ = Mock ( ) mock .
__exit__ = Mock ( ) mock .
__exit__ .
return_value =
False with mock as m : self .
assertEqual ( m , mock .
__enter__ .
return_value ) mock .
__enter__ . assert_called_with ( ) mock .
__exit__ .
assert_called_with ( None , None , None )
Archives
If you boil water without releasing any steam everything looks perfectly calm ... until the entire pot explodes .
That 's the huge risk with Japan 's gargantuan debt load right now .
Frequently billed as a highly stable country , Japan 's dark secret is that it should have exploded into a hyper - inflationary death spiral years ago .
Worse yet , it could easily take the U.S. financial system and U.S. dollar down with it .
That 's because the U.S. depends on Japan to fund its own debt binge .
We 're not alone here .
These concerns have been heavily informed by the research of Societe Generale .
Japanese hyperinflation would be disastrous exactly because it goes against what most investors have been taught to expect .
Another set of night hours spent hacking on making the GTK API wrap Qt. I focused on adding functionality and not on cleaning up , so no code this time either .
I just want to show the progress .
Wrapping
Qt in GTK might seem like an impossible task , but the fact is that both toolkits , in turn , wrap the same APIs themselves .
So , how does the progress look this far ?
Upgraded Hello World ( link )
The first example , upgraded hello world , works like a charm and does what is expected .
There is only one change that has to be made to the example , and the need for it will go away when I 've started cleaning the code .
Changes made to the example :
Replaced the gtk / gtk.h headerfile with my substitute .
Table Packing Example ( link )
The next example , table packing , simply demonstrates the grid layout abilities of GTK .
There seems to be a couple of pixels between the rows for some reason ( I will investigate at a later point ) , but apart from that , everything works .
The changes made are the same as for the first example .
The next example , table packing , simply demonstrates the grid layout abilities of GTK .
There seems to be a couple of pixels between the rows for some reason ( I will investigate at a later point ) , but apart from that , everything works .
The changes made are the same as for the first example .
Changes made to the example : Replaced the gtk / gtk.h header with my substitute .
Manual Menu Example ( link )
Robin mentioned that one of the major hurdles when mapping the APIs is that GTK uses a widget based structure for menus , while Qt uses QActions for menu items .
To have a swing at this , I decided to attack the manual menu example next .
It took some changes to the main approach of the wrapping effort , but now I think I have it sorted out .
Changes made to the example : Replaces the gtk / gtk.h header file with my substitute .
The popup is always shown at ( 100 , 100 ) as the GdkEvent structure cannot be cast to a GdkEventButton structure .
Manual Menu Example
Robin Burchell ( w00t ) has attempted something similar in the gqt project ( gitorious link ) .
We will discuss how we can join forces ASAP ( I 've been sort of unavailable this weekend ) .
The gqt project has clean code - look great .
It employs a different approach than I when it comes to mapping signals / slots / events and for handling the construction of menus .
Another benefit of doing the manual menu example was that I had to have a better look at the events mechanism .
As it seems , the " event " signal hooks into all events ( like a Qt event filter ) .
This means that there has to be a general event filter , as well as specific event filters ( for when connecting to a specific event such as " delete_event " ) .
This kind of breaks my idea of splitting out the code for creating a specific GdkEvent for each type of event in a separate class , so I need to think a bit about that ( should n't really be a major issue - I just do n't want code duplication ) .
Back to the menu widget versus action approach .
As it seems , the QAction and QWidget classes ' common base is the QObject class .
Thus all pointers to GtkWidget , GtkWindow , etc. needs to be pointers to QObject .
That way , the menu object can be made to match quite nicely .
The downside is that the code already contained quite a lot of casts .
Now it has even more .
For instance , a trivial function such as gtk_container_set_border_width needs casting :
void gtk_container_set_border_width( QObject * o_w , int spacing )
{
QT_WIDGET_ASSERT(w )
w ->setContentsMargins( spacing , spacing , spacing , spacing ) ;
}
The QT_WIDGET_ASSERT macro creates a QWidget pointer named w , by casting o_w using qobject_cast and then asserts that the pointer is n't null .
I 'm not sure of the performance penalty of this , but I guess there is one .
However , to compensate , all of GTK's GTK_WINDOW , GTK_BOX , etc. are instead defined as simple pass - through macros .
This means that performance wise it is a race between GTK_CHECK_CAST and qobject_cast .
I did consider putting the qobject_cast calls in the GTK_xxx macros , but that would not work .
For instance , gtk_menu_shell_append can place a QAction in either a QMenu , or in a QMenuBar .
As the function is given a QObject pointer , it can now determine ( by casting ) if the container is a QMenu or QMenuBar and act accordingly .
So , where to next ?
I belive in fixing the known bugs before continuing .
Especially when working on a project such as this , which I suspect will backfire anytime soon ( it has been too easy this far ) .
This means that the next step is to do something about the GdkEvent structures to get the popup of the manual menu example to work properly ( now it appears at a static location ) .
After that ?
Cleaning and merging with gqt ...
'' Then a couple of years later he wrote an article for school in which he described wanting to be a soldier in the army or a chef in restaurant .
' It 's incredible to think that now he 's combined them and is doing the job he loves .
" There was some lapse in security and the individual in question was , on the initiative of one security guard , taken into the UN . "
NEW YORK —
The Nintendo Wii is the last of the three current videogame consoles to get instant viewing of Netflix movies and TV shows over the Internet .
Wii owners who have a broadband connection and a Netflix subscription that costs at least $ 8.99 a month will be able to watch those programs with no extra charge .
Nintendo Co. and Netflix ...
Some more great news coming from the Q & A section of today ’s Press Gathering for the Nexus One pertains to Application Developers and Application Storage .
Currently , most Android devices only have 256MB of app storage – unless you have a rooted device and an application that allows you to run stuff from your SD card ( AppsToSD ) .
This limitation was stressed in the Q & A and truthfully , it has been a big complaint and sticking point for detractors .
Fortunately the folks at Google are addressing this problem and it sounds like a fix for installing applications to the SD card which will be included in the core OS in the near future .
Q : Why 512MB for app storage only ?
A : They store apps in the internal ROM and not on the SD card now , for piracy reasons , but they will offer an upgrade soon for installing apps on the SD card .
[ via Gizmodo ]
Applications saved to the SD card memory will be encrypted so that it will be incredibly difficult to pirate any applications .
Gotta protect those devs !
We say “ incredibly difficult ” because when it comes to the l33t h4xors out there we do n’t want to suggest anything is impossible .
This upgrade will knock off one major complaint developers have in regards to Android application development in comparison to the iPhone ’s application storage .
Watch out world because after this upgrade , the ANDROID MARKET IS TAKING OVER !!!
Today we release the first public version of FBReader SDK for iOS .
The developer library that helps to build an ebook reader is now available for both Android and iOS .
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date ; however , some of our partner offers may have expired .
Please review our list of best credit cards , or use our CardMatch ™ tool to find cards matched to your needs .
One in 10 Americans has given up on or lost the use of credit cards in the past eight months , according to a new CreditCards.com poll .
It ’s dramatic evidence that huge numbers of consumers are voluntarily giving up cards to lighten debt loads , while others have had their cards yanked involuntarily as card issuers watch the recession roll on and new restrictions approach .
Some 29 percent of poll respondents reported that they do not have a credit card , according to the scientific poll , conducted Feb. 5 - 7 , 2010 , for CreditCards.com .
That was a sharp increase — more than 10 percentage points — from the number of respondents who reported having no credit cards in June 2009 ( 19 percent ) .
GIVING UP ON CREDIT CARDS In June 2009 and Feb. 5 - 7 , 2010 , CreditCards.com asked a representative sample of Americans what unilateral action their issuer had taken in the past 12 months .
Card issuers have continued to take negative actions and trimmed back on positive ones .
In addition , the number of people reporting they had no credit card had jumped sharply , from 19 percent to 29 percent .
The poll also shows card issuers have continued to raise interest rates , slash credit limits and impose other changes on millions of account holders in advance of extensive new restrictions that take effect Feb. 22 as part of the Credit Card Accountability , Responsibility and Disclosure Act ( the Credit CARD Act ) .
“ When the banks realized that they may be losing revenue due to the CARD Act , they began getting their own ‘ act ’ together to make changes in advance , ” said Gail Cunningham , spokeswoman for the National Foundation for Credit Counseling , a group of nonprofit credit counselors .
“ They raised APRs [ annual percentage rates ] , lowered credit lines , added fees and totally closed some accounts , ” she said .
“ Their customers got mad and decided to walk with their pocketbooks and cut back on using credit cards . ”
Newly frugal
Other factors behind the swift decline in credit card users : Many Americans are becoming more frugal — buying less , paying with cash or debit cards , and trimming their debt loads .
In 2009 , Americans have shed $ 91 billion from their total credit card debts , according to Federal Reserve data .
“ The first piece of advice we give people in financial distress is to stop charging and that appears to be exactly what they did , ” Cunningham said .
“ Even those who were still employed realized they could be next , so they also began cutting back on spending . ”
Furthermore , many credit card issuers are thinning their customer lists and tightening credit card lending standards .
“ Many people had their accounts closed by the issuer , some closed the accounts themselves because they were mad at the issuer and others kept the cards but are choosing to not use them , ” Cunningham said .
‘ Changing regulatory environment ’
Peter Garuccio , spokesman for the American Bankers Association trade group , said the banking industry has been responding to losses caused by a rising number of consumer defaults on their credit card debts and to “ the changing regulatory environment . ”
“ The Credit CARD Act is the most sweeping reform of the industry since the invention of credit cards , ” Garuccio said .
“ It essentially limits the ability of card issuers to adjust prices to reflect changes in customer risk and changes in the broader economy — taking what used to be short - term revolving credit and turning it into medium - term revolving credit .
“ When the new rules take effect later this month , card issuers will no longer be able to change interest rates on cards for the first 12 months of a card relationship and will be prohibited from changing rates at all on existing balances , ” he said .
“ Thus , card issuers ’ ability to use risk - based pricing has been severely curtailed . ”
The poll question
The CreditCards.com survey asked the same question the same way in June 2009 and February 2010 .
It asked consumers : “ Have credit card companies done any of the following with any of your credit cards in the past 12 months ? ”
The choices were :
Your credit card limit was increased .
Your interest rate ( APR ) was increased .
Your credit card limit was decreased .
Your card was switched to a variable rate .
You were offered an incentive to close your card account .
You were asked to submit a pay stub or tax return in order to qualify for a credit card .
The first item tends to be seen by consumers as positive :
An increase in the limit makes more credit available to the consumer and tends to increase the consumer ’s credit score .
The other five events tend to affect the consumer negatively because they make credit tougher to get or more expensive .
Most common change : a rate increase
When you look at all changes , the pace of change picked up between June 2009 and February 2010 .
In June , 42 percent of all credit cardholders said they had been notified of one or more unilateral changes to their credit card agreements during the past 12 months .
Most recently , 48 percent said that such notifications had arrived in the previous 12 months .
One change in particular showed up more often in the February survey : 38 percent of cardholders reported their card issuer increased their interest rate ( APR ) in the past year .
Last June , 30 percent of cardholders reported such an increase .
The conversion of accounts from fixed interest rates to variable interest rates , was reported by 13 percent of cardholders .
Consumer advocates say it is in the banks ’ interest to convert customers to variable rates because the new law prohibits hiking of interest rates on existing balances except if the card carried a variable rate or a promotional rate or if the cardholder falls 60 days behind in payments .
Garuccio , the bank industry spokesman , noted that most cards already carry variable rates and such rates are tied to an index “ that is completely out of the control of the card issuer . ”
On the bright side — sort of — 30 percent of credit card users said in the current survey that their credit limits had been increased .
That gives those customers more leeway , but it also allows them to amplify their debt loads .
Such generosity became rarer , though :
In the June 2009 poll , 33 percent reported getting a credit limit boost .
Experts unanimously said that the upcoming federal credit card reforms will help virtually everyone who still carries a credit card and consumers should become familiar with those provisions .
A survey released Feb. 9 by the Consumer Federation of America and the Credit Union National Association showed that most Americans do not have a clear and accurate understanding of the new law .
No wonder :
They ’ve been inundated by changes , said Bill Hampel , CUNA chief economist .
“ Given the significant volume of mailings consumers have received from credit card companies and the number of of pages that are in those mailings , actually knowing what changes are involved is no trivial feat . ”
Noting the drop in credit card use and the reduction in consumer debt loads , many experts are wondering what the future will hold .
Does this bode a permanent change in American attitudes toward debt ?
Or is the new frugality just a fleeting phenomenon ?
“ This begs the question of how long will the consumer stay fearful mad at the banks ? ” Cunningham said .
“ If the economy turns around , will they begin charging again ?
Or will the newfound frugality of only spending what you can pay for become their lifestyle ?
“ What will this do to our overall economy ?
If you believe that the consumer is the engine that drives our economy and the consumer is not spending , where will our economy get its much - needed jump start ? ”
Poll methodology
The 2010 survey was conducted from Feb. 5 - 7 , 2010 , by GfK Roper Public Affairs & Media on behalf of CreditCards.com .
Random digit dialing phone interviews were completed with 1,004 adults 18 years old or older .
The 2009 survey was conducted from June 26 - 28 , 2009 among 1,004 adults 18 years of age or over .
The raw data were then weighted by a custom designed computer program that automatically developed a weighting factor for each respondent , employing five variables : age , sex , education , race and geographic region .
The survey had a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points on the full sample , and a plus or minus 3.5 points on the subsample of credit cardholders .
See related : A guide to the Credit CARD Act , Card issuers maintain tightened credit card lending standards ,
Is the new frugality just a fleeting phenomenon ?
Card issuers offer incentives if you ’ll just go away
AP
The Romeikes , free at last
UNLIKE many of the “ huddled masses yearning to breathe free ” that have sought refuge in America , the Romeike family comes from a comfortable place : Bissingen an der Teck , a town in south - western Germany .
Yet on January 26th an American immigration judge granted the Romeikes — a piano teacher , his wife and five children — political asylum , accepting their case that difficulties with home schooling their children created a reasonable fear of persecution .
Under Germany 's stringent rules , home schooling is allowed only in exceptional circumstances .
Before emigrating , Mr and Mrs Romeike had been fined some € 12,000 ( $ 17,000 ) ; policemen had arrived at their house and forcibly taken their children to school .
The Romeikes feared that the youngsters might soon be removed by the state .
In September 2006 the European Court of Human Rights ruled that Germany was within its rights to follow this approach .
Schools represented society , it judged , and it was in the children 's interest to become part of that society .
The parents ' right to raise their offspring did not go as far as depriving their children of the social experience of school .
Despite its illegality , home schooling in Germany is becoming more popular .
Thomas Spiegler , a sociologist at Friedensau Adventist University , a Protestant theological college , reckons that 600 to 1,000 children are being taught at home .
He wants Germany to rethink its approach and look at the regulated home - schooling regimes elsewhere in Europe .
In Sweden , for example , parents must apply annually for permission to teach their children at home .
Two years ago the authorities revoked that permission for Lisa Angerstig , an MBA - holding mother - of - four .
They have threatened her with a fine of SKr10,000 ( about $ 1,400 ) .
Now new legislation is pending that would make home schooling even harder .
Dominic Johansson , a seven - year - old , has been in state foster care since June 2009 — in order to stop his parents home schooling him , campaigners say ( officials cite other issues too ) .
In Britain home schooling has become more popular , but worries about the risk of abuse have prompted calls for mandatory inspections and tougher rules , including the right for officials to enter a home and quiz a home - schooled child in the parents ' absence .
The Romeikes ' lawyer is Mike Donnelly , director of international relations for the Home School Legal Defence Association , a group based in Virginia .
He cites research showing that home - schooled children tend to excel both academically and socially in later life .
But that will not convince people who believe it is the state 's duty to ensure that children mix with others , and learn what everyone else learns about thorny topics such as evolution and sex .
The Palestinian Authority expressed their outrage on Wednesday at Israel 's Channel 10 report of a video found depicting one of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas ' senior advisors in compromising positions with a woman candidate applying to work in his office .
According to a PA official , the report was merely an Israeli smear campaign meant to embarrass Abbas .
The report also aired claims made by former General Intelligence chief Fahmi Shabana that officials close to Abbas and his predecessor Yasser Arafat were entangled in corruption scandals amounting to millions of shekels stolen from public coffers .
Shabana , who was in charge of the PA 's anti-corruption campaign , claimed in interviews with the media that he placed before Abbas evidence of widespread economic corruption around him , but that the president declined doing anything about it .
According to him , senior Fatah officials during Arafat 's rule stole millions of shekels from PA coffers , a large amount of which originated from Arab states , Europe , and the US as donations .
The Fatah officials allegedly requested inflated sums for purchasing land , which was valued far lower than the numbers they presented , and the proceeded to pocket the difference .
Shabana hinted that even Abbas ' family members were involved in the corruption , but has yet to prove so .
' Tarnishing Abbas ' credibility '
Shabana also revealed an embarrassing video from 2008 depicting the head of Abbas ' office , Rafik al - Husseini , rubbing his body against his secretary and apparently trying to convince a woman seeking employment in the office to have sexual relations with him .
Shabana was suspended from his position .
When Abbas sought to reinstate him , he was arrested by Israel for holding membership in a foreign security body in light of the fact that he is a resident of east Jerusalem and holds an Israeli identity card .
Shabana claims , however , that he was arrested at the behest of the Palestinian Authority .
A high - ranking PA official said Wednesday to Ynet that the video revealed by Shabana is a personal issue known for quite some time and that his staff are not rattled by the corruption claims .
According to the official , the PA maintains transparency with donor countries and operates a strict oversight mechanism on their payments .
The source said that publishing such a report along with the video is nothing but an Israeli conspiracy aimed at tarnishing the credibility and status of Abbas in light of his refusal to return to the negotiation table under the conditions stipulated by Israel .
The PA claimed further that Shabana was arrested for three months for corruption scandals that he himself was involved in and alleged that he recently tried to blackmail senior PA officials in order to receive the post of deputy governor of Jerusalem .
To backup their claims , the PA noted that Shabana first negotiated with them to exchange monetary compensation in exchange for not publishing the claims reported Tuesday .
" If we had any concern , we would have closed that file by paying Shabana , " said the PA official .
« places to go :: pigeon on a subway | Main | frog fail - you gotta try ( harder ) »
the future of games and reality and weirdness and points and things like that
click below to watch :: and tell me what it makes you think of ::
The VLFeat open source library implements popular computer vision algorithms specializing in image understanding and local features extraction and matching .
Algorithms include Fisher Vector , VLAD , SIFT , MSER , k - means , hierarchical k-means , agglomerative information bottleneck , SLIC superpixels , quick shift superpixels , large scale SVM training , and many others .
It is written in C for efficiency and compatibility , with interfaces in MATLAB for ease of use , and detailed documentation throughout .
It supports Windows , Mac OS X , and Linux .
The latest version of VLFeat is 0.9.21 .
News
Charging For News ?
Langmaster Heads The Other Way
Rupert Murdoch Will Start Charging For His News Content Langmaster
Is Headed In Exactly The Opposite Direction
The Australian - American media tycoon , Rupert Murdoch , is planning to start charging the users of his Internet news servers .
The LANGMaster Group , a.s. , on the other hand , after being active on the market for 17 years , has decided to offer its language courses to the whole world entirely free of charge .
Lately the world has been gripped by a “ pivotal ” discussion about whether or not users should pay for access to quality Internet content .
News Corporation , for example , is among those who want to collect fees for the access to Internet content .
The LANGMaster Group , a.s. , which has been selling language learning courses in electronic form for 17 years in many countries around the world , is on the other side of the spectrum .
And now LANGMaster has started to provide its online courses to Internet users on its website , www.LANGMaster.com entirely for free .
“ We really thought a lot about this decision , ” said Pavel Zika , the founder of the company .
“ In the end , we decided three years ago to take this step and started to develop an educational portal , where people could access our quality language learning courses for free .
In the pilot phase we ran in the Czech Republic we got over 250,000 registered students and over 5,000 students who studied daily , in the first six months , ” he added .
Today we are launching an international version of this pilot portal in English , Spanish , Russian , German , Czech and Slovak mutations .
A modified version , which uses all possibilities of social networks was also launched at www.facebook.com/LANGMaster.
“ LANGMaster.com is a great challenge for us and we have many more plans for the future , ” says Jan Průcha , LANGMaster CEO .
“ In the foreseeable future , with the new partners we are now seeking to work with us on this project , we anticipate that we will be able to localize the portal into other languages , making it accessible to even more people .
In our business model , along with the free learning content , we also offer additional for - fee services and products , such as the Collins translation dictionaries and the efficient RE - WISE method vocabulary learning modules that can be used with company learning management systems , ” he explained .
The LANGMaster Group , a.s. has been active in language education since 1992 .
During this time LANGMaster has sold more than 5,000,000 licenses in 25 language versions in over 70 countries around the world .
ENDS
© Scoop Media
A Denver Police Department analysis estimates that medical - marijuana dispensaries in the city were robbed or burglarized at a lower rate last year than either banks or liquor stores .
The analysis — contained in a memo authored by Division Chief Tracie Keesee for Denver City Council members — finds that the projected robbery and burglary rate for storefront dispensaries in 2009 was on par with that of pharmacies .
The analysis is the first time Denver police have sought to compare crime at dispensaries with that at other businesses , and it represents a best - guess at a crime rate for the city ’s rapidly evolving dispensary industry .
Denver police spokesman John
White said he did n’t want to speculate on the bigger meaning of the numbers until the department can do a more thorough analysis .
But the memo comes as welcome news to medical - marijuana advocates , who have sought to convince state and local officials that dispensaries are not crime magnets .
“ It sounds anecdotally about right , ” said Matt Brown , with the pro-dispensary group Coloradans for Medical Marijuana Regulation . “. . .
Occasionally they happen .
( Dispensaries ) are by no means immune to crime .
But they ’re far more manageable than some of the public outrage would lead you to believe . ”
Police departments in other parts of the state — and in other states as well — have reported spikes in medical - marijuana - related crime coinciding with increases in the number of dispensaries in their communities .
Denver police statisticians arrived at the estimated crime rate for dispensaries by looking at the total number of burglaries or robberies reported at storefront dispensaries in 2009 — eight — and projecting what that number would have been had all the dispensaries operating in Denver at the end of the year been open for the full year .
The figures do not include medical - marijuana - related crimes that occurred outside storefront dispensaries — such as robberies of medical - marijuana delivery services or home - based caregivers .
Previously , Denver police officials have said there were at least 25 medical - marijuana - related robberies or burglaries in the city in the last six months of 2009 .
The projected 16.8 percent burglary and robbery rate for dispensaries is equal to that of pharmacies .
It ’s below the 19.7 percent rate of liquor stores and the 33.7 percent rate for banks , the analysis found .
State Sen. Chris Romer , a Denver Democrat who has been working to create regulations for Colorado ’s medical - marijuana system , said the numbers show that crime at dispensaries should not be ignored .
But he said it also shows that the crime rate is not so high as to necessitate the banning of dispensaries , which one proposal floating around the state Capitol would effectively do .
Geoff Broughton
Tenth Amendment Center
January 8 , 2010
I want to talk with you about the State Sovereignty movement and Nullification .
Our Founding
Fathers secured for us a land of freedom and opportunity that has been the envy of the entire world , and sought to protect those freedoms and that opportunity with our Constitution .
But the Constitution is not in itself the protection , only the means for us to protect ourselves .
It is quite clear the federal government is completely out of touch with those they are supposed to be serving .
Yet the Constitution provides for us , the inheritors of the greatest system of government the world has ever known , a way to defend our rights .
This is the tenth amendment !
And while Amendment Ten has not stopped the power grab from all branches of the federal government , it does provide both the framework and the justification for “ we the people ” to maintain and defend our share of the power in our political system .
First you have to understand that power is a finite resource , meaning that as one group gains power , it must come from another group .
In this case us .
Make no mistake about it ; a lot of laws passed in the last ninety six years have been about power .
More to the point , it is about power that is going from “ we the people ” , to the political class in Washington D.C
So it is not enough to be against Nationalized Healthcare ,
It is not enough to be against Cap and Trade ,
It is not enough to be against the bailouts , against TARP , against the Patriot ACT , against No Child Left behind !
It is not enough to oppose activist judges legislating from the bench , or executive orders , or bureaucratic regulations or any other “ laws ” without the understanding that these “ laws ” were NOT passed in a legislative branch of Government as laid out in the Constitution .
You must see that it is really about power , and you have to begin to recognize that this power has been taken from “ we the people ” !
How ?
Through apathy , indifference , and willful ignorance , we have let it be taken .
This brings us to the tenth amendment and Nullification .
Nullification is the idea that the people of the several States entered into a contract called the Constitution where the Federal Government was granted specific powers , most of which are found in Article One Section Eight .
And that the states had not only a right , but an obligation to interpose or nullify laws passed by the Federal Government that go beyond those powers , and infringe upon the rights of “ we the people ” .
This idea is clearly spelled out by the Tenth Amendment :
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people .
It is common sense that the states must have some recourse available to them should the Federal Government overreach its powers , and infringe upon the liberty of “ we the people ” .
Does this sound crazy ?
Some notes on this idea from the founders before the Constitution was ratified .
“ It may safely be received as an axiom in our political system , that the State governments will , in all possible contingencies , afford complete security against invasions of the public liberty by the national authority . ”
Alexander Hamilton Federalist Papers#28
“ The local or municipal authorities form distinct and independent portions of the supremacy , no more subject , within their respective spheres , to the general authority than the general authority is subject to them , within its own sphere . ”
James Madison Federalist Papers # 39
“ The powers delegated by the proposed Constitution to the federal government are few and defined .
Those which are to remain in the State governments are numerous and indefinite . ”
James Madison Federalist Papers#45
“ Hence , a double security arises to the rights of the people .
The different governments will control each other ; at the same time that each will be controlled by itself . ”
James Madison Federalist Papers # 51
“ We may safely rely on the disposition of the state legislatures to erect barriers against the encroachments of the national authority . ”
Alexander Hamilton Federalist Papers#85
The Federalist papers were never meant to define the Constitution ; but to sell it to the general public to get it ratified .
You see , the former colonist were not eager to trade a despotic centralized Government across the ocean for one on their own continent .
Proof is self evident by the fact that they had to promise that a bill of rights would be added to get it ratified .
The Doctrine of Nullification was first introduced in 1798 in the Kentucky Resolution , written by Thomas Jefferson , and the Virginia resolution , written by James Madison .
These were in response to the “ Alien ” and Sedition acts ” .
I urge you to read these resolutions , and I brought a few copies of the pocket constitution put out by the Campaign for Liberty which includes both .
And in case you did n’t know , the “ Alien and Sedition ” acts among other things made it illegal to criticize the Government .
This doctrine was later adopted by Massachusetts and Wisconsin to nullify parts of the “ Fugitive Slave ACT ” , and by South Carolina to nullify a tariff they believed harmful to their state economy , and by the New England states in response to embargos .
‘ What about the “ Supremacy clause ” ? ’
The one that states the Federal Government is the Supreme law of the land .
[ efoods ] 1997 “ Mack / Printz vs. the US ” Where two County Sheriffs sued the Federal Government over the Brady Bill .
This was a law that forced county Sheriffs to run background check on their citizens who bought handguns at the expense of the county , and any sheriff who did not comply with this law would be subject to arrest .
These sheriffs argued that this law violated the tenth amendment .
This case was heard and ultimately won before the Supreme Court .
Justice Scalia writes for the majority , “ … the Constitution ’s conferral upon Congress of not all governmental powers , but only discreet , enumerated ones . ”
And in a direct challenge to this interpretation of the Supremacy clause , he writes , “ It is incontestable that the Constitution established a system of dual sovereignty ” he also states “ This separation of the two spheres is one of the constitution ’s structural protections of liberty .
Just as the separation and independence of the coordinate branches of the federal government serve to prevent the accumulation of excessive power in any one branch , a healthy balance of power between the States and the Federal Government will reduce the risk of tyranny and abuse from either front . ”
But there is really a supremacy clause , and it states :
“ This Constitution , and the Laws of the United States which shall be made in Pursuance thereof ; and all Treaties made , or which shall be made , under the Authority of the United States , shall be the supreme Law of the Land . ”
This clearly states the Constitution and laws that carry out , follow and continue the Constitution are the Supreme Law of the land .
How about the Real ID Act , whereby the States had until May of 2008 to issue everyone of its citizens a national ID card complete with biometrics , resulting in the complete loss of privacy from the state .
States who failed to comply by the deadline would see its citizens loose the ability to board an air plane or enter a federal building .
It has been over a year since that deadline has passed , and I ask you , do any of you have a “ real ID ” ?
How many of you have entered a federal building or boarded an airplane in the last year ?
Do you know why ?
Because the states said NO !
Is there anyone here tonight , having heard what I have had to say about States Rights , and the Doctrine of Nullification , who believe that this is a real and viable strategy in the fight to , not only secure the freedoms we still enjoy , but to take back the power that has always been our god given natural rights ?
For those of you who have answered yes , here is a strategy for how we will win !
First , we must redirect the efforts from the Federal office holders who not only have ignored us , but hold us in contempt !
And direct that energy towards the State Legislators .
These people live here in our communities with us and have much less insulation from “ we the people ” .
We must get them to introduce and pass key laws including : nullifying both a National Healthcare act and Cap and Trade , an honest money act , to protect Coloradoans from the oncoming hyper-inflation that will be the result of this out of control spending .
Furthermore we should follow Tennessee , whose legislators are introducing a bill which creates an escrow account whereby legal federal taxes are collected and held by the states as protection against federal backlash against our nullification efforts .
Next we must have them introduce and pass legislation which will “ build and impenetrable wall around the county sheriff and the second amendment ” examples include “ Sheriff First ” “ Extension of the Castle Doctrine ” “ Prohibition of Gun and Ammunition Tracking ” and finally a “ Firearms Freedom Act ” .
This is laid out in detail in an article I have printed out , and brought with me .
At some point as “ we the people ” work to make the Constitution relevant again , you will begin to hear the progressives and their puppets use the term “ general welfare clause ”
The general welfare clause has been interpreted by those favoring a strong central government to mean that as long as the law was meant to be in the “ general welfare ” of the union , congress has the authority to pass it .
The argument against this is the Virginia plan , which was introduced by Madison at the Constitutional Convention .
This plan would have created a National Government that gave the central government the authority to do anything it wanted .
It is important to remember this plan was rejected by the delegation , and more importantly , it was never ratified by “ we the people ” .
James Madison , considered the ‘ father of the Constitution ’ and the author of the defeated Virginia plan , stated the following about this interpretation of the “ general welfare clause ” .
“ Such a view of the Constitution would have the effect of giving to Congress a general power of legislation instead of the defined and limited one hitherto understood to belong to them . ”
Think on that a second .
Now let me give you one of my favorite quotes from James Madison .
“ Do not separate text from historical background .
If you do , you will have perverted and subverted the Constitution , which can only end in a distorted , bastardized form of illegitimate government . ”
This should help to explain where we are today and how we got here , and hopefully what we need to do next .
Will it be easy ?
No .
Every step of the way not only will enemies of Freedom tells us this wont work , but even our friends , who should be on our side will say it is impossible .
The Central Government is too big to take on !
Will there be risk ?
Yes .
We will be taking on the most powerful “ empire ” in the world today , and you can be sure that they will not give up all this power without a fight .
But I ask you to consider what dangers our founding fathers faced , surely this pales in comparison .
I think Samuel Adams said it best when he said this , “ If ye love wealth better than liberty , the tranquility of servitude better then the animating contest of freedom , go home from us in peace .
We ask not your counsel or your arms .
Crouch down and lick the hands which feed you .
May your chains set lightly upon you , and may posterity forget that ye were our countrymen ”
I want to leave you all with a few closing thoughts .
Remember ;
It is about your future ,
It is about your children ’s future
It is about your grandchildren ’s future ,
It is about control ,
It is especially about power , and finally
It is about TIME people were willing to stand up for themselves and do more then just complain to our would be masters for better treatment .
And begin to assert the power that is our god given birth right as American Patriots !
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
When I explained that linking your feeds is hurting your friends , I flippantly suggested people who are n’t following you on that other service are probably ignoring you for a reason .
While I ’m still ready to argue that this is generally true , I do n’t want to claim that it ’s always true .
Somewhere among the horde of people who are n’t following you because they do n’t like you , are n’t following you because they do n’t like how you use the service , and are n’t following you because they hate everything the service represents , there is a small huddled group .
These unfortunates would like to follow your updates on that other service but for one reason or another , the prospect of having to check yet another inbox drives them to tears .
I ca n’t say that I blame them .
How to accommodate this group without driving all your other followers to distraction and riot ?
My first answer is handcrafted updates .
Choose your most important messages and post them in medium - appropriate ways on each service .
This answer is cheating .
It does n’t meet the parameters I specified above : what if someone wants to read everything you post to that other service , but they ca n’t bear to sign up for that other service ?
The real answer is right up there in the title of this post : instead of everything boxes , publish single - purpose streams .
If you must dump everything you post from one service into another , have the decency to do it in a separate account that the rest of us can happily ignore or subscribe to as we see fit .
While I get the sentiment , I respectfully disagree with TwitterIsntRSS.com .
I think that there is no harm in allowing people who want to use Twitter as an RSS reader the option to do that .
Just do n’t bundle it all together and drown the rest of us .
The goal here is the same as always : give your friends / followers / attractive people fine - grained control of their user - experience .
If they want to keep up with your blog on Twitter instead of inside an RSS reader , more power to them .
If they ’d rather get an email , so much the better .
By all means , publish widely .
Let us decide where and how to keep up with your insights and cat pictures .
Here ’s the mantra :
Time is precious , accounts are free .
Unlink your feeds .
Nearly 400 years of overstated warnings do not mean that today ’s Jeremiahs will be proved wrong .
And of course any discussion of American problems in any era must include the disclaimer : the Civil War was worse .
But these alarmed calls to action are something we do to ourselves — usually with good effect .
Especially because of the world financial crisis , “ we have seen palpable declines in the middle class ’s standing and its sense of security for the future , ” Jackson Lears said .
“ I think that was a good deal of what was behind Obama ’s election — that same longing for rebirth that we have seen in other eras .
It is rooted in the familiar Protestant longing for salvation , but is adaptable to secular arenas .
Obama was basically riding to victory as part of a politics of regeneration . ”
Barack Obama ’s very high popularity ratings just after the election suggest that even those who now oppose him and his policies recognized the potential for a new start .
It was recognized overseas as well .
Shortly before the election , I interviewed a senior Chinese government official in Beijing .
He would not speak on the record about U.S. politics , and he noted that since the time of Nixon , Democratic presidents had been more troublesome for China to deal with than Republicans .
But he said , “ We view this ” — meaning the possibility of Obama ’s election — “ as a test of whether America can change course .
It is a remarkable strength of your country . ”
This fall in Sydney , the head of an investment bank laid out for me the ways that profligate spending in the United States had brought the world close to financial disaster , and the future problems that would be created by America ’s looming federal deficits .
Then he said , “ And we will look on in awe as you avoid catastrophe at the last moment — again . ”
“ Why has the United States been so resilient ? ” Michael Kazin , a historian at Georgetown University , asked rhetorically , after enumerating previous waves of concern about American “ decline . ”
He listed many factors , including the good luck of geography and resources , the First Amendment ’s success in reducing religious and sectarian friction , and the decentralization of power and culture .
“ There ’s no Paris , no Rome — a city where a general strike could bring the whole country to a halt . ”
But like Lears and the writer Garry Wills , Kazin was at pains to challenge today ’s declinism on its own terms , pointing out the successes of recent American history .
“ Racial relations , the major problem in our history , are better than they have ever been before , ” he said .
“ Religious tolerance is better .
Anti-immigrant feelings do not come close to the levels of the 1840s , 1890s , or 1920s .
Political decline ?
The level of participation is higher than it used to be , especially in the last election . ”
Garry Wills listed his concerns about the militarization of American public life ( the subject of his recent book , Bomb Power ) and the vitriol of today ’s political / cultural divisions .
But he added : “ When people say how bad things are , I always emphasize that we have never in our history been so good on human rights .
The rights of women , gays , the disabled , Native Americans , Hispanics — all of those have soared in the last 40 years . ”
Even the “ birther ” and “ tea bag ” movements are indirect evidence of progress , Wills said .
“ They are reactions to a really great achievement .
We did elect a black president .
Not many people thought that was possible , even two or three years ago . ”
Of course Wills ’s list of achievements is , for some , evidence of what has been “ taken ” from them in recent history .
The point for now is that their concern is part of a strong national tradition , as is the fluidity that gave rise to it .
If we were n’t worried about our future , then we should really start to worry .
Another Reason Not to Worry : The Irrelevance of “ Falling Behind ”
In one important way , the jeremiads I have heard since childhood are not part of the great American tradition .
Starting with Sputnik , when I was in grade school , they have involved comparisons with an external rival or enemy .
“ Whether you like it or not , history is on our side , ” Nikita Khrushchev said to Western diplomats in 1956 .
“ We will bury you . ”
After the Soviet Union came the Japanese and the Germans ; and now China , or occasionally India , as the standard whose achievements dramatize what America has not done .
By Alex Kingsbury , Washington Whispers
Contrary to a new report , National Counterterrorism Chief Michael Leiter was not shushing down the slopes on Christmas Day when the Nigerian underpants bomber struck on a Detroit - bound flight .
" That 's called not - so - friendly fire from the IC [ intelligence community ] looking for a fall guy , " says one spook at the NCTC , located in Virginia near the beltway .
" [ Leiter ] was here to the very end of the day , like me and many , many others , " says another .
The command center is staffed 24 hours 365 days a year .
Denis McDonough , National Security Council chief of staff , said in a statement that Leiter was " intimately involved in all aspects of the nation 's response to the attempted terrorist attack — to include coordinating intelligence , examining terrorist watch - listing , and briefing Members of Congress . "
Only later did he head out of town .
" Only after explicit consultations with both the White House and the Director of National Intelligence and considering the current threat environment did Director Leiter take six days of annual leave after the event , which again did not affect in any way his ability to remain engaged with all elements of the United States Government , " he said .
The New York Daily News reported that he was skiing and did n't return to Washington .
So what about the rest of the president 's intelligence team ?
The CIA wo n't say where Director Leon Panetta was .
The Office of the DNI does not , as a matter of policy , comment on the location of chief Dennis Blair , but it 's understood that he was in the Washington area .
See a gallery of political cartoons .
Committee on Elimination of Discrimination Against Women18 January 2010
Hears from NGOs on Uzbekistan , Ukraine and Malawi
The Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women this afternoon held an informal meeting with representatives of non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) from Uzbekistan , Ukraine , and Malawi .
According to its Rules of Procedure , the Committee may invite representatives of NGOs to make oral or written statements , and to provide information or documentation relevant to the Committee 's activities under the Convention .
The Committee has also decided that representatives of national and international NGOs should provide country - specific information on the States parties whose reports were before the Committee .
Among issues raised on Malawi , NGOs said there were many laws which were contrary to the nature and spirit of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women in Malawi , and it could be safely said that it did not form part and parcel of the laws .
There was also a lack of commitment by the State to implement the Committee 's concluding comment urging it to set a clear time frame for the adoption of the revised Citizenship Act , Immigration Act , and the Wills and Inheritance Act , as well as the new Marriage , Divorce and Family Relations Bill , designed to eliminate discrimination against women , and the proposed HIV / AIDS Bill contained provisions that perpetuated the victimisation and stigmatisation of women , and the infringement of their rights .
On Ukraine , NGOs said despite the existence of the national gender machinery , the overall strategy of gender policies was not clear and precise .
The State Programme on Gender did not define any indicators for monitoring and measuring its effectiveness .
With regards to the situation of homosexual , bisexual and transgender women , national legislation contained several mentions of prohibition of discrimination against women , but there was no mention of discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation and / or gender identity in any of these documents .
Further , Romani women faced serious problems due to multiple discrimination on the basis of gender and ethnicity within wider society as well as within domestic and family environments .
With regards to Uzbekistan , NGOs said women in Uzbekistan were denied a voice and safe space to raise their concerns .
There was State control and fear , and women could not participate equally in the economic , social and public life in Uzbekistan for a range of reasons .
The perspective of the Government on women continued to be focused on values that assumed that women did not have capacities for leadership or even equal participation .
The Committee should ensure that the Government put in place anti-discrimination legislation which would provide for women 's access to equal opportunities and equal benefit in employment and economic rights , and to ensure that women were not discriminated against on the grounds of their sexual identity .
The Uzbek State must commit to ensure the freedom of women human rights defenders to undertake their work in organising and supporting women .
The next meeting of the Committee will be at 3 p.m. on Tuesday 19 January , when it will hold another informal meeting with non-governmental organizations to discuss their interactions with the Committee .
Statements
Malawi
SEODI VENEKAI -RUDO WHITE , Women and Law in Southern Africa Research Trust , said she was presenting the Malawi Shadow Report on behalf of Women and Law in Southern Africa and the Malawi NGO Gender Coordinating Network .
There were many laws which were contrary to the nature and spirit of the Convention in Malawi , and it could be safely said that it did not form part and parcel of the laws .
It was therefore recommended that the Government clearly create an action plan on the domestication of the Convention , or Malawian women and girls could not legitimately enjoy the rights under the Convention .
There was also a lack of commitment by the State to implement the Committee 's concluding comment urging it to set a clear time frame for the adoption of the revised Citizenship Act , Immigration Act , and the Wills and Inheritance Act , as well as the new Marriage , Divorce and Family Relations Bill , designed to eliminate discrimination against women .
Further , in Malawi , women 's status as owners of property remained comparatively poorer than that of men because of inequitable construction of gender roles .
Marriage became a conduit of poverty for women .
MARY FRANCES MALUNGA , National Assembly of Business Women , said Malawi 's maternal mortality rates continued to be one of the highest in the world .
So far , Malawi had failed to meet the Committee 's concluding observations calling for the State party to integrate a gender perspective in all health sector reforms while also ensuring that women 's sexual and reproductive health needs were adequately addressed .
Further , the proposed HIV / AIDS Bill contained provisions that perpetuated the victimisation and stigmatisation of women , and the infringement of their rights .
Ukraine
MARIIA ALIEKSIEIENKO , Women 's Consortium of Ukraine , said despite the existence of the national gender machinery , the overall strategy of gender policies was not clear and precise .
The State Programme on Gender did not define any indicators for monitoring and measuring its effectiveness .
The Government funds for gender equality programmes were very limited and were not effectively allocated .
The representation of women in Parliament , in the top positions of executive branches and in diplomatic departments and international delegations remained very low .
Whereas State - based crisis centres and shelters for victims of domestic violence had been established , several gaps and challenges remained , including that they were not available in all regions , the services were not available on short notice , and the good practices of the previous State social centres were not sufficiently supported by the State .
As for the victims of trafficking , the social and psychological support to them was mostly provided by the NGOs with assistance from international donors .
KRYSTYNA POSUNKINA , Za Ravnie Prava ( For Equal Rights ) , said with regards to the situation of homosexual , bisexual and transgender women , national legislation contained several mentions of prohibition of discrimination against women , but there was no mention of discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation and / or gender identity in any of these documents , and there was an issue of frequent violation of freedoms and rights of these women .
When a crime against these women occurred and was aggravated by sexual orientation or gender identity , there was no possibility to interpret it as a hate crime due to the lack of legislation .
Fertile lesbian women had no right to artificial insemination , and transgender health issues were recognised only as an identity disorder .
ZEMFIRA KONDUR , European Roma Rights Center , said Romani women faced serious problems due to multiple discrimination on the basis of gender and ethnicity within wider society as well as within domestic and family environments , with many Romani women and girls facing hunger , discrimination in access to education , health care , employment , issues of domestic and racial violence , inadequate housing , and the disadvantaged position of Romani women .
The human rights situation of these women was aggravated by the fact that there was no comprehensive anti-discrimination law in Ukraine via which Romani women could seek to defend their rights and challenge abuses when these occurred .
The Government should promptly adopt a comprehensive strategy on the Roma , with specific focus on gender as a cross-cutting priority .
Uzbekistan
YASMIN MASIDI , Coalition of Uzbek Women 's Rights NGOs , said women in Uzbekistan were denied a voice and safe space to raise their concerns .
There was State control and fear , and women could not participate equally in the economic , social and public life in Uzbekistan for a range of reasons .
Recent developments in legislation had seriously hampered women 's participation in the NGO movement .
Human rights defenders who had come together for their work faced grave danger , as unregistered collectives or groups were considered illegal .
The perspective of the Government on women continued to be focused on values that assumed that women did not have capacities for leadership or even equal participation .
Programmes in place for women 's development were based on stereotypes and patriarchal norms that they further reinforced .
Protection from domestic violence , non-discrimination , gender equality and other critical issues which could only be addressed by challenging established patriarchal norms were taboo in official vocabulary .
The attention of the Committee was also urgently drawn to the new programme of population control measures launched by the State that targeted women 's reproductive rights .
ANNA KIREY , LGBT Organisation " Labrys " , said due to their sexual identity , women in Uzbekistan were unable to secure employment , were disowned and harassed by their families , and forced into marriage .
Lesbian and bisexual women were forced to marry men because of tremendous family pressure .
The fear of persecution by the State had kept the lesbian women 's movement underground , disabling them from challenging the discrimination that they suffered .
Criminal laws provided punitive measures for homosexuality , and could also be used against transgender women .
The Committee should ensure that the Government put in place anti-discrimination legislation which would provide for women 's access to equal opportunities and equal benefit in employment and economic rights , and to ensure that women were not discriminated against on the grounds of their sexual identity .
The Uzbek State must commit to ensure the freedom of women human rights defenders to undertake their work in organizing and supporting women .
Questions
Following these statements , Committee Members raised a number of questions and issues , including , on Malawi : what plans did NGOs have to try and ensure that the gender laws were actually given priority in Parliament ; what were the implications of the Madonna case of 2009 which had implications for the Convention and its status within the domestic legal order and how strict had the Supreme Court been ; a request for more information on the Constitution and what it contained with respect to international treaties ratified ; and whether there was a real marital shared property regime , and if so , what rights of inheritance did women have .
On Ukraine , Members raised , among other issues : whether there had been any real progress , other than political will , in eradicating trafficking in persons ; whether gender equality was a matter for public debate and something that had been addressed by political candidates ; what could be done to improve the situation of sexual minorities ; a request for more information on the work of NGOs on possible use of the Optional Protocol in their work ; and how many crisis centres and shelters had been opened by the Government for victims of domestic violence .
On Uzbekistan , Members raised , among other matters : a request for more information on the work on the sterilisation programme , which NGOs were alleging were in some cases forced ; whether there was a prohibition of marital rape , since there was no terminology for this phenomenon ; a request for documentation on sexual harassment cases where the victims were State employees ; which laws could be used to discriminate against those with trans - gender identity ; and whether forced marriage was a generalised phenomenon against women and not just against those with a different gender identity and sexual orientation .
Responses
Responding to these questions and issues , representatives from Malawian NGOs said the Executive Branch of Government advanced Bills to Parliament after having discussed them in Cabinet - it was only after this that they became debatable .
Thus the Parliament told NGOs that they had to engage with the Executive .
In matters of gender laws , it should be the gender machinery that engaged with the Executive and the Justice machinery .
On the implications of the Madonna case , the Supreme Court said in this regard that the first point of departure in interpreting an Act of Parliament was the Constitution .
The Convention on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women and the Convention on the Rights of the Child were thus not used as part of the laws of Malawi , although they could be used as per the discretion of the courts .
There should be a clear road map by the gender machinery in terms of what laws stayed in and what laws were removed .
On property rights , there was no regime of marital property , and laws assumed either registration of a joint title to a particular property , or it was assumed to be owned separately .
Representatives of NGOs from Ukraine , responding , said on the political position of women in Ukraine , the law of Ukraine on ensuring equal rights and opportunities declared that both sexes had equal rights and opportunities in the political world , but this was de jure - de facto , the reality was different and women were still discriminated against in the political field for a wide range of reasons , including stereotypes and bad distribution of family roles .
There were only about 8 per cent of women in Parliament .
Without the NGOs in Ukraine , issues of gender equality , domestic violence and trafficking would never have been addressed .
These activities started mostly in 1994 , and the women 's movement had been developing and strengthening ever since .
The Government relied on NGOs for advisory assistance , training , and public awareness campaigns .
NGOs had worked with judges and the courts as well as lawyers in order to make them more aware of gender - equality issues .
On the Shadow Report procedure , it was an initiative only from NGOs .
There were some organizations involved in the elaboration of the State report , but very few , and they were mostly invited once the report had been prepared .
NGOs for ethnic minorities , women with disabilities , and sexual minority women were not invited nor involved .
There was no State shelter that provided support to victims of trafficking - there were some rare cases where support was given to NGO shelters , but it was n't actually in the system .
Prospects for Governmental ownership of these services , now supported by international organizations , was pretty limited .
It was very difficult to make a distinction between ethnic and gender discrimination in the case of Romani women .
The protection against racial discrimination under Ukrainian law was very weak , making Romani women very vulnerable to discrimination .
Uzbekistan NGO representatives , responding , said detailed responses would be provided in writing in twenty - four hours , as the representatives themselves could not be present at the meeting for fear of persecution .
The situation of LGBT women was rare and not very documented in the Central Asian countries , and it was impressive that a report had been able to be produced and presented at the session .
Uzbekistan had frequently been called upon to decriminalise homosexuality , but it had rejected this recently at the Universal Periodic Review .
It was impossible to change gender on official documents for transsexual persons .
There was great limitation of access for women and for lesbian , gay and bisexual women in Uzbekistan due to Government surveillance of the Internet and telephone .
For use of the information media ; not an official record
Honduras : Which Way ?
January 10 , 2010 --
In October , 2009 , a delegation of human rights observers from Chicago visited Honduras to witness the popular resistance to the coup d'etat .
We interviewed many leaders of the movement , and recorded abuses against them perpetrated by the coup regime and its military apparatus .
This video is a short example of the spirit of the resistance by the Honduran people , which continues despite the fraudulent election that took place on November 29 , 2009 .
Despite being boycotted by 63 % of voters , the coup regime remains in power .
Video produced by We = Producciones En El Ojo ( In the Eye Productions ) .
Audio -- Ricardo Salgado discusses situation after the `election '
In the this three - part interview ( recorded in December 2009 ) Ricardo Salgado , a member of the National Resistance Front Against the Coup , tells Latin Radical that the popularly boycotted " election " in Honduras on November 29 has not , as the mainstream media and politicians claim , " resolved " the crisis .
In fact , tensions have increased with more violent and shocking human rights violations by the military than ever before .
The resolve of the people to resist the coup regime is hardening .
Part 1 .
Original audio source ( Pta1ricardo.salgadobonilla_20 _Dec_2009_2.mp3 )
Part 2 .
If the tone of Johnson ’s writing on the blog sometimes bordered , as his detractors claimed , on hate speech , that of his mostly anonymous commenters was reliably worse .
A popular blog like L.G.F. functions as a kind of cloud - sourced id .
It is not uncommon for a simple , 200 - word post to accrue upward of a thousand written responses from readers .
The question of how responsible he is , or should be , for these expressions of uncensored reader sentiment is one that Johnson , like many bloggers , has struggled with ; but in the middle years of the last decade , whether for free - speech reasons or simply because he enjoyed being the popular focal point of such strong nationalist feeling , he did very little to rein it in .
Muslims were described as “ vermin . ”
The posthumous nickname St. Pancake was coined for the young American pro-Palestinian activist Rachel Corrie , in reference to the Israeli bulldozer that killed her .
Discussion of U.S. foreign - policy options included terms like “ targeted genocide .
”
As for Palestinians , “ they do n’t need statehood , ” offered one commenter ; “ they need sterilization . ”
And on and on .
A so - called stalker blog , called L.G.F .
Watch , sprang up to document instances of what it considered hate speech on the part of Johnson and his followers .
Vanity Fair ’s James Wolcott compared Johnson ’s site to a “ disorganized Nuremberg Rally . ”
But enemies themselves are a kind of currency on the Internet , and for every attack L.G.F. provoked as a place that permitted and even fostered bigotry against Muslims in particular , new allies rose up to link themselves to Johnson and his causes .
Those links were both spiritual and literal ; allowing ( or preventing ) less - successful sites to post a link to yours , and maybe offering them a link on your own site in return , turns you into a kind of taste maker , a locus of tangible power .
L.G.F. was , by 2007 or so , at the heart of a vast , amorphous grid of right - wing sites of every description , an interdependence that Johnson himself had become , in a way , too popular to control .
That concept of the link , in all its permutations , is the key to what happened next , both to Johnson and because of him , and it says something enlightening not just about blogging but also about the nature and prospects of citizen journalism .
Whatever you think of him , Johnson is a smart man , a gifted synthesizer of information gathered by other people .
But just as for anyone in his position , there is an inevitable limit to what he can learn about places , people , political organizations , etc. , without actually encountering them .
Instead of causes and effects , motivations and consequences , observation and behavior , his means of intellectual synthesis is , instead , the link : the indiscriminate connection established via search engine .
IN OCTOBER 2007 , Johnson was asked to take part in what was billed as a Counter - Jihad Conference in Brussels , a gathering of fewer than a hundred politicians and opinion leaders from around the world who convened to share ideas and strategies for combating the spread of militant Islam .
Johnson was not the only writer invited —
Geller was there , as well as Robert Spencer of jihadwatch.org ( a Web site Johnson himself designed ) , to name two — but he did not go .
“ I ’m just not a joiner of these things , ” he says .
The conference finished up in Brussels , and “ the next day , ” Johnson remembers , “ people were e-mailing me saying , ‘ You might want to cover this . ’
So I started looking into it . ”
He discovered that among the conference ’s 90 or so participants — though not among the speakers — was a man named Filip Dewinter , a leader of a Belgian - nationalist political party called Vlaams Belang , or “ Flemish Interest . ”
Vlaams Belang , which has a history that reaches back to the wrong side of World War II , has an unabashed record of inflammatory rhetoric and hateful , opportunistic verbal viciousness of all sorts ; a few years ago , for example , the party announced an advertising campaign in Moroccan newspapers and magazines to “ discourage foreigners from coming to our country . ”
And as recently as 2004 , it was condemned by the Belgian Supreme Court for incitement to discrimination and racial segregation .
( The party responded by changing its name . )
Even to most right - wing sensibilities , Vlaams Belang is certainly beyond the pale .
Still , whether or not Dewinter , who has said that “ in Flanders , the multicultural society has led to a multicriminal society , ” is more extreme than the commenters who appeared regularly on Little Green Footballs seems like a subject on which right - wing minds might reasonably disagree .
Perhaps that still happens somewhere .
Gray , however , is not a popular shade on the Internet .
It seems borderline ridiculous that the political character of an extremist Belgian party , which in the last parliamentary election captured just 17 seats out of 150 in the Chamber of Representatives , should become the issue over which a kind of civil war among American conservatives broke out , but that is what happened .
Opposing “ Islamofascism , ” Johnson had come to believe , should n’t require identification with fascism of the older sort .
Johnson began taking shots at not only Vlaams Belang , an organization it seems safe to say the vast majority of his readers had never heard of , but also at formerly favored colleagues like Spencer and Geller , to whom , by attending the same conference , the European neofascist movement was now . . . linked .
Johnson first hinted , and eventually demanded , that they publicly distance themselves from both Vlaams Belang and the conference itself , and when they demurred , he publicly distanced himself from them .
“ Filip Dewinter has said some things I deplore , ” Spencer says .
“ But I do n’t consider myself responsible for him just because I was at this conference and he was , too .
That ’s an outrageous kind of guilt by association .
Let me ask you this : a few years ago I spoke at a Yom Kippur service , and one of the other speakers was Hillary Clinton .
Does that make me a supporter or her work , or her of mine ? ”
Just a little note for our friend Kurt Greenbaum .
After watching a video we received tonight from the guys over at STLtomorrow of Greenbaum shakily talking about the infamous incident at his recent public appearance , its clear he has no idea what the word means .
From the video ( embedded below ) :
Random Guy : “ Does n’t this set a precedent for when you see other objectionable comments to contact other employers as well ?
Should people be afraid to com … ” Greenbaum : “ No , I do n’t think it sets a precedent . ”
Random Guy : “ Well it happened . ” Greenbaum : “ Ok . I do n’t think it set a precedent . ”
Random Guy : “ Would you consider doing that again ? ” Greenbaum : “ I do n’t know . ”
I do n’t know ?!
I honestly do n’t know if Greenbaum really thinks he did nothing wrong , or if he is just sticking to his retarded guns here .
There was a time where we even felt a little sorry for Greenbaum ’s misguided ass , but he comes off like a self - righteous dick in this video even more than he did in the blog post basically bragging about getting a man fired !
There ’s no point to continue disecting Greenbaum ’s actions .
It was wrong .
Everyone knows it .
Well not everyone .
Just the one guy .
It ’s really frustrating when everyone in the world knows something and one poor bastard just ca n’t see the truth .
This must be what it ’s like to be around Tom Cruise or Lois Lane .
Video courtesy of STLTomorrow.org
Some students had taken to covering webcams in school with paper because they thought they might be watched , she said .
" But . . . they would never think the school would be watching them at home .
I 'm not sure who to believe , but I 'm hoping it is not true because if it was , it would really be outrageous . "
Shabattai Kalmanovich died at the scene , Moscow police said
A Russian businessman who was convicted in Israel as a KGB spy has been shot dead in Moscow , police say .
Investigators said Shabattai Kalmanovich , 60 , was killed by gunmen who fired at his Mercedes from a passing car , Russian media reported .
His driver was seriously wounded in the attack but tried to chase the killers , reports said .
Mr Kalmanovich was well known in Russia as a music concert promoter and as a basketball sponsor .
His killing appeared to have been " carefully planned " , a police official was quoted by ITAR - Tass news agency as saying .
In televised remarks , Moscow Investigative Committee chief Anatoly Bagmet said the killing could have been related to Mr Kalmanovich 's business affairs or have been driven by " personal revenge " .
Jailed for spying
Mr Kalmanovich emigrated from the former Soviet Union to Israel in 1971 and in 1988 was jailed for spying for the KGB , media reports said .
He was released after serving five years and relocated to Sierra Leone , where he made a fortune in the diamonds trade .
He later returned to Russia where he ran a large shopping centre in Moscow and promoted concerts for stars including Michael Jackson and Liza Minnelli .
Mr Kalmanovich also sponsored basketball clubs and in 2008 became general manager of the Russian women 's basketball team .
Since Gawker now covers art : A woman at the Metropolitan Museum of Art on Friday got way too excited about Picasso's " The Actor " .
She fell into it , ripping a six - inch hole in the rare Rose Period painting .
Update :
A tipster sends in additional details about the circumstances surrounding the great Picasso Tearing of 2010 , which they claim to have heard from a Met security guard :
There was a group of students touring the 20th century area and a special needs kid was sitting on the floor or leaning on the wall , went to get up , tripped and tore a six inch long hole in Picasso's ' actors ' .
[ NYT ]
Lexus and Toyota models were stung recently by claims that faulty floor mats had jammed throttle pedals and were causing wide - open acceleration .
Toyota has agreed to a largest - ever recall of 4.3 million vehicles ( which could cost $ 250 million or more ) to modify the gas pedals and remove unsecured or incompatible driver ’s floor mats .
Not since Audi was decimated by accusations of unintended acceleration in the late 1980s has the topic of runaway cars received so much media attention .
The furor began when an off - duty California Highway Patrolman crashed a loaner Lexus ES350 at high speed , killing himself , his wife and their daughter , and his brother - in - law .
It was reported that someone , either the officer or his brother - in - law , called 9 - 1 - 1 moments before the crash , saying that the “ accelerator is stuck . . . there ’s no brake . ”
Our focus here is not to question the validity of the “ floor - mat ” claims ( some investigators have suggested that a faulty drive - by - wire system is to blame ) but to present methods for coping with this heart - stopping situation and to investigate a Toyota ’s relative performance during such an event .
For our tests , we rounded up a disparate bunch : a V - 6 Camry ( a recalled vehicle ) , an Infiniti G37 convertible , and a hugely powerful 540 - hp Roush Stage 3 Mustang .
Our tests were conducted at highway speeds , as the incident with the Lexus ES350 happened on an expressway , and in the lowest possible gear , as that 's the worst - case scenario .
Here is how to deal with a runaway car :
Hit the Brakes
Certainly the most natural reaction to a stuck - throttle emergency is to stomp on the brake pedal , possibly with both feet .
And despite dramatic horsepower increases since C/D ’s 1987 unintended - acceleration test of an Audi 5000 , brakes by and large can still overpower and rein in an engine roaring under full throttle .
With the Camry ’s throttle pinned while going 70 mph , the brakes easily overcame all 268 horsepower straining against them and stopped the car in 190 feet — that ’s a foot shorter than the performance of a Ford Taurus without any gas - pedal problems and just 16 feet longer than with the Camry ’s throttle closed .
From 100 mph , the stopping - distance differential was 88 feet — noticeable to be sure , but the car still slowed enthusiastically enough to impart a feeling of confidence .
We also tried one go - for - broke run at 120 mph , and , even then , the car quickly decelerated to about 10 mph before the brakes got excessively hot and the car refused to decelerate any further .
So even in the most extreme case , it should be possible to get a car ’s speed down to a point where a resulting accident should be a low - speed and relatively minor event .
But Toyota could do better .
Since the advent of electronic throttle control , many automakers have added software to program the throttle to close — and therefore cut power — when the brakes are applied .
Cars from BMW , Chrysler , Nissan / Infiniti , Porsche , and Volkswagen / Audi have this feature , and that ’s precisely why the G37 aced this test .
Even with the throttle floored and the vehicle accelerating briskly , stabbing the brakes causes the engine ’s power to fade almost immediately , and as a result , the Infiniti stops in a hurry .
From speeds of 70 or even 100 mph , the difference in braking results between having a pinned throttle or not was fewer than 10 feet , which is n’t discernible to the average driver .
As a result of the unintended - acceleration investigation , Toyota is adding this feature posthaste .
We included the powerful Roush Mustang to test — in the extreme — the theory that “ brakes are stronger than the engine . ”
From 70 mph , the Roush ’s brakes were still resolutely king even though a pinned throttle added 80 feet to its stopping distance .
However , from 100 mph , it was n’t clear from behind the wheel that the Mustang was going to stop .
But after 903 feet — almost three times longer than normal — the 540 - hp supercharged Roush finally did succumb , chugging to a stop in a puff of brake smoke .
Shift to Neutral or Park
This is your best option in an emergency .
Neither the Camry ’s nor the Infiniti ’s automatic transmission showed any hesitancy to shift into neutral or park when accelerating at full tilt .
( Automatics have a piece of hardware called a park pawl , which prevents the transmission from actually engaging park and locking the wheels at speed — it creates a disturbing grinding sound , but the car essentially coasts freely . )
The Roush had a manual , so you ’d simply depress the clutch .
In either case , power is effectively kept from the wheels and the car will be able to brake with its usual undiminished vigor , engine racing or not .
Turn It Off
Switching off the ignition is a sure way to silence an engine , but it ’s probably the least desirable action because it will also make the car more difficult to maneuver .
It causes a loss of power - steering assist , plus it will cut off vacuum boost for the brakes .
The new wrinkle here : the keyless , push - button start - and - stop systems in many vehicles .
Owners need to be aware that these systems require a long press of the button to shut off power when the car is moving ( so that an inadvertent touch of the button by the driver does n’t kill the engine ) .
Here , too , the Toyota was slightly behind the curve ; the Infiniti ’s engine shut down after a 2.5 - second press of the button versus 3.3 seconds for the Camry .
In an emergency , that would probably feel like an eternity .
For some perspective , if a V - 6 Camry ’s throttle became stuck at 60 mph , the car would accelerate to nearly 80 mph before the engine would surrender .
Furthermore , short , frantic pressing of the Toyota ’s start / stop button — the probable response in an emergency — does nothing , whereas the Infiniti kills the engine after three rapid - fire presses .
Conclusion
In the end , though , we found no major deficiencies with the Camry ’s ability to defuse an unintended - acceleration situation .
But the No. 1 automaker could learn a few lessons from the competition here — namely a throttle cutoff and a more responsive push - button ignition .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
It 's not for lack of will .
It 's not for lack of power .
It 's not even for lack of money .
Washington can never effectively " reform " healthcare for one simple reason .
The healthcare industry runs on fake prices .
On any given day each of us makes a diverse array of price decisions .
On rare occasions , like buying a car or a house , we haggle .
Most often we simply decide to buy this or maybe that or instead save for a rainy day .
We make these choices based on knowledge unique to our own situation .
Should I replace that moth eaten sweater my girlfriend hates ?
If I splurge on steak tonight does that mean Ramen noodles tomorrow ?
You cannot answer questions like this for somebody else .
Every purchase decision is a vote .
Add them up and hundreds of millions of votes are cast every day .
Each is based on a balancing of desires , means , and personal knowledge possessed by no one but each buyer .
Our votes not only tell sellers what to make but when to ship how many where , what color they should be , and how much to charge .
Sellers that get it right win our votes and thrive .
Sellers that do n't disappear .
Every day is Election Day .
There 's no need to wait four years to throw bums out .
Business works the same way , only with more haggling .
Prices and the information they communicate are the nervous system of any market .
Complex supply chains sprout , evolve , and die as every player in the chain responds to the price signals he can see .
These signals tell businesses how much to pay for inputs , what to charge for outputs , when to take risks , where to best innovate , and when it 's time to take a hike .
If any link in a supply chain consistently loses money the chain breaks and a new one forms .
Or not , in the case of buggy whips .
When it comes to running an economy , votes in Congress mean nothing compared to the votes of consumers and producers .
Replace the votes of hundreds of millions of buyers and sellers with the votes of a few hundred Congressmen and what do you get ?
You get our healthcare system - a market whose nervous system has been paralyzed .
Imagine the world 's smartest food expert with access to the best culinary research trying to decide what the right price is for a ham sandwich .
Once the price is set , that 's it - selling a ham sandwich for more or less is against the law .
Oh , and homeless people get free ham sandwiches .
Refuse to serve them and you lose your deli license .
Laughable , is n't it ?
Just imagine the mess freezing prices would create up and down the supply chain that makes it possible for us to walk into a deli and order lunch .
Regulations would have to specify what qualifies as a proper ham sandwich .
Inspectors , accountants and lawyers would have to be roped into service to monitor compliance .
Activists would picket if paying customers got fresh sandwiches and the homeless got stale leftovers .
Ham sandwiches would mysteriously disappear from menus whenever pork belly prices spike .
Are you still laughing ?
So why do n't you laugh when some expert claims he can set the right price for a colonoscopy ?
Healthcare prices are fake , inflexible , and inflated because they are set not by the repeated interactions of buyers and sellers but by opaque acts of collusion between government bureaucrats and special interests .
Even if this system were run by a benevolent genius who happened to set prices exactly " right " - whatever that means - these prices would be obsolete the moment they were published .
This state of affairs has turned the healthcare industry into a staggering zombie .
It took several decades for Medicare price setting to swamp the price signals required to keep the market in balance , but we have clearly passed the tipping point .
Lacking these signals and the constant corrections they engender , 16 % of our economy is flying blind .
Add insurance to the equation , particularly insurance that the public has been encouraged to think of as free stuff paid for by someone else , and the problem only gets worse .
Ca n't we fix these problems by fixing insurance regulations ?
Contrary to popular belief , insurance companies love regulation .
Regulation eliminates both business risk and pesky competitors .
" Reforming " the insurance industry is not going to eliminate pricing dysfunctions , although it may eliminate insurance companies .
Who cares , you say ?
Would n't we be better off using all those insurance industry profits to pay for healthcare ?
One small problem .
If you took all the profits that all the health insurance companies made in 2009 and used them to pay for medical care in 2010 you would cover the country 's medical bills for ... two days .
Then what ?
Even if there were complete bipartisan comity , it is not possible for Congress to " reform " a system whose fundamental price signaling mechanisms are thoroughly broken .
Howling politicians can only run up the tab as they lurch from one crisis to the next .
January 14 , 2010
A VIDEO released last week shows how a routine traffic stop by local police for a dragging muffler last November turned into a nightmare for Melvin Jones III .
Jones , an African American and resident of Springfield , Mass. , was pulled over on November 27 -- and ended up in the hospital with severe injuries to his face , after he was beaten by Jeffrey Asher , a white police officer with a history of brutality against African Americans .
The video , which was posted online , was only just released after being quietly held " in the hands of law enforcement and city officials for several weeks , " according to Masslive.com / The Republican newspaper .
It shows Asher striking Jones , who was unarmed , repeatedly with a flashlight , at least 18 times , according to my count .
Although not visible on tape after that point , it appears that police continued to beat Jones , since a bystander can be heard to exclaim , " They 're still ... they 're beating him with the flashlight . "
A woman , possibly his companion Malika Barnett , the driver of the car , can be heard yelling , " Please do n't " and one of the officers apparently called Jones a " nigger " - - a male bystander can be heard saying " Somebody called him a fucking nigger . "
Melvin Jones III after being beaten by Springfield , Mass. , police
The arc of the light and the loud , sickening " thwack " from each blow of the flashlight suggest that Asher was hitting Jones , who was being restrained by multiple white officers , with full force .
Asher resumes hitting Jones multiple times , for a total of at least four separate stretches of beatings .
While an injured , possibly unconscious Jones is lying motionless on the ground , surrounded by six police officers , one of the officers yells , likely about Barnett , " Fuck her , lock her up , too ! "
Finally , paramedics arrive to take Jones to the hospital .
Jones suffered a broken finger and fractures to the bones in his face , which required reconstructive surgery and left him partially blind in one eye .
According to Masslive.com , " Jones is charged with three counts of felony narcotics possession , resisting arrest and assault and battery on a police officer .
The police report of the incident says the struggle ensued when Jones , who acted suspiciously during a traffic stop on Rifle Street , attempted to flee and then grabbed one of the officer 's guns .
The report states that Asher struck Jones with his flashlight in order to ' disorientate him ' as the officers attempted to take him into custody . "
What you can do Call the Springfield , Mass. , Police Department at 413-787-6322 or e-mail them at [ email protected ] to demand that they open a public and transparent investigation into the conduct of Jeffrey Asher and the other officers involved in the beating of Melvin Jones III , and take further steps to address police brutality .
Call Springfield Mayor Dominic J. Sarno's office at 413-787-6000 and demand that the mayor address the pattern of brutality , racism and unaccountability of the Springfield Police Department by establishing an elected , representative civilian review board with the power to discipline police officers .
For more information on protests and activities in this campaign , call Holly Richardson of ARISE for Social Justice at 413-348-8234 .
But this conflicts with the video evidence showing Asher repeatedly hitting Jones while Jones is surrounded by several officers , apparently restrained .
What 's more , Masslive reported , the police report " does n't indicate any injuries to the officers . "
Jones ' father , Melvin Jones Jr. , told Masslive.com , " The way they wrote the report is not the way the video shows it , and it's not the way that it was told to me by various people who were witnesses . "
Jones Jr. continued , " They beat him like a wild animal ... I counted 17 or 18 times they clubbed him with that flashlight .
Those officers have no regard for human life . "
THIS ISN'T the first time that Officer Jeffrey Asher , who is under internal investigation for this incident , has been accused of brutality against African Americans .
Nor is it the first time that other officers of the Springfield Police Department have been involved in cases of racist attacks on African American residents .
According to Masslive.com , Asher , who was president of his class at the police academy , was accused of beating Michael J. Cuzzone after the man 's friend got into an argument with Asher 's father .
The city settled with Cuzzone for $ 75,000 .
In 1997 , Asher " was caught on videotape " ( as shown here in local news footage ) kicking Roy Parker , another African American victim who was brutalized while he was already handcuffed and held down by other officers .
Asher was " cleared of any criminal wrongdoing by a judge who said he had used reasonable force , " according to Masslive.com .
While he was " suspended for one year and ordered to undergo sensitivity training ... a labor arbitrator later reduced Asher 's suspension from 12 to six months and awarded him about $ 20,000 in back pay " saying he'd been punished " too harshly , " the Web site reported .
In 2004 , Asher was among four white police officers who beat Douglas Greer , a Black charter school principal , as he suffered a diabetic attack in his car at a Springfield gas station .
According to a 2004 article in The Republican , " a man who said he witnessed the incident told investigators ... that he saw police officers beating Greer with a chrome flashlight . "
The Police Commission voted 3 - 2 to find " no probable cause to pursue disciplinary action against " against Asher and the other officers .
The City of Springfield settled a civil lawsuit with Greer in 2007 for $ 180,000 .
In addition to Asher , one of the officers accused of beating Greer was " James L. Shewchuck , accused of helping to organize a support party for another officer ultimately cleared in the fatal shooting of a Black motorist who was driving a van falsely reported stolen in 1994 , " Masslive.com reported .
The party was for Officer Donald Brown , who was accused of shooting to death Benjamin Schoolfield , an unarmed 20 - year - old Black man .
The charges against Brown were dropped , as well -- and the city later settled with Schoolfield 's family for $ 700,000 .
According to a 1994 New York Times article , the Western Massachusetts Order of Black Officers stated that " during the party last month , a ham was presented to [ Brown ] ... a ritual gift of Old South vigilantes . "
Rev. Benjamin F. Chavis Jr.-- then the executive director of the NAACP -- told the Times that he heard of the ritual when he was growing up in eastern North Carolina .
" It 's something that white vigilantes would be rewarded with sometimes for committing acts of racial violence , " Chavis said .
According to the Times , invitations to the party that were posted at police headquarters read : " Congratulate Don on a job well done ( Keep up the good work ) . "
So Asher is only one high - profile member of a police force that has a long history of wrongdoing and a disturbing culture of tolerance for -- if not outright support of -- racist violence against African Americans .
For over a month -- until Masslive.com published the video of the assault last week -- city and police officials in Springfield , who had the video , made no mention of it or the investigation .
This lack of transparency is consistent with the city 's pattern of keeping violent , racist cops on the streets , choosing to spend hundreds of thousands of taxpayers ' dollars to settle with victims and their families rather than firing cops like Asher and Brown when they beat -- or in the latter case , kill -- African American residents who they claim to " protect and serve . "
The beating of Melvin Jones III by Springfield police is yet another reminder that institutional racism is alive and well in the U.S. -- and that police and government officials are unwilling to take concrete steps to reign in police officers who terrorize Black communities .
Too often , African American victims of police brutality end up dead at the hands of police who are not held accountable for their actions .
Amadou Diallo , Sean Bell and Oscar Grant III are examples of police killings of Black people thrust into the national spotlight because activists refused to allow their deaths to go unnoticed .
According to a 2006 United Nations Human Rights Committee report , " The ' War on Terror ' has created a generalized climate of impunity for law enforcement officers , and contributed to the erosion of what few accountability mechanisms exist for civilian control over law enforcement agencies .
As a result , police brutality and abuse persist unabated and undeterred across the country . "
MASSLIVE.COM reported that Police Commissioner William J. Fitchet -- who has had sole discretion to discipline officers involved in incidents of brutality since the abolition of the Police Commission in 2005 - - told 150 outraged community members at a forum on Friday , " We will get to the truth ... you have got to have faith . "
But some Springfield residents are n't taking Fitchet at his word , understanding that unless they take action , Springfield police will continue to terrorize African Americans .
On January 11 , about 30 people gathered in front of the Federal building in downtown Springfield to demand justice for Melvin Jones III and call for an end to police brutality .
The rally was called by ARISE for Social Justice and joined by members of Out Now , a local LGBTQ youth group ; the International Socialist Organization ; and Western Mass .
Copwatch .
Behzad Samimi , a Springfield resident , connected the beating of Jones to the charges against Jason Vassell , an African American former University of Massachusetts student , who faces decades behind bars if convicted of charges stemming from his self - defense against two white men who attacked him in his dorm room while yelling racial slurs .
" It 's a travesty of justice when a victim of a hate crime faces prison while repeat offenders are encouraged and get away with it , over and over , " Samimi said .
" All of these instances of racial profiling and hate crimes are connected ... We the community must speak up and demand accountability and transparency . "
Holly Richardson of ARISE , who organized the protest , said that beyond calling for the firing of officer Asher , protesters are demanding " a real , transparent civilian police review board " with the power to discipline police officers when they commit acts of brutality .
Currently , " the board can only make recommendations , and they conduct their meetings behind closed doors , " Richardson said .
" The police end up monitoring themselves , which is never effective . "
Richardson said ARISE and its allies plan to continue organizing to keep pressure on the city to hold Asher and the other officers accountable , address the issue of police brutality and " get at the root cause , which is institutionalized racism . "
Shortly after the rally , Fitchet and Mayor Dominic Sarno announced guidelines for a " new civilian police commission " that , " if approved , it will have disciplinary authority . "
This is a step in the right direction , although it remains to be seen if this commission will be representative of those targeted by police brutality , and how transparent and effective it will be in practice .
However , even if it is all of these things , it wo n't be nearly enough .
None of the officers on the scene at the beating of Melvin Jones III can be seen on the tape making any attempt to stop Asher .
Greater civilian oversight is welcome , but further steps are needed to address the racist culture of the Springfield Police Department .
The announcement from the mayor and the police commissioner shows that the city is on the defensive and will grant reforms if pressured .
That they waited over a month to take action , and only did so after the tape became public and the community responded with outrage shows that continued pressure is necessary to hold city and police officials accountable .
Voters in California will likely decide this November whether or not to legalize marijuana , after legalization activists handed in far more than the necessary number of petition signatures to get the measure onto the ballot .
Organizers of the Regulate , Control and Tax Cannabis Act of 2010 filed some 700,000 petition signatures with county clerks around the state .
The amount of signatures needed to get the measure on the ballot is about 433,000 , reports the San Francisco Chronicle , so the measure is all but certain to be on the ballot in November .
ADVERTISEMENT
If California voters approve , it will be the most comprehensive reform of marijuana laws ever undertaken in the United States .
While some states , such as Oregon , have relatively lax penalties for possession , no state has attempted to regulate and tax the herb before .
The measure ’s chances are good : A poll taken last April found that 56 percent of Californians want to see the herb legalized and taxed .
According to the L.A.
Times , the measure would make it legal for anyone over 21 to own an ounce or less of pot , and to grow pot for personal use in a space no larger than 25 square feet .
It would also give cities the right to license marijuana growers and sellers , and to collect taxes on the crop .
One of the major talking points that the pro-legalization crowd has used has been finances .
California ’s government is facing a deep , prolonged budget crisis , and legalization proponents have argued that the revenue generated by taxing marijuana would bring an estimated $ 1.3 billion into state and municipal coffers .
Richard Lee , a medical marijuana entrepreneur from Oakland who is the principal backer of the movement , told the L.A .
Times he plans to raise $ 10 million to $ 15 million to fight the legalization campaign .
And Lee ’s opponents are already beginning to line up to oppose the measure .
ADVERTISEMENT
” We ’re going to talk about blood money , about trying to raise taxes on the backs of our youth , ” Bishop Ron Allen , head of the International Faith Based Coalition , told the Associated Press .
Another obstacle will be the conflict between state and federal law .
Even if California passes the measure , marijuana will still be illegal under federal statutes .
In an editorial this month , the L.A. Times argued :
Cannabis may be the nation ’s largest cash crop , but marijuana remains a Schedule I drug , deemed by the federal government to have a high potential for abuse , no accepted medical value and illegal to use under all circumstances .
Perhaps Californians have been emboldened by their pioneering role in legalizing medicinal marijuana , but in truth , the conflict between state and federal law has had serious consequences for users and distributors caught in the federal web .
ADVERTISEMENT
But , in a rebuttal , Tamar Todd argued that “ there is nothing in the US Constitution that requires states to criminalize anything .
We could scrap our entire penal code tomorrow if we wanted to .
States get to decide state law , not Washington . ”
And Jacob Sullum at Reason.com argues that , while the feds may still want to enforce federal marijuana laws in California , they wo n’t have the resources to prosecute cases that were previously handled by state authorities .
Claim : Bottled water giant Evian named its product as a sly dig at consumers .
FALSE
Origins :
We like to look for hidden meanings in everyday products , resulting in many of us finding the Evian ‘ secret ’ and having a good chuckle over it .
“ Evian ” is “ naive ” spelled backwards , a fact that tickles
our funny bone when we consider how much a bottle of this liquid costs and ponder what any sensible person would think of anyone willing to pay for it .
In a society where tap water can be had for free , those who do n’t purchase bottled water ( or those who buy one of the many cheaper
brands ) are amused by the millions of folks are willing — nay , frantic — to pay a couple of bucks for a bottle of Evian , which is nothing more than water drawn from the Cachat Spring near Lake Geneva .
The company that brought Evian water to market began as a small glassworks operation and grew to become the world ’s biggest maker of dairy products and bottled water , taking its name from the town the spring was situated in , Evian - les - Bains .
So , while “ evian ” is certainly “ naive ” spelled backwards , the choice of appellation was not dictated by a desire to take a meanspirited swipe at foolheaded consumers .
Evian is n’t the first product whose name has been looked askance at , nor the first to be believed a coded slam at the very people the product was being marketed to .
Troop Clothing bore the slur that it was an acronym taken from the phrase “ To Rule Over Oppressed People , ” a name supposedly chosen by its Ku Klux Klan owners who were tricking African - Americans into lining the KKK ’s pockets .
In a somewhat similar vein , popular clothier The Gap was said to have derived its name from initialisms of the phrase “ Gay and Proud . ”
Barbara “ evian had better not come up with a new line of waters called Rekcus ” Mikkelson
Last updated : 2 June 2011
Sources :
You want to learn Russian but do n't know how to start ?
Here is a selection of lessons which will help you to start .
calling all readers
Please Donate
" There are magazines worth reading but few worth saving . . .
Touchstone is just such a magazine . "
— Alice von Hildebrand
" Here we do not concede one square millimeter of territory to falsehood , folly , contemporary sentimentality , or fashion .
We speak the truth , and let God be our judge .
. . .
Touchstone is the one committedly Christian conservative journal . "
— Anthony Esolen , Touchstone senior editor
Support Touchstone
Nancy Folbre is an economics professor at the University of Massachusetts , Amherst .
On Oct. 27 , the United Steelworkers announced an agreement with Mondragon International to move toward establishment of manufacturing cooperatives in the United States and Canada .
Maybe this agreement represents a symbolic gesture that will not generate any significant economic benefits .
Maybe it represents a step in the evolution of a new institutional form for the modern manufacturing firm .
It certainly represents a new direction for the American labor movement .
The United Steelworkers is the largest industrial union in the United States , with 1.2 million workers .
Its ranks have been devastated by the decline in domestic steel production , and it now represents workers in a variety of industries , including health and education .
With almost 100,000 workers , the Mondragon Cooperative Corporation ( M.C.C. ) is the seventh largest business group in Spain and the world ’s largest workers ’ cooperative .
Its diverse enterprises , including manufacturing firms , a university , retail shops and financial institutions , are not only worker - owned ; they are also democratically managed on the principle of one worker , one vote .
Unions have long been suspicious of worker - ownership proposals intended to co-opt organizing campaigns or as last - ditch efforts to rescue failing companies .
But unions also have a long history of collaboration with worker co-ops , based on a broad set of shared values — commitments to democracy and solidarity .
And worker ownership represents an alternative to ineffectual collective bargaining .
If an industry makes money producing something of lasting value , workers want to bargain for a larger share of the pie .
If an industry moves jobs overseas or pursues short - run financial profit , there may be no local pie to bargain over .
The United Steelworkers ’ leadership has long been critical of business as usual in the United States .
The union helped found a Blue - Green Alliance in collaboration with the Sierra Club and other environmental groups , and strongly supports greater public spending on energy conservation and sustainable energy technology .
The proposed Mondragon collaboration grew out of a United Steelworkers partnership with a Spanish wind turbine firm , Gamesa , to refit steel plants in Pennsylvania for wind - turbine manufacture .
Mondragon could provide the organizational expertise and help raise the venture capital necessary to expand such initiatives .
Expansion of worker - owned enterprises could potentially increase the demand for skilled manufacturing workers in so - called “ green jobs . ”
Why not just sit back and wait for conventional investors ?
Firms that aim only to maximize shareholder profit may be slow to move into risky investments that promise a high social as well as private rate of return .
Such firms do n’t stand to gain financially by improving the environment or creating local jobs .
Can worker cooperatives successfully expand in this day and age ?
This question is harder to answer .
Commitments to democracy and solidarity can be frayed by the sharp edge of economic reality .
But co-ops may be better than conventional firms at riding out hard times , and Mondragon has proved remarkably resilient .
The announcement of the steelworkers ’ initiative sent me scurrying into economics textbooks and journal articles to ferret out research on these issues .
I ’ll report on that venture next week , perhaps from the nearby Leverett - Shutesbury Village Co-op coffee shop .
Appearing on CNN ’s Larry King Live Wednesday night , Vice President Joe Biden took personal credit on behalf of the Obama Administration for a liberated Iraq – with no mention that had President Obama ’s wishes won the day back when the Iraq invasion took place in 2003 , the oppressive Saddam Hussein would still be in power .
Calling himself “ very optimistic ” about Iraq and giving no credit to President George W. Bush for sending in U.S. forces against Saddam , the vice president said , “ I mean , this could be one of the great achievements of this administration .
You ’re going to see 90,000 American troops come marching home by the end of the summer .
You ’re going to see a stable government in Iraq that is actually moving toward a representative government . ”
Biden was not shy about highlighting his own role in the success story .
“ I ’ve been there 17 times now , ” he told King .
“ I go about every two months , three months .
I know every one of the major players in all the segments of that society .
It ’s impressed me .
I ’ve been impressed how they have been deciding to use the political process rather than guns to settle their differences . ”
When Congress in the fall of 2002 voted to endorse President Bush ’s invasion of Iraq , then - Illinois State Sen. Barack Obama opposed the measure , which included Saddam ’s “ brutal repression ” of Iraqis in its list of reasons for the U.S. to act .
On top of that , until July of 2008 the Obama presidential campaign website stated that “ The surge is not working , ” referring to President Bush sending tens of thousands of new troops to Iraq beginning in February , 2007 , and transferring command to counter - insurgency expert Gen. David Petraeus .
In 2002 , then - Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Biden voted in favor of Bush ’s invasion of Iraq , calling Saddam Hussein “ a long term threat and a short term threat to our national security . ”
At the time , Biden stressed , “ We have no choice but to eliminate the threat .
This is a guy who is an extreme danger to the world . ”
And Biden concluded , “ He must be dislodged from his weapons or dislodged from power . ”
Appearing on NBC’s Meet the Press in April of 2007 , Biden said the reason he supported Bush ’s going to war to remove Saddam was that “ I believed he had the ability to acquire a tactical nuclear weapon — not by building it ; by purchasing it .
I also believed he was a threat in that … every single , solitary UN resolution which he agreed to abide by … after we kicked him out of Kuwait , he was violating . ”
But in the same interview , Biden said his support for invading Iraq was a mistake : “ I regret having had the — believed that this [ Bush ] administration had any competence … if I ’d known that they were going to , once they used it , be so incompetent in the using of it , I would have never ever , ever given them the authority . ”
Biden also insisted in the same 2007 interview that the U.S. could not finish the job in Iraq without an international summit of Mideast nations .
He said , “ we have to decentralize , not centralize this government .
We ’ve got to get the world community in on owning part of this , by calling an international conference to put pressure on the regional powers . ”
According to the Joe Biden of less than three years ago , “ If we do n’t do those two things , I do n’t see a happy ending to this whole undertaking .
We may be forced into a position where there ’s no option , at some point , to withdraw and try to contain the chaos . ”
Apparently , all it took to turn that dismal outlook rosy was a year of Biden “ providing sustained , high level focus for the administration on Iraq policy , ” as the Obama White House website describes his role , and now Iraq has been transformed from “ chaos ” to possibly “ one of the great achievements ” of the Obama Administration , according to the vice president .
© 2020 Newsmax .
All rights reserved .
According to technophiles , experts , and that whispering voice in your head , 2010 will be the year that augmented reality makes a breakthrough .
In case you do n't know , " augmented reality " is the rather quotidian title given to a smart , gizmo - specific type of software that takes a live camera feed from the real world and superimposes stuff on to it in real time .
Being a gadget designed for people who'd rather look at a screen than the real world , the iPhone inevitably plays host to several examples of this sort of thing .
Download the relevant app , hold your iPhone aloft and gawp in astonishment as it magically displays live footage of the actual world directly in front of you – just like the real thing but smaller , and with snazzy direction signs floating over it .
You might see a magic hand pointing in the direction of the nearest Starbucks , for instance – a magic hand that repositions itself as you move around .
It 's incredibly useful , assuming you 'd prefer to cause an almighty logjam by shuffling slowly along the pavement while staring into your palm than stop and ask a fellow human being for directions .
The Nintendo DSi has a built - in camera with a " fun mode " that can recognise the shape of a human face , and superimpose pig snouts or googly eyeballs and the like over your friends ' visages when you point it at them .
You can then push a button and save these images for posterity .
For a while , it 's genuinely amusing ( " Look !
It 's dad with a pair of zany computerised bunny ears sprouting from the top his head .
Ha ha ha ! " ) , until you realise there are only about six different options , two of which involve amusing glasses .
If you could customise the options , you could make it automatically beam a Hitler moustache on to everyone in sight , which would improve baby photos a hundredfold – but you can't customise the options , probably for precisely that reason .
You could print the picture out and draw the Hitler moustache on yourself with a marker pen , but that would n't be very 2010 .
But while current examples of augmented reality might sound a tad underwhelming , the future possibilities are limitless .
The moment they find a way of compressing the technology into a pair of lightweight spectacles , and the floating signs and bunny ears are layered directly over reality itself , the floodgates are open and you might as well tear your existing eyes out and flush them down the bin .
My goggles would visually transform homeless people
Years ago , I had an idea for a futuristic pair of goggles that visually transformed homeless people into lovable animated cartoon characters .
Instead of being confronted by the conscience - pricking sight of an abandoned heroin addict shivering themselves to sleep in a shop doorway , the rich city - dweller wearing the goggles would see Daffy Duck snoozing dreamily in a hammock .
London would be transformed into something out of Who Framed Roger Rabbit .
What 's more , the goggles could be adapted to suit whichever level of poverty you wanted to ignore : by simply twisting a dial , you could replace not just the homeless but anyone who receives benefits , or wears cheap clothes , or has a regional accent , or watches ITV , and so on , right up the scale until it had obliterated all but the most grandiose royals .
At the time this seemed like a sick , far - off fantasy .
By 2013 , it 'll be just another customisable application you can download to your iBlinkers for 49 p , alongside one that turns your friends into supermodels and your enemies into dormice .
And do n't go thinking augmented reality is going to be content with augmenting what you see .
It 's a short jump from augmented vision ( your beergut 's vanished and you 've got a nice tan ) , to augmented audio ( constant reactive background music that makes your entire life sound more like a movie ) , to augmented odour ( break wind and it smells like a casserole ) , and augmented touch ( what concrete bench ?
It feels like a beanbag ) .
Eventually , painful sensations such as extreme temperature and acute physical discomfort could be remixed into something more palatable .
With skilful use of technology , dying in a blazing fireball could be rendered roughly half as traumatic as , say , slightly snagging a toenail while pulling off a sock .
Some people will say there 's something sinister and wrong about all of this .
They 'll claim it 's better to look at actual people and breathe actual air .
But then they 've never lived in Reading .
And anyway , even if they 're right , we 'll all ignore them anyway , because the software will automatically filter them out the moment they open their mouths .
In other words , over the coming years we 're all going to be willingly submitting to the Matrix , injecting our eyes and ears with digital hallucinogens until there 's no point even bothering to change our pants any more .
Frightening ?
No .
In fact , I 'll scarcely notice .
Remember that scene in Fantasia where Mickey Mouse , as the sorcerer 's apprentice , is besieged by a never - ending army of brooms inundating him with pail upon pail of water ?
That 's sort of like what 's happening these days at the vital statistics department of the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment -- though instead of pails of water , the office is being inundated with crates upon crates of medical - marijuana patient applications .
The number of medical marijuana applications the state received last Tuesday ?
A whopping 1,650 -- an all - time record , says state registrar Ron Hyman , who oversees the applications .
That 's a mind - blowing figure , especially considering that the total application number had barely crested 5,000 at the start of 2009 .
And that day was far from a fluke .
" We 're completely buried , " says Hyman .
It 's impossible to know just how many marijuana applications in total the state 's been receiving lately ;
Hyman 's office , way overburdened , just wrapped up processing the applications from September and posted statistical information from that month online : a total of 19,691 patient applications had been received by the end of that month , with 3,000 coming in September alone .
Since then , the numbers have only gotten bigger .
To handle it all , Hyman 's requesting the legislature find funds to expand his staff beyond its three permanent and three temporary employees , borrowing money from vital statistics to cover costs ; he 's also looking around his workplace for " some storage rooms we can borrow from other programs to store some of the mail in . "
Occasionally , he also has to fend off complaints from the post office about all its added work , since most of the applications are certified and registered mail -- meaning the postal service has to track it all .
Hyman tries to stay optimistic : " I figure there are only five million people in Colorado , so eventually I 'll get to the end of my work . "
Until all those applications have to be renewed , that is .
Over the holidays , a New Jersey court issued an order requiring upstream providers to shut down three anti-H1 - B websites that is deeply dangerous and wrong .
The order not only tries to remove allegedly defamatory messages but also requires a complete shutdown of the websites and even purports to require the cooperation of the hosting companies and domain registrars of the websites to do so and for other service providers to identify anonymous speakers .
The plaintiff in the lawsuit , Apex Technology Group , is a staffing and consulting services company .
Apex describes itself as " delivering sophisticated technology - enabled solutions to maximize complex business needs . "
The dispute apparently started when someone uploaded a document purporting to be an Apex employment agreement to docstoc.com , and noted several terms the poster considered unfair to H1 - B workers ( copy of original post ) .
The H - 1B is a non-immigrant visa that allows U.S. employers to temporarily employ foreign workers in specialty occupations .
The defendant websites allegedly linked to this post and document , and Apex demanded its removal .
Curiously , Apex simultaneously claimed that the document defamed them and that they were its copyright owners .
This is unusual , since people rarely defame themselves with their own copyrighted works .
The document and the surrounding controversy prompted further heated discussion in which the websites allegedly accused Apex of being a “ bodyshop " that engaged in bad practices while employing H1 - B visa workers from India .
According to papers
Apex filed with the court , at least one website claimed that its members provided evidence of widespread visa and labor fraud by Apex , which they apparently reported to the government .
Apex denies any wrongdoing .
Rather than responding to the substance of the criticisms , Apex took the matter to court to try to remove them from the internet .
On December 23 , Judge James Hurley issued a prior restraint against endh1b.com , itgrunt.com and guestworkerfraud.com , ordering the websites to remove all postings about Apex Technology Group or its President , Sarvesh Kumar Dharayan , until further order of the court .
The court also ordered the sites ’
ISPs / domain name registrars ( DiscountASP.NET , GoDaddy.com , Domains By Proxy and Network Solutions ) to stop hosting and “ immediately shut down and disable ” the websites .
Finally , the order requires the ISPs to provide identity information about their customers .
This order dangerously overreaches .
By restricting access to entire websites , it places a prior restraint on all of the speech on the websites , even if that speech is unrelated to Apex or Mr. Dharayan .
Imagine if a court could order Amazon.com or Yelp.com shut down because of a disparaging review of a single product .
Prior restraints are improper in cases such as this due to the obvious First Amendment problems they pose .
Courts limit such injunction to the rare circumstances when ( 1 ) the activity to be restrained poses either a clear and present danger or a serious and imminent threat to a protected competing interest , ( 2 ) the order is narrowly drawn and ( 3 ) less restrictive alternatives are not available .
Instead , damages are the preferred sanction for defamatory speech .
Here , Apex says it is not even seeking damages .
And even if Apex had a valid defamation claim , the wholesale shutdown of a website is not a narrow remedy for a few allegedly defamatory postings .
The New Jersey court ’s overreaching order shutting down these websites also is inconsistent with federal law to the extent that it holds service providers to account for user posts .
Among other claims ,
Apex complains about several postings by a anonymous posters that were " allowed to remain public " on Apex ’s comment sections .
Yet , section 230 of the federal Communications Decency
Act protects websites that host content posted by users , providing immunity for a website from state law claims ( like defamation ) based on the publication of " information provided by another information content provider . "
Additionally , the order has troubling implications about the longstanding constitutional right to anonymous speech .
In fact , New Jersey was one of the first jurisdictions to apply the right to anonymous speech to the Internet , rendering a decision that has been widely followed over the last decade .
Nevertheless , the court ordered Comcast , Yahoo and Facebook to provide identifying information on the anonymous speakers despite the fact that neither the speakers nor the service providers where present at the hearing .
Comcast , which is covered by the Cable Privacy Act , was to provide 14 days for the user to challenge the order , while Yahoo and Facebook were ordered to provide the information in 5 days ( over the Christmas weekend ) , without a provision for challenging the order .
Facebook has stood up to the order and has not provided the requested information .
Ordinarily , in order to safeguard this First Amendment right , a litigant seeking to unmask an anonymous speaker would need to obtain a subpoena from an appropriate court ( i.e. Santa Clara county in California for Yahoo ) and serve the service provider .
Then the service provider would provide adequate notice to the user , and the user could move to quash the subpoena , asserting whatever defenses the user may have .
These procedures are vital to protecting speech rights , and it was inappropriate and unnecessary for the New Jersey court to short - cut that process , especially over a holiday period when its is all the more difficult to obtain emergency legal assistance .
Finally , it was wrong for the court to require the upstream providers to unplug the website .
Under New Jersey law , injunctions should only reach those who engage in " active concert or participation " with the person who acted wrongly .
There ’s no indication that the upstream providers or domain name registrars for the websites even knew about the postings in question , much less acted in " active concert " with them .
Requiring domain name registrars to turn off websites in litigation about the website is a tactic that has already been rejected .
The New Jersey court order is therefore wrong in at least four ways : ( 1 ) it creates a prior restraint that takes down too much speech , ( 2 ) it wrongly punishes websites for the speech of their commenters , ( 3 ) it wrongly requires the identification of anonymous speakers without sufficient opportunity to challenge the disclosure , and ( 4 ) it wrongly enlists out - of - jurisdiction upstream providers who did not act in concert with the websites in taking down speech .
We hope the parties and the upstream and domain name hosts involved will seek to overturn it .
Ju-Hee So , North Carolina State University
FROM radios and mobiles phones to wireless - networking gear and satellite - navigation devices , antennas are everywhere .
Yet , despite their ubiquity , they are delicate pieces of equipment .
Civilians , for the most part , take them for granted , but the armed forces know just how easily an antenna can be destroyed in a war zone — with potentially catastrophic consequences .
Now , a technology that allows antennas to bend fluidly and “ self heal ” as they get whacked around in the chaos of war could make using them a great deal easier .
Antennas transmit signals by using an oscillating electrical current in a length of conductive material to generate electromagnetic radiation , such as radio waves .
When receiving they do the opposite , transforming electromagnetic radiation passing through the conductive material into electrical current .
The most common conductive material used is copper .
This , however , has a tendency to snap with only a small amount of punishment .
Michael Dickey , an engineer at North Carolina State University , therefore wondered if a more resilient alternative might be found .
Dr Dickey put together a team of electrical and chemical engineers and , together , they started looking at metals and metal alloys that are soft at room temperature .
The best mix they came up with was an alloy of gallium and indium .
This had all the electrical properties that antennas need to function , but was much more flexible than its copper equivalent .
Indeed , it was more than just flexible .
At room temperature it was actually liquid , and thus flowed when deformed , rather than breaking .
The result , as they report in Advanced Functional Materials , is an antenna that can be housed in variety of covers , appropriate to different uses .
Rigid casings will make the antenna more solid and rubber ones will allow it to stretch like an elastic band .
Moreover , when a liquid antenna is housed in an elastic material it can be tuned in a novel way .
For good reception , the length of an antenna needs to correspond with the wavelength of the radiation it is receiving .
This matching of antenna - length to wavelength is the process known as “ tuning ” .
A traditional antenna does not actually change length , however .
Instead , external circuitry is used to change its effective length .
One of Dr Dickey 's rubber - coated antennas , though , can be tuned by stretching the antenna itself .
Besides being useful in the military applications that stimulated the project , Dr Dickey thinks this flexibility might be exploited to make stress - detectors for civil - engineering projects such as dams and bridges .
If lots of flexible antennas attached to small radio sets were placed inside a bridge , they would expand or contract along with the bridge and so would constantly retune themselves .
Engineers monitoring the bridge would just need to scan them with radio waves to see which wavelength they responded to , in order to find out what was going on .
Let me recap .
Six months ago I reviewed the latest bit of terrorism to emerge from the government 's Cobra bunker , courtesy of Alan Johnson , home secretary .
Swine flu was allegedly ravaging the nation .
The BBC was intoning nightly statistics on what " could " happen as " the deadly virus " took hold .
The chief medical officer , Sir Liam Donaldson , bandied about any figure that came into his head , settling on " 65,000 could die " , peaking at 350 corpses a day .
Donaldson knew exactly what would happen .
The media went berserk .
The World Health Organisation declared a " six - level alert " so as to " prepare the world for an imminent attack " .
The happy - go - lucky virologist , John Oxford , said half the population could be infected , and that his lowest estimate was 6,000 dead .
The " Andromeda strain " was stalking the earth , and its first victims were clearly scientists .
Drugs were frantically stockpiled and key workers identified as vital to be saved for humanity 's future .
Cobra alerted the army .
Morgues were told to stand ready .
The Green party blamed intensive pig farming .
The Guardian listed " the top 10 plague books " .
If anyone dared question this drivel , they were dismissed by Donaldson as " extremists " .
When people started reporting swine flu to be even milder than ordinary flu , he accused them of complacency and told them to " wait for next winter " .
He was already buying 32 m masks and spending more than £ 1bn on Tamiflu and vaccines .
Surgeries refused entry to those with flu symptoms , referring them to a government " hotline " where prescription drugs were ordered to be made available without examination or doctor 's note .
Who knows how many died of undiagnosed illness as a result ?
Lines were instantly jammed .
It was pure , systematic government - induced panic – in which I accept that the media played its joyful part .
This week the authorities admitted that , far from a winter upturn in swine flu , there has been a slump .
From 100,000 a week at the peak , there were just 12,000 last week .
After the coldest winter for decades , when deaths might be expected to rise , the rate is below that of seasonal flu .
In the UK , 360 people have died under its influence , most with prior " non-flu " conditions .
Swine flu is not nice – I have had it – but bears no ­relation to the government hysteria .
I accept that anyone can make a mistake , and authority has some duty to err on the side of caution .
As Alastair Campbell implied on Tuesday , Iraq might have had weapons of mass destruction , so Blair was right to go to war just in case .
But it is reasonable to ask , as the Chilcot inquiry is doing , why precaution on such a colossal and potentially ­destructive scale was justified when those who questioned the need for it have since been proved right .
Is anyone asking about flu ?
Swine flu is not the first time we have suffered this nonsense .
I have a stack of predictions by senior scientists on BSE / CJD in 1995 .
It would " lead to 136,000 deaths " – a spurious exactitude used to convey plausibility – and " could infect up to 10 million Britons " .
This led to an obscene £ 5 bn campaign of cattle destruction and compensation .
When the prediction proved wildly wrong , the government excused itself with a classic Rumsfeld - ism : " The absence of evidence is not the evidence of absence . "
This was followed by Sars 2003 , a " panic gripping the world " .
The World Health Organisation declared that " One in four Britons could die " .
The medical doom - monger , Dr Patrick Dixon , said that Sars had " a 25 % chance of killing tens of millions " , whatever that meant .
The madcap
Tory health spokesman , Liam Fox , demanded the arrest and quarantining of all recent travellers from Asia , including 30,000 Asian students .
In the event , some 800 people died with Sars worldwide , against 21,000 who died in Britain in the seasonal flu epidemic of 1999 /2000 .
Undaunted , within a year the same alarmists were at work on avian flu .
With now habitual hyperbole , Donaldson predicted 50,000 deaths , with " an upper limit " , graciously conceded , of 750,000 .
When one dead swan slumped on a beach in Scotland , BBC reporters went crazy as inspectors stumbled through the seaweed , clad in anti-nuclear armour .
Within a year the horror had passed .
The global mortality was put at 262 , with not one death in Britain .
Another fiasco was brushed under the carpet .
The Blair government , and now Brown's , have proved adept at using scare politics to divert attention from other troubles .
During foot - and - mouth Blair was quick to don a yellow jumpsuit for photographers and intone as if he alone stood between an illness ( that is in fact harmless to humans ) and armageddon .
This time the swine flu coincided with two other " mystery diseases " , MRSA and C - difficile , which killed 10,000 Britons in 2007 alone .
But those deaths lay squarely at the doors of unclean NHS hospitals .
Hence there were no scary stories or predictions about them from Donaldson .
Donaldson and his eager virologists will doubtless stick loyally to their predictions since it is " too early to be complacent " .
His allies at the BBC did their bit on Wednesday with a Horizon programme that turned a serious study of virology into grotesque scaremongering , with solemn music and voices crying , " there 's no escape " , " this could take a devilish turn " , and " we do n't even know how many viruses there are ! "
Children writhed in agony from smallpox .
Mad scientist syndrome is rampant .
Had these scares been disseminated by a private firm , a local authority or a newspaper ( as was anti-MMR ) , they would be damned from on high with demands that heads roll .
As it is , the government 's Scientific Advisory Group for Emergencies sails gaily on , still graced by the presence of Sir Roy Anderson , who ­happens also to draw a six - figure salary as a non-executive director of GlaxoSmithKline , which made hundreds of millions from the government 's panic .
Anderson , and GSK , vigorously deny any conflict of interest .
The Council of Europe 's head of health , Wolfgang Wodarg , is one of the few who have dared blow the whistle on the links between " Big Pharma " and national and ­supranational agencies .
He this week persuaded the council to stage a debate on the " enormous gains " made by GSK and others from the swine flu pandemic .
He seeks details of relations between the companies and the WHO , given that stockpile contracts kick in the moment that ­organisation uses the word " pandemic " .
It did so for the first time last year , with reckless alacrity .
I am not aware of the WHO or the General Medical Council or any of the medical colleges investigating these matters , or any check on conflicts of interest of government doctors who work for drugs companies .
I am not aware of any Whitehall or Commons committee , any National Audit Office or competition inquiry into the supply of these drugs .
All I know is that a huge amount of health money , time and effort was last year diverted from possibly critical therapies into what looked from the start to be yet more terror virology .
This is why people are ever more sceptical of scientists .
Why should they believe what " experts " say when they can be so wrong and with such impunity ?
Weapons of mass destruction , lethal viruses , nuclear radiation , global warming … why should we believe a word of it ?
And it is a short step from do n't believe to do n't care .
The government will spend $ 30 million on BPA research in humans and animals , to take place over 18 to 24 months , health officials said at a news briefing on Friday .
Dr. Linda Birnbaum , director of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences , said the research would involve potential effects on behavior , obesity , diabetes , reproductive disorders , cancer , asthma , heart disease and effects that could be carried from one generation to the next .
Activists on both sides of the passionately debated issue said they were disappointed in the government ’s action .
The American Chemical Council , which represents companies that make and use BPA , issued a statement saying BPA was safe , praising the health agencies as confirming that there was no proof of harm to people by it , but also saying , “ We are disappointed that some of the recommendations are likely to worry consumers and are not well founded . ”
Diana Zuckerman , president of the National Research Center for Women and Families , said the F.D.A. had not gone far enough , because its recommendations put the responsibility on families and not on companies making products containing BPA .
In addition , Ms. Zuckerman said , the focus on safety should not be limited to children , because studies have linked the chemicals to heart and liver disease and other problems in adults .
Government evaluations of BPA have had a contentious history .
The drug agency wrote a draft report calling it safe in 2008 .
But shortly after that , the National Toxicology Program , part of the National Institutes of Health , said BPA was cause for “ some concern , ” citing the same issues that the drug agency is now agreeing to : potential effects on the brain , behavior and prostate in fetuses , infants and children .
Then the drug agency asked an independent panel of scientific advisers to review its draft report , and the panel gave it a scathing review .
It accused the F.D.A. of ignoring important evidence and giving consumers a false sense of security about the chemical .
The drug agency promised to reconsider BPA , and the announcement on Friday fulfilled that pledge .
“ We are for the first time saying we believe there is some concern about the substance ’s safety , and we ’ve closed the gap between N.I.H. and F.D.A. , ” Dr. Sharfstein of the F.D.A. said in an interview .
Posted : 04:10 PM ET
I just met one of the Internet 's most mysterious people : Christopher Poole , the founder of the site 4 chan .
Online he goes by " moot . "
Poole 's image - board site , which he started at age 15 , is known as one of the seedier dens of the Internet .
Many posts on 4 chan are pornographic .
All are anonymous .
And his 7 - million - person community , which he called a " meme factory , " has been blamed ( or credited , depending on your perspective ) for starting the LOLcats and Rickrolling crazes , rallying 7,000 people to protest Scientology , spreading child pornography and taking down social networking pages with floods of hateful comments .
" The site has gotten kind of notorious over the years for being a hotbed for memes and viral kind of activity - and exploits and whatnot , " he said .
According to Poole , it 's also becoming endangered , like a dinosaur of the Web .
Its predator ?
The Facebooks and Googles of the world , which are pushing people to reveal more about their real identities online .
" At this point , I really do stand behind anonymous communities , " Poole said in an interview after a speech here at the TED Conference in Long Beach , California .
" I think they are certainly endangered because we 've just moved more and more towards persistent user identity .
Your online identity lives in like all of like one or three places now .
You 've got a Twitter , you 've got a Facebook .
I guess you used to have a MySpace , So people are just putting loads of information about themselves in these places and we 're becoming very comfortable with sharing very intimate details about our life .
It 's just everything . "
That scares Poole , who is now 22 and a college student in New York - although he would n’t say where .
He is a private person who says he mostly spends his free time online on 4 chan and on news sites .
" If someone called you up on the phone and asked you all of these things [ people post online ] you 'd say ' hell no ' and hang up , " he said .
" But now we 're flooding the Internet with information about ourselves and I think that 's scary .
So I would like to see people push back . "
Poole fell into anonymous posting somewhat out of necessity .
When he founded 4 chan , he was younger than 18 , and he did n't want to get in trouble for spreading pornography , which he would n't legally be allowed to access .
Over time he 's become a sort of advocate for anonymous speech , even though he 's been outed in the media ( He said his dad did n’t know what he was doing with all of the time he was spending on 4 chan until reporters called to talk to him about the site in 2008 ; his parents still do n't really get it , he said ) .
Despite the filth that 's somewhat prevalent on his site , Poole maintains anonymous speech promotes rational discourse that 's more thoughtful than speech that 's attached to a name .
" When you 've got a community with identity , the discussion is mostly revolving around who is saying what and not what they 're saying .
And so those discussions become a criticizing thing .
They become a bandwagon sort of thing , " he said .
" And with the anonymous system you 've got a place where people are uninhibited … You 're getting very truthful conversation .
And you judge somebody by the content of what they 're saying and not their username , not their registration date . "
Posted by : John D. Sutter -- CNN.com writer / producer
Filed under : 4 chan  memes  TED2010
In the worst riverboat gamble in modern political history , the Republican Party is betting that America fails , a bad bet that hands Democrats the narrative to bring a blue comeback in 2010 .
Republicans have so poorly positioned their party that they have a huge political interest in the jobless rate rising and the economy falling .
Good news for America becomes bad news for Republicans .
The problem for Republicans , and their great weakness going into the 2010 elections , is that they are so dominated by right - wing factions , and so obsessed with President Barack Obama failing , they are locked into politics that only succeed if America fails .
Modern Republicanism is Reaganism in reverse .
Reagan projected optimism .
Republicans today project pessimism .
Reagan believed in a big - tent GOP .
Republicans today view moderation as the enemy .
Ronald Reagan would never have allowed his Republican Party to place the big bet on America failing .
I talked on Monday with Lakshman Achuthan , the managing director of the Economic Cycle Research Institute , which has a long history of correctly forecasting major economic turns based on his idea that the great battleship of the American economy moves upward and downward in powerful waves based on turns in the economic cycle .
Achuthan told me " we are now in the strongest economic recovery since the early 1980s that will continue through 2010 . "
He calls this " the Rodney Dangerfield recovery " that he first predicted last spring and now believes is strongly underestimated .
Achuthan believes the jobless numbers already peaked last October and will improve further before Election Day .
The February jobless numbers will be distorted by the weather , but the March numbers , to be reported in early April , could show a significant jobs surge and begin a period of job growth that continues through Election Day .
The worst nightmare for Republicans is the " morning in America " scenario .
They run extreme risks if they continue to obstruct positive change and job creation and are tarred as the " hope America fails " party while jobs are created and growth continues in the months going into Election Day .
President Obama and Democratic leaders should offer true bipartisanship , which means both parties make concessions of value to each other .
But while extending the olive branch , Democrats under sustained partisan and personal attacks from a Republican Party in the iron grip of an extreme right wing should wield the whip in response .
Today many Republicans await every jobs number with the fear that a jobs surge that is great for America is bad for them .
Democrats should run against the " hope America fails " wing of Republicanism and turn antipathy toward Washington against Republicans .
Democrats should run against the abuse of Senate rules that is a direct attack against majority vote in American elections and a direct attack against changes that Americans voted to enforce .
Democrats should run against the hugely unpopular Supreme Court campaign finance decision that large majorities of Democrats , Republicans and independents believe would further corrupt the capital .
The winning narrative for Democrats attacks the party that hopes America fails , while they fight for policies to make America succeed by creating more jobs , lowering drug prices , ending insurance price - fixing and premium rip - offs and forcing Republicans to vote for the tough deficit commission they pretended to support and proceeded to oppose .
The San Francisco Committee on Information Technology has published a new software evaluation policy that requires departments of the city government to consider open source software solutions alongside proprietary commercial offerings .
In a post on Mashable that was published this morning , San Francisco mayor Gavin Newsom says that the city 's ongoing experiments with open source software have been successful at reducing costs .
As one example , he cites the RecoverySF blog , which is built on the open source WordPress platform .
He believes that San Francisco could significantly reduce its IT costs by adopting open source solutions more pervasively .
" Moving forward , there is an opportunity to save millions of dollars in software costs by using open source software .
We are only scratching the surface .
We can and must do more in the face of historic budget deficits .
Our new open source policy requires the City to choose new technology wisely , " he wrote .
Newsom also acknowledges the value of opening city data to the public through APIs .
The city 's DataSF website , which was created last year , has made it possible for independent software developers to produce applications that are useful to residents .
The website has an application showcase with some intriguing examples , including iPhone applications that provide access to details about the city 's mass transit system and a Web application that lets users see a map of recent crimes .
Earlier this week , we reported on an IT policy letter issued by the state of California which affirms that open source software is acceptable for use by government agencies .
It 's likely that San Francisco 's decision to update its own IT procurement policy was influenced by the state 's letter .
Neither policy mandates a preference for open source software .
San Francisco 's policy appears to be a stronger endorsement , however , because it requires consideration of open source solutions , whereas the state policy merely reminds IT purchasers that open source solutions are acceptable for consideration .
" Importantly , and in addition , the administration also is exploring other options that might be available to address concerns with the college football postseason , " Weich wrote , including asking the Federal Trade Commission to review the legality of the BCS under consumer protection laws .
Several lawmakers and many critics want the BCS to switch to a playoff system , rather than the ratings system it uses to determine the teams that play in the championship game .
" The administration shares your belief that the current lack of a college football national championship playoff with respect to the highest division of college football ... raises important questions affecting millions of fans , colleges and universities , players and other interested parties , " Weich wrote .
Weich made note of the fact that President Barack Obama , before he was sworn in , had stated his preference for a playoff system .
In 2008 , Obama said he was going to " to throw my weight around a little bit " to nudge college football toward a playoff system , a point that Hatch stressed when he urged Obama last fall to ask the department to investigate the BCS .
Weich said that other options include encouraging the NCAA to take control of the college football postseason ; asking a governmental or non-governmental commission to review the costs , benefits and feasibility of a playoff system ; and legislative efforts aimed at prompting a switch to a playoff system .
Weich noted that several undefeated teams have not had a chance to play for the national championship , including TCU and Boise State this year and Utah last year .
" This seemingly discriminatory action with regard to revenues and access have raised questions regarding whether the BCS potentially runs afoul of the nation 's antitrust laws , " he wrote .
Hatch , a Utah Republican , was steamed that his home state team was deprived of getting a chance to play for the title last year .
" I'm encouraged by the administration 's response , " he said in a statement .
" I continue to believe there are antitrust issues the administration should explore , but I 'm heartened by its willingness to consider alternative approaches to confront the tremendous inequities in the BCS that favor one set of schools over others .
The current system runs counter to basic fairness that every family tries to instill in their children from the day they are born . "
Under the BCS , the champions of six conference have automatic bids to play in top - tier bowl games , while the other conferences do n't .
Those six conferences also receive more money than the other conferences , although the BCS announced this week that the ones that do n't have automatic bids will receive a record $ 24 million from this year 's bowl games .
" This letter is nothing new and if the Justice Department thought there was a case to be made , they likely would have made it already , " BCS executive director Bill Hancock said in a released statement .
" There is much less to this letter than meets the eye .
The White House knows that with all the serious issues facing the country , the last thing they should do is increase the deficit by spending money to investigate how the college football playoffs are played , " the statement continued .
" With all due respect to Senator Hatch , he is overstating this importance of the letter he received from the Office of Legislative Affairs . "
Information from the Associated Press was used in this report
日本語
Einstein demonstrated that time is relative .
But the rabbit - hole goes much deeper .
Quantum physics discovered that consciousness is entangled in matter in some inexplicable ways ; but other than the very fast , or very small , or very large , we tend to assume our “ ordinary ” reality conforms more to the laws of Newton .
Simple cause and effect unfolding with clockwork constancy — well , it ’s time to shatter this assumption .
Let ’s stop time .
Find a clock with a smooth sweeping second hand .
The one on this page might work , but depending on how much is running on your computer , it may or may not be completely smooth .
If it appears relatively smooth , it will still work , you ’ll be able to factor out what you are controlling .
Click or tap the icon on the top right of the clock to toggle to fullscreen .
After watching the second hand for a bit , look off to the side of the clock , outside of the box , and about 15 to 20 minutes ahead of the second hand .
You should still be able to see the second hand , but you wo n’t be looking directly at it .
Now just relax and see if you can stop the second hand .
If it starts catching up to the point you are looking at , jump ahead to another spot about 20 minutes ahead .
With very little practice you are extremely likely to make a most remarkable discovery .
You can stop time .
Perhaps at first for only a second or two , but with practice , you ’ll be able to freeze it for longer .
If you ca n’t get it right away , try playing with your focus point , move it further away or closer to the frame of the clock .
Or look at one of the hour markers on the clock about 20 to 30 minutes ahead .
After you get it , try counting internally .
The count you reach is the number of discrete thought processes you performed in zero clock time .
Once you ’ve accomplished this amazing feat , what does it mean ?
Some people think it ’s just a simple optical illusion , that they merely stopped seeing the second hand which was actually still moving ( which gets entertaining with banishing incantations of blind spots , foveal vision , saccades and such . )
But if they ask themselves why it started moving again from the point it stopped ( and most wo n’t ) , their explanation does n’t quite pan out .
Some will just dismiss it as a curious blip that does n’t really fit into their radar about “ reality ” and it wo n’t be cause for further concern .
But a few of us will notice the crack between experience and beliefs and want to play .
Does it stop sound at the same time ?
For some people , for others not , which is curiouser still .
Maybe consciousness can be more than a passive observer of this “ constant ” called time ?
To take this experiment further , check out Odin ’s Mind .
( If you are interested in what ’s happening here , check out Why Did Time Stop , the follow - up article . )
BTW , if you are in the market for a clock , we ’ve designed this one , just for fun :
The U.S. military on Wednesday released a freelance Iraqi journalist who had been held without charge for 17 months after telling him more than a year ago that his detention had been “ a mistake , ” the journalist said .
Ibrahim Jassam , a freelance cameraman and photographer for the London - based Reuters news agency , said in a telephone interview that his U.S. interrogators had initially accused him of disseminating material relating to insurgent attacks .
He had been seized in a nighttime raid on his home south of Baghdad in September 2008 .
Jassam denied the charge and , after a couple of months , the U.S. military told him that he “ was captured by mistake , ” he said .
An Iraqi court ordered him released for lack of evidence in November 2008 .
The U.S. military rebutted Jassam ’s claim .
“ Ibrahim Jassam ’s detention was not a mistake , ” said Marine Lt. Col.
Patricia Johnson , spokeswoman for the U.S. military ’s detainee operations .
“ He was detained as a security threat in September 2008 as the result of activity with an insurgent organization .
. . .
There was intelligence evidence against him . ”
The evidence ca n’t be disclosed because it remains classified , she said .
Jassam was released , she said , under the terms of a security agreement that paves the way for the withdrawal of U.S. troops .
The U.S. military has promised to hand over all detainees to the Iraqi government by August 2010 .
“ It was his time to be released , ” Johnson said .
Jassam is the last of several Iraqi journalists to be detained and eventually freed by the U.S. military in the course of the 7 - year - old war .
None has been charged .
Jassam said his captivity had taken a toll .
“ I feel about 15 years older , and it was very painful , ” he said .
“ Now I just want to help the other prisoners who are still in custody , many of whom are innocent . ”
liz.sly@latimes.com
Ahmed is a staff writer in The Times ’ Baghdad Bureau .
DOHA ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama on Saturday named a new special envoy to a top Islamic body to deepen Washington ’s cooperation with the Muslim world .
Obama told a U.S. - Islamic World Forum in the Qatari capital Doha in a recorded video message that he was naming White House official Rashad Hussain as special envoy to the 56 - member Organization of the Islamic Conference .
“ As an accomplished lawyer and a close and trusted member of my White House staff , Rashad has played a key role in developing the partnerships I called for in Cairo , ” Obama said .
In a speech in Cairo last June , Obama called for a “ new beginning ” in ties between the United States and Muslims , many of whom felt targeted by the “ war on terror ” launched by President George W. Bush after the September 11 , 2001 attacks , and by the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
“ Since then , my administration has made a sustained effort to listen .
We ’ve held thousands of events and town halls ... in the United States and around the world ...
And I look forward to continuing the dialogue during my visit to Indonesia next month , ” Obama said .
Obama told Muslims in his June 4 speech in Cairo that violent extremists had exploited tensions between Muslims and the West and that Islam was not part of the problem .
His speech was welcomed by many Muslims , though some said they wanted him to spell out specific actions to resolve long - running problems like the Palestinian - Israeli conflict .
“ And as a hafiz of the Koran , ( Hussain ) is a respected member of the American Muslim community , and I thank him for carrying forward this important work , ” Obama said in his message to the Doha meeting , using the term for someone who has mastered and memorized the Muslim holy book .
In 2008 , President Bush named the first U.S. envoy to the OIC -- Sada Cumber , a Texas businessman .
“ We have an unprecedented opportunity , through the framework laid in Cairo , for a comprehensive engagement with the Muslim world , ” Hussain told Reuters in Doha . ”
Hussain said he hopes to strengthen ties with Muslim nations in education , science and technology .
“ I look forward to deepening those partnerships .
The president has made it clear that we will be judged on our actions , on results , ” he said .
Hussain was named deputy associate counsel to Obama in 2009 .
He has served as a trial attorney at the U.S. Department of Justice and as assistant on the House Judiciary Committee , where he reviewed legislation such as the USA Patriot Act .
Hussain , who has a master ’s degree in public administration and in Arabic and Islamic studies from Harvard University , graduated from Yale Law School , where he served as an editor of the Yale Law Journal .
“ The OIC is obviously an organization that represents a global constituency , and sending someone he clearly knows and respects underscores the president ’s determination to maintain what has been a theme in his administration , ” Strobe Talbott , president of the Brookings Institution which sponsored the Doha forum , told Reuters .
OnlineSchools.org is an advertising - supported site .
Featured programs and school search results are for schools that compensate us .
This compensation does not influence our school rankings , resource guides , or other information published on this site .
Got it !
Your Guide to Accredited Online Schools
Online Schools is your comprehensive introduction to an online education .
With increased availability and an ever - expanding range of courses to choose from , online enrollment is growing at an astounding rate .
From elementary schools to the best online colleges , online schools vary in terms of methodology , cost , and quality .
Our guides help you find the right program for your needs .
We explore the factors motivating millions of students to enroll in online courses , walk you through criteria to consider before enrolling , and offer tips to help you get started .
We have guides for every stage of online learning , from K - 12 to graduate school , and feature the most current assessment of online degrees and schools available .
Police have identified a partially burnt body found beside a rural road in southwest NSW as that of Indian national Ranjodh Singh .
Mr Singh , aged 25 , had been living at Wagga Wagga and was visiting Griffith at the time of his death .
A passer - by found his body on December 29 beside Wilga Road at Willbriggie .
Inquiries led investigators to a Kookora Street home at Griffith where a search began on Tuesday night .
Griffith police Inspector Paul Smith today described Mr Singh 's death as " horrific " and repeated an appeal for public information .
" We are reaching out to all members of the Griffith community to come forward , including members of the local Indian community who might hold crucial information that could be the key to solving Mr Singh 's death , " Insp Smith said in a statement .
" To assist with the investigation we have appointed an Indian - speaking detective as a liaison officer , who speaks Punjabi and Hindi , and I would urge anyone with any information no matter how small , to contact us . "
Police also want to hear from anyone who was in the area near Kookora Street and Griffin Lane in Griffith between midnight ( AEDT ) on December 28 and December 29 .
AAP
In just two days , several rumors have hit the internet regarding the future of Call of Duty Series .
According to news obtained by Computerandvideogames.com , a senior trade source from the United Kingdom confirmed long - standing rumors that Treyarch ’s next installment in the series will be set in the late 1960 ’s , during the Vietnam War .
Apparently focusing heavily on a engaging single - player campaign , the script is said to receive influence from classic movies such as Platoon and Apocalypse Now .
As expected , development for this title is currently on schedule and the game will be available before the holiday season at the end of this year .
In other news , rumors have arisen that state that Infinity Ward will not be working on a third installment in the Call of Duty : Modern Warfare series , with this tasks apparently being shifted over to the newly formed Sledgehammer Studios , headed by former - Visceral Studios director Glen Schofield .
Though Sledgehammer Studio has not yet officially announced any projects , their studio is apparently recruiting a Multiplayer Designer with “ five years experience working on current AAA multiplayer shooters for current consoles and PC . ”
Finally , rumors regarding future projects of Infinity Ward are suggesting that the studio might be working on a MMO , possibly associated with the Call of Duty series .
According to Destructoid , Infinity Ward has been recruiting employees from Blizzard and Sony Online Entertainment , supposedly including the lead designer of Everquest II .
At the time of writing , none of these rumors have been confirmed or actively denied and should therefore not be taken as factual .
By OMAR SACIRBEY
( RNS )
The walls that segregate Muslim men from women inside many American mosques took a long time to go up , and it could be a long time before they come down .
Just ask Fatima Thompson , 44 , who on Saturday ( Feb. 20 ) led a group of 10 women and two men in a " stand - in " at the Islamic Center of Washington , D.C. , hoping to persuade leaders at the stately mosque on Embassy Row to remove a seven - foot partition that separated men ( in front ) from women ( behind ) .
'' Every woman should be able to stand with the congregation .
That 's the correct way , " said Thompson , who converted to Islam 18 years ago .
TOMORROW will be one year since President Obama signed an executive order outlawing torture , yet our debate about interrogation methods continues .
Though the president deserves praise for improving matters , the changes were not as drastic as most Americans think , and elements of our interrogation policy continue to be both inhumane and counterproductive .
Americans can now boast that they no longer “ torture ” detainees , but they cannot say that detainees are not abused , or even that their treatment meets the minimum standards of humane treatment mandated by the Geneva Conventions , the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005 ( the so - called McCain amendment ) , United States and international law , or even Mr. Obama ’s executive order .
If I were to return to one of the war zones today  as an Air Force officer , I was sent to Iraq to head an interrogation team in 2006  I would still be allowed to abuse prisoners .
This is true even though in my experience , torture or even harsh but legal treatment never got us useful information .
Instead , such tactics invariably did just the opposite , convincing detainees to clam up .
The adoption last year of the Army Field Manual as the standard for interrogations across the government , including the C.I.A. , was a considerable improvement .
But we missed a unique opportunity for progress last August when the president ’s task force on interrogations recommended no changes to the manual , which was hastily revised in 2006 in the aftermath of the Abu Ghraib torture scandal .
I found this bizarre photocopy - posted here - via someone 's Twitter feed earlier today .
Stu Kennedy , who put it up , tells me that it was forward to his brother at work as part of a circulatory email .
Have dinner ready .
Plan ahead , even the night before , to have a delicious meal ready on time for his return from work .
This is a way of letting him know that you have been thinking about him and are concerned about his needs .
Most men are hungry when they come home and the prospect of a good meal ( especially his favourite dish ) is part of the warm welcome needed .
Prepare yourself .
Take 15 minutes to rest so you will be refreshed when he arrives .
Touch up your make - up , put a ribbon in your hair and be fresh looking .
He has just been with a lot of work weary people .
Be a little gay and a little more interesting for him .
His boring day may need a lift and one of your duties is to provide it .
Clear away the clutter .
Make one last trip through the main part of the house just before your husband arrives .
Do n't ask him questions about his actions or question his judgment or integrity .
Remember , he is the master of the house and as such will always exercise his will with fairness and truthfulness .
You have no right to question him .
A good wife always knows her place .
Once he has had a chance to have his evening meal clear the dishes and wash up promptly .
If your husband should offer to help decline his offer as he may feel obliged to repeat this offer and after a long working day he does not need the extra work .
Encourage your husband to pursue his hobbies and interests and be supportive without seeming to encroach .
If you have any little hobbies yourself try not to bore him speaking of these , as women 's interests are often rather trivial compared to men's .
At the end of the evening tidy the home ready for the morning and again think ahead to his breakfast needs .
Your husband 's breakfast is vital if he is to face the outside world in a positive fashion .
Once you have both retired to the bedroom prepare yourself for bed as promptly as possible ....
The wise bride will permit a maximum of two brief sexual experiences weekly during the first months of marriage .
As time goes by she should make every effort to reduce this frequency .
Feigned illness , sleepiness , and headaches are among the wife 's best friends in this matter .
Arguments , nagging , scolding , and bickering also prove very effective , if used in the late evening about an hour before the husband would normally commence his seduction .
Clever wives are ever on the alert for new and better methods of denying and discouraging the amorous overtures of the husband .
A good wife should expect to have reduced sexual contacts to once a week by the end of the first year of marriage and to once a month by the end of the fifth year of marriage .
Most men are by nature rather perverted , and if given half a chance , would engage in quite a variety of the most revolting practices .
These practices include , among others , performing the normal act in abnormal positions ; mouthing the female body ; and offering their own vile bodies to be mouthed in turn .
The page above , whose provenance I cannot trace , seems to be from a printed original .
I can't confirm this ; there are , however , other known printed versions .
The same passage also occurs in " The Good Wife 's Guide " , supposedly taken from a Home Economics textbook ( also from the Sixties ) in which the sexual advice is tacked onto the end of more general comments about an ideal housewife .
The first paragraphs of this read as follows :
These same paragraphs also occur in a shorter piece with the same title , which claims to be from Housekeeping Monthly , 13 May , 1955 .
This is how The Good Wife 's Guide ends :
The longer Internet version omits the two sentences following " fairness and truthfulness " .
Instead , it continues like this :
There follows the sexual advice with which we began .
According to Urban Legend site Snopes , the magazine extract is a fabrication : it did n't surface until long after the text began circulating by email and is " clearly a mock - up " .
It is just possible that it dates from the 50s - presumably as a satire on contemporary images of the ideal housewife .
On balance it 's likely to be far more recent , however .
It is said to have been circulating in faxed form since the 1980s .
To sum up : the sex advice , purporting to be " an actual extract from a sex education textbook " , began life as a hoax continuation of an original spoof article , itself likely to have been a hoax .
But the style also owes something to another piece dismissed by Snopes , the hilarious " Advice to Young Brides " supposedly written in 1894 ( though the repeated use of the word " sex " rather gives it away ) .
The bride in that text , though , is imagined to be a young woman of rather more spirit than the submissive Stepford - style wife depicted in the passage allegedly from the 1960s .
For example :
It 's also rather kinky : A hoax , obviously .
Yet according to Wikipedia , while Advice to Young Brides " reads like a satire on the Victorian era " and is often assumed to be a spoof , it is actually genuine .
At least , it is accepted as being so by the University of Washington , which published the piece in its bizarre entirety on its website in 1998 .
The URL would seem to bear this out .
Furthermore , it was the pamphlet 's use in a UW course in human sexuality that year that led to its modern circulation on the Internet .
Despite these undoubted facts , I remain sceptical .
There are good reasons for thinking it to be a hoax : neither the alleged writer ( a suspiciously - named Ruth Smythers ) nor the supposed publisher have left any trace in the records .
In fact , the only evidence offered in the text 's favour is its endorsement by the University of Washington .
Academics have fallen for hoaxes often enough not to take this as decisive .
And what of the piece with which we began ?
Some sources date it precisely to 1963 , the year ( according to Philip Larkin ) in which " sexual intercourse began " .
A coincidence ?
The world it depicts probably never existed - unless Mad Men is a documentary .
If anyone has any clue as to who actually wrote any of these pieces , and when , do please let me know .
• Nato commander committed to reducing number of casualties but toll continues to rise •
Average compensation paid by Britain to bereaved families falls from £ 7,300 to £ 2,900
Twenty compensation claims relating to the killing of innocent Afghan civilians during operations by the UK armed forces are being investigated by the Ministry of Defence .
In the past , Britain has paid an average of £ 7,300 for every civilian death in war , although the last figures available , for the year ending April 2009 , show that figure had fallen to £ 2,900 .
The issue of compensation for civilian casualties has moved to the top of the political agenda as Nato commanders place an increasing emphasis on securing the support of the Afghan population .
Officials are already negotiating to establish a standard system of compensation payments among member states operating in Afghanistan .
Sarah Holewinski , executive director of Civic ( Campaign for Innocent Victims in Conflict ) , said : " We 've been working to get a uniform system set up for four years now , and we are hopeful that nations are finally prepared to push this through . "
Britain still offers one of the most generous schemes to Afghan civilians .
The US , for instance , pays a maximum " condolence " payment of £ 1,660 for civilian casualties , while Germany opts for a system of community aid rather than payments to individuals .
It is understood that payouts have been made to the relatives of 12 Afghans killed in a US rocket attack in the south of the country two weeks ago , signalling a new impetus among Nato forces to atone swiftly for mistakes .
Holewinski said : " There are signs that they are increasingly recognising that it must dignify and recognise civilians . "
She hoped that the reduction in British compensation payments was an anomaly .
The figures reveal that , during the year to April 2008 , the MoD paid £ 73,000 for the deaths of 10 Afghan civilians .
The next year , however , it paid only £ 32,000 to compensate the families of 11 dead Afghans .
The trend was also mirrored in the size of payments to Afghan civilians who had been injured .
The 22 injured Afghans received an average of £ 1,400 in the year until April 2008 , but an average of £ 1,060 during the following year .
By contrast , injured British troops are entitled to a maximum tax - free lump sum of £ 570,000 .
A significant increase in the number of legal claims lodged by Afghan civilians against the government is also evident with the volume of complaints for damage to property rising from 35 to 700 – 20 times higher – over the past two years .
Payouts to damaged property trebled to £ 360,000 during the same period .
The number of legal claims lodged by Afghan civilians against the government stood at 2,120 between April 2008 and 2009 .
Of these , 736 have been settled with figures ranging from £ 18 to £ 9,500 .
The average settlement is £ 572 .
An MoD spokesman said : " We have strict procedures , frequently updated in light of experience , intended to both minimise the risk of casualties occurring and to investigate any incidents that do happen .
Compensation claims brought against the Ministry of Defence as part of the International Security Assistance Force are considered on the basis of whether or not the department has a legal liability to pay compensation .
Where there is a proven legal liability compensation is paid . "
Efforts to agree an official Afghan compensation scheme run parallel with last week 's confirmation by General Stanley McChrystal , commander of Nato forces in Afghanistan , that he has ordered troops to limit night raids in an effort to win over the local population .
His directive followed mounting complaints from Afghans who were enraged over foreign soldiers bursting into their homes as they slept .
Nader Nadery , a commissioner at the Afghanistan Independent Human Rights Commission , said : " After civilian deaths , night raids had become the second biggest issue for Afghans . "
An inquest into one night raid in Narang district , eastern Afghanistan , in which eight boys from one family were killed , is continuing , with Nato officials keen to pinpoint the source of the faulty intelligence that led to the blunder .
The Observer has been told that McChrystal 's directive stemmed directly from the incident .
The family involved have yet to receive compensation for the attack , which is believed to have involved covert US and Afghan forces .
A report by the New York - based Open Society Institute , which promotes democracy , has identified 98 civilians who were killed during night raids in 2009 .
The report also flagged allegations of ill - treatment , aggressive behaviour and cultural insensitivity .
" Afghans gave accounts of international forces tearing or chopping the Qur'an with an axe , taking women away in helicopters and returning them dead , and shooting babies or children at point - blank range , " the report states .
Although McChrystal has focused his military strategy on reducing civilian casualties , the toll continues to mount .
Last Sunday a Nato air strike killed 27 civilians , including several women and children , in Uruzgan province , southern Afghanistan , prompting a public apology from McChrystal .
Wikimedia Downloads
Please note that we have rate limited downloaders and we are capping the number of per-ip connections to 2 .
This will help to ensure that everyone can access the files with reasonable download times .
Clients that try to evade these limits may be blocked .
Please consider using a mirror for downloading these dumps .
The following kinds of downloads are available :
Database backup dumps ( current page ) A complete copy of all Wikimedia wikis , in the form of wikitext source and metadata embedded in XML .
A number of raw database tables in SQL form are also available .
These snapshots are provided at the very least monthly and usually twice a month .
If you are a regular user of these dumps , please consider subscribing to xmldatadumps -l for regular updates .
Static HTML dumps
A copy of all pages from all Wikipedia wikis , in HTML form .
DVD distributions Available for some Wikipedia editions .
Image tarballs
There are currently no image dumps available .
Legal
App Guidelines Guidelines for developers on how to properly reuse Wikimedia data , trademarks , and content .
Copyright licensing Copyright licensing information for these dumps .
Privacy
The privacy policy for Wikimedia Foundation websites .
Sql / XML dumps issues
Files are provided in various formats , including gzipped sql , json or xml , bzipped xml , and 7zipped xml .
Older versions of the 7zip decoder on Windows are known to have problems with some bz2 - format files for larger wikis ; we recommend the use of bzip2 for Windows for these cases .
7 zip 20.00 alpha ( x64 ) on Win10 LTSC 2019 and later versions should work properly .
Please report problems with these dumps on Phabricator and add the Dumps - generation tag .
Dump process is idle .
Also view sorted by wiki name
O nce upon a time , jokes about American beer were both plentiful and cutting .
( Fans of British comedy will recall the Monty Python sketch comparing the drinking of American lagers to the act of " making love in a canoe . " )
Sadly , this derision was , for the most part , deserved .
Back in the 1960s , Americans in pursuit of boldly flavored domestic brews were faced with arduous searches .
Then along came young Fritz Maytag , part of the famous appliance family .
In 1965 , he chose beer over dishwashers when he bought 51 percent of San Francisco 's Anchor Brewing Company .
Driven by a desire for fuller , more richly flavored beers than the mild - mannered pale lagers that dominated the market at the time , he set about transforming it from a " pretty decrepit brewery , " as he put it , into a model for the burgeoning microbrewing movement .
Following his lead , small breweries sprouted up throughout the country , and by the mid-1990s , many had outgrown the diminutive " micro " label and become known as " craft breweries . "
Today , there are approximately 1,450 breweries in the country , according to the Brewers Association , an industry organization , and exponentially more brands .
Even more significant , numerous beer experts consider the United States beer market the most exciting and innovative in the world today .
But with so many brews to choose from , any beer lover could use some help narrowing down the field .
To this end , we present a handful of our favorite domestic bottles from breweries large and small , grouped by style .
Use them to begin your own American beer quest for the best .
[ / caption ]
Talk about a truly ‘ world - wide ’ web !
As the astronauts aboard the International Space Station orbit Earth at 28,000 kph ( 17,500 mph ) they now have the ultimate wireless connection and direct , live access to the internet .
The station received a special software upgrade this week , called Crew Support LAN , which gives astronauts the ability to browse and use the Web .
Previously , emails , news , and Twitter messages were sent to and from the ISS in uplink and downlink packages , so for example , Twitter ( which NASA has embraced wholeheartedly ) messages from the astronauts were downlinked to mission control in Houston , and someone there posted them on the astronauts ’
Twitter accounts .
Now , it ’s live .
Expedition 22 Flight Engineer T.J. Creamer made first use of the new system today when he posted the first unassisted update to his Twitter account , @ Astro_TJ , from the space station :
“ Hello Twitterverse !
We r now LIVE tweeting from the International Space Station — the 1st live tweet from Space ! 🙂
More soon , send your ? s ”
Astronauts will be subject to the same computer use guidelines as government employees on Earth .
In addition to this new capability , the crew will continue to have official e-mail , Internet Protocol telephone and limited videoconferencing capabilities .
This personal Web access takes advantage of existing communication links to and from the station and gives astronauts the ability to browse and use the Web .
The system will provide astronauts with direct private communications to enhance their quality of life during long - duration missions by helping to ease the isolation associated with life in a closed environment .
During periods when the station is actively communicating with the ground using high - speed Ku- band communications , the crew will have remote access to the Internet via a ground computer .
The crew will view the desktop of the ground computer using an onboard laptop and interact remotely with their keyboard touchpad .
To follow Twitter updates from all the astronauts , there is one centralized Twitter account for all : NASA_Astronauts
You can also follow Universe Today and me ( Nancy Atkinson ) on Twitter .
Congressmen John Carter ( R - TX ) and Lynn Westmoreland ( R - GA ) yesterday introduced the Geithner Penalty Waiver Act , requiring that the IRS assess the same penalty against U.S. taxpayers that came forward in the UBS tax fraud investigation as paid by Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner for failing to pay taxes on his IMF income -- zero .
From Congressman
Carter 's press release :
Carter says the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution mandates equal penalties for similar offenses , and that the failure of the IRS to assess any penalties against Geithner demands similar penalties for all taxpayers with substantially equivalent cases .
“ This bill seeks to codify what is now established by the law of precedent , ” says Carter .
“ The Geithner case has established a legal precedent for the determination of penalties by the IRS , and that precedent can be cited in all federal tax courts .
The penalty is now set at zero . ”
“ Taxpayers who willfully attempt to evade paying their fair taxes should pay a penalty , or our tax code becomes unenforceable , ” says Carter .
“ This bill is not to reward tax evaders , but to defend the Rule of Law itself .
If we as a nation choose not to enforce the law against the politically privileged , then we cannot enforce the law against others without undermining respect for the law itself . ”
As many of you may well know , I am writing a rebuttal of Robert Spencer ’s book The Politically Incorrect Guide to Islam ( and the Crusades ) .
In chapter five of his Islamophobook , Spencer discusses the issue of Sharia and rape .
I have completed part 1 of my rebuttal , which can be found here .
As I was ferociously typing up part 2 , it dawned on me that my audience may be unfamiliar with the Quranic verses in question , making it difficult for some of them to properly grasp the issue–or of fully understanding part 2 of my rebuttal .
Hence , I have decided to publish this article as a sort of background piece to part 2 of my rebuttal .
As such , it will not be–like my other articles–a direct refutation of Robert Spencer .
However , I believe that this article will serve a two - fold purpose .
First , it will , as I have discussed , provide the background necessary to properly understand part 2 of my rebuttal .
Second , it will clear up misconceptions about Islam … misconceptions that Islamophobes use as a big stick to whack Muslims over the head with .
Many people erroneously think that all mainstream interpretations of Islam necessarily criminalize zinnah ( fornication and adultery ) –fornicators are to be lashed and adulterers stoned , no questions asked .
Such a fundamentalist mentality clashes with the Western concept of freedom of choice ; it is for this reason that Islamophobes argue that religious Muslims are intrinsically incompatible with Western values .
However , it is important to recognize the multiplicity of Islamic understandings that exist today ; I will categorize the various interpretations of the anti-zinnah laws into fundamentalist , conservative , and reformist views .
Clearly , fundamentalist understandings ought not to be tolerated , but I would argue that reformist views ( and perhaps conservative ones ) are not completely incompatible with Western ideals …at least not any less so than Judaic and Christian views .
Background
According to the Law of Moses , as followed by the early Jewish community , the death penalty was meted out to adulterers ; the Old Testament reads :
The adulterer and the adulteress shall surely be put to death .
( Leviticus , 20:10 )
In order to be found guilty of adultery , there had to be two witnesses of good character who testified against the adulterers :
At the testimony of two or three witnesses they must be executed .
They can not be put to death on the testimony of only one witness .
( Deuteronomy , 17:6 )
Jewish rabbis dealt with this seemingly harsh law by purposefully making it difficult for the “ prosecution ” to meet the required burden of proof to secure a conviction .
They argued , for instance , that both witnesses must have ( 1 ) warned the adulterers of the graveness of their sin prior to the commission of the act , and ( 2 ) that they must have witnessed the actual act itself .
Naturally , these restrictions made the enforcement of this penalty a rare event .
Muslims believe in something called “ progressive revelation ” : accordingly , God revealed the Old Testament to the Jews , then the New Testament to the Christians , and lastly the “ Final Testament ” ( the Quran ) to the Muslims .
As such , there is –according to Islamic belief–a divine continuity in religious belief between Judaism , Christianity , and Islam ; Islamic law ( Sharia ) is based in the Law of Moses , a continuation and “ perfection ” of it .
According to Islamic tradition , God–out of mercy for the people –softened the harsh Law : the Sharia al - Islam ( Law of Islam ) is and ought to be , they argue , an “ easy law ” that is milder than the Sharia al - Yahud ( Law of the Jews ) .
The Islamic texts , for example , narrate that some Jews approached the Prophet Muhammad for rulings , saying : “ Let us go to this prophet , for he has been sent with an easy law . ” [ 1 ]
( The authenticity of the quote is irrelevant , as it is here being used only to illustrate the Muslim perception of their own law . )
Consequently , reason the Muslims , God made the evidentiary requirement for the harsh anti-zinnah laws even more unattainable : the burden of proof was raised from two to four witnesses .
In this manner , the people were saved from severe punishments .
The doubling of the witnesses , from two to four , took place at a time when women were often accused of fornication , adultery , and harlotry .
Even if a woman could not be convicted of this charge , her reputation ( and life ) would be ruined .
To prevent this occurrence , the Quran stipulated that not only had the burden of proof been raised to four witnesses , but if a man dared accuse a woman of sexual immorality with anything less than that , he would be punished for slander :
And those who accuse chaste women [ of fornication or adultery ] and then do not produce four witnesses–lash them with eighty lashes and do not accept from them testimony ever after .
And those are the defiantly disobedient .
( Quran , 24:4 -5 )
The Prophet Muhammad gave details about this verse , seemingly affirming the restrictions placed by the Jewish rabbis , namely that the four witnesses ( 1 ) had to be of good character and ( 2 ) had to have actually witnessed the act of penetration ; as Imam Mawsili and other jurists worded it , the witnesses must see the penis enter the vagina like the “ Kohl needle entering the Kohl bottle . ” [ 2 ]
According to Islamic doctrine , Muslims of good character must not gaze on the private parts of others ; as such , the two conditions placed by the Prophet Muhammad seem to negate each other .
If after all the four witnesses had gazed on the private parts , then they could not possibly be considered of good character ; why did they not avert their gaze ?
Why did they not warn the sinners to cease and desist from their sin ?
The burden of proof for zinnah thus became “ near impossible ” to meet , and in this manner , men were restrained from throwing around accusations of sexual immorality against women , for fear of being lashed for slander .
Fundamentalist Interpretation
Fundamentalist Muslims do not take into consideration mitigating texts .
Instead , they see that a verse in the Quran seems to advocate punishment for zinnah ( fornication and adultery ) , and they rush to judgment , lashing and stoning on whim .
Contrary to popular misconception , fundamentalists usually lack rigorous religious education ; at most , they may have attended substandard madrasahs ( religious schools ) , but in general they are ignorant of the vast jurisprudential tradition of Islam .
Most importantly , they do not engage in contextual and inter-textual analytical exegesis of the Quran .
Reformist ( and even conservative )
Muslims argue that fundamentalists flout the very Quran that they claim to be following : by not assiduously adhering to the high evidentiary requirement prescribed by Islamic law , the fundamentalists have created a persecuting state–where citizens live in mortal fear of the heavy handed government .
Conservative Interpretation
Although on principle they agree that the anti-zinnah laws are Islamic , conservative Muslims follow the traditional Islamic view of what I call “ religious obstructionism . ”
On the one hand classical jurists affirmed the harsh penalties for lashing and stoning , but on the other hand they set up many roadblocks and obstacles to the enforcement of such penalties , making it “ near impossible ” to enact them .
This obstructionist approach is not unfamiliar , as it finds prominence in the Jewish rabbinical tradition .
Conservative Muslims today have adopted just such an approach , arguing that the four witnesses requirement is theoretically possible but practically improbable .
Conservative Muslims agree with reformist Muslims that the fundamentalists are incorrect in their haphazard and dangerous interpretation of the law .
According to the conservative Muslims , the punishments of stoning and lashing would fall into almost complete ( if not complete ) disuse .
But it should be understood that they would block the enforcement of such penalties on a case - by - case basis , instead of the top - down approach of reformists .
Furthermore , the stoppage would be based not on a principled indignation but on a micro-technical legalistic level .
Dr. Khaled Abou El Fadl writes :
Muslim jurists questioned the morality of the death penalty , and also questioned whether the state should be allowed to execute its own citizens .
The way Muslim jurists responded to these challenges was to seek refuge in the technicalities of the law .
In other words , the juristic response was legalistic and profoundly technical .
Working with the micro-details and technicalities of the law , Muslim jurists challenged the discretion of the state and made it difficult for the state to carry out the death penalty , and also made it difficult for the state to claim that it had complied with all the procedural and evidentiary requirements in its application of this ultimate punishment …
The point is that the juristic response was legalistic , technical , and creative .
In light of the decisive and grave consequences of the death sentence , Muslim jurists were not willing to accept it without qualifications , and they seemed to have struggled with its implications and impact .
As often happens in a legalistic interpretive culture [ such as the rabbinical tradition ] , Muslims jurists did not respond at the conceptualized or broad theory level .
While they accepted the death penalty in principle , at the level of the process and implementation , they made the infliction of the death penalty difficult …
The moral paradigm that inspired Muslim jurists to endeavor to avoid the death penalty is well represented in an educational message that teachers of Islamic law in the classical age often repeated and emphasized to their students .
The message provided was this …
It is always better to save the life of a thousand guilty persons than to unwittingly murder a single innocent person . [ 3 ]
Similar interpretations abound in the Jewish rabbinical tradition , resulting in what the Jewish Encyclopedia calls “ the practical impossibility of convicting any adulteress ” [ 4 ] –a phrase similar to the Islamic “ near impossible . ”
Conservative Muslims agree that the conviction of adulterers against their will is theoretically but not practically possible .
Reformist Interpretation
Reformist Muslims go one step further , and approach the issue from a more theoretical standpoint .
They focus more on the higher ethical objectives of the Islamic law ( maqasid al - Sharia ) , from which they derive the Islamic jurisprudence ( fiqh ) .
Reformist Muslims argue that the “ near impossible ” evidentiary requirement indicates that the anti-zinnah laws are meant not as laws of enforcement but of symbolic deterrence .
They believe that the Sharia was designed in such a way as to promote a more detached government with a very limited scope of powers ; accordingly , reformists argue that the personal sexual lives of its citizens do not fall under the jurisdiction of the ideal Islamic state .
What goes on in the privacy of one ’s own bedroom between two consenting adults by cover of night is not the business of the state .
As the Prophet Muhammad declared :
All of my community will be fine except for those who commit sin openly .
Part of committing sin openly is when a man does something at night and God conceals it , but in the morning he says , “ O So - and - so , last night I did such and such . ”
His Lord had covered his sin all night , but in the morning he removed the cover of God . [ 5 ]
A similar narration exists from the second Caliph of Islam :
A man came to the Prophet and said : “ O Apostle of God !
I have mingled with a woman in the outskirts of Medina … So , here am I , judge me according to what you decide . ”
Umar bin Khattab replied : “ God had kept your secret !
Why then did n’t you ? ” [ 6 ]
This indicates that the Islamic government ’s role is primarily only in matters of the public square , not in the bedrooms of its citizens .
Meddling in the personal affairs of citizenry is both unnecessary and inappropriate .
Islam values the privacy of citizens , and forbids the government from spying on its citizens ; it is for this reason that many Muslim Americans strongly believe in the fourth amendment and other such “ privacy laws ” enshrined in the American legal system .
Certainly , reason these Muslims , a government ought not to meddle in a citizen ’s personal sex life .
According to Islam , the privacy of a person ’s home must be respected by all others and is inviolable , such that even peeking through windows to see inside is forbidden , even for the Caliph ( leader ) of the Muslims :
The secrecy of the private life is untouchable .
The Qur’an decisively prohibits spying into and disclosing the secrets and private lives of people , and orders keeping secret any detect and sinful act which one has seen in a person : O you believe !
Avoid much suspicion , for some suspicion is a grave sin ( liable to God ’s punishment ) ; and do not spy ( on one another ) ( Qur’an 49:12 ) .
Neither can a Muslim government spy on people to see whether they are committing a sin or crime unless there is decisive proof that they are committing something against the public peace .
Likewise , spying into homes , opening and reading letters that belong to others , and listening to the conversations of other people are all wrong .
The second caliph of Islam , Umar ibn al - Khattab , was once walking on the streets of Medina , the capital , at night .
Suddenly he heard noise coming from one of the houses , a noise indicating that somebody was drunk and singing loudly .
Umar climbed over the wall , entered the house , and witnessed a very disappointing situation .
He complained of the situation to the man inside , and said , “ Did you think that God would allow you to hide this fault of yours ? ”
The man replied , “ O Caliph of the Muslims , stop and do n’t rush .
I committed one sin in the eyes of God ; however , you have made three mistakes here .
First of all , God says , Do not spy on one another ( Qur’an 49:12 ) , but you spied on me .
Second , God says , Come to dwellings ( in the normal way ) by their doors ( Qur’an 2:189 ) , but you climbed over my wall , and finally God says , O you who believe !
Do not enter dwellings other than your own until you have ascertained the permission of their residents and have greeted them with peace ( Qur’an 24:27 ) , but you entered my house without getting my permission and you did not greet me with peace . ”
Umar was very upset with himself and replied , “ If I forgive you , will you forgive me ? ”
The man said , “ Yes . ” Then Umar said , “ I forgive you , ” and left the house . [ 7 ]
While the reformist Muslims affirm the judicial obstructionism of the conservatives , they bolster it by giving it a principled and conceptual basis .
This top - down understanding then is that private sins are between an individual and God ; although such sins carry a heavenly punishment , they are generally not punished in this worldly life .
Of course , God ’s heavenly punishment is stricter , which is why believers are commanded to cease and desist from their sins , and to repent sincerely .
“ And God is Most Forgiving , Most Merciful . ”
What ’s the Point ?
All of this discussion invariably leads a non-believer to ask : what ’s the point of a law and a prescribed punishment if its enforcement is “ near impossible ” ?
Would n’t it simply have been easier and more intuitive to have no such law to begin with ?
Perhaps .
But the faithful believe that God acts in mysterious ways , the true reasons known only to Him .
Nonetheless , contemporary Muslims speculate that God prescribed a punishment that could not realistically be enforced for four reasons : ( 1 ) It is a legacy inherited from the Law of Moses , i.e. Sharia al - Yahud ( Law of the Jews ) .
In other words , the punishment for adultery used to be much easier to carry out and was indeed done so .
This was for the people who came before Ummatul Muhammad ( nation of Muhammad ) ; it is understood by Muslims that the Law as prescribed to Bani Israel was decidedly much stricter .
Even Moses implored
God to have more mercy on the community of Muhammad , fearful that the strict Law would break their backs .
Therefore , the harsh punishment legislated by the Old Law was made impotent by creating such a high evidentiary burden that it became impossible to fulfill .
Such a belief is consistent with the Islamic doctrine of progressive revelation .
To reiterate , the answer to “ would n’t it be simpler to not have such a law to begin with ? ” is that the law was inherited from previous nations .
Muslims believe that the Islamic community was honored by inheriting the Abrahamic law and tradition ; therefore , although the Law could be tweaked , it ought not to be abandoned or replaced altogether .
Rather , it was –according to an Islamic understanding –modified and “ perfected ” with mercy .
The anti-zinnah laws are based then in Abrahamic precedence , and are therefore affirmed but in a merciful and lenient way .
This explains why Muslims do not simply do away with the anti-zinnah laws altogether .
They honor the Abrahamic tradition but without the enforcement of harsh penalties for fornication and adultery , which have become symbolic in nature .
(2) The second reason is that the Sharia is making a moral point by associating in the mind of the believer an extremely harsh punishment with fornication and adultery , thereby making clear the gravity of the sin .
In Islamic quarters it is argued that contemporary society has made both fornication and adultery socially acceptable .
The Islamic law , on the other hand , equates these sins with lashing and death , even if these punishments are not generally enforced .
Dr. Khaled Abou El Fadl writes :
Obviously , in Islamic law the crime of fornication or adultery is hard , if not impossible , to prove .
So why have the punishment at all ?
There are two competing values here .
Illicit sexual relations must be condemned .
At the same time , people should mind their own business , and spying or slandering cannot be tolerated .
The solution was to make the moral point that fornication and adultery are terrible crimes , and only if they could be proven would they be punished severely .
Nevertheless , the issue is generally between a person and God . [ 8 ]
(3) Furthermore , in the largely illiterate societies of the past , it is likely that only the Islamic jurists were cognizant of the “ judicial obstructionism ” that saves believers from punishment .
As such , the law served as a deterrence , even if it were not in reality enforced .
This is similar to a parent threatening a child with an extremely harsh punishment simply as a scare tactic , knowing full well that he / she would never actually enforce it .
The threatening of punishment is thus a mercy in a way , as it causes a person to correct his / her conduct which will benefit him / her both in this life and the next .
(4) Following the third point , it is understood by contemporary Muslims that the law is one of deterrence , not of enforcement .
As the conservative Islamic scholar Muhammad ibn Adam al - Kawthari writes :
One should always keep in mind the objective and spirit of Shariah concerning the various legal punishments .
The idea is not to enforce the punishment and make people suffer ; rather the objective is to prevent harm , corruption and immorality in the society .
Thus , legal punishments act as deterrents more than actually get people punished …
An example of this which comes to mind is that we see speed cameras being placed on many roads and streets ( especially here in the UK ! ) in order to deter people from speeding in their vehicles .
The idea behind these speed cameras is not to catch people speeding , rather to prevent people from speeding and causing accidents .
If the aim was to catch people speeding , there would be no warning signs indicating that a camera is present .
However , we see that whenever a speed camera is placed , many warnings are given that beware this road has a speed camera .
Many of the times , the camera is not even in operation , hence , the idea is to stop people speeding rather than catch and punish them .
The same is with the various legal punishments prescribed by Shariah , in that they are prescribed to prevent people from committing unlawful actions and corrupting the society , yet the rules and conditions for a legal punishment to be enforced are so stringent that very rarely would an individual be punished .
The legal punishment is considered a deterrent , but if an individual did involve him / herself in some unlawful activity , the objective now is not to get the individual punished rather to save him / her from the punishment . [ 9 ]
The Sharia ’s Objective of Averting Corporal Punishments
The punishment of fornicators and adulterers is historically rooted in the Judeo - Christian tradition that Muslims follow .
Yet , Muslims believe that the Sharia al - Islam was tweaked in such a way as to lean heavily towards the accused , thereby saving them from corporal punishments .
( This is not unlike the rabbinical tradition , which similarly mitigates the Law . )
In fact , Islamic authorities are commanded to find a “ doubt ” so that the accused can be acquitted .
Muhammad ibn Adam al - Kawthari quotes the Prophet Muhammad to this effect :
The Imam should try his best to avoid the legal punishment …
This ( trying to avert a legal punishment ) has been explicitly mentioned in one Hadith .
Sayyida Aisha narrates that the Messenger of Allah said : “ Keep the Muslims away from punishments as much as possible .
If there is any way out for an offender to escape punishment , acquit him .
It is better for a judge to make an error in acquittal than in conviction . ” ( Sunan Tirmidhi , no : 1424 ) [ 10 ]
Contemporary Muslims understand the command to find “ any way out ” to be a duty of the Islamic authorities .
Deterring Witnesses from Coming Forward
When four witnesses come forward , they are warned by the authorities that if their testimonies do not hold up , they will each be lashed eighty times .
This creates a great deterrent to any witnesses coming forward , for they know full well that the authorities will seek to acquit the accused based on any possible doubt .
For example , how is it that they could have gazed on the private parts of two having sexual relations ?
Why did they not turn away ?
Why did they not warn the sinners ?
Why were they spying on the two ?
And so on and so forth .
The jurisprudential practice is to “ generate ” a doubt such that the defendant is acquitted and the accusers punished .
This knowledge deters accusers from stepping forward ; rather , they should hide the sin of their fellow believer , as it is of no business of theirs .
The accusers are deterred from coming forward for fear that one of the four of them would rescind his testimony , thereby condemning the rest to lashes .
It is for this reason that there exists in the lifetime of the Prophet Muhammad no single case of someone being convicted of fornication or adultery based on the testimony of four witnesses .
Reformist ( and even conservative )
Muslims point to this as a strong proof that the intent of the Sharia was to deter accusers from stepping forward , barring this route to conviction and punishment .
Both reformist and conservative Muslims understand that it is impossible for the witnesses to see the penis clearly inserted into the vagina , because even “ if you were among the four thighs you would never be able to give this testimony . ”
In other words , not even the thighs of the two who are fornicating can properly witness the vaginal penetration , so how can anyone else do that ?
The conservative “ Wahhabi ” [ 11 ] cleric Ibn Uthaymeen declared :
[ The four witnesses ] should describe zina in clear terms , such as saying : “ I saw his penis in her vagina ” .
There is no alternative to that .
If they say : “ We saw him on top of her and they were naked ” , that is not acceptable .
Even if they say “ We saw him doing with her what a man does with his wife , ” that is not sufficient as testimony .
They must say “ We bear witness that his penis was in her vagina . ”
And this is very difficult , as the man said who was testified against at the time of ‘ Umar : “ If you were among the ( four ) thighs you would never be able to give this testimony . ”
Hence Shaykh al - Islam Ibn Taymiyah mentioned that at his time no case of zina was proven by means of testimony from the time of the Prophet ( peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him ) until the time of Ibn Taymiyah .
If no case was proven from that time until the other , then we do not know of any case that was proven by testimony up till our own times , because it is very difficult . [ 12 ]
So it is understood amongst both reformist and conservative Muslims that the “ near impossible ” requirement of four witnesses has never been fulfilled up until this day .
The ultraconservative site , Islam - qa , says :
This strictness with regard to testimony about zina serves only to achieve the purpose aimed at by sharee ’ah , which is to conceal people and not spread immorality , and to make societies avoid accusations against people ’s honour and aspersions on their lineages .
Al - Qurtubi ( may Allaah have mercy on him ) said in al - Jaami ’ li Ahkaam al - Qur’aan ( 5/83 ) : Allaah has stated that testimony in a case of zina must be given by four people , so as to make it hard for those who are testifying to such a thing , and to conceal people . [ 13 ]
Photographic Images and DNA
It should be noted that conservative and reformist Muslim scholars agree that the four witnesses must have witnessed the actual act itself .
Photographic images or video footage are not admissible , not only because these can be doctored but because such an allowance would eliminate the Sharia ’s objective of making the enforcement of these penalties “ near impossible . ”
This becomes clear by the fact that the jurists of today even forbid DNA proof to convict a person of fornication or adultery ; the ultra - conservative Islamic cleric Muhammad Salih al - Munajjid declared that “ zinaa … cannot be proven by DNA testing or by use of cameras and videos . ” [ 14 ]
Self - Confession
In place of four witnesses , a person may confess four times to the sin .
Yet this too has many stringent requirements :
The confession must be uncoerced .
From an Islamic legal perspective , confessions under duress are inadmissible .
The authorities are legally obligated to investigate each case and ensure that the confessor was not pressured into coming forward by family or friends .
If there is any doubt whatsoever about this , the confession is to be rejected .
The confessor must be an adult of sane mind who confesses on four different occasions , knowing full well the consequences of such a confession .
For example , the fourth Caliph of Islam came upon an insane woman who had confessed to adultery and was about to be stoned ; he quickly brought a halt to the punishment and declared :
Do you know that there are three people whose actions are not recorded [ against them ] : a lunatic till he ( or she ) is restored to reason , a sleeper until he ( or she ) awakens , and a boy ( or girl ) until he ( or she ) becomes baligh ( mature ) … Why [ then ] is it that this woman is being stoned ? [ 15 ]
It should be noted that there is no religious requirement for a Muslim to come forward to confess his / her sin .
In fact , he / she is encouraged to hide it and not reveal it ; this is in accordance to the two hadiths which I have already quoted ( and other textual proofs as well ) :
All of my community will be fine except for those who commit sin openly .
Part of committing sin openly is when a man does something at night and God conceals it , but in the morning he says , “ O So - and - so , last night I did such and such . ”
His Lord had covered his sin all night , but in the morning he removed the cover of God . [ 16 ]
And :
A man came to the Prophet and said : “ O Apostle of God !
I have mingled with a woman in the outskirts of Medina … So , here am I , judge me according to what you decide . ”
Umar bin Khattab replied : “ God had kept your secret !
Why then did n’t you ? ” [ 17 ]
In fact , the Islamic judge is religiously commanded to dissuade the confessor from going through with the confession .
The confessor is encouraged to simply repent from the sin , as “ God is Most Forgiving . ”
Muslims believe that sins can be expiated simply by prayer and the commission of good deeds .
Seeking corporal punishment is not necessary to attain penance ; in fact , it is highly discouraged .
In Sahih al - Bukhari ( #6439 ) , for example , it is narrated that a man confessed the sin of adultery to the Prophet Muhammad .
However , the latter kept turning his face away from the confessor , wishing not to hear it .
Such was the reluctance of the Prophet Muhammad when it came to enforcing such harsh punishments .
Commenting on this narration , Muhammad ibn Adam al - Kawthari writes :
The above incident shows the importance of trying to avert a legal punishment as much as possible .
The man came and confessed to the Messenger of Allah ( Allah bless him & give him peace ) that he had committed unlawful sexual intercourse , yet the Messenger of Allah ignored him , in order that he may change his mind . [ 18 ]
It is narrated that the Prophet Muhammad would turn away from confessors , not wanting to hear what they had to say :
A man of the tribe of Aslam came to the Prophet and testified four times against himself that he had had illicit intercourse with a woman , while all the time the Prophet was turning away from him . [ 19 ]
In another instance , a man by the name of Maiz ibn Malik confessed to the Prophet Muhammad that he committed zinnah .
The Prophet replied by saying : “ Probably you have only kissed , or touched , or looked at her . ”
This was the Prophet ’s attempt to save the person from punishment , as only vaginal penetration is punishable ; anything less than that –including kissing , fondling , masturbation of oneself or of one ’s partner , and even anal and oral sex–is not punishable by the hadud ( Islamic corporal punishments ) .
Based on this , the Islamic judge is instructed to dismiss the confession by saying “ probably you have only kissed , or touched , or looked at her . ”
Muhammad ibn Adam al - Kawthari writes :
This famous incident of Ma’iz ibn Malik also gives the same message , in that the Imam ( leader ) should try his best to avoid the legal punishment .
This is the reason why it is recommended to say to the one who confesses committing fornication that “ You may only have touched , you may only have kissed , are you sure you had sex , think again properly of what you are saying and think of the consequences of your confession , ” and other such things . [ 20 ]
Reformist Muslims argue that there is as such no room for the hanging judge in Islam ; rather , Islamic judges ought to be merciful , generally leaning towards acquittal , at least in cases where the sin is against God and not a fellow human being .
The confessor is encouraged not to confess , or if he has already done so , to rescind his confession .
Maiz confessed to the sin of zinnah and told the Prophet Muhammad : “ Purify me , ” by which he meant to carry out corporal punishment and thus attain penance .
Yet , the Prophet Muhammad told Maiz not to seek the punishment but instead to simply pray to God for forgiveness ; the Prophet said to Maiz :
Woe to you !
Go back and ask God for forgiveness and repent to Him . [ 21 ]
In fact , it is highly encouraged ( mustahhab ) in Islam not to self - confess the sin of fornication and adultery , in order that these harsh punishments not be implemented .
When Maiz insisted that he be punished , the Prophet Muhammad told a third person :
If you had covered him with your garment , it would have been better for you . [ 22 ]
Muslims believe that God covers up a person ’s sins in the same way that clothing covers up a person ’s nude and embarrassing parts .
Islam instructs believers to utilize this merciful garment of God , and they are thus encouraged not to “ reveal what God has concealed . ”
Thus , the Prophet ’s disciples looked down upon self - confession , even saying about the one who confessed to zinnah :
Look at this man whose fault was concealed by God but who would not leave the matter alone , so that he was stoned like a dog . [ 23 ]
The Prophet ’s disciples had a dislike for self - confession , saying :
We , the Companions of the Apostle of God , used to talk mutually : “ Would it have been that al - Ghamidiyyah and Maiz ibn Malik had but withdrawn [ their confession ] after their confession … [ we ] would not have pursued them ( for punishment ) . ” [ 24 ]
The ultraconservative Saudi scholar Salih al - Munajjid quotes various classical scholars that confirm the view that repentance is better than confession :
Question : Will the zaani ( fornicator ) who repents be forgiven even if the hadd punishment is not carried out on him ?
I would like to know if a person commits fornication and he truely repents towards Allah would he be forgiven in the hereafter if the hadd of hundred lashes is not carried out on him in this world .
Can only repentance expiate him from this sin or unless and untill the hadd is not carried out on him he can never be forgiven and will be punished in the hereafter .
Please answer in accordance with Quran and sunnah .
I will be very grateful .
Answer : Praise be to Allaah .
The carrying out of the hadd punishment for a sin for which that punishment has been prescribed is an expiation for that sin .
Sincere repentance from sin is also an expiation for sin , and “ the one who repents from sin is like the one who did not sin . ”
And Allaah will turn his bad deeds into good deeds .
If he is sincere in his repentance , and prays a great deal for forgiveness , then he does not have to confess so that the hadd punishment may be carried out on him .
Rather repentance is sufficient , in sha Allaah .
Allaah says ( interpretation of the meaning ) :
And those who invoke not any other ilaah ( god ) along with Allaah , nor kill such person as Allaah has forbidden , except for just cause , nor commit illegal sexual intercourse–and whoever does this shall receive the punishment .
The torment will be doubled to him on the Day of Resurrection , and he will abide therein in disgrace ;
Except those who repent and believe … and do righteous deeds ; for those , Allaah will change their sins into good deeds , and Allaah is Oft - Forgiving , Most Merciful .
And whosoever repents and does righteous good deeds ; then verily , he repents towards Allaah with true repentance .
[ al - Furqaan 25:68 -71 ]
… In Saheeh Muslim ( 1695 ) it says that when Maa’iz came to the Prophet ( peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him ) and confessed that he had committed zina and said , “ Purify me ( i.e. , carry out the hadd punishment on me ) ” , he said to him , “ Woe to you , go back and ask Allaah for forgiveness and repent to Him . ”
[ Imam ]
Al - Nawawi said :
This hadeeth indicates that the burden of sin is lifted from one who repents from major sins , and this is according to the consensus of the Muslims .
[ Imam ] Al - Haafiz Ibn Hajar said : From this case – i.e. the case of Maa’iz when he confessed zina – it may be understood that it is mustahabb [ highly recommended ] for the one whose case is similar to repent to Allaah and to conceal himself and not mention his sin to anyone …
This was affirmed by al - Shaafa ’i who said : I prefer for the one who has committed a sin and been concealed by Allaah to conceal it himself and to repent .
Fath al - Baari , 12/124 , 125
And it was narrated from ‘ Abd - Allaah ibn ‘ Umar ( may Allaah be pleased with him ) that the Messenger of Allaah ( peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him ) said : “ Avoid these sins that Allaah has forbidden , but whoever does any of them , let him conceal himself with the concealment of Allaah and repent to Allaah , for whoever tells us of what he has done , we will carry out ( the punishment prescribed in ) the Book of Allaah on him [ and we do not desire that ] . ”
It was also narrated by al - Haakim in al - Mustadrak ‘ ala al - Saheehayn ( 4/425 ) and by al - Bayhaqi ( 8/330 ) ; classed as saheeh by al - Albaani in Saheeh al - Jaami ’ , 149 . [ 25 ]
And he writes elsewhere :
Repentance that is a matter between a person and his Lord is better for him than confessing his sin before a qaadi ( judge ) so that the hadd punishment may be carried out on him .
In Saheeh Muslim ( 1695 ) it is narrated that when Maa’iz came to the Messenger of Allaah ( peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him ) and said , “ Purify me , ” he said , “ Woe to you !
Go back and pray to Allaah for forgiveness and repent to Him . ”
Al - Haafiz Ibn Hajar said :
It may be understood from this case – the case of Maa’iz when he confessed to having committed zina – that it is mustahabb for the one who falls into a similar sin to repent to Allaah and conceal his sin and not mention it to anyone , as Abu Bakr and ‘ Umar said to Maa’iz .
Whoever discovers anything of that nature should conceal it according to what we have mentioned ; he should not expose it or refer the matter to the ruler , as the Prophet ( peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him ) said in this story : “ If you had concealed it with your garment it would have been better for you . ”
Hence al - Shaafa ’i ( may Allaah be pleased with him ) said : “ If a person commits a sin and Allaah conceals it for him , I prefer for him to conceal it too and to repent , ” and he quoted as evidence the story of Maa’iz with Abu Bakr and ‘ Umar . Fath al - Baari , 12/124 , 125 [ 26 ]
The fatwa site SunniPath.com issued the following religious verdict :
Question : I committed zina …
What should I do ?
… I know that according to the Shariah , I should face lashings … So what should I do in order to make amends with Allah Ta’ala ?
Answer :
In the Name of Allah , Most Merciful and Compassionate Conceal Your Sin
It is recommended for the one who commits zina to conceal his mistake and not tell anyone about it .
Rather , he or she should turn to Allah in sincere repentance .
It is not necessary or recommended to confess at an Islamic court and face the hadd punishment , and if someone did confess , it would be recommended for them to withdraw their confession and not be punished ( Tuhfat al - Muhtaj + Hashiyat Abd al - Hamid , 9.113 ) .
The Shafi ’is have many proofs for their position .
Among them is that when Ma’iz came to the Prophet ( Allah bless him and give him peace ) and asked him to purify him , the Prophet ( Allah bless him and give him peace ) said to him , “ Allah have mercy on you !
Go away and ask Allah ’s forgiveness ! ”
Ma’iz then left but soon returned and asked again to be purified , and the Prophet ( Allah bless him and give him peace ) repeated what he had said .
The same thing then happened a third time , and it was only after the fourth time that the Prophet ( Allah bless him and give him peace ) asked Ma iz some further Questions and ordered him to be punished ( related by Muslim + others ) .
When the hadd punishment was enforced on him , Ma’iz tried to run away but those stoning him chased him down and forcibly enforced the punishment on him .
When the Prophet ( Allah bless him and give him peace ) heard about this , he disapproved and said , “ Why did n’t you let him go ?
Perhaps he would have made repentance and Allah would have accepted his repentance . ” ( Abu Dawud ) Ibn Hajar notes in his Tuhfa that all of the offers made by the Messenger of Allah and his subsequent disapproval of his companions actions indicate that it is superior for one not to confess to committing zina , and that even if one did , it is recommended to withdraw one s confession .
Otherwise , the Prophet ’s ( Allah bless him and give him peace ) offers would be meaningless ( Tuhfat al - Muhtaj , 9.113 ) .
Another proof is that it is a sign of Allah ’s mercy that He has concealed one ’s sin from the sight of others , and the Shari’ah does not approve that one cast off this concealment despite Allah s having given it to one .
al - Khatib al - Shirbini explains in his commentary on the Minhaj :
It is sunna for the one who commits zina and anyone else who commits any act of disobedience to conceal his sin from others .
This is because of the hadith , “ Whoever commits any of these awful sins ( qadhurat ) , let him conceal himself with the concealment of Allah , for verily , whoever exposes his action to us ( man abda lana safhatahu ) , we will impose the hadd punishment upon him . ” ( related by Hakim and Bayhaqi with a strong ( qawiyy ) chain of transmission ) .
Exposing one ’s sin , then , in order to be punished by a hadd punishment or a discretionary punishment ( tazir ) goes against the recommended way …
Allah Loves to Forgive Allah Most High told us in the Qur an : “ Say , O my servants who have wronged themselves : despair not of Allah ’s mercy ; surely Allah forgives all sins ; surely , He is Most Merciful and Compassionate . ” ( 39:53 ) Commentators tell us that this verse is the most hope - inspiring verse in the Quran ( arja ayatin fi kitabi llah ) .
Reading this verse should cause every believer to rejoice .
No matter how great the sin , the door of repentance is always open .
Allah loves to forgive .
The Prophet ( Allah bless him and give him peace ) told us in a famous hadith that if we did not sin , Allah would create other people who would sin so that He could forgive them .
He also told us that the one who repents from a sin is like the one who has no sin .
May Allah envelop us all with His mercy and forgiveness and gather us together in Paradise . [ 27 ]
In fact , a Muslim is obligated to think good of God , and know that His Mercy overcomes His retribution .
Therefore , a believer should not only repent from such sins , but feel confident that his / her repentance was accepted by God ; failure to do so is a sign of disbelief in God and His Mercy , for God has already said : “ O My slaves , you commit sin night and day , and I forgive all sins , so ask Me for forgiveness . ” [ 28 ]
Some people erroneously believe that God will not or cannot forgive some sins , or that that they have sinned so much that the doors of repentance have been closed .
The redemptive Islamic faith , however , rejects such notions as being akin to doubting God ’s Mercy .
God says in the Quran :
O My slaves who have transgressed against themselves ( by sinning ) !
Despair not of the Mercy of God , for verily God forgives all sins .
Truly ,
He is Oft - Forgiving , Most Merciful .
( Quran , 39:53 - 54 )
And God says further :
O son of Adam , so long as you call upon
Me and put your hope in Me , I will forgive you for what you have done , and I shall not mind .
O son of Adam , if your sins were to reach the clouds of the sky , and were you to ask Me for forgiveness , I will forgive you and I shall not mind .
O son of Adam , if you were to come to Me with sins nearly the size of the earth … then I would bring you forgiveness … [ 29 ]
The Prophet Muhammad declared :
The one who repents from his sin is like the one who did not sin in the first place . [ 30 ]
Not only is the Islamic authority to dissuade the believer from confessing his sins , but he should also leave the opportunity open for the confessor to withdraw his confession , any time before or even during the enactment of the punishment .
As Muhammad ibn Adam al - Kawthari writes :
If the confessor takes back his words before the punishment is enforced or during the punishment , he / she will be released and set free .
( See : al - Ikhtiyar li talil al - Mukhtar , 2/311- 316 and other major Hanafi Fiqh references ) [ 31 ]
In one narration , a man confesses to adultery and insists upon the punishment for himself .
Yet , when the first stone was thrown at him , he reconsidered his ill - fated decision .
The Prophet Muhammad chastised his disciples for not letting the man go at this point :
While [ the man ] was being stoned he felt the effect of the stones and could not bear it and fled .
But Abdullah ibn Unais [ chased ] him …and killed him .
They then went to the Prophet and reported it to him .
[ The Prophet ] said : “ Why did you not leave him alone ?
Perhaps he might have repented and been forgiven by God . ” [ 32 ]
It seems then that it is preferable to simply seek repentance and forgiveness instead of justice and punishment .
The Prophet Muhammad and his disciples discouraged self - confession , arguing that people ought to hide their sins and seek repentance from God alone .
The Call for a Moratorium on Corporal Punishments
Reformist Muslims argue that there would hardly be people today who would seek the punishment upon themselves , especially when they know that religiously it is preferable not do that .
The atmosphere of the ideal Islamic state , they reason , should be one of forgiveness , not of persecution .
If the Prophet Muhammad detested punishing people based on their own self - confession , then how misguided are those fundamentalists who are known to drag unwilling women to be stoned against their will ?
Many reformist Muslims have responded positively to Dr. Tariq Ramadan ’s International Call for Moratorium on Corporal Punishment , Stoning and the Death Penalty in the Islamic World , commonly referred to by the less cumbersome name The Call for a Moratorium .
Ramadan , the leading reformist Muslim scholar of the world , argues that the manner in which various fundamentalists are implementing the hadud ( corporal punishments ) is so radically incorrect that there ought to be a complete moratorium on all such punishments until stringent and up - to - date standards are set .
In the meantime , Ramadan has called for a dialogue in the Islamic world in order to properly understand the matter , and to stop fundamentalist interpretations from spreading .
Whilst some conservative Muslims have reacted cautiously to Ramadan ’s wording , they do agree with him that the fundamentalists are implementing the law in an incorrect fashion .
Fundamentalist Interpretations as a Backlash
Dr. Tariq Ramadan notes that the recent resurgence of fundamentalist interpretations can be traced to a reactionary feeling in the post - colonial Islamic world ; enforcing such punishments evokes a negative response in the West , and because many in the Muslim world associate the West with colonialism and “ neo-colonialism ” , this reaction seems to validate their Islamic identity .
In other words , the logic is : the West is bad , the West does not like these punishments , and therefore these punishments are good .
This has more to do with identity politics than religious theology .
Writes Ramadan :
On the question of hudûd [ corporal punishments ] , one sometimes sees popular support hoping or exacting a literal and immediate application because the latter [ supposedly ] would guarantee henceforth the “ Islamic ” character of a society …
When one studies this phenomenon , two types of reasoning generally motivate these claims : 1 . The literal and immediate application of the hudûd legally and socially provides a visible reference to Islam .
The legislation , by its harshness , gives the feeling of fidelity to the Qur’anic injunctions that demands rigorous respect of the text …
2 . The opposition and condemnations by the West supplies , paradoxically , the popular feeling of fidelity to the Islamic teachings ; a reasoning that is antithetical , simple and simplistic .
The intense opposition of the West is sufficient proof of the authentic Islamic character of the literal application of hudûd .
Some will persuade themselves by asserting that the West has long since lost its moral references and became so permissive that the harshness of the Islamic penal code which punishes behaviors judged immoral , is by antithesis , the true and only alternative “ to Western decadence ” .
These formalistic and binary reasoning are fundamentally dangerous for they claim and grant an Islamic quality to a legislation , not in what it promotes , protects and applies justice to , but more so because it sanctions harsh and visible punishment to certain behaviors and in stark contrast and opposition to the Western laws , which are perceived as morally permissive and without a reference to religion [ 3 ] .
One sees today that communities or Muslim people satisfy themselves with this type of legitimacy to back a government or a party that calls for an application of the sharî ’a narrowly understood as a literal and immediate application of corporal punishment , stoning and the death penalty .
When this type of popular passion takes hold , it is the first sign of a will to respond to various forms of frustration and humiliation by asserting an identity that perceives itself as Islamic ( and anti-Western ) .
Such an identity is not based on the comprehension of the objectives of the Islamic teachings ( al maqâsid ) or the different interpretations and conditions relating to the application of the hudûd … [ but rather ] a binary reasoning ( less West is more Islam ) . [ 33 ]
The more the West pushes to remove such laws that are deemed Islamic , the more the people feel threatened by Western domination ; they push back harder by calling for even stricter interpretation and implementation .
Such fundamentalist understandings have particular appeal in war - ravaged areas such as Afghanistan and Somalia .
The U.S. ’s heavy handed policies in the Islamic world , coupled with a bombardment of traditional Islamic society with Western culture , has created a reactionary backlash .
Instead of valuing the nuances and richness of Islamic jurisprudence , many Westerners denigrate all of Islam , thereby alienating the very population they are trying to influence .
But there is hope : reformist Muslims are forcing the Islamic world to have the much needed debate .
Even in the ultraconservative country of Saudi Arabia , for example , reformists who challenge the status quo are emerging .
The movement will be gradual in nature , and one cannot simply expect a reformation overnight .
Yet , the process has begun and is gaining momentum .
Pregnancy as a Proof
Pregnancy has been mentioned by some jurists as a proof for fornication in the case of an unmarried woman .
Yet , this requires some elaboration .
The pregnancy alone cannot be used to justify her punishment ; the woman can simply deny the act of fornication .
She may for instance have engaged in illicit sexual conduct short of vaginal penetration , which may inadvertently have led to pregnancy .
For example , the man could have ejaculated near her thighs and some semen may have entered the vagina that way .
( Remember : the legal punishment only applies to those cases where there is vaginal penetration ; if a person confesses to sexual conduct short of vaginal penetration , there is no hadd punishment . )
Furthermore , the woman may have been raped , had sex whilst she was temporarily insane , or been asleep whilst a man ejaculated in her .
These excuses may seem extraordinary , but that ’s the point : any doubt whatsoever should be enough to acquit the defendant , which is the goal of the Islamic court .
SunniPath.com , a fatwa site , answers the following question :
Question :
Is pregnancy considered sufficient evidence for the enactment of the hadd punishment for adultery ?
Answer :
In the Name of Allah , Most Merciful and Compassionate No. The Prophet ( Allah bless him and give him peace ) commanded us in a famous hadith to ward off the hadd punishments with doubts [ shubuhat ] .
Many punishments prescribed by Islamic Law often seem very harsh , but people forget that these punishments are only applied when certain very stringent conditions are met …
It is mentioned in Bughyat al - Mustarshidin that an unmarried woman who gets pregnant and does not confess to have committed fornication [ zina ] does not deserve the hadd punishment , since she could have been accidentally had intercourse with [ wat ul - shubha ] , she could have been asleep , she could have been insane ( and hence not responsible for her actions ) when the intercourse happened , or she could have been coerced , all of which are doubts [ shubuhat ] that make the hadd punishment inapplicable to her .
[ Bughyat al - Mustarshidin , 249 ] [ 34 ]
Salman al - Oudah , a Saudi cleric , posted the following fatwa on his website :
Question : Can a single woman be accused and convicted of fornication on the strength of her falling pregnant ?
Answered by Sheikh Sulaymân al - `Îsâ , professor at al - Imâm University in Riyadh … The woman will not receive punishment just because of pregnancy .
Women can fall pregnant without committing illegal sexual intercourse .
A woman could be raped or coerced .
In this case , she is a victim and not the perpetrator of a crime .
Therefore , she cannot be punished or even accused of misconduct merely on the strength of her falling pregnant .
This opinion is held by many people of knowledge .
Ibn Qudâmah said in his book al - Mughnî :
If a woman becomes pregnant without having a husband or a master , she may not be punished and , instead , she should be asked about it , if she claimed that she was coerced into it or that she committed adultery under dubious circumstances , or if she simply does not confess adultery then she will not be punished .
This is the saying of Abu Hanîfah and al - Shâfi`î , because she may be pregnant as a result of a forceful intercourse or dubious circumstances .
Punishment will be abandoned in case suspicion exists .
It is well known that a woman could become pregnant without engaging in true intercourse .
The woman may become pregnant if sperm is manually inserted into her vagina .
This would explain how a virgin becomes pregnant . [ 35 ]
Although theoretically the punishment could be implemented based on pregnancy , practically it is never so , because there is always an element of doubt which wards off punishment .
Al - Li’an
The fourth ( and last ) means of a conviction is through the process of li’an .
After the Prophet Muhammad enacted such stringent laws barring men from accusing women of fornication and adultery , some of the husbands complained , asking what to do if they entered the home to find another man in their bed .
Should a husband who catches his wife red - handed be barred from testifying against her simply because he cannot fulfill the “ near impossible ” four witnesses requirement ?
While it may be true that a stranger has no business meddling in the private affairs of a woman , is n’t the husband a special case because he is directly affected by her infidelity ?
These concerns were brought to the Prophet Muhammad , and the verses of Al - Li’an were then revealed .
I discussed this in part 1 of my rebuttal :
Both the Quran and the Bible deal with the case of a husband accusing his wife of adultery .
The Quran declares that if a wife denies the charges , then she is exonerated by the law–her testimony is accepted over that of her husband ’s , and any worldly punishment is waived .
The Quran declares :
As for those who accuse their wives but have no witnesses except themselves : let the testimony of one of them be four testimonies , swearing by God that he is of those who speaks the truth ;
And the fifth oath should be invoking the curse of God on himself if he is of those who lie .
But it shall avert the punishment from her if she bears witness / testifies before God four times that the thing he says is indeed false , and if she takes an oath a fifth time that the wrath of God be upon her if he speaks the truth .
( Quran , 24:6 -9 ) This is the Islamic law of Al - Li’an .
The Bible , on the other hand , has the Law of Jealousy : if a husband suspects his wife of adultery , then he is to bring her to the priest .
The priest will then dump dust and ink into a container of water , and force her to drink the dirtied water .
If she gets sick from it ( or dies ) , it proves the allegation that she was adulterous ; if she does not fall sick , then she is exonerated .
Furthermore , the woman is to drink this water in a state of public humiliation : her head is to be uncovered ( a sign of shame back then ) and she is forced to stand at the east gate of the temple in sight of the people , so that she might serve as a reminder against lewdness .
( All this even before she drinks the contaminated water . )
The Bible declares :
The Test for an Unfaithful Wife
Then the LORD said to Moses , “ Speak to the Israelites and say to them : ‘ If a man ’s wife goes astray and is unfaithful to him by sleeping with another man , and this is hidden from her husband and her impurity is undetected since there is no witness against her and she has not been caught in the act , and if feelings of jealousy come over her husband and he suspects his wife and she is impure or if he is jealous and suspects her even though she is not impure–then he is to take his wife to the priest …
The priest shall bring her and have her stand before the LORD .
Then he shall take some holy water in a clay jar and put some dust from the tabernacle floor into the water .
… Then the priest shall put the woman under oath and say to her , “ If no other man has slept with you and you have not gone astray and become impure while married to your husband , may this bitter water that brings a curse not harm you .
But if you have gone astray while married to your husband and you have defiled yourself by sleeping with a man other than your husband ” –here the priest is to put the woman under this curse of the oath– ” may the LORD cause your people to curse and denounce you when he causes your thigh to waste away and your abdomen to swell .
May this water that brings a curse enter your body so that your abdomen swells and your thigh wastes away .
” Then the woman is to say , “ Amen .
So be it . ”
The priest is to write these curses on a scroll and then wash them off into the bitter water .
He shall have the woman drink the bitter water that brings a curse , and this water will enter her and cause bitter suffering …
He is to have the woman drink the water .
If she has defiled herself and been unfaithful to her husband , then when she is made to drink the water that brings a curse , it will go into her and cause bitter suffering ; her abdomen will swell and her thigh waste away , and she will become accursed among her people .
If , however , the woman has not defiled herself and is free from impurity , she will be cleared of guilt and will be able to have children .
This , then , is the law of jealousy when a woman goes astray and defiles herself while married to her husband , or when feelings of jealousy come over a man because he suspects his wife .
The priest is to have her stand before the LORD and is to apply this entire law to her [ i.e. death by stoning ] .
The husband will be innocent of any wrongdoing , but the woman will bear the consequences of her sin . ’ ” ( Numbers 5:11 - 31 )
Matthew Henry , the eminent seventeenth and eighteenth century commentator on the Bible , explained these verses :
We have here the law concerning the solemn trial of a wife whose husband was jealous of her .
I . What was the case supposed : 1 . That a man had some reason to suspect his wife to have committed adultery , 2 .
It is supposed to be a sin which great care is taken by the sinners to conceal , which there is no witness of …
3 . The spirit of jealousy is supposed to come upon the husband … then he may compel her to drink the bitter water .
But the law here does not tie him to that particular method of proving the just cause of his suspicion ; it might be otherwise proved .
In case it could be proved that she had committed adultery , she was to be put to death ( Lev. 20:10 ) ; but , if it was uncertain , then this law took place .
Hence , ( 1. )
Let all wives be admonished not to give any the least occasion for the suspicion of their chastity ; it is not enough that they abstain from the evil of uncleanness , but they must abstain from all appearance of it , from every thing that looks like it , or leads to it , or may give the least umbrage to jealousy ; for how great a matter may a little fire kindle !
( 2. ) Let all husbands be admonished not to entertain any causeless or unjust suspicions of their wives …
II .
The process of the trial must be thus : ( 1. )
Her husband must bring her to the priest , with the witnesses that could prove the ground of his suspicion , and desire that she might be put upon her trial .
The Jews say that the priest was first to endeavour to persuade her to confess the truth …
If she confessed , saying , “ I am defiled , ” she was not put to death , but was divorced and lost her dowry ; if she said , “ I am pure , ” then they proceeded . … ( 3. )
The priest was to prepare the water of jealousy … it must be [ in ] an earthen vessel , because the coarser and plainer every thing was the more agreeable it was to the occasion .
Dust must be put into the water , to signify the reproach she lay under , and the shame she ought to take to herself , putting her mouth in the dust ; but dust from the floor of the tabernacle … ( 4 . )
The woman was to be set before the Lord , at the east gate of the temple - court ( say the Jews ) , and her head was to be uncovered , in token of her sorrowful condition ; and there she stood for a spectacle to the world , that other women might learn not to do after her lewdness , Eze. 23:48 … ( 5 . )
The priest was to adjure her to tell the truth , and to denounce the curse of God against her if she were guilty , and to declare what would be the effect of her drinking the water of jealousy , v. 19 - 22 .
He must assure her that , if she were innocent , the water would do her no harm , v. 19 .
None need fear the curse of the law if they have not broken the commands of the law .
But , if she were guilty , this water would be poison to her , it would make her belly to swell and her thigh to rot , and she should be a curse or abomination among her people , v. 21 , 22 … ( 6 . )
The priest was to write this curse in a scrip or scroll of parchment , verbatim - word for word , as he had expressed it , and then to wipe or scrape out what he had written into the water ( v. 23 ) , to signify that it was that curse which impregnated the water , and gave it its strength to effect what was intended .
It signified that , if she were innocent , the curse should be blotted out and never appear against her , as it is written , Isa .
43:25 , I am he that blotteth out thy transgression , and Ps. 51:9 , Blot out my iniquities ; but that , if she were guilty , the curse , as it was written , being infused into the water , would enter into her bowels with the water , even like oil into her bones ( Ps. 109:18 ) … ( 7 . )
The woman must then drink the water ( v. 24 ) ; it is called the bitter water … … ( 9 . ) … If the suspected woman was really guilty , the water she drank would be poison to her ( v. 27 ) , her belly would swell and her thigh rot by a vile disease for vile deserts , and she would mourn at the last when her flesh and body were consumed , Prov. 5:11 .
Bishop Patrick says , from some of the Jewish writers , that the effect of these waters appeared immediately , she grew pale , and her eyes ready to start out of her head …
A special law for husbands exists in both Christianity and Islam .
Under Islamic law , the woman can avert the punishment simply by swearing to God that her husband is lying .
Even if she herself is lying when she does that , she can repent after that .
The Islamic exegist Ibn Kathir comments on the verses of Al - Li’an :
“ But she shall avert the punishment ” meaning , the prescribed punishment … Then God mentions
His grace and kindness to His creation in that He has prescribed for them a way out of their difficulties .
God says : “ And had it not been for the grace of God and His mercy on you ” meaning , many of your affairs would have been too difficult for you , “ And that God is the One Who forgives and accepts repentance , ” means , from His servants , even if that comes after they have sworn a confirmed oath . [ 36 ]
Although it will be counted as a sin against her for lying , she may be able to achieve penance by seeking forgiveness and correcting her ways .
Again , when it comes to convicting people of zinnah , the emphasis is always on acquittal .
The reasons for revelation of these Quranic verses revolved around husbands who walked in on their wives having sex with stranger men .
They complained to the Prophet Muhammad , and then a problem arose .
Should these husbands be lashed for claiming that their wives had committed adultery ?
After all , they had n’t fulfilled the “ near impossible ” requirement of providing four witnesses .
Remember : the purpose of this requirement was to deter men from accusing women of being unchaste , because they should mind their own business ; but could anyone doubt the fact that a wife ’s disloyalty is a husband ’s business ?
So the question arose : did a husband have to provide four witnesses if he walked in on his wife having an affair with another man ?
One of the Prophet ’s disciples , a man by the name of Saad ibn Ubadah , said :
By God , O Messenger of God , I know that it [ the verse requiring four witnesses ] is true and is from God , but I am surprised .
If I found some wicked man lying down with my wife , should I not disturb him until I have brought four witnesses ?
By God , he would have finished what he was doing before I could bring them !
And later , a man by the name of Hilal ibn Umayyah walked in on his wife having sex with a stranger man .
He lamented to the Prophet Muhammad :
O Messenger of God , I came to my wife at night and found a man with her , and I saw with my own eyes and heard with my own ears .
The Prophet wanted to punish Hilal , for accusing a woman of being unchaste .
Accusing a woman of fornication or adultery is considered a grave crime in Islam , which is the entire reason behind the four witnesses requirement .
The Prophet Muhammad replied :
[ Bring forth ] evidence or the punishment on your back .
A group of the Muslims commented on the situation , saying :
We were being tested by what Saad bin Ubadah said , and now the Messenger of God will punish Hilal bin Umayyah and declare his testimony before people to be unacceptable .
Hilal responded :
By God , I hope that God will make for me a way out from this problem .
O Messenger of God , I see how upset you are by what I have said , but God knows that I am telling the truth .
It was at that point that God revealed the verses of Al - Li’an to the Prophet Muhammad , as follows :
And for those who accuse their wives but have no witnesses except themselves , let the testimony of one of them be four testimonies by God. ( Quran , 24:6 )
In that way , Hilal was saved from punishment , and the Prophet Muhammad said :
Rejoice , O Hilal , for God has made a way out for you .
The wife denied Hilal ’s claim and said :
He is lying .
She swore four times and then a fifth time that she was innocent .
According to the verses of Al - Li’an , the wife ’s testimony trumps that of the husband ’s .
The Prophet Muhammad declared the two forever divorced , but neither party was to receive any worldly punishment .
The woman became pregnant and gave birth to a child who looked nothing like her husband ; in fact , the child looked exactly like the man that Hilal accused of having the affair with his wife .
From this , the Prophet Muhammad knew that the woman was guilty , but he declared :
Were it not for the Book of God , I would deal with her . [ 37 ]
In other words , the Quran constrained the people from punishing an adulterous woman , even when there was ample proof against her .
( This is also the reason that jurists today reject photographic evidence or DNA proof . )
Reformist Muslims criticize fundamentalists for convicting women based on spurious evidence , whereas the Prophet Muhammad did n’t do that even when he had rock solid proof .
Non-Muslims
It should be noted that the hadud ( corporal punishments ) of the Sharia are only applicable to Muslims .
In the classical era , the Islamic state did not enforce such laws upon non-Muslims .
Rather , the non-Muslims were free to rule themselves according to their own religious scriptures , in accordance to the practice of the Prophet Muhammad .
I discussed this in more detail here .
As for Muslims living in non-Muslim lands , it is understood by Islamic jurisprudence that there is no hadud applicable there , even upon Muslims .
The hadud is to be enforced only in the lands of Islam , under the auspices of the Imam or Caliph of the Muslims .
The fatwa site SunniPath.com says :
Hadd punishments are the province of the Imam of the Muslims , and are irrelevant for Muslims living in the West . [ 38 ]
Conclusion
There are four ways to secure a conviction for fornication and adultery : ( 1 ) four witnesses , ( 2 ) self - confession , ( 3 ) pregnancy , and ( 4 ) Al - Li’an .
Yet , Muslims believe that all four routes have been virtually closed off by the Mercy of God . ( 1 ) The requirement of four witnesses is “ near impossible ” to fulfill : according to Islamic clerics , not a single case exists in the entire history of Islam in which it was fulfilled .
( 2 ) As for self - confession , the Islamic tradition strongly recommends believers not to confess their sins or seek legal punishments ; rather , they should repent to God in private and bask in His Mercy .
( 3 ) As for pregnancy , it is not sufficient proof in and of itself ; if an unmarried pregnant woman denies that she committed fornication , this is enough to save her from punishment .
( 4 ) As for Al - Li’an , the wife ’s testimony trumps the husband ’s , and saves her from any punishment , even if she is really guilty .
The general rule , argue reformist Muslims , is that the government should mind its own business and not interfere in the private lives of its citizens .
As for the sexual escapades of its citizens , this does not fall under the jurisdiction of the Islamic state .
Rather , argue these Muslims , the authorities ought to educate the citizenry about the sinful nature of fornication and adultery , its ill effects on society , and the benefits of chastity .
Ultimately , it is better for people to abstain from sins based on their own moral compass than from the heavy hand of government .
It is for this reason that sexual sins remain unpunished in this world , according to reformist ( and even conservative ) Muslims .
When it comes to consensual sex between two consenting adults , there is no Islamic legal punishment that is enforced .
Robert Spencer has used this fact to claim that the Sharia takes a similar stance towards rape .
His argument is that the Islamic law requires four witnesses to prove rape , a “ near impossible ” requirement .
I shall refute his claim in my next article .
Footnotes
refer back to article 1 . Sunan Abu Dawud , Book 38 , # 4435
refer back to article 2 . al - Ikhtiyar li talil al - Mukhtar , 2/312-313
refer back to article 3 . Khaled Abou El Fadl , The Death Penalty , Mercy , and Islam : A Call for Retrospection
refer back to article 4 .
http://www.jewishencyclopedia.com/view.jsp?artid=865&letter=A
refer back to article 5 . Sahih al - Bukhari , Sahih al - Muslim
refer back to article 6 . Sahih al - Muslim
refer back to article 7 .
http://www.fountainmagazine.com/article.php?ARTICLEID=1039
refer back to article 8 .
http://www.scholarofthehouse.org/islamicsexlaws.html
refer back to article 9 .
http://qa.sunnipath.com/issue_view.asp?HD=1&ID=4208&CATE=42
refer back to article 10 .
Ibid .
refer back to article 11 .
I have used the term “ Wahhabi ” here simply because the readers may be unfamiliar with the proper term “ Salafi ” .
refer back to article 12 . al - Sharh al - Mumti’ ( 6/157 )
refer back to article 13 .
http://islamqa.com/en/ref/88051/pregnancy%20proof
refer back to article 14 .
http://www.islam-qa.com/en/ref/6926
refer back to article 15 .
Sunan Abu Dawud , Book 38 , # 4387
refer back to article 16 .
Sahih al - Bukhari , Sahih al - Muslim
refer back to article 17 .
Sahih al - Muslim
refer back to article 18 .
http://qa.sunnipath.com/issue_view.asp?HD=1&ID=4208&CATE=42
refer back to article 19 .
Sunan Abu Dawud , Book 38 , # 4414
refer back to article 20 .
http://qa.sunnipath.com/issue_view.asp?HD=1&ID=4208&CATE=42
refer back to article 21 .
Sahih Muslim , # 1695
refer back to article 22 .
Sunan Abu Dawud
refer back to article 23 .
Sunan Abu Dawud , Book 38 , # 4414
refer back to article 24 .
Sunan Abu Dawud , Book 38 , # 4420
refer back to article 25 .
http://www.islamqa.com/en/ref/27113/confession
refer back to article 26 .
http://www.islamqa.com/en/ref/23485
refer back to article 27 .
http://qa.sunnipath.com/issue_view.asp?HD=3&ID=1549&CATE=389
refer back to article 28 .
Sahih Muslim , # 2577
refer back to article 29 .
Sahih al - Jami , # 4338
refer back to article 30 .
Sahih al - Jami , # 3008
refer back to article 31 .
http://qa.sunnipath.com/issue_view.asp?HD=1&ID=4208&CATE=42
refer back to article 32 .
Sunan Abu Dawud , Book 38 , # 4405
refer back to article 33 .
http://www.tariqramadan.com/spip.php?article264
refer back to article 34 .
http://qa.sunnipath.com/issue_view.asp?HD=3&ID=1550&CATE=389
refer back to article 35 .
http://islamtoday.com/show_detail_section.cfm?q_id=158&main_cat_id=6
refer back to article 36 .
Tafsir ibn Kathir , commentary on chapter 24
refer back to article 37 .
Ibid. ; all quotes from the above story are taken from Tafsir ibn Kathir
refer back to article 38 .
http://qa.sunnipath.com/issue_view.asp?HD=3&ID=1550&CATE=389
First of all , who gets fired from the “ Real Housewives ” for drinking too much ?
Sources say Dorinda Medley had taken …
