Mourning Objects
Design student Anna Schwamborn has created a range of jewelry made with the hair and cremated ashes of a dead loved ones .
( Pics )
Schwamborn , who has worked for Alexander McQueen and Vivienne Westwood and is studying at Central St Martins in London , uses real human hair and human ashes mixed with black bone china .
The series comprises a rosary , necklace and a watch chain tear catcher .
“ Besides pure hair being used , cremated human ashes are mixed with black bone china , the world´s highest class porcelain .
The objects are supposed to be worn close to the body of the mourner symbolizing a lasting physical connection between two individuals even after death .
Furthermore this collection is supposed to remind the wearer on the fragility and appreciation of life and most importantly , acting as a keepsake . ”
Via Dezeen
Security researchers have found a treasure chest of FTP passwords , some from high profile sites , on an open cybercrime server .
Jacques Erasmus , CTO at security tools firm Prevx , stumbled across a site where a Trojan is uploading FTP login credentials captured from compromised machines .
So far , Erasmus has found logins for ftp.bbc.co.uk , ftp.cisco.com , ftp.amazon.com , ftp.monster.com and , even security sites including ftp.mcafee.com and ftp.symantec.com along the extensive list of more than 68,000 .
Other login credentials refer to the Bank of America , one of the few organisations PrevX has had time to notify directly at the time of writing .
Initial investigations suggest the logins were swiped during the last two weeks and that at least some remain valid .
The breach therefore opens the door for hackers to upload drive - by download scripts and other nasties onto compromised sites .
PrevX is running scans to detect rogue iFrames on potentially vulnerable sites , and is yet to see any evidence that this has actually happened .
Erasmus explained that the FTP login data is getting uploaded by a variant of the zbot Trojan onto a server hosted in China , where they are stored in plain text and thus potentially open to all and sundry to find and abuse .
PrevX has filed an abuse complaint against the site with the hosting provider .
" The data is harvested from users ' machines , when they get infected , " Erasmus explained .
" A typical scenario might be that a web designer for one of the organisations gets infected , his stored ftp login details gets compromised , and so the attacker in this case is able to log in to the ftp site and compromise the website pages . "
" It 's the biggest compromise of its type I 've seen , " Erasmus told El Reg . ®
Oregon soldiers will find it easier to avoid repossessions , keep their jobs , stay in college , get a home loan and spend time with their families because of the 2009 Legislature .
New laws deliver more legal and logistical support than hard cash from the state 's strapped coffers .
Eight years of combat by the Oregon National Guard created wide political support .
But the passage of 19 new laws , and another five awaiting the governor 's signature , has less to do with young patriots than with middle - aged military veterans in key positions who , like a stealth army , have brought the full weight of their personal experience to the fore .
New laws to benefit Oregon veterans
Legislation approved includes :
• Unpaid family leave for spouses of deploying service members .
• Making May 8 Military Families Appreciation Day .
• Prohibiting discrimination against employees because of their military service .
• Allowing for payment of damages and attorney fees to service members suing under the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act .
• Protecting discharge records from accidental disclosure .
• Offering reduced tuition to out - of - state vets attending Oregon universities .
• Eliminating post -9/11 service requirements for tuition waivers for dependents of those killed in action or 100 percent disabled .
On the governor 's desk :
• Designating U.S. Highway 97 as World War II Veterans Historic Highway .
• Placing designated veteran service officers on college campuses .
• Deleting the 15 - year limit on veterans ' use of preference in public employment .
From the governor 's top military aide , a combat veteran who has deployed three times since 2003 , to the attorney general , who was the only Marine in his freshman class at Yale , an aggressive new network of veterans has propelled much of the agenda .
Gov.
Ted Kulongoski plotted the strategy for months , usually en route to mobilizations and military funerals .
" I do n't think there has been anything like this in 70 years , " says Jim Willis , Oregon Department of Veterans ' Affairs director .
" This is very personal . "
For the last three sessions , conflicting priorities and private bills by traditional veterans groups so stymied legislators that almost none passed , advocates say .
For this session , Kulongoski wanted a single veterans agenda and appointed an Oregon Air National Guard officer , Maj .
Paul Evans , to bring everyone in line .
The two men had met during Evans ' failed 2006 bid for the state Senate .
Evans , a former Monmouth mayor who handed out dog tags instead of campaign buttons , had deployed twice to Iraq and left for Afghanistan before the campaign ended .
The governor traveled through a November storm to attend his going - away party .
After Evans lost , Kulongoski asked him to serve as his military aide .
Evans said the governor wanted to avoid Vietnam - era delays in helping veterans and he wanted to capitalize on support from the Oregon Guard 's repeated deployments .
But he also knew the state 's health care , education and employment systems were maxed out .
One solution was to help vets get the Veterans Affairs benefits they 'd earned but had n't used , freeing up capacity elsewhere in the system .
Only 80,000 of the 351,000 veterans in Oregon receive federal benefits , valued at $ 1.12 billion .
That means another $ 4 billion in benefits is out there .
" But finding veterans is like finding salmon , " Evans said .
" They move .
They do n't want to be counted .
They do n't want to be caught . "
Task force with teeth
The governor put Evans in charge of a 27 - member task force to reach those vets and find ways to improve education , health care , housing and retirement for each generation of veterans from World War II to Iraq .
Evans scheduled six town hall meetings to develop the blueprint .
He wound up holding 24 town halls -- with 530 people showing up .
And as it traveled the state , the task force tightened around a core of veterans that volunteer member Mike Burton , a Portland State University vice provost , called " a band of brothers . "
The task force filed a 279 - page report in December with 39 recommendations , later narrowed to 24 .
Nineteen have become law , and five others await the governor 's signature .
The governor also signed an executive order creating one of the most aggressive outreach programs in the country , setting up a post card and Web site system to help vets get information about benefits and services if they have any contact with a state agency .
" Considering the economy , we 've done pretty darn good , " said Kevin O'Reilly , of the Oregon chapter of the Paralyzed Veterans of America .
Nearly 70 other bills not advanced by the task force never made it out of legislative committee , including two new veterans homes and boosting property tax exemptions for disabled vets .
Mac MacDonald , of the United Veterans Groups of Oregon , characterized the session overall as " disappointing . "
Eight of the laws are memorials that merely allow Congress to act on a measure .
But Willis say they go beyond the usual " feel good " memorials because U.S. Reps .
Earl Blumenauer , Greg Walden , Peter DeFazio , David Wu and Kurt Schrader , and Sens. Jeff Merkley and Ron Wyden , have committed to introducing bills .
Chief among them : the 90 - day soft landing for returning Guard members that Wyden says he will introduce this summer .
Task force member Burton , who served in the Legislature and was the CEO of Metro , said when he first ran for public office in the 1970s , a friend advised him to downplay his Air Force service , including two years of combat in Vietnam .
Burton said working on the task force allowed him to acknowledge and honor the education , leadership and experience he had earned serving .
" I feel better about this outcome and its impact than any legislation I 've been involved with , " Burton said .
Kroger seeks firepower
Two new laws prohibit actions such as evicting soldiers ' families , repossessing their cars while they are deployed , or firing or retaliating against a service member at work .
Both are already covered by long - standing federal laws .
But they were brought forward by Attorney General John Kroger , who wanted the added firepower of taking people to court .
" Unless you can sue people who engage in civil rights violations , " he said , " it 's hard to get them to stop . "
Kroger met with the governor 's task force before he was elected .
And on one of his first days in office , he sent staff members an e-mail asking for volunteers who were interested in veterans ' issues .
A self - described troublemaker in high school ( " I drank and skipped school ) , Kroger joined the Marines at 17 .
Being a Marine was " an extraordinary experience , " Kroger said .
" I think the Marine Corps taught me how to think , how to figure out an objective , and go from there . "
He also learned , after enrolling in Yale only nine days after his discharge , how difficult it was to adjust to civilian life .
" It took me a year to find ways to conform , and that was in peacetime . "
Two of his staff attorneys jumped at the e-mail .
Senior Assistant Attorney General Paul Sundermier has worked on cases from the spotted owl to civil racketeering , but he also had served as a military police officer in 1966 who could n't wear his uniform hitchhiking home .
He had battled for VA benefits on behalf of his disabled father and knew the financial pressure on military families from his daughter and son - in - law 's service .
His close friend and co-worker David Kramer , in charge of employment litigation for the state , is also a retired Air Force Reserve colonel who served as a lawyer on active duty and the reserves , prosecuting and defending airmen and helping local reservists navigate day - to - day legal problems .
Meeting over dinner or at home ( they 're neighbors ) , the two men focused on consumer protection and employment and wrote two bills that would give the state the ability to sue on behalf of veterans .
They say Kroger listened for five minutes , stood up and said , " Let 's do it . "
Advocates say it will take at least two more sessions to pass all the task force recommendations .
They say the task force has been so successful that the Legislature is expected to create three new ones : on transportation , women 's health and reintegration .
They credit a swath of legislators , veterans and nonveterans alike , for the nearly unanimous passage of such measures .
But combat veteran Rep. Greg Matthews , D - Gresham , said the nearly 3,000 Oregonians heading to Iraq this summer with the Oregon National Guard have greatly helped .
" This has been an amazing session , " he said .
-- Julie Sullivan ; juliesullivan@news.oregonian.com
Interesting TRUTH
Truth About the Impact of Climate Change
Added by viorel on Jun 03 , 2009 | Visited by 5525 | Voted by 73 persons
According to a group of experts headed by Kofi Annan , ex-U.N. Secretary General , 300,000 people die every year from disasters that occur as a result of climate change .
In addition , these disasters lead to about $ 125 billion in economic losses worldwide , the most affected field being agriculture .
The calculations presented at the Global Humanitarian Forum showed that climate change has a serious impact on 325 million people and , according to specialists , this number will double by 2030 .
In future , a greater number of people will suffer from natural disasters produced as a result of climate change that also leads to environmental degradation .
Silent Human Crisis
Kofi Anan stated that climate change represents a silent human crisis , addition that it is currently the greatest rising humanitarian challenge .
The report presented at the Forum states that sea levels continue rising , rainfall patterns are changing and desertification that take place worldwide leads to the reduction of access to safe drinking water , as well as food , with more people having to look for other sources .
Such effects of climate change lead to an increased number of cases of diarrhea , malaria and malnutrition .
According to the report , 99 percent of people die each year as a result of climate change causes , live in developing countries .
This is despite the fact that those countries produce less than one percent of total greenhouse gas emissions , which are the main cause of global warming .
It is worth mentioning that the conclusions presented in the report were based on a number of existing information regarding weather - related disasters , population tendencies , as well as economic forecasts .
Climate Change and Human Health
Climate change has also a great impact on human health , its living signs being tree - munching beetles , malaria - carrying mosquitoes and deer ticks - the main tools of spreading Lyme disease .
Taking advantage of a warming world , such pests grow in numbers , alarming the world population , which previously did not take them into consideration .
Now , however , with an increase in temperature , people need to be more aware of the insects that can have a negative effect on their health .
Global warming could increase the number of mosquito - borne diseases , including such diseases as malaria , dengue fever , yellow fever , as well as a variety of viral causes of encephalitis .
Climate change would also lead to more algae blooms in water , which would significantly raise the risk of the spread of such diseases like cholera .
Besides , people who have respiratory problems could be affected by warming - provoked increases in smog .
The generations of pine bark beetles that live in the western part of North America and the number of which decreases during winter months , will reproduce in greater numbers due to climate change .
In a commentary , the Lancet medical journal stated that climate change currently represents the biggest health threat around the world .
With other different insects spreading across the United States , Paul Epstein of the Center for Health and the Global Environment at Harvard University considers that prompt actions should be taken , the only possible solution being the reduction of climate change .
\ " You can tuck your pants into your socks and be very vigilant , but ultimately , if we don\'t stabilize the climate , it \'s going to continue to increase ... infectious diseases , \ " mentioned Epstein .
He added that coal - fired power plants , steel mills along with cars that run on petroleum do more than just change climate - their emissions lead to growth of ragweed , a type of flowering plants from the sunflower family .
This plant extends the asthma seasons that occur in spring and fall .
Dr. Chris Portier of the U.S. National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences , outlined that today it is rather complicated to estimate the potential financial costs related to health problems that occur as a result of climate change in the United States .
Heat Waves
With a continuous increase in temperature , more heat waves are expected to take place .
The forecast presented by the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , the number of heat waves will increase by 25 percent in Chicago by 2010 .
In Los Angeles people should prepare for an increase in heat waves of up to 8 times by the end of the century .
The most vulnerable people will be the ones that heat waves will hit the hardest , says the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency .
The categories of people that will be hit the most include : the youngest , elderly people , the homeless , as well as people suffering from heart problems and asthma .
In a statement the Environmental Protection Agency outlined that carbon dioxide , which is the most powerful greenhouse gas , has the greatest impact on human health and welfare .
The EPA called for specific regulations of emissions .
Currently the U.S. Congress takes actions to come up with a bill that would reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
In addition , it is working on issuing permits which would be traded between companies that register higher level of greenhouse gas emissions and those that have more environmentally friendly policy .
Rising Sea Levels
Currently , about 30 percent of world population lives about 60 miles of a shoreline .
In case the sea levels rise , as a result of global warming , all of these people could be greatly affected .
It is expected that over the next decades the sea levels will rise by up to 1 meter ( 3 feet ) .
Scientist say that by 2100 about one billion people could turn into environmental refugees , with homes and crops being flooded .
Climate change is a process that humanity should control and make everything possible to keep our planet safe .
In a corporative world it is rather difficult to achieve , but if nothing is made now soon it could be too late .
Governments worldwide should unite under one common goal , forgetting about the discrepancies they had in the past and the ones they are currently having ; otherwise environmental problems could worsen , leading to millions and even billions of deaths around the globe .
The CIA kept a highly classified counter - terrorism program secret from Congress for eight years at the direction of then - Vice President Dick Cheney , according to sources familiar with an account that agency Director Leon E. Panetta provided recently to House and Senate committees .
The sources declined to provide any details on the nature of the program , but said that the agency had opened an internal inquiry in recent days into the history of the program and the decisions made by a series of senior officials to withhold information about it from Congress .
Cheney ’s involvement suggests that the program was considered important enough by the Bush administration that it should be monitored at the highest levels of government , and that the White House was reluctant to risk disclosure of its details to lawmakers .
Panetta killed the program on June 23 after learning of it , four months after he became director of the CIA .
He then called special sessions with the House and Senate intelligence committees .
Advertisement
The CIA ’s relationship with Congress has become a source of controversy in Washington in recent months , after House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - San Francisco ) accused the agency of lying to members about its use of waterboarding and other interrogation measures in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 attacks .
The secret counter - terrorism program was put in place shortly after those attacks , but it was never fully operational , sources said .
Current and former intelligence and congressional officials have offered different viewpoints on the program ’s significance .
A senior congressional aide said the magnitude of the program and the decision to keep it secret should not be downplayed .
“ Panetta found out about this for the first time , and within 24 hours was in the office telling us , ” the aide said .
“ If this was n’t a big deal , why would the director of the CIA come sprinting up to the Hill like that ? ”
An aide to Cheney did not respond to a request for comment .
CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano declined to comment Saturday on the program or Cheney ’s role , which was initially reported by the New York Times on its website .
Advertisement
By law , the CIA is required to make sure that congressional committees are “ kept fully and currently informed of the intelligence activities of the United States , including any significant anticipated intelligence activity . ”
But there is latitude in the language for programs and operations deemed extremely sensitive , or those that might be considered routine .
Indeed , former U.S. intelligence officials said that Panetta ’s predecessors , including retired Lt. Gen. Michael V. Hayden , did not think they were constrained from informing Congress about the program , but regarded the activity as falling well short of the threshold for congressional notification .
“ We do a lot of foreign intelligence collection we do n’t run down to the Hill and say , ‘ How about this ? ’ ” said a former U.S. intelligence official familiar with the program , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
Advertisement
More than a year ago , however , Hayden informed subordinates that the intelligence committees would need to be briefed on the program if it crossed certain thresholds , according to former officials .
The key issue , the officials said , was whether the agency was taking steps in its implementation of the program that could potentially be discovered by foreign intelligence services , and therefore possibly surface publicly -- to the embarrassment of the United States .
The program was coming “ closer to [ being ] something in the real world ” when Hayden issued the guidance , one former official said .
But the activity never reached that point .
Hayden was among the high - level CIA officials -- including Deputy Director Stephen Kappes and the head of the clandestine service , Michael J. Sulick -- who were kept apprised of the program ’s progress .
Advertisement
One former official said that Hayden , Kappes and Sulick were “ very cautious ” in their handling of the program and that they made decisions to narrow its focus .
The official said that the program fell on a continuum between foreign intelligence collection and covert action ; the latter involves taking steps to influence events overseas , and generally falls within more stringent congressional notification rules .
Some former high - level CIA officials said they remained puzzled about which program could be at the center of the budding controversy .
“ A lot of people thought they were Jason Bourne and came up with ideas , ” said a former senior CIA officer , referring to the fictional super -spy .
“ There were programs that were kind of wild that were considered in 2001 , but to my knowledge , within six months we did n’t get one follow - on attack and people kind of gave up on those ideas . ”
Advertisement
The House Intelligence Committee has approved new legislation that would seek to make it significantly more difficult for the executive branch to withhold information on intelligence activities from Congress .
But President Obama has threatened to veto the legislation .
--
greg.miller@latimes.com
Pennsylvania Ban on Corporate Names Containing " Blasphemy , Profane Cursing or Swearing or [ Words ] That Profane the Lord 's Name " :
That 's in 15 Penn.
Stats . § 1303 .
In October 2007 , the Pennsylvania Department of State in October 2007 told George Kalman that he can't get a corporate Certificate of Organization for a company called " I Choose Hell Productions , LLC . "
Kalman is now suing to invalidate that restrictions on Establishment Clause and Free Speech Clause grounds .
Some quick thoughts :
Free Speech Clause :
The restriction does n't generally bar Kalman from saying what he wants , or even using " I Choose Hell " to describe his business in advertising — it affects only the formal corporate name of the business .
On the other hand , it would affect Kalman 's ability to express himself the way he wants in some business transactions ( those that require the use of the official name ) .
Plus , even though the grant of corporate charters is a government - provided benefit , it may be unconstitutional for the government to restrict this benefit in a viewpoint - based way ; and the restrictions seems viewpoint - based , because what constitutes blasphemy or profaning the Lord 's name likely turns on the viewpoint : " Save Your Souls From Hell Ministries " would presumably not be blasphemous , while " I Choose Hell " might be .
Establishment Clause :
The restriction probably violates the Establishment Clause , on the grounds that banning blasphemy ( 1 ) requires entanglement of government and religion ( in figuring out what constitutes blasphemy ) , ( 2 ) has the primary purpose or effect of advancing religion by restricting expression that is in some measure hostile or insulting to religion , and ( 3 ) in any event involves a denominational preference in favor of religions that recognize " the Lord . "
By the way , " [ i ] n his complaint , Kalman claims that he chose the name ' I Choose Hell Productions , LLC ' for philosophical reasons central to the expression of his films , namely his belief that suicide is a lesser alternative to struggling through difficult times : ' even if life is ' hell , ' it is better to choose hell than suicide . ' "
I learned of the case through the unpublished opinion in Kalman v. Cortes , 2009 WL 2256477 ( E.D. Pa. July 28 ) , but that opinion itself deals only with a venue question , not the substantive constitutional issue .
Baby Be-Bop , a coming of age story about a young man who discovers he is gay , has been targeted by Wisconsin Christian group calling it vulgar , racial and anti-Christian , and wants the book burned .
Yes .
Burned .
More from Salon.com :
Now an outfit called the Christian Civil Liberties Union has gotten in on the act , suing the library for , according to the West Bend Daily News , “ damaging ” the “ mental and emotional well - being ” of several individuals by displaying “ Baby Be - Bop ” in the library .
Since attempts to label the novel as “ pornographic ” have failed , the ( somewhat shadowy ) CCLU hopes to brand it as hate speech , in part because it contains the word “ nigger . ”
The complainants , described as “ elderly ” by the newspaper , claim that Block ’s novel is “ explicitly vulgar , racial [ sic ] and anti-Christian . ”
They want the library ’s copy not only removed but publicly burned .
“ Baby Be- Bop , ” a title from the Weetzie Bat series that describes the youth of Weetzie ’s best friend , Dirk , is , in Block ’s [ author ] words , “ a very sweet , simple , coming - of - age story about a young man ’s discovery that he ’s gay . ”
Dirk is beaten by gay bashers but steadfastly clings to the possibility of finding love .
Block finds the disingenuous charges of racism particularly distressing .
“ Obviously I use those words , including ‘ faggot , ’ which is also in the book , to expose racism and homophobia , not promote it , ” she said .
“ It ’s a tiny little book , ” she added , “ but they want to burn it like a witch . ”
No Dorothy , it ’s not the 1930s .
It ’s the 21st century .
At least outside of West Bend , Wisconsin .
In the video clip below , a West Bend man advocates burning Baby Be-Bop and similar book . :
Post by ILO on 06/18/09 at 12:24 am
Obama 's masterful Cairo speech is an eloquent sign that Washington is under new management , but can his shift in rhetoric deliver the kind of change Arabs and Muslims can believe in ?
Whatever else he achieves during his stint as president , one thing we can be sure of is that Barack Obama will consistently deliver masterful speeches .
Not only does he put his bumbling predecessor to shame , he easily outshone his drab and cautious Egyptian host , Hosni Mubarak .
His Cairo speech was both daring and cautious , conciliatory and confrontational , nuanced and simplistic .
Despite the undoubted heat he will face for it from his conservative opponents back home , Obama did not shy away from praising Islamic culture and highlighting the centuries - old mash of civilisations , which stands in stark contrast to the clash favoured by the previous administration .
I was also surprised that he referred to the Qur'an four times in his 45 - minute speech .
This rhetorical shift away from the clash of civilisations is laudable and , to his credit , Obama did not shy away from criticising some aspects of US foreign policy .
But can the master orator 's eloquence deliver the kind of change in American attitudes and foreign policy needed ?
Well , hints of the Real McCoy American arrogance were clear to see .
Obama insisted that " America is not the crude stereotype of a self - interested empire " , but is " founded upon the ideal that all are created equal , and we have shed blood and struggled for centuries to give meaning to those words – within our borders , and around the world . "
Of course , America is not the evil empire , as some outsiders allege , but nor is it the benign superpower , as too many Americans believe .
Obama 's description smacks too much of American exceptionalism and the country 's wishful self - image as the " Land of the Free " standing up for liberty wherever it is threatened .
And it is this self - deception , this belief that America is not an empire , that it is not motivated by imperial designs , that it is somehow more virtuous than the rest of the world that will condemn it to keep repeating the same mistakes .
And it is not Obama but this empire that dare not speak its name that many people around the world ultimately distrust .
The president 's words went down quite well among many Arabs , while a poll carried out shortly before this visit found that Obama 's approval rating among Arabs hovers around the 45 % point – a far cry from George Bush 's public villain number one status .
But just because they are fond of the emperor , it does not mean that Arabs trust the empire : a full three - quarters still regarded the US as the second greatest threat in the world .
And , to a certain extent , they have a point : beneath the inviting and embracing surface gloss , there still lurks the outline of the same old American foreign policies , especially relating to Afghanistan , where Obama insists on pursuing a military solution in a part of the world where decades of superpower intervention have only brought misery .
While he seems willing to spend hundreds of billions more on a war that has already cost hundreds of billions , he could only find a paltry $ 2.8 bn for development in Afghanistan over an unspecified period of time .
His refusal to acknowledge US culpability in invading Afghanistan was dishonest , since America did not have to succumb to kneejerk vengeance after the 11 September attacks , especially since the Taliban were a monster of US - Pakistani making .
However , it is welcome that he recognises that the US should not have invaded Iraq , but whether he will do anything to return control of the Iraqi economy to Iraqis once US troops pull out remains to be seen .
Obama has indicated a greater willingness to take a more robust and hands - on approach to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , and has used much tougher words than his predecessor when referring to Israel , which has sparked anger and panic among Israel 's new rightwing government .
But Obama comes to the table with nothing new – besides the weathered and worn road map – and he may well meet with the same kind of failure Bill Clinton did .
One reason why the peace process broke down is that Washington has never succeeded in playing the role of an honest and impartial broker .
How likely is it that Obama , as a self - described " friend of Israel " , will lean hard enough on an Israel led by the populist , rightwing Binyamin Netanyahu and his demagogical deputy and foreign minister Avigdor Lieberman , especially with the presence of the equally extremist Hamas sitting among the Palestinian leadership ?
At this point , gradual grassroots efforts offer the best hope for a breakthrough .
Obama 's stance on global nuclear disarmament is a noble one in principle .
However , how likely is it that the US and the other major nuclear powers will give up their membership in the nuclear arms club ?
On the topic of democracy and freedom , Obama delivered a breath of fresh air when he said : " No system of government can or should be imposed upon one nation by any other … America does not presume to know what is best for everyone , just as we would not presume to pick the outcome of a peaceful election . "
His insistence that change must come from within and that the US could only help indirectly was a very mature position to take .
However , his failure to directly criticise the dismal record of Washington 's to closest Arab allies , Egypt and Saudi Arabia , left a bitter taste in the mouths of opposition figures and reformers .
In fact , quite a few Egyptians questioned the wisdom of Obama 's choice of Egypt as his podium .
" Obama , a man of democracy and diplomacy , has made a mistake coming to Cairo as opposed to a secular and democratic state , such as Turkey , " opined Kholoud Khalifa , a young Egyptian journalist .
To help the process of democratisation , Washington does not need to oppose the regimes in Cairo or Riyadh actively , but to withdraw its current support , such as the $ 1.3 billion of military aid that goes to Egypt each year .
With Obama , change will almost certainly come , but whether there is enough change to make a real positive difference is something only time will tell .
I do n’t do all that much in the celebrity gossip arena save for occasionally snarking .
But a recent high - profile abuse case is straddling several areas of thought in my brains today .
I know you may know this , but let me reiterate : simply because someone is masochistic , one cannot assume that they would also tolerate abuse .
A recent discussion on Twitter underscored this issue .
It was an intense debate , but I think it underscored a difference in opinion that I ’ve been pondering .
I know that not everyone feels that there is a bright clear line demarking abuse .
And I know that some people who are survivors of abuse are among the people who believe that it is solely the business of the abuser and the abusee to decide how it goes .
And I am well aware that there are two fucking sides to every goddamned story .
But I also know that I am so not a fan of the idea that it is n’t our business when someone is in the grip an abusive relationship .
It is kinda everyone ’s damned business .
Abuse impacts children in the home , therefore impacting them AND the next generation .
Abuse impacts the friends of both parties , who may feel helpless in the face of a person stuck in that cycle .
Abuse impacts the workplace , as the abuser probably is n’t just abusive at home and the victim may lose work time , and is not going to be bringing their “ A ” game to the table .
I could go on and on …
Abuse impacts other people , period .
It is NOT ONLY THE BUSINESS OF THE VICTIM AND THE PERP .
YES , only the person involved can take the steps to walk away .
But sometimes they need help , a positive example .
I know that , when I was killing myself with alcohol , and knew it , the fact that I had people to turn to when I finally reached my tipping point ( I do n’t believe in the concept of “ Bottom ” ) saved my life .
Yes , I had to make that decision .
But the people who had cautiously and softly stood by wringing their hands and occasionally making some cautious , caring comment were among the people to whom I turned when it was time .
What does this have to do with kink ?
A lot .
See , BDSM is n’t legal , really .
And I cannot legally consent to being whipped and slapped .
But when I play , I DO consent .
Explicitly , over and over and over .
People who are abused do not .
Even if Rihanna was the most profoundly masochistic painslut bondage bottom on the planet ( stop drooling you fucking perverts .
Srsly .
I ’m being serious here . ) the MOMENT her fucking chickenshit douchebag partner struck her in anger and threatened her safety , it violated consent .
Can a husband rape his wife ?
Used to be no , he could n’t .
She was his property to do with as he wished .
But that is not the case , and spousal rape is prosecutable .
What kinky people do is about consent .
It is n’t about “ asking for it ” and it is n’t about anger and retaliation .
Ever .
And the fact that she is reconciling with this fuckholio DOES impact girls who look up to her .
THEY may not have the resources to get therapy and counseling and all of the support that these people do , and it may well set an abysmally shitty example for impressionable women .
And do not step to me with this “ They have a right to her private life . ”
Bullshit , because they gave that up the vast majority of that in exchange for fame .
That is part of what being famous is .
Stepping from obscurity into a glass box on a pedestal .
You have to know that is part of your job as a Modern Day God : radical scrutiny .
I ’m not even one thousandth as famous a person as she is , but even I have some level of authority and responsibility as an educator in the BDSM community .
I take that seriously .
I would not be true to what I teach if I , for example , were in an abusive relationship , if I sold myself short .
It matters to me that other kinky people listen to what I have to say .
It therefore matters to me that I live my life in a way that tracks what I yammer on about in classes and articles and documentaries and blog posts .
Having choices , money , fame , glamour , all of those things , cannot protect you .
The only than that can , is yourself .
The mental and emotional state of a person who is the victim of domestic violence has nothing … NOTHING … to do with status , money , wealth or power .
If you are in an abusive relationship , get help .
If you are in an abusive BDSM relationship , get help .
Do n’t be afraid that your kinkiness means that you ca n’t be hurt .
Because you can .
Please remember that all advice given on this website is based on the ' Good Samaritan Principle ' .
In an emergency , medical aid MUST be obtained .
IMPORTANT NOTICE : Sharon Morris is no longer practice manager as Kate is running her business now from the Isle of Wight .
She is contactable only by email .
info/@/arnica.com.au
Appointments are available with Kate directly in the UK - please email to arrange date and time .
Online consultations are available please email for this service .
Telephone consultations are available - please email Kate to arrange a date and time .
With Online and Telephone consultations , cleared payment is required first by the Paypal shopping cart with a one off payment and an Online Questionnaire is required to be sent to her prior to any consultation .
Prescriptions will only be sent out after payment has been cleared through the Paypal shopping cart .
Direct consultations are to be paid for at the time of the appointment .
PLEASE NOTE : Kate is only contactable by email at : info/@/arnica.com.au
Arnica Montana Pty Ltd was set up as a sister company to Arnica Montana Ltd in the UK in October 2000 .
Arnica Montana Ltd and Arnica Montana Pty Ltd are committed to providing Homeopathic information and services world wide .
The aim is to raise the awareness and profile of Homeopathy as a mainstream system of medicine throughout the world from both hemispheres , the white swan protected by Royal Charter representing the UK , and the black swan representing Perth in West Australia .
Kate Diamantopoulo , Managing Director of both companies , has 40 years experience as a health professional in both the orthodox and alternative fields of medicine .
She is a registered Homeopath since 1987 with the Society of Homeopaths ( SOH ) UK , and with the Australian Register of Homeopaths ( AROH ) since 2002 and arriving in Australia .
She also assesses trained Homeopaths wishing to enter the AROH , and represents West Australia on the National Council for the Australian Homeopathic Association ( AHA ) .
In West Australia she is Vice President of the AHA .
Similar duties were carried out in the UK prior to coming out to Australia including serving as a Director on the Board of the Society of Homeopaths for 3 years , assessing trained Homeopaths wishing to enter the Register for the SOH , and teaching , examining , moderating as well as sitting on all the Academic Boards at the College of Homeopathy ( COH ) London for 17 years .
She is an experienced Registered Nurse ( RGN Guy's Hospital London ) , State Certified Midwife ( SCM St Thomas ' Hospital London ) and Health Visitor ( HV ) .
She is aware of the need for an individual approach to the health problems of each person and is convinced that the answer to the current health problems of the day lies in educating the general public to be more aware of , and take responsibility for , their health and well being .
She commutes between the UK and Australia twice a year to continue practising and teaching in both hemispheres to promote the connection and cooperation between the two very different countries .
She is based in the Hills above Perth living amongst the trees , kookaburras , parrots , blue tongued lizards , possums , and other wildlife which inhabit her garden .
By providing comprehensive websites , seminars in local venues , and quality Homeopathic products , Arnica Montana will educate and support the increase in awareness of Homeopathy as a viable mainstream therapy , complementing current health services in the community .
Mission Statement
Working to promote and foster the use of Homeopathy in Australia as a recognized main stream therapy , and therefore encourage the development of self empowerment in preventative health .
Vision
To bring Homeopathy to every household in Australia so that it is recognized as a main stream therapy to help in any situation e.g. first aid , accidents and chronic illnesses .
To make available the homeopathic knowledge through metropolitan and rural seminars , teaching sessions and a comprehensive interactive web site .
To make available adequate supplies of Homeopathic remedies through the import of high quality homeopathic kits and individual remedies and literature .
To manufacture high quality Homeopathic products in Australia for general local use and for export .
This will allow for a better understanding of Homeopathy and enhance the development of self help in health matters .
It will assist in reducing the demands on the Australian Health care system , and encourage empowerment in preventative health care in metropolitan and rural communities .
Queen ’s physician calls for more homeopathy on NHS
Homeopathy is safe , popular with patients and reduces the need for antibiotics , the Queen 's phyisician has claimed .
The Queen ’s physician has called for homeopathy to be prescribed alongside traditional medicines saying that NHS doctors need to get over their bias towards complimentary therapies .
Dr Peter Fisher , who is also Clinical Director and Director of Research at the Royal London Hospital for Integrated Medicine , said that homeopathy was ‘ safe ’ , ‘ popular with patients ’ and reduced the need for antibiotics .
Writing in the British Medical Journal Dr Fisher said that alternative therapies were often ‘ misunderstood ’ and questioned research which suggested they only work through a placebo effect .
“ The fact that one homeopathic treatment for a condition is ineffective does n’t mean that another is also ineffective , ” he said .
He also pointed to several studies that showed integrating homeopathy with conventional medicines led to better patient outcomes and the reduced use of potentially hazardous drugs .
READ FULL STORY HERE
READ MORE HERE
Testimonial - Sonja Johnson
20/07/2010
As I sit here preparing for the forthcoming World Equestrian Games in Kentucky I am busy going through the travel box of “ THINGS I MUST HAVE ” and realize that my supplies of Arnica Montana are really rather too low .
How as Jag and I keep getting older can I possibly go to a major championship without my Arnica tablets should either of us get a knock , My arnica cream to rub into those sore muscles .
My Arnica soap .
The natural cleanser and exfoliate in one that is even in a great tin to travel and of course my Arnica Bath soak to really relax and ease the aches away .
Thanks Kate for keeping on making these great Australian products to help keep Champions like Jag and his offsider ( me ) on the road to the top !
Sonja
To whom it may concern
Over the past 4 years Kate Diamantopoulo of Arnica Montana has provided me with unlimited access to her expertise and products to assist me as I represent Australia internationally in the equestrian sport of Eventing .
Equestrian is the only Olympic sport where men and women compete on an equal footing .
It is also the only Olympic sport which involves a living partner other than a fellow human .
Hence for a women to be at the top of the field they must keep their body in tip top form and also their equine partner .
Kate with her advice and products has been most helpful in this .
Over the 4 years Kate has provided a CD on the remedies and how to use them .
A most invaluable First Aid kit full of remedies that I use on the horses and humans ( and keep on having to get Kate to top up ) .
A number of tailor made remedies for specific conditions such as injured knees , ankles etc .
Kate also does the most wonderful soap and bath soak .
It only has one problem - my mum and dad like it so much it keeps running out !
In this four year period I have competed for Australia at the following Eventing competitions :
World Cup – Pau France 04 ( In 04 I won both world cup qualifiers held in Australia ) and individual Adelaide CCI **** 05
Member winning team Trans Tasman Trophy 05
Werribee CCI *** ( final selection trial for World Championships )
Member Bronze medal team World Championships 06 ( this qualified Australia for the Olympics )
1st individual Taupo New Zealand Championships 07
Member 2nd place Trans Tasman team 07
I have also competed in numerous other competitions and am once again leading event rider in WA .
Kate has been a constant support in these endeavors .
It is not possible to do it alone and as Kate ’s products are all permitted substances under the rules of competition I will continue to use them with great confidence .
Yours sincerely
Sonja Johnson
Read more about Sonja here
Dear Homeopathy Supporters ,
After a lengthy consultation , NHS Lothian recently decided that it would no longer fund homeopathy .
Although the Glasgow Homeopathic Hospital is directly funded by NHS Greater Glasgow & Clyde , it will still by badly affected by these cuts , losing patients who previously would have been referred and paid for by NHS Lothian .
This letter from a retired Scottish GP , Dr. Mary Gillies , who was a representative on NHS Lothian ’s stakeholder homeopathy group , says that the stated savings of scrapping homeopathy by NHS Lothian were incorrect by a large margin .
In addition the views of the patients were not given in their final report .
' In fact 83 per cent of patients ( of the homeopathy service ) voted in favour of funding continuing , yet the public is left unaware of this figure ' , she said .
See Dr. Mary Gillies letter here :
http://www.scotsman.com/the-scotsman/opinion/letters/homeopathic-savings-don-t-add-up-1-3001138
and
Clinical Scientist Patricia Nelson , who worked for NHS Lothian said homeopathy helped restore her underactive thyroid to its normal function and that following a car accident , homeopathy had produced near - miraculous results !
http://www.homeopathyheals.me.uk/site/component/content/article/111-frontpage/3109-scientist-says-lives-will-be-ruined-if-homeopathy-not-on-nhs
THE PETITION IS NOW UP TO 11,763 SIGNATURES - LET'S GET IT UP HIGHER EVERYONE AND SHOW THE WORLD THE POPULARITY OF HOMEOPATHY !!
( The Skeptics Petition to withdraw funding is on only 2,085 !)
The Petition will soon be sent to the UK health ministers as well , to show them the huge support for homeopathy .
Please DONATE to the work of HOMEOPATHY HEALS ME which is only run by me , working approximately 50 hours a week unpaid !
www.homeopathyheals.me.uk
THANK YOU EVERYBODY !
Kindest regards ,
Louise Mclean , LCCH MHMA .
Homeopathy Heals Me !
www.homeopathyheals.me.uk
The AHA is a member of the Complementary Healthcare Council of Australia ( CHC ) , a collaborative effort between professional bodies , manufactures and industry .
This is one of the avenues we contribute to , in order to cooperate with the larger CAM profession and advance the cause of homœopathy and natural medicine .
Please see the below notice from the CHC regarding the appearance of Dr Wendy Morrow on Channel Ten ’s The Project on Tuesday 20th November , and also a link to view the episode .
Best regards , Greg Cope - National President
“ Missed Dr Wendy Morrow 's Appearance on Channel Ten's The Project ? ”
“ As advised yesterday , the CHC's Executive Director Dr Wendy Morrow appeared on last night 's episode of The Project , which aired on Channel Ten at 6 pm .
“ Wendy 's appearance was in response to the Consumers Health Forum 's ( CHF ) launch of their ‘ Know Your Product ’ campaign , focusing on Complementary Medicines ( CMs ) .
“ Although the project may be well intended , many of the claims being made by the CHF around the regulation of CMs are misleading .
Wendy 's appearance on The Project was positioned to provide the voice of the Complementary Medicines Industry on the matter .
“ If you were unable to view the show , which aired at 6 pm on Tuesday 20th November , you are now able to access the full show on the Channel Ten website by clicking here ” ...
Select ' Guest Interviews ' in the right panel – select ‘ The Project , Tuesday 20 November ’ .
“ You are able to view the whole show or choose Segment 3 : Complementary Medicines to view the relevant section of the show .
“ The CHC also yesterday distributed a press release in response to CHF 's project launch .
To view the full release click here ” .
Update - Healthy Kids Checks and Healthy Start to School - Help needed !
Firstly , I want to thank you all from the bottom of my heart for your assistance over the last 2 days since we first started looking into the frightening and anti-choice actions of the government in instituting legislation that can possibly take even more rights away from parents and place our children at ever - greater risk of forced medication .
So many of you forwarded the last email to friends and family and I was contacted by many , many people who had never heard of the AVN but who were motivated enough by getting that email to want to help .
Even though some people told me that they received some angry responses from those who do n't really want to know about this issue , the majority of you who shared the last message were met with shock , concern and a deep - seated need to be involved in ensuring that our rights and the rights of our children will be protected .
( My apology as well for not being able to write back to everyone personally - I tried , I really did - but time is finite and jobs seem to be infinite at the present time ! )
I will not repeat what was said in the last e-newsletter but if anyone wants to have a look at it for the full story , please click here .
Remember , keep forwarding this message far and wide by using the link below or simply by hitting forward in your email program .
Anyone who receives this and wants to subscribe , just click on the link to the left that says Join Our List .
Below , I have highlighted the jobs that will require volunteers .
If you can help , please email me at meryl@avn.org.au or call on 02 6687 1699 .
Now , I spent most of yesterday contacting members of the Federal Parliament and the Department of Health to try and get as much information as possible about how these two policies - The Healthy Kids Check and the Healthy Start to School - came about .
It turns out that the legislation that enabled these potentially discriminatory requirements to come about was in the following Bill :
Health Insurance ( General Medical Services Table ) Regulations 2010
This legislation came into effect on the 1st of July , 2011 and even though it passed through Parliament , not one of the policy advisors I spoke with yesterday had ever heard of the Healthy Kids or Healthy Start to School policies .
Never you fear though - they have heard of it now !
This Bill ( linked above ) is 597 pages long .
We urgently need to know what is in it but to be perfectly honest , I do n't have the time to read through the entire thing myself .
What I am hoping , therefore , is that 20 people ( or more ) to come forward who can read up to 50 pages each ( the more volunteers we get - the fewer pages we will each have to read ) before the end of this week , highlight anything they think is of interest or relevant to health rights , vaccination , mental health testing for children , etc - and forward that to the list of people who have volunteered to be readers .
Together , we can nut out where this Bill needs to be changed so that we can implement step two which is lobbying Parliament for changes to protect our rights and to overturn the requirement for parents to subject their children to what virtually amounts to an oversight of their parenting and their health choices before they are allowed to get the Family Tax Benefit Part A Supplement .
The form that I sent in the last e-newsletter is not actually the letter that has been sent to families .
It is , instead , the ' template ' of questions that doctors are supposed to ask parents in order to say that they are good enough parents ( eg obedient to policies on feeding , behaviour and vaccination ) to receive the Family Tax Benefit Supplement payment .
I have not had the time to do a very close search yet of the policies , but it appears that children MUST receive their vaccinations up to the age of 4 years old AND submit to the ' health check ' before their parents are eligible for this money .
Now remember , vaccination is NOT compulsory in Australia - so anything that requires parents to vaccinate in order to receive a government entitlement has to be illegal .
What the further implications are - other than loss of this payment - for refusal or failure to submit to this rule are unknown at this time .
We are going to be in Canberra in September to lobby politicians regarding this legislation .
If there are any lobbyists on this list who feel they would like to help , please contact me at the contact details listed above .
Now , as I said , the form I sent out with the last newsletter was the template for doctors .
We have been able to obtain the letter that is being sent to parents and attach a copy here .
As you can see , there are no exemptions listed though the representative of the Department of Health that I spoke with yesterday said that there are exemptions .
I will get more information on that as soon as possible .
One of our members ( grassroots assistance is the BEST way to get information out there - never for a moment doubt your own power to fix this broken system ) sent me some information that she had just received from the CCHR ( Citizens Committee on Human Rights ) .
The CCHR has been lobbying for years against forced psychiatric treatment and medication - a huge problem in Australia and around the world .
In much the same way that doctors are considered the final word in what treatment our children do and do not get even if that means ignoring the wishes and knowledge of their parents , psychiatrists are also considered to be omnipotent when it comes to conditions which we have no laboratory test for and which , when it comes down to it , are often diagnosed in a purely subjective manner .
CCHR found out about this legislation well before the AVN did and have prepared an information flyer as well as an exemption form which they hope will help parent who are faced with mandatory mental health screenings ( due to come into effect next year ) .
I am attaching the information sheet here and the exemption form here .
Please read them and forward to friends and family .
CCHR have printed up tens of thousands of these forms so if you have a group , associations or other organisation and would like to get some to share , I am sure they will be very happy to send them to you .
Just contact them on the number on the form .
That is all I have time for right now .
Please keep your eyes open for another email message by the end of this week .
We will be starting a letter - writing campaign and will announce that here along with giving you some ideas on what to include in your letters and who to target .
Keep forwarding this to friends and family and share on your facebook , twitter , LinkedIn and other social networking sites .
Together , we will be able to overturn these requirements .
We did it together when a group of parents from the AVN went to Canberra to amend the Childcare Payments
Act to include a conscientious objection clause ; we did it again a few years later when we were successful in lobbying for a non-health professional 's right to report reactions to drug and vaccines ; today , we will do it again when we ensure that Parliament is held accountable for the legislation they enact .
Ours is a government for the people of Australia - not for the multinational corporations and medical lobby groups .
With your help , we will remind our elected representatives to do their job and protect our rights .
Together , there is no force that can overcome us !
Thanks so much ,
Meryl
Regulation of Unregistered Health Practitioners - Consultation Submissions
I will be attending as President of the West Australian Australian Homeopathic Association
From : Lenton , Kate | Kate.Lenton@health.wa.gov.au
To : kate@arnica.com.au
Subject : Regulation of Unregistered Health Practitioners - Consultation Submissions
Sent : Mar 08 ' 11 11:37
Dear Kate
I am writing to advise that a national consultation has commenced under the auspice of the Australian Health Ministers ’ Advisory Council ( AHMAC ) to seek feedback from the community about regulatory protections available to consumers who use the services of unregistered health practitioners .
Unregistered health practitioners are those people who provide health services to members of the public and who are not required to be registered under the National Registration and Accreditation Scheme .
A consultation paper titled _Options for regulation of unregistered health practitioners_ has been published on the AHMAC website ( [ LINK : http://www.ahmac.gov.au] www.ahmac.gov.au) under ‘ Related Links ’ .
The purpose of the national consultation is to invite submissions on whether existing protections for consumers who use the services of unregistered health practitioners are adequate and if further public protection measures are required .
The results of the consultation will inform a report to the Australian Health Ministers Conference , a Ministerial Council made up of State , Territory and Commonwealth Health Ministers .
You are invited to make a submission addressing the issues raised in the paper .
Questions have been placed throughout the paper and a Quick Response Form is available to assist in framing responses .
Details of how to make a submission are available at the website above .
Submissions
should be received by 14 April 2011 .
If you are unable to access the website to obtain a copy of the paper , please contact :
Glenys Sleeman
Senior Project Officer
Health Practitioner Regulation Unit
Department of Health Victoria
Ph : 03 9096 1160
Email : glenys.sleeman@health.vic.gov.au
Yours sincerely
Kate Lenton
A/ Senior Policy Officer
Workforce Policy , Planning & Reviews Branch
Workforce Directorate - WA
Health
PO Box 8172 PERTH BUSINESS CENTRE WA 6849
P ( 08 ) 9222 4211 F ( 08 ) 9222 0278
Invitation to House of Commons Reception
I will be attending this reception as a registered Member with the Society of Homeopaths UK since 1987 .
The House of Commons is the major part of the UK Parliament at Westminster London .
Sent : Mar 09 2011
Dear Kate ,
I am delighted to invite you to a reception hosted by the Homeopathy Research Institute at the House of Commons on the 17th of May , 2011 .
This reception is being held to promote scientific research in the field of homeopathy .
There is currently a growing body of scientific evidence suggesting that homeopathy offers an inexpensive , effective treatment option for many chronic conditions , however the only way to know definitively is by conducting further high quality research .
In collaboration with our host , David Tredinnick MP , the Institute is bringing together experts in healthcare provision , regulation and research , the fundamental sciences and patrons of homeopathy research .
The event will also be attended by high profile users of homeopathy and media commentators .
At this unprecedented event , there will be brief thought - provoking presentations by experts such as Professor Kate Thomas – Honorary Professor of Health Services Research , and the chance to exchange views with this diverse group of attendees .
We look forward to seeing you at this event .
Once we have received confirmation of your attendance , we will send a printed invitation giving you access to the Members ’ Dining Room from 4.00 – 6.00 p.m .
If you would like to bring a guest , please let us know their name and contact details .
I look forward to hearing from you ( RSVP by the 31st of March ) .
Best wishes ,
Rachel
--
Rachel Roberts BSc( Hons ) MCH RSHom
Chief Executive
Homeopathy Research Institute
[ LINK : [ LINK : http://www.homeoinst.org/]
http://www.homeoinst.org/]
[ LINK : http://www.homeoinst.org/]
www.homeoinst.org}
If homeopathy is just water and sugar pills , why do doctors get so upset about it ?
James Delingpole , 19th February 2011
Just because you ’re a hypochondriac does n’t mean you ’re not suffering from an obscure and terrible disease which is going to kill you very horribly .
Just because you ’re a hypochondriac does n’t mean you ’re not suffering from an obscure and terrible disease which is going to kill you very horribly .
That ’s why , high on the long list of osteopaths , chiropractors , acupuncturists and other alternative practitioners I spend fortunes on every year , is a miracle worker called Fiona Gross .
In another age , Fiona would surely have been burned as a witch : the things she does with her array of potions baint natural .
Just recently , for example , she cured a woman ( a successful author ) of a mysterious respiratory illness acquired on holiday in Greece .
The woman ’s GP was flummoxed , as were the various specialists she consulted .
So in despair , she went to Fiona — the Sherlock Holmes of inexplicable medical conditions .
Fiona got into the business quite by accident .
She was a middle - class north London housewife who suddenly acquired a mission in life when her young daughter broke out in eczema that conventional medicine could n’t cure .
After much reading , research and experimentation , Fiona did cure it , and decided thereafter to make a career of her new - found expertise — which now extends from allergies to anti-ageing .
She cured the author by asking the right questions .
Gradually — Greece , holiday , outdoor sneezing — Fiona narrowed down the culprit to olive blossom .
She then had some olive blossom sent to a Welsh firm called Ffynnonwen , which made it into a remedial tincture .
They can do this with cat hairs , tree pollen , MSG , anything to which you ’re allergic or intolerant .
The author took the remedy for a week and , lo , her symptoms vanished .
You can imagine how her GP reacted , ca n’t you ?
That ’s right .
He said it was an utter nonsense .
Clearly the woman ’s illness had been psychosomatic — for homeopathic cures work only in the mind .
That ’s why the medical establishment is putting pressure on the regulators to have homeopathic remedies printed with a warning saying something like :
‘ This product has no active ingredients and only works because of the placebo effect . ’
I ’m a bit puzzled by this antipathy towards homeopathic medicine .
If it ’s a Hippocratic principle to ‘ first do no harm ’ , then what is the problem with tinctures so dilute that you could n’t overdose on them if you tried ?
For some , homeopathy is a ludicrous quack cure — and that ’s fine , no one is forcing anyone to take Nux Vomica instead of Anadin .
But for other people it really works — and if it does , is n’t that something to be thankful for : a inexpensive medicine with no side effects ?
This is n’t to say I ’d use it for everything .
For cancer , I daresay chemotherapy or radiotherapy may offer better outcomes than extract of belladonna .
For piles — I speak from experience — surgery on the NHS is just the ticket .
And if I were going to the tropics , I still think I ’d personally place more faith in malaria pills and hep B jabs than I would in the ‘ natural ’ alternative .
But as a general principle , when it comes to complementary medicine my sympathies are with the Prince of Wales ( unusually ) and with another , more famous prince :
‘ There are more things in heaven and earth , Horatio , than are dreamt of in your philosophy . ’
For Horatio , read any number of celebrity debunkers of religion , magic , pseudoscience and superstition , from Ben Goldacre and Richard Dawkins to Derren Brown , James Randi and Penn and Teller .
I like what a lot of them do and I share their belief in the importance of rigour , empiricism and rationalism .
But I do wonder whether in their pursuit of post - Enlightenment heresies ( from Christianity to homeopathy to climate change ‘ denial ’ ) , they are not exhibiting just the kind of self - righteous fervour which in earlier times would have made them ideal witchfinders general or Spanish inquisitors .
Can they really afford to be so certain that they know everything there is to know about the scientific truth ?
Up until the 1880s , the experts would have laughed in your face if you ’d suggested that malaria was caused by anything other than the foul air that emanated from swamps ; up until the 1970s , you ’d have been ridiculed for positing that stomach ulcers were caused by a bacterium ; up until 1934 , nobody even suspected that the major part of the universe comprised something called ‘ dark matter ’ .
Does that mean that everyone was totally thick in the old days and that we have all the answers now ?
Perhaps , when we get round to discovering the hidden truth about absolutely everything , it will emerge that homeopathy is a load of old crock .
Or perhaps , we ’ll be totally amazed to find that despite being so dilute as to contain not a single molecule of the original substance homeopathic remedies yet really do retain a ‘ memory ’ with incredible curative powers .
Until that day , what harm is there in keeping an open mind ?
I know I do .
On the one hand , almost every sensible article I ’ve read confirms me in my assurance that it ’s bunk .
On the other , I ’ve met too many people whose lives have been transformed by homeopathy not to keep trying it .
And I ’m one of them .
Right up until my mid-thirties , my summers were ruined by hayfever .
Now , thanks to Fiona , it has all but gone .
And I have n’t told you about the even weirder diagnostic machine she has yet .
The one that picked up my Lyme disease and my thyroid problems .
If you think I ’m a fool for believing such nonsense , well hey — in the unlikely event you can get an appointment — there ’s always your good old GP .
http://www.spectator.co.uk/print/columnists/all/6705113/if-homeopathy-is-just-water-and-sugar-pills-why-do-doctors-get-so-upset-about-it.thtml
Arnica Montana was an exhibitor at the Arab Health EXPO
25th - 28th January 2010
Read the interview of Kate which is featured in the Arab Health News eBook below .
Or READ the entire eBook here
Click to read article
Corrupted - Files.com sells pre-corrupted files ( $ 5.95 , on sale for $ 3.95 until June 30 ) in a variety of formats .
The target market is students who blew their assignment deadline and need an excuse .
Step 1 : After purchasing a file , rename the file e.g. Mike_Final - Paper .
Step 2 : Email the file to your professor along with your " here 's my assignment " email .
Step 3 : It will take your professor several hours if not days to notice your file is " unfortunately " corrupted .
Use the time this website just bought you wisely and finish that paper !!!
Note :
The only difference between each Word file is its file size , because it will look a bit odd if your 10 page term paper is only 1 k in size !
Yes , we thought of everything !
We guarantee and stand by our product !
I still moderate all the comments here , but the setup is idiosyncratic enough that hardly any spam gets through .
Today , I ’m pondering one particular comment , wondering whether to approve .
The comment is to Kindle Yourself , about how you can buy the contents of this blog for $ 1.99 a month on your Kindle .
It says :
From : Wendy
As much as I love to read - especially blogs - I do n't think it would be feasible for most people to subscribe to 5 or 6 blogs for that price .
Not in this economy .
But it 's a great idea and I would gladly do it for some of the top daily newspapers .
Sensible enough .
As I often do , since I care who reads this , I clicked on the “ Wendy ” link and it took me to wendycarlisle.com .
While at first glance this is a vanilla blog , something about it bothered me ; also , I was pretty sure I ’d seen this movie before ; comments from other blogs that somehow , in some intangible way I could n’t put a finger on , felt like this one .
A bit of poking around increased my discomfort .
First , there ’s the blog ’s “ Disclosure Policy ” , a graphic of some text ( ?! ) from which I excerpt :
This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me .
For questions about this blog , please contact < gmail address elided >.
This blog accepts forms of cash advertising , sponsorship , paid insertions or other forms of compensation ... the owner (s ) of this blog is compensated to provide opinion on products , services , websites , and various other topics .
Even though the owner (s ) of this blog receives compensation for or posts or advertisements , we always give our honest opinions , findings , beliefs , or experiences on those topics or products ...
Hmm , well , OK , I guess .
Then I glanced at the blogroll .
All linked by first name , all hosted at URLs of the form FirstnameLastname.com .
All sounding like they were written by real people living in real places , but theme - free and passion - free .
All with what looked like bits of product placement .
All WordPress .
Most but not all of the domain names registered by AC Merchandising LLC .
So , yep , I ’m pretty sure this is a new ( to me ) form of , uh ... what ?
Spam ?
I ’m not sure .
It seems there are some real people in the system writing these blogs ?
Innocent folk looking to make a few extra bucks ?
A small staff each emulating a bunch of these people ?
Anyhow , I do n’t think I ’m going to approve the comment .
Wendy , if you ’re a real person , I apologize .
These tiny , pesky critters are brown and appear to have no fear of people ( often it seems they ’re trying to swarm up your nose and in your mouth ) but they ’re mostly just clumsy fliers .
The good news is that eliminating them is not difficult , you just need to do some cleaning , find their food source and lay a trap to bait them with .
Below I have a few maintenance and prevention tips plus a handful of easy & natural homemade solutions you can make that will capture and kill them–no need to run an errand for supplies since it ’s likely you have all that ’s needed in the pantry already .
How To Get Rid Of Fruit Flies
They love sweets , vegetables and fresh fruit , especially when overripe ( the fermenting process is a strong attraction for them ) .
If they ’re in your house , it means they ’ve found a source to feed from and lay their eggs on .
To effectively get rid of fruit flies , you need to find what they ’re feasting on and remove it immediately .
Wash kitchen counters and surfaces daily with soap and water .
Wipe up sauces and spills immediately , look under heavy appliances .
Be diligent about keeping sinks and drains clean , if dirty the residue can entice them .
If you think your kitchen sink drain is where they ’re gathering , pour boiling water down the drain each day .
Ensure all dishes are washed and put away ( do not leave dirty dishes out ) .
If snacks are eaten throughout the house rather than just at the kitchen table , look for dirty plates , pits , rinds and peels that may be left in another room .
Look under furniture .
Do n’t leave beverage bottles , cans and glasses filled with juices , soda pop , wine , sweet liquors or beer sitting around –these are big attractions .
In hot summer weather , tie up and remove garbage daily , the refuse and kitchen scraps start turning faster in the heat and the smell draws them .
Or see to it that the garbage bin has a tight fitting lid to keep them out .
Always rinse cans and bottles before placing in the recycling bins .
Keep food wrapped in plastic or in the refrigerator ( especially overripe produce , this is like a magnet to the little pests ) .
These guys love to lay their eggs on food .
Watch the pantry , bags of potatoes and onions are quicker to turn in the heat and this will tempt them .
Keep pantry shelves free of all drips and spills .
Once things are all cleaned up and their “ meals ” thrown away …it ’s time to bait them .
Homemade Traps
These are one of the easiest little pests to bait and kill , no elaborate setups required .
Here are a handful of DIY ideas you can try , all of them are free from harsh chemicals .
Quick & Easy
A simple , effective method is to leave out a bowl of vinegar with a couple drops of citrus smelling liquid dish detergent .
This attracts them and they drown .
Replace with a new bowl each day so the smell is strong enough to keep them coming .
Cider Vinegar
1 cup water
1 cup cider vinegar
2 tsp dishwashing liquid
Directions :
Pour into a jar or bottle and position close to fresh produce .
The smell will draw them and they will come investigate , getting themselves covered with soap and then drown .
Fresh Bait
Place a piece of cut fruit in a jar ( use a ripe / overripe banana if you can , this seems to be their favorite ) .
Roll a piece of paper into a funnel ( cutting the bottom tip so there ’s an entry ) and place into the top of the vessel to trap them .
Ensure the bottom opening of the funnel does n’t touch the food ( you do n’t want them to have an easy exit ) and that the sides of the funnel fill the jar opening completely ( no cracks for them to escape ) .
Make sure to remove and replace the fresh produce every two days to avoid breeding new critters .
You could also skip the funnel and just cover the container with plastic wrap , poking a few small holes in the top for them to enter .
Coca - Cola
Leave an inch or two of Classic Coke in the bottom of a pop bottle and twist on the cap .
Take a hammer and nail or drill to make a small hole in the cap ( about 1/ 4 ″ diameter ) .
Set the bottle in the room where the flies are heaviest .
They will crawl in and wo n’t be able to find their way out .
Beer ( Works With Wine Too )
Fill a mason jar about 2 ″ to 3 ″ deep with beer , cover opening with a piece of plastic wrap secured with a rubber band .
Poke a few holes in the top of the plastic so they can get into the container to reach the beer–they wo n’t be able to get out .
Yeast
In a mason jar , sprinkle active dry yeast over 1/3 cup warm water .
Add 1 teaspoon of sugar and stir .
Once the yeast is activated and starts to foam , cover the top tightly with plastic wrap ( try to have a wrinkle free surface ) , secure with a rubber band .
Make a small hole in the top so they can find their way in , most will be unable to escape .
Tips
JREF Swift Blog
Identified Flying Objects
Belief is a powerful and frightening force .
It defies evidence , logic , and reason .
It is not to be trusted .
A prime example of that was brought to my attention by the site weirdthings.com , which offers many such ponderances .
An hour south of Washington , DC , mysterious rings have been observed floating above the King 's Dominion amusement park .
Visible for up to 15 minutes , they seem to hover in place and then move on their own accord .
They 're unlike any aircraft built by man .
They 're so unique , that they 've been reported by CNN .
One witness , Deena Smith , wondered if it was the end of the world .
A UFO investigator says that it 's similar to a UFO seen in the 50's .
And yet , we have everything we need to solve this mystery .
It 's popular in American culture to consider all opinions as equally valid .
This is actually not true ... the right to have an opinion is allowed to all , but not all opinions are informed or should be weighed evenly .
In this case , we have a ring , floating above a ride that features an artificial volcano .
Inside the volcano is a mechanism for creating smoke rings .
Park officials have confirmed this .
People have observed smoke rings emanating from the ride .
We understand the laws of physics well enough to be able to describe and predict smoke ring behavior , especially on the apparently windless day shown in the video .
And yet despite this , people still believe this object is an alien craft or a sign from " God . "
And of course the media , in the interest of covering " both sides , " gives equal weight to opinions that are uninformed , illogical , and based on emotion .
There are no two sides here .
This is a completely explained phenomenon , well understood , and made by human intent .
Why believe anything different ?
A simple blood test may reveal the speed of ageing Scientists are developing a simple blood test to measure how fast the body 's tissues are ageing at a molecular level .
They have found that as tissue ages , concentrations of a protein called p16INK4a dramatically increases .
Measuring levels of the protein could potentially provide a way to assess how healthy the tissues are , and how they will respond to surgery or drugs .
The University of North Carolina study appears in the journal Aging Cell .
This is a major step toward a practical tool to clinically determine a person 's actual molecular , as opposed to just their chronological age
Dr Norman Sharpless
University of North Carolina Scientists are already interested in p16INK4a because it is known to play a role in suppressing the development of cancer .
The protein is present in the T - cells of the immune system , which play a key role in fighting disease , and repairing tissue damage .
Physical inactivity link
Not only did the North Carolina team show that levels were closely related to cellular ageing , they also found a strong link with certain behaviours , such as tobacco use and physical inactivity , which are known to accelerate the ageing process .
They say they have overcome technical hurdles to begin perfecting a simple blood test to detect levels of the protein .
To test its accuracy , they analysed blood samples from 170 people , who also filled out a questionnaire about their health and lifestyle .
Researcher Dr Norman Sharpless said : " This is a major step toward a practical tool to clinically determine a person 's actual molecular , as opposed to just their chronological age .
" Although we do n't know whether this test is a good reflection of cellular age in all types of human tissues , we believe it is a first step toward a better understanding of issues like the suitability of organs for transplantation , how well patients are likely to recover after surgery or the future toxicity of chemotherapy for cancer patients . "
The researchers were surprised to find that levels of the protein were not linked to obesity , even though research has suggested that limiting calorie intake may help to slow down the ageing process .
Dr Sharpless said this raised the possibility that a lack of exercise may have a more profound impact on molecular ageing than being overweight or obese .
Professor Tim Spector , of Kings College London , has carried out much research into how ageing is related to the length of strands of DNA called telomeres which protect our chromosomes from damage .
He said : " p16INK4a clearly has potential for use as a novel marker of biological aging .
" However , much more work in larger numbers needs to be done to see if it is better than the other existing marker - telomere length - or indeed if it is good enough to be useful at an individual level in predicting rates of ageing . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It seems these days , the headlines are full of news related to the “ Economic Crisis ” that has engulfed the United States and many parts of the World today .
We often hear words like “ Wall Street Bail Out ” , “ Financial Melt Down ” and “ Industry Nationalization ” .
However , we hear very little about the legality of such things .
The simple fact of the matter is the Federal Government has no Constitutional Authority , to tax the citizens of the Several States , in order to buy toxic assets from Fannie Mae .
The Federal Government does not have the Constitutional Authority to give generous gifts from the Treasury to Wall Street Bankers called a “ Bail Out ” or to make good on the insurance contracts on behalf of AIG ( American Insurance Group ) .
Sadly , these types of problems are not new , nor were they created in the last 10 years .
This assumption of unconstitutional power and the financial fiasco of today , was decades in the making .
When discussing what is Constitutional or not , you do not need to be a scholar .
If fact that the framers of the Constitution went to great lengths to write the document in plain language so that everyone could understand it 's meaning .
The population of the several states in 1781 was not exactly what we would call “ well read : by today 's standards .
The people of the several states still had to debate the merits of the compact and then ratify it .
To gain political support from the people , they had to be able to easily understand it .
The entire argument of whether these actions are Constitutional boils down to the 9th and 10th Amendments :
Amendment 9 – The enumeration in the Constitution , of certain rights , shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people .
Amendment 10 - The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the states , are reserved to the states respectively , or to the people .
Simply put , if the Federal power is n't specifically written in the Constitution , the Federal Government does not have the power to do it .
Needless to say , the Constitution was very specific about what types of things Congress could spend the Treasury on .
Article 1 – Section 8 – Powers of Congress : The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes , Duties , Imposts and Excises , to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States ; but all Duties , Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States .
It then goes on to list the specific 17 powers of that Congress was granted related to access of the Treasury .
None of which , included bailing out bankers , insurance companies , Wall Street executives or mortgage companies .
I encourage everyone to read these powers for yourself , but I do not have the space here .
This point was made clear we would think , by the US Supreme Court in 1936 .
The United States v.. Butler , 297 U.S. 1 , was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that the processing taxes instituted under the 1933 Agricultural Adjustment Act were unconstitutional .
Justice Owen Josephus Roberts argued that the tax was “ but a means to an unconstitutional end ” that violated the 10Th Amendment .
The act invades the reserved rights of the Several States .
It is a statutory plan to regulate and control agricultural production , a matter beyond the powers delegated to the Federal Government .
The taxes , the appropriation of the funds raised , and the direction for their disbursement , are but parts of the plan .
They are but means to an unconstitutional end .
In short , the Congress can't give gifts from the Treasury in an effort to control any aspect of the economy .
In this particular case it was an attempt to control or influence the agriculture industry .
So we have to ask ourselves , what has changed ?
Of course the President at the time Franklin D. Roosevelt was not impressed with the Courts ' assertion of power that ultimately restrained the Congress .
So FDR suggested that if the Supreme Court could n't get on board with Congress and his “ New Deal ” , that he would simply appoint more Judges to the Highest Court .
These Judges would of course be in line with FDR and his “ New Deal ” thinking .
They would provide the necessary Court votes needed to override the other Judges and thus their Judicial Power was rendered useless .
In historical circles this is known as “ FDR's ' Stacking the Courts ” .
With the Congressional majority being of the same party as the President , they were all too willing to pass whatever legislation was necessary to resolve this little problem with the Constitution and the Supreme Court .
So they introduced “ Roosevelt 's Court Reform Bill ” .
The two branches of Government controlled by FDR 's party assaulted the Courts , in an attempt to destroy their power .
With this new legislature looming in the Majority Congress of the Presidents '
Party , another “ New Deal ” case was being heard : West Coast Hotel Co. v. Parrish .
In an apparent reversal from many previous decisions , including The United States vs. Butler , Supreme Court Justice Owen J. Roberts sided with the “ New Deal ” Government , reversing all Supreme Court rulings on this issue since the Court had been established under the Constitution .
The “ switch , ” together with the retirement of Justice Willis Van Devanter at the end of the 1937 spring term , is often viewed as having contributed to the demise of Roosevelt 's bill , by preempting the purpose of its passage .
The bill died in the house .
This is known as “ the Switch in Time that Saved Nine ” and is the essential end of the Supreme Courts ' role as the defender of the Constitution .
With all three branches of Federal Government now under the tight grip of President Franklin D. Roosevelt and his party , Fannie Mae was created in 1938 .
It was created as a way to help bail out the failing banks and the mortgage industry with a grant of $ 1 Billion Dollars from the U.S. Treasury .
Sound familiar ?
From this point forward began , the fleecing of hard working individuals and the transfer of their small wealth , to the Federal Government into massive sums .
This “ Public / Private Partnership ” would soon control sections of our economy for decades to come .
Today , we find the bail out of Wall Street in the 1930s ' and creation of Fannie Mae at the heart of today 's economic crisis .
Not only do we have these problems , but we have added , the insurance industry , auto industry and medical industry as just a few examples of the merger Private Corporations and the Government Treasury , mandated taxation and Corporate Profits , which fleeces the working person of his efforts today .
We now see that beginning in the 1930s ' and moving forward ever since , the Federal Government has stopped being for the people and began being for the expansion of Federal Powers .
With these powers , they reward private corporations gifts from the public treasury .
No longer are there winners and losers based upon by the value they provide to the free market place but , rather based on political influence and connection .
This is the heart of the problems in the U.S. tcurrently .
Today , the Federal Government gives no thought to taxing your time ( wages / life ) , commerce or trade ( exchanges of property ) , or even taxing what you have already earned and paid for ( property tax ) .
All these taxes are demanded of you , and are ultimately enforced by the barrel of a Government Gun .
In turn those revenues can then be gifted to bankers , insurance companies and mortgage lenders .
All of this is for the private profit of these friends of Government Politicians .
It is no wonder that 150 “ Tea Parties ' have been organized across the Country .
It is no wonder that the people are growing increasingly angry .
Unfortunately , it is also no surprise that , your Federal Politicians do not care .
After all , they have been doing it for 70 years .
What makes you think they will stop now ?
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - A lesbian couple will try to defy deep - rooted Russian homophobia next week in the first attempt at a gay marriage even though rights activists say it will be rejected outright .
Public relations worker Irina Fyet , 31 , and her partner of the same age will apply for a marriage license at a register office on May 12 in Moscow , a city where mayor Yuri Luzhkov once described gay pride marches as “ satanic . ”
Gay rights activist Nikolai Alekseyev said it was the first time a gay couple would apply for a license .
“ I am 99 percent sure there will be a refusal , but maybe later the situation in Russia can change , the political feeling can change , ” he told Reuters on Wednesday .
The pair will most likely legally marry in the coming months in Toronto , or Norway , he added .
Neither country requires residency for gay couples wishing to marry .
Activists say a loophole exists in Russian law which bans gay marriage at home but does not prevent the recognition of a same - sex marriage that has taken place abroad .
The Soviet Union banned homosexuality and any type of nudity on TV , and Russia did not decriminalize gay sex until 1993 , two years after the USSR ’s collapse .
Unlike other major European cities , Moscow has no gay - friendly district and the homosexual scene is still largely underground .
Despite the fact that one of Russia ’s most popular musical groups abroad , Tatu , traded on their fictionalized lesbian image , same - sex couples are rarely seen being affectionate in public .
“ They want to be able to live like other citizens , this is not ( gay ) propaganda , ” Alekseyev said of Fyet and her partner .
His website www.gayrussia.ru quotes
Fyet as saying " Our love is no different ( than others ) . "
Gay pride parades , unheard of in the days of the Soviet Union , have been allowed in some cities in recent years but are generally met with public and political derision .
Three years ago , police , militant Orthodox Christians and neo-fascists attacked and violently broke up the first gay rights march in Moscow .
Next week ’s Russian gay pride march will purposely coincide with Moscow ’s hosting of the Eurovision Song Contest and competitors will be asked to back homosexual rights on stage .
The Russian Orthodox Church , resurgent since the fall of the Soviet Union , has helped turn public sentiment against gay pride events , which the then head of the church , Patriarch Alexey II , has called “ propaganda for homosexuality . ”
The latest leak , arriving curiously after the markets closed , is that the Treasury wants Citigroup to raise $ 10 billion as a result of the famed stress tests , which the bank is fighting tooth and nail .
Another rumors circulating in the media
Is that Bank of America is being asked to convert $ 45 billion of preferred to common .
Wells Fargo has been fuming in public since the tests were announced , but so far I have n’t seen any detail on the indignities to which they think they are being subjected .
Let ’s recap .
On the one hand , the stress tests are n’t turning out to be the complete farce that I had thought they might be ( my benchmark was whether Citi got off clean while some regional banks , such as Fifth Third , were dinged to validate the process ) .
But that comes well short of being sufficient .
Consider :
1 . The adverse case in the scenarios is far from the worst reasonably conceivable , so the “ stress ” is too favorable to the industry 2 .
The banks submitted results using their own methodologies , and most important for the big capital markets players like Citi and Bank of America , their own risk models .
In my view , the biggest single error of the Greenspan era was n’t the famed “ Greenspan put ” but his complete hands off posture concerning derivatives .
Not only did he adopt a “ let a thousand flowers bloom ” stance , but allowed banks to adopt their own risk models , and did not require Fed staffers to develop sufficient competence to evaluate them .
Mr. Market knew best .
The inability to look under the hood and assess risk models and practices , except at a very superficial level , is an enormous failing and hamstrings the effort underway now .
3 . There was no verification of underlying accounting and loan books , not even a teeny bit of sampling .
With this as background , the “ stress test ” process was awfully industry friendly .
Yet some were nevertheless singled out for action , and they are protesting bitterly .
That in turn suggests :
1 . Even with a liberal grading scale , some banks are still pretty punky .
I am wondering if Treasury is surprised .
I suspect the hope was that Treasury would draw the line in such a place that the banks would look more or less OK , with only minor remedial action required .
Team Obama has made it clear that it is not up for nationalization , yet results like this are a reminder that this outcome may be foist upon them ( we think it ’s a given for Citi unless it dismembers itself instead ) .
2 . The fact that Treasury is letting the banks negotiate the outcome means :
It is n’t hugely confident in the results , and / or It is still a hostage of the anti-regulatory logic of the last twenty years .
A regulator with any guts would not take backchat from its charges on a determination of safety and soundness .
One also had to wonder whether Citi , in conjunction with trying to persuade Treasury that it is in rude health , is hinting at the danger of precipitating a run on the bank .
Citi ’s roughly $ 500 billion in foreign deposits are a huge impediment to putting the bank into conservatorship .
It seems inconceivable that Uncle Sam would guarantee those deposits , yet failure do so could have catastrophic consequences .
A run with that much in the balance would be beyond the big bank ’s ability to satisfy on any short - term timetable ( even its now large Treasury holdings are below that level , and dumping any asset type on that scale to pay off depositors would roil markets ) .
So bizarrely , Citi holds a sword of Damocles over the Treasury , much as AIG does .
And that means the problem of dealing with Citi if it is indeed not the best shape , is tantamount to disarming a nuclear warhead without an instruction manual .
The Wall Street Journal story on the continuing soap opera contained some interesting tidbits :
The Obama administration is expected soon to outline what type of investor it will be in companies where it has a stake , according to people familiar with the matter .
The Treasury is discussing applying different levels of governance depending on the size of the U.S. government ’s stake .
The overall goal is to get out of the investments as quickly as is possible and minimize government intervention in banks ’ operations .
The outcome of the stress tests could play a major role in shaping the next phase of the U.S. government ’s intervention in the nation ’s ravaged financial system .
After the results , banks will have 30 days to give the government a plan and six months to put it into effect .
The banks are expected to reveal their plans next week .
We ’ve been grumbling for some time that the automakers have been raked over the coals , presented with strict deadlines for plans proving their viability , while the banks have gotten off close to scot free , save demands for restraints on pay ( which given that they are wards of the state , seems not at all unreasonable , despite the howls of protest from supposed capitalist employees having trouble adjusting their lifestyles to the new reality .
And do n’t give me the talent argument .
Yes , some are defecting to boutiques , but time will tell if they can be as successful as they think in the “ eat what you kill ” model ) .
One presumes these plans are mere fundraising plans , not operational plans , and thus will be far less demanding that what GM and Chrysler faced .
This comment was a useful reminder :
The stress tests are a central part of the Obama administration ’s effort to restore confidence in the U.S. banking system .
While this may be shorthand , it reveals a preference for optics over substance .
The priority should be to assure depositors and investors that banks are sound , not to “ restore confidence ” , a more nebulous and subjective standard .
Several major advertisers have pulled their support from Sacramento radio station KRXQ after its hosts suggested beating transgender behavior out of children .
Via GLAAD , below is a partial transcript of the show .
ROB WILLIAMS [ 11:12 ] :
This is a weird person who is demanding attention .
And when it ’s a child , all it takes is a hug , maybe some tough love or anything in between .
When your little boy said , ‘ Mommy , I want to walk around in a dress . ’
You tell them no cause that ’s not what boys do .
But that ’s not what we ’re doing in this culture .
ARNIE STATES [ 13:27 ] :
If my son , God forbid , if my son put on a pair of high heels , I would probably hit him with one of my shoes .
I would throw a shoe at him .
Because you know what ?
Boys do n’t wear high heels .
And in my house , they definitely do n’t wear high heels .
ROB WILLIAMS [ 17:45 ] : Dawn , they are freaks .
They are abnormal .
Not because they ’re girls trapped in boys bodies but because they have a mental disorder that needs to be somehow gotten out of them .
That ’s where therapy could help them .
ROB WILLIAMS [ 18:15 ] :
Or because they were molested .
You know a lot of times these transgenders were molested .
And you need to work with them on that .
The point is you do n’t allow the behavior .
You cure the cause !
ARNIE STATES [ 21:30 ] :
You got a boy saying , ‘ I wanna wear dresses . ’
I ’m going to look at him and go , ‘ You know what ?
You ’re a little idiot !
You little dumbass !
Look , you are a boy !
Boys do n’t wear dresses . ’
ARNIE STATES [ 29:22 ] :
You know , my favorite part about hearing these stories about the kids in high school , who the entire high school caters around , lets the boy wear the dress .
I look forward to when they go out into society and society beats them down .
And they end up in therapy .
Sen . Judd Gregg , a Republican senator from New Hampshire , has been making the rounds on political news programs this week , criticizing President Barack Obama 's budget as too costly .
Gregg has repeated one statistic over and over to make his point : that Obama 's budget plan would increase the national debt to 80 percent of gross domestic product .
" Seventeen trillion dollars worth of debt at the end of 10 years , $ 11 trillion at the end of five years , " Gregg said .
" This translates into a debt - to - GDP ratio which we have not seen in this country since the end of World War II when we were trying to pay off the war debt .
Basically , you take national debt up to about 80 percent of gross national product .
That 's the public debt .
Historically , it 's been about 40 percent . "
At 80 percent , Gregg has been fond of saying this week , the United States would be getting into " banana republic " territory .
Debt - to - GDP ratios may not get a lot of public attention , but economists follow them closely as a good indicator of economic health .
" Over the long haul , that is the most important number , " Brian Riedl , a research fellow in federal budget policy at the conservative Heritage Foundation .
Gregg 's numbers come from an analysis of the Obama budget by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office , which concluded that the national debt would grow by $ 9.3 trillion between 2010 and 2019 under Obama 's plan .
According to the CBO , the debt held by the public would rise , from 41 percent of gross domestic product ( GDP ) in 2008 to 57 percent in 2009 and then to 82 percent of GDP by 2019 .
That comports with Gregg 's statement .
Projections put out by the administration 's Office of Management and Budget in February were a little more optimistic , due largely to differing assumptions about the future growth of the economy .
According to the White House forecasts , the national debt - to - GDP ration would rise to 67 percent in 2019 .
Still , by either count , the debt - to - GDP ratios are climbing .
Gregg is right that since the post - World War II years , debt - to - GDP has averaged about 42 percent .
He 's also right that if the debt - to - GDP ratio rises to 82 percent in 2019 , that would be a level we have not seen in the United States since World War II .
According to historical budget tables , the debt - to - GDP ratios actually climbed over 100 percent , peaking at 109 percent in 1946 .
Since then , the ratios have spiked occasionally as a result of recession or war , but have never gone above about 50 percent .
That will change this year .
It 's less clear if that 82 percent would put us in the " banana republic " range .
According to the CIA World Factbook , the United States has the 22nd highest level of public debt as a percentage of GDP in the world .
There are no separate statistics for banana republics , but it 's worth noting that many Latin American countries have a lower public debt ratio than the United States .
Regardless ,
Gregg is right that 82 percent would be remarkably high and put the country in unenviable company .
So why should we care ?
If the debt - to - GDP level were to go to 82 percent , Heritage 's Riedl said , " It 's a simple fact that interest rates would go through the roof . "
Moreover , he said , it would be harder for companies to borrow money ; harder for people to get mortgages .
It would decrease productivity and overall economic growth .
" It 's just not a sustainable ratio , " Riedl said .
Jonathan DeWald , a spokesman for the Concord Coalition , a nonpartisan organization that specializes in analysis of budget deficits , also cautioned that as interest rates increase in coming years , interest payments on the growing national debt will continue to eat up more and more of the overall budget .
Obama has warned not to place too much stock in the " out years " of budget projections because " none of us know exactly what 's going to happen six or eight or 10 years from now . "
And Obama has said that making investments today in education , health care and energy will pay off down the road with a stronger economy , which presumably would create a better debt - to - GDP ratio .
Gregg is on solid ground , relying on projections from the CBO , a highly respected , nonpartisan arm of Congress , about the long - term debt - to - GDP ratios .
We rate his statement True .
Barney Frank 's Internet Gambling has Backing , Sent to Subcomittee
Gambling News - July 17th , 2009 - Written by Glen
Back in early May , Representative Barney Frank introduced H.R. 2267 - a Bill that would overturn the UIGEA .
Two months have passed , and some progress has been made , but that progress may have become stagnant .
According to the Library of Congress , there has not been a major action surrounding the Bill that would abolish the UIGEA in just over a months time .
The significant movement the Bill saw was being redirected to the Subcommittee on Crime , Terrorism , and Homeland Security .
The big worry is that this Bill get caught up in the bureaucracy .
Time is running out until the UIGEA must be enforced by banks , which is in December .
As soon as December rolls around , the UIGEA becomes mandatory - up until then , it is still at the discretion of the banks .
Recent account freezing and seizure of poker funds has made this Bill even more important , as the government continues to abscond with money that poker players rightfully earned .
There are 535 members of congress , and 42 of them are on board with Frank 's Bill .
With Frank included , this is roughly one twelfth of congress .
The required number of votes for the Bill to pass must be at least two - thirds , meaning that at least 353 must go for the anti-UIGEA Bill to pass .
Barney Frank is a weathered civil rights activist .
Amongst his other Bills are laws to protect marriage , those who follow alternative life styles , and the decriminalization of marijuana .
Element 112 has a name !
Taken from Nicolaus Copernicus , the man who said that the universe did n’t revolve around the Earth , and that we were actually spinning round our star , the Sun .
Element 112 , first discovered in 1996 by the group of Sigurd Hofmann at the centre for heavy ion research in Darmstadt , Germany has been in want of a name since it was officially recognised by the International Union of Pure an Applied Chemistry last month .
Hofmann wanted to buck the recent trend of element naming to come out of his lab – which gave us a rush of elements named after fairly modern - era scientists : Bohr , Meitner , Roentgen , as well as a couple named after places nearby : Hess and Darmstadt .
“ We wanted to make a step into history and we looked for people who changed our thinking , ” Hofmann told me .
Apparently there were other candidates but Hofmann was being coy about naming them .
Copernicium ( with the middle ‘ c ’ pronounced as a ‘ ts ’ ) wo n’t be officially official until the IUPAC has gone through its lengthy procedure of checking the name and suggested abbreviation – more of which shortly – and making the suggested name known to the public for six months .
As for that abbreviation , Hofmann ’s suggestion is Cp .
This , of course , to you chemistry geeks out there , is also a commonly used abbreviation for the cyclopentadienyl group ( a ring of five carbon atoms with five hydrogen atoms ) .
An alternative would be Cn – but Hofmann is worried that that looks a little too much like Cu , which has already been bagsied by copper .
And next ?
Well , Hofmann has already begun his search for element 120 , and hopes that this will give him another go at choosing a name .
The next chance to name an element is likely to be a group at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in Dubna , Russia , where IUPAC is considering claims that they made elements 113 and 115 , and possibly even 118 .
Are you zipping around the city all week at work and would rather have any new posts from Free Things to Do in Chicago sent directly to you by email or RSS ?
After a number of requests , we have now added both of those options to this website !
Kate Beaton
Also happy birthday to
And hey , remember - Man , school is ending for the summer !
I am seeing teens everywhere .
I 'll make one of those YA series , where adults believe what teens tell them .
Except instead of fake teens , mine will have real ones because real teens do n't give a shit about anything .
Also happy birthday to Jess Fink !
The internet told me it was her birthday .
And hey , remember - my book is reprinted and ready to go !
Store !
Is it possible to create a game that is both cinematic and able to put you into the head of the character on the screen ?
We have no idea , but Heavy Rain is going to try .
Petro Piaseckyj , Managing Producer for SCEA , played the game in front of me in a private section of Sony 's booth , and he explained that you 'll always be able to know what the character is thinking ... even with a third person view .
Heavy Rain is the follow - up to Quantic Dream 's Indigo Prophecy , a title with a heavy cult following in the US .
At E3 we 're seeing a brief section starring one of the game 's four characters , Norman Jayden .
He 's a profiler for the FBI , and he 's looking for a stolen car .
He 's also a drug addict , and it has been too long since he 's had a fix .
You can change your camera angle to see what 's going on in the scene with a single button press , and another button brings up a list of thoughts in the character 's head .
You can then explore those thoughts , digging deeper and deeper into Jayden 's head .
" Right now the thoughts are moving slowly , and they 're easy to read , " Piaseckyj explained .
" But if he becomes stressed , or if he needs the drug , the thoughts move much faster , and the words may begin to jitter and twitch . "
It 's a visual way of showing a character 's mind racing , and it 's very effective on the screen .
Jayden hunches down against the rain as he walks around the junkyard , looking for clues .
This is n't just a voice performance , actors did their own motion capture as well ; each character in the game looks , moves , and sounds like an actual person .
This is a game that may re-train players in how to play a video game .
If you ignore the first few nudges in one direction , do n't worry , you can get back on track later .
You can explore every clue , or barrel straight through the storyline .
If Jayden stops using the drug , he 'll face the consequences .
Or players can decide to continue to use , and deal with that set of consequences .
" This is a mature game , " I was told .
" We 're going to put you into situations that will make you very uncomfortable . "
Jayden gets involved in a fight with a character — I'm trying to avoid any kind of spoiler — and we get to see the next evolution of quick - time events .
It 's not so much that they 've been updated , just used in a very polished way .
Each arrow is placed where your eye will naturally go .
If a button press would make a character punch , it will appear on his fist .
If you want to make him dodge , the arrow will be where he will go .
It does n't feel like we 're being locked into movements , it 's more like a very visual choose your own adventure novel .
No more taking your eyes off the action to handle the quick - time events ; now they 're placed where your eyes will be anyway , and that placement is contextual and gives hints about what will happen .
Exploring , trying different things , and accepting the outcomes are all a part of the game .
" There 's no such thing as failure or winning or losing , you 're creating a story .
We have four characters , and any one of them can die at any point , and the story continues .
It 's just that character 's storyline has been removed from your story . "
There will be autosaves , and if you fall into an outcome that bothers you , it 's possible to go back and replay it .
The hope is that you 'll just come to terms with having a dark story , and not use the autosave often .
So what happens if everyone dies ?
" You have n't failed .
You 've created a tragedy , " Piaseckyz told me .
While being brave and refusing to take a mulligan on bad choices will lead to a much darker , unique story , there was never a temptation to remove autosaves .
" I think that would be horribly frustrating .
The game is eight to 12 hours long , we do n't want you to have to start the game over every time you play .
You have to have save points . "
The fact that the game is over in 12 hours is somewhat misleading , though , since certain actions trigger certain scenes and avoid others .
Your actions will have consequences , and there are always more things to learn by exploring and making new choices .
How much content is actually in the game ?
Piaseckyz held his hands apart , pantomiming the size of a large book .
You 'll want to play multiple times , in other words .
" There are dozens of endings , " Piaseckyz said .
How many characters will live to see them ?
That will be up to you .
Heavy Rain is coming in 2010 , for the PlayStation 3 .
October 1 , 2017
" A feminine woman has the effect of a sunrise on a man 's soul . "
This article was originally written 17 years ago but it could have been a hundred .
The war on gender has degraded male - female relations in a short time .
Nevertheless , human nature remains the same .
Femininity must be defended , not abandoned .
" Men have abandoned the many gentle and loving women who instinctively want to build their lives around a man .
We have pursued the busy , neurotic , overachievers who guarantee us heartbreak , divorce and broken family . "
Men Must Champion Feminine Women
( from July 2015 )
by Henry Makow Ph.D .
" A feminine woman has the effect of a sunrise on a man 's soul . "
In the words of novelist Alex Waugh , she draws a man " into a magic circle where everything is fresher , cleaner ; where there is peace , warmth , comfort .
She produces in him the desire to be his best . "
Nothing on earth is so fine .
On this continent , nothing is so rare .
The Official Communist Gender Ideology , feminism , has decreed that femininity is a " stereotype " invented by men to oppress women .
Feminism is not about equal opportunity for women .
It is a thuggish , devious synthesis of Marxism and lesbianism used by ruling elites to undermine individuals and reengineer society .
It is to society what AIDS is to the body .
But men are also to blame .
We have accepted the feminist lie that women should be independent and pursue careers .
We have abandoned the many gentle and loving women who instinctively want to build their lives around a man .
We have pursued the busy , neurotic , overachievers who guarantee us heartbreak , divorce and broken family .
By pursuing these women , we are really seeking our own lost masculinity .
Many of us are happy to evade the responsibility of earning a living , and taking charge of a family .
In either case we are condemning ourselves to frustration and arrested development .
For heterosexuals to find fulfillment , each sex must assume its instinctive part .
The sex act is a metaphor :
The man 's spirit pervades the female and they become one .
The male spirit must be active and the female receptive .
Many men ignore willing , feminine women who can provide Wholeness .
These women cannot thrive , we cannot thrive , unless we recognize , defend and love them .
WHAT IS A FEMININE WOMAN ?
A feminine woman is motivated by love of husband and children .
She is the heart of the family , devoted to her husband and children 's well being .
This is her career .
A woman who is preoccupied with another demanding career cannot pay attention to her family .
Love is mainly paying attention .
There is a New Yorker cartoon where a child is wearing a welder 's mask and using a blowtorch to write , " I need love " on the living room wall .
His mother says to her friend : " He 's just doing that to get attention . "
A feminine woman may have another career but it is her second priority .
She is not driven by personal ambition .
I liked the movie " Legally Blonde " because the heroine showed that she could excel in the work world but why bother ?
She had a more important goal : a husband and family .
Career is a feminist lie .
Since when are careers the source of human fulfillment ?
What is so great about being an Assistant Loan Manager at a bank ?
Is society expected to provide legions of eager feminists with " fulfilling " careers to compensate for their loveless lives ?
Feminists are teaching women to be " strong and independent . "
This is not feminine .
Men respond to a woman 's need .
We want to rescue the damsel in distress and to win her favors .
This archetype is also innate in women .
She wants to be enlisted by a man .
A feminine woman DEPENDS on a man .
This does n't mean she is an emotional waif .
She is competent but she does n't pretend to be independent .
Men and women need each other to be whole .
As long as I have my wife , I am self - sufficient .
So is she .
Just as the woman is the heart of the family , the man is the head and shoulders .
A feminine woman is her husband 's partner .
They make decisions together but he has the last word .
Men must be the visionaries , captains and navigators .
A woman 's most important decision is the man she chooses to love and marry .
A feminine woman is modest .
She wants a man to pay attention to " her " so she does n't flaunt her sexuality .
A woman wants to be loved more than anything in the world .
She wants to be " known " in all her divinity .
This happens when she is truly loved .
Is it a coincidence the Bible uses the word " know " as in Abraham " knew " Sarah , to speak of sexual intercourse ?
All women are beautiful when they are loved .
Women 's liberation has taught women to pursue sex for its own sake , as though they were men .
This is not feminine .
If a man prefers a new car , why would he marry a " used " woman ?
He does n't want a car that 's been driven by a lot of men .
He does n't know where it 's been , what damage has been done .
He will choose a brand new car .
In my wife 's words : " A man wants to be a woman 's first lover ; a woman wants to be his last . "
I 'm not saying all women should save their virginity until marriage but certainly sex should be reserved for honest , loving long term relationships .
Men need to stop looking for sex and start looking for the right woman .
That 's the only guarantee of sex anyway .
If men chose wives with the same attention as cars , more marriages would succeed .
Women are the vehicles to the future , in terms of emotional fulfillment and family .
If men knew where they wanted to go , they would choose women who would get them there .
They would not be blinded by sex .
A feminine woman tries to please the man she loves .
No , this has not been outlawed , it just seems that way .
A feminine woman generates love by giving love .
She empowers her man by believing in him .
Love is expressed in actions and effort .
Baking a pie is an act of love .
So is making the home beautiful .
Are we so blind , impoverished and demoralized that we cannot appreciate this ?
Why have we allowed feminists to stigmatize homemaking ?
Women would be more than happy to be homemakers if it received the recognition and appreciation that it deserves .
A feminine woman has grace , beauty and wisdom .
These all come from staying in touch with her spirit and not pursuing an exhausting career that requires masculine qualities .
CONCLUSION
On the " Oprah " Show , I saw three young women interviewed about the " quarter - life " crisis .
They were having trouble getting their careers on track and because of their families ' expectations , they were falling apart .
Oprah urged these girls to " follow their instincts . "
No one mentioned that for women in their early twenties , " following their instincts " might entail having a baby .
No one is following their instincts any more .
They are doing what feminists tell them to do .
It 's time men started listening to their instincts too .
We want to be the masters of our domain .
We want to love and possess ( " pay attention , " " know " ) our wives .
We want to create families that are loving , lively and happy .
It 's time we embraced the quiet , unassuming beautiful women who want to be our help mates .
--------------------------
Related - The Dying Art of Femininity
-----------
Men- Seek Help Mates , not Soul Mates
Criminal accusations deserve to be handled with aggressive attention and acute care – they deserve to be handled by The Law Offices of Howard J. Weintraub , P.C. Our firm 's lead attorney , Howard Jarrett Weintraub , served as a federal prosecutor with the United States Department of Justice in Washington D.C. for three years before taking on the position of Assistant United States Attorney in the Northern District of Georgia , which he held for seven years .
This insider knowledge is used to secure the best possible outcomes for our clients .
If you are currently under investigation or being charged with a crime in the Atlanta , Georgia area , do n't wait to connect with our legal team .
Consulting with a lawyer from our firm can better ensure that your rights will be protected and your needs will be met as you navigate your legal journey .
When your life and freedom are on the line , you need a former prosecutor on your side .
To learn more about your case and how our firm can help , call ( 404 ) 907-1536 for a consultation .
Patna , Feb 27 : A court in Bihar 's Muzzaffarpur district has served a show cause notice to a police official who filed a chargesheet against an 18 - month - old boy for allegedly insulting someone with the intention of breaching peace .
Muzaffarpur Judicial Magistrate T.K. Sinha Wednesday refused to hear the chargesheet filed against the infant , called Jawed , and directed the superintendent of police to take action against the concerned policeman .
Police officials said Jawed , who belongs to Babhangama village in Muzaffarpur district , about 70 km from here , was named along with four others in a complaint filed by Juhi Begum of the same village .
On the basis of the complaint , a police official of Aurai police station carried out an investigation and last week filed a chargesheet against all the five accused under Section 504 of the Indian Penal Code , which deals with causing intentional insult with the intent to provoke breach of peace .
Superintendent of Police Sudhansu Kumar said that departmental proceedings will soon start against the police official who filed the chargesheet .
Nearly two years ago , a Patna court was shocked to hear the case of five - year - old Raj Kumar , who was charged with not only assaulting a woman but also attempting to molest her .
The court quashed the case .
( IANS ) comments ...
Missy Giove lived her life astounding those around her .
The iconic mountain biker , who resided in Durango for more than a decade , won 14 national titles and was the world champion downhill racer in 1994 .
She screamed down slopes on the edge of control , landing in either an ambulance or on the podium .
Her persona — she dangled a dried piranha around her neck and tucked her dead dog ’s ashes in her bra when she raced — and talent made her mountain biking ’s highest - paid athlete , earning her well over $ 2 million .
Then last month , six years after she formally retired from racing , federal agents busted the 37 - year - old and an accomplice with 400 pounds of marijuana and $ 1 million in cash .
“ Everyone in the circle of mountain biking is shocked by the news — not because she was arrested , because that was not surprising .
She had numerous car wrecks and slight problems with authority , ” said Giove ’s longtime friend and former bike racer Craig Glaspell .
“ The fact she might be involved in some pretty heavy drug trafficking is the crazy thing .
I mean , real crazy . ”
According to authorities , on June 16 , a team of federal drug cops watched Giove meet a confidential informant at a hotel in Albany , N.Y. , and drive away in a rented truck pulling her own trailer .
Cops had already found 350 pounds of marijuana in the trailer .
Giove drove the rig to the Wilton , N.Y. , home of Eric Canori , 30 , where police found another 50 pounds of the weed and $ 1 million packed into a duffel bag in a hallway closet .
Mountain biking “ rock star ”
Giove bailed out of jail on June 22 on a $ 250,000 bond , facing a possible $ 2 million fine and up to 40 years in prison if convicted .
She could not be reached for comment .
Days after her arrest , her public defender , Tim Austin , alleged the drugs were planted in Giove ’s possession , possibly by police .
Her next hearing is scheduled Tuesday .
While it was shocking to hear of Giove ’s arrest , her friends say it is not that surprising that “ Missy the Missile ” would be found at the top level of anything she was doing .
“ When she was riding , she was willing to throw it all out there .
She was either going to win or crash hard , ” said Scott Montgomery , who , as vice president of marketing for Cannondale in the mid-1990s , enlisted Giove to ride for his team .
“ She was mountain biking ’s first rock star .
She transcended the sport .
She was larger than life . ”
She was sponsored by Reebok .
She appeared on MTV , Conan O’Brien ’s show and David Letterman ’s “ Late Show . ”
She drew thousands of fans to formerly obscure mountain - biking events .
She was unquestionably gifted on her bike and carefully fostered her Dennis Rodman - esque image .
“ That got her a huge amount of publicity , attention and money , ” said Alison Dunlap , a professional mountain biker who raced cross country during Giove ’s downhill blitzkrieg .
“ She knew what she was doing . ”
But she did n’t roll like a rock star .
Yes , she trained part time in the south of France .
But in Durango , she drove a modest car and lived in a yurt behind a friend ’s house .
It was her father , who died three years ago , who secured big dollars for his daughter .
Montgomery remembers a “ shrewd and tough ” Ben Giove , working with executives at Cannondale and Volvo on her sponsorship contract .
She earned $ 250,000 a year after her world title in ’ 94 .
In 1997 , Cannondale - Volvo upped Giove ’s year - long contract to $ 450,000 .
“ The next year , ( Ben ) came back even more aggressively , and we had to cut her , ” Montgomery said .
Toward the late ’90s , mountain biking ’s luster began to wane — and with it racers ’ income .
Invested in dad ’s restaurant
“ She was still making some good money , and I think she took a lot of her money and invested it in her father ’s restaurant , ” said Brent Foes , who still has posters of Giove hanging in his Pasadena , Calif. , bike - making headquarters .
“ If she had invested properly , she probably would n’t be in the situation she is now . ”
By 2002 , Giove ’s litany of injuries was catching up to her .
By her own tally — reported in various bike magazines during her heyday —
Giove suffered 33 fractures , including cracked ribs ; broken wrists , collarbones , legs , vertebrae , heels , knee caps ; and a cracked sternum .
She endured concussions regularly .
During the 2001 World Cup races in Vail , she went airborne , twisted and landed on her head .
The blow knocked her unconscious and caused her brain to bleed .
It was “ the very worst I have ever seen her crash , ” said Glaspell , who raced with Giove on the professional circuit for almost a decade .
“ I do n’t think she was the same since then . ”
Giove retired from racing in 2003 and left Durango .
But she did n’t stop racing .
While she lived in the East , most recently in Chesapeake , Va. , she would show up at local races , handily beating all comers .
She briefly worked peddling indoor bike - training equipment at cycling shows .
“ She really did n’t know what she wanted to do after racing .
She once said she wanted to be a rapper and this and that , ” said Foes , who would occasionally help her out with a bike to keep her racing .
Staunch drug foe
The most shocking aspect of Giove ’s arrest , say people who knew her , was her longtime anti-drug stance .
Back in the early 1990s , drugs were part of the counter - cultural scene that went with mountain biking .
“ Missy was always the one who was giving people crap about it , saying , ‘ Do n’t drink , do n’t smoke , stay clean and stay focused , ’ ” said Montgomery , who now manages Scott USA ’s bike division .
As a fledgling racer in her early 20s , Giove coached other young racers on how to eat healthy and stay strong , Glaspell said .
She pushed natural diets and meditation and a strict training regimen .
“ I never ever , ever saw Missy smoke pot , never saw her do any drugs .
She was always into super heavy hippy homeopathic ( stuff ) , ” Glaspell said .
That leads many to wonder whether , if the charges are true , the adventurous thrill of drug- running appealed to Giove .
“ You are one step away from going to federal prison .
The challenge of getting away with it , making money at it , I am sure that is incredibly invigorating and thrilling , ” said fellow bike - racer Dunlap .
“ Maybe for Missy , when she was used to that kind of feeling when she was racing , not having it anymore was a like a withdrawal from a drug . ”
Jason Blevins : 303-954-1374 or jblevins@denverpost.com
Speaking for the first time since his release from Guantánamo after seven years ’ imprisonment without charge or trial , following a successful habeas corpus appeal in January , Mohammed El - Gharani , now a free man in Chad , told Mohamed Vall of al - Jazeera , in an exclusive interview , how he felt about being imprisoned from the age of 14 to the age of 21 .
“ Seven of the most beautiful years of youth were lost in prison , ” he said .
“ I could n’t learn or work .
Seven years were just lost — for nothing . ”
Recounting the torture he experienced , which I reported last April in my article , “ Guantánamo ’s forgotten child : the sad story of Mohammed El - Gharani , ” Mohammed also revealed , for the first time , that the interrogators in Guantánamo tried to force him to spy on his fellow prisoners .
The interview , via YouTube , is available below :
Andy Worthington is the author of The Guantánamo Files : The Stories of the 774 Detainees in America ’s Illegal Prison ( published by Pluto Press , distributed by Macmillan in the US , and available from Amazon — click on the following for the US and the UK ) .
To receive new articles in your inbox , please subscribe to my RSS feed , and see here for my definitive Guantánamo prisoner list , published in March 2009 .
Press freedom campaigning body Reporters Without Borders has condemned the arrest of the entire staff of Iranian presidential candidate Mir-Hossein Mousavi 's newspaper , Kalemeh Sabz , as pressure on domestic journalists reporting the ongoing protests has intensified this week .
Iranian authorities arrested 25 journalists and other staff at the newspaper owned by Mousavi earlier this week .
RSF said that in total about 40 journalists in Iran had been arrested since 12 June and remained behind bars .
The Foreign Office has also confirmed it was aware of the case of one of the detained journalists with joint British and Greek nationality who was held in the crackdown at the end of last week .
Iason Athanasiadis - Fowden , known as Jason Fowden , a Washington Times reporter , was arrested as he was attempting to leave the country , according to the Iranian news agency IRNA .
RSF , the Paris - based journalists ' charity , reported that Kalemeh Sabz 's editor , Alireza Behshtipour Shirazi , confirmed the arrest of his whole staff on German radio .
Kalemeh Sabz ceased publication on 13 June but was due to restart on 23 June .
However , the prior evening , agents from Tehran 's prosecutor 's office surrounded the building where the paper is based .
Earlier this week , 180 Iranian journalists wrote an open letter to Iran 's leaders , protesting the " deplorable and critical " state of Iran 's media .
Yesterday , foreign secretary David Miliband confirmed that the British embassy was in touch with the Iranian authorities about Athanasiadis - Fowden , a journalist with dual British and Greek nationality who was arrested last week .
Miliband said the Greek government was taking the lead on the case as he had been travelling on a Greek passport .
He added that he had not received any reports of any other Britons being taken into custody .
Earlier this week the Iranian foreign ministry accused the BBC and Voice of America of being mouthpieces of their respective governments and seeking to engineer the ongoing riots that followed the presidential election .
Another Iranian ministry also threatened to take " more stern action " against British radio and television networks if they " continued to interfere " in the country 's domestic affairs .
This followed an announcement last Friday by the BBC World Service that it was attempting to combat continued broadcast interference from within Iran by increasing the number of satellites it uses to transmit its Persian television news service and extending the channel 's hours .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
The demolition of Midway continues as all 60 employees at the company 's corporate headquarters in Chicago have been given layoff notices , including CEO Matt Booty .
Midway has given a 60 - day layoff notice to employees at its corporate office , which is being shut down in the wake of the company 's acquisition by Warner Bros .
Interactive Entertainment .
All of Midway 's corporate employees are being cut , including CEO Matt Booty , who just a few days ago went to the U.K. to pull the plug on Midway 's Newcastle studio , which also fell victim to the Warner takeover .
Midway is continuing the seek a buyer for its San Diego studio , developer of the TNA Wrestling videogames , which , like Midway Newcastle , was n't part of the takeover deal .
It appears that the only facility that will emerge intact from the acquisition is Midway 's Chicago development studio , which responsible for the Mortal Kombat franchise ; all 100 employees at the studio have been offered jobs with WBIE .
With that , the dismantling of the once - proud Midway is almost complete .
News surfaced earlier in the week that the Midway brand itself would be dropped in favor of something tied to the Warner Bros.
name and while company rep Geoff Mogilner later said those reports were " premature , " it seems irrelevant at this point : Midway , for all intents and purposes , no longer exists .
Source : Chicago Tribune
So many San Diegans carry guns A Glock 9 mm in a holster , a legal fashion accessory
It ’s a beautiful day in Pacific Beach as Nate approaches the bronze pelican statue on the boardwalk .
He ’s slight and blond , spectacled and clad in jeans and an army - green T - shirt .
He squints .
The sun ’s so bright overhead that he is prompted to spray a fine mist of sunblock over his fair skin to stave off a burn .
I ’ve never met Nate before , but I know it ’s him ( a ) because I ’ve seen his picture and ( b ) due to the handgun that sits on a holster against his hip .
I ’m about to get up from where I ’m sitting and introduce myself when someone else beats me to the punch .
A scraggly - looking beachgoer , a man of indeterminable age because he is so weather - beaten , approaches .
“ What ’s that for , bro ? ” he asks , pointing in the direction of Nate ’s gun , a Taurus Tracker .44 Magnum revolver .
Before Nate can answer , the man continues .
“ There are surfers at the beach looking to party , and you show up with that ?
That ’s not right .
Love life !
Be mellow ! ”
This is when I walk up and introduce myself .
The beachgoer looks at me for a moment with wild blue eyes , then looks back at Nate , as Nate is beginning to explain what he will have to reiterate time and time again to concerned and / or interested parties : he is open carrying .
The term “ open carrying ” refers to one who is in possession of a holstered , unloaded firearm on his or her person , displayed in plain view .
Nate begins to explain the legalities of this to the beachgoer when Sean approaches , video camera in tow .
In shades , a green shirt with double - breast pockets , green cargo pants , and a Sig Sauer P229 holstered on his hip , Sean looks not unlike a police officer .
The beachgoer does a double take .
“ Another one ! ” he exclaims , as Sean greets us warmly .
The beachgoer , incredulous , excuses himself — with one final stare — to go “ get baked . ”
Soon we are joined by a third open carrier , Sam , who is Nate ’s older brother .
He ’s a tall fellow in jeans and a T - shirt , and his gun , a Glock 17C 9 mm semiautomatic pistol , sits squarely in a black holster , handle well visible against the blue of his shirt .
And now it ’s my turn .
As the others deal with the beachgoer , who has returned , Nate and I take off to his car , where he removes from the depths of his trunk a silver handgun with a wooden handle .
This is a Ruger Single Six .22 revolver , he tells me , as he slides it into the borrowed holster I have fixed to my belt .
The gun is surprisingly heavy , nestled just below my waistline .
Back at the boardwalk , it seems that Sam and Sean are getting nowhere with the beachgoer , so we prepare to head out .
First , I am given instructions on what to do if approached by the police .
I brace myself as Nate explains .
“ What ’s going to happen is , they ’re going to want to do a 12031 ( e ) unloaded check , ” he begins .
“ They ’ll say they want to check your weapon .
You say , ‘ Are you requesting or demanding ? ’
If they say , ‘ Demanding , ’ you say , ‘ I do n’t consent to any warrantless searches .
But I ’m not going to resist . ’
And then you stick your hands out , they check your weapon , and it ’s done . ”
Sounds easy enough , I figure .
I ’ve got my tape recorder ready , as open carriers are urged , via websites like OpenCarry.org , to keep recording devices on them while carrying to capture any interactions with police ( and civilians ) they might have in case their rights are infringed upon .
“ You do n’t have to answer any other questions .
You do n’t have to give them your ID , ” Sam instructs .
“ It ’s technically an illegal search under the Fourth Amendment .
The Fourth Amendment says you have protection against unreasonable search and seizure .
If there ’s a woman pushing a baby stroller down the boardwalk , that does not give the police the right to check if the kid is kidnapped .
So if you ’re in full compliance with the law , minding your own business , they technically do n’t have the right to stop you to check if your weapon is unloaded or loaded . ”
Open carrying , Nate explains , is legal in San Diego and the rest of California .
“ [ The law says ] you ca n’t carry a loaded gun in an incorporated area , ” he says .
“ This is an incorporated area . ”
“ Because San Diego is a corporation , ” Sam chimes in .
“ So then , [ the law ] says , ‘ Firearms carried openly in belt holsters are not concealed within the meaning of this section , ’ ” Nate continues , referencing California Penal Code Section 12025 ( f ) , which outlines the illegality of concealed carrying and what is and is not considered a concealed firearm .
“ So there you have that , ” Nate continues .
“ And then case law says that ammo next to the gun is not considered loaded .
So , basically , you start out with a great idea and it gets detracted down to what we have now . ”
The nuances of gun laws in California , I find , are difficult .
For example , concealed carrying is not legal in San Diego ( and all of California ) without a permit — that much is abundantly clear — and neither is carrying a loaded gun .
Having ammunition situated next to a firearm , however , does not amount to “ loaded , ” meaning that Nate , Sean , and Sam can carry full magazines on their belts .
The legalities involving open carry are dizzying , the restrictions numerous .
One cannot open carry 1000 feet from a school , for instance , or in the “ sterile area ” of an airport or in a post office or a national park ( though it is legal in a national forest ) .
And then there ’s the somewhat sticky issue of the Second Amendment .
“ Instead of [ the Bill of Rights ] being automatic , they did amendment - by - amendment incorporation , ” Sam explains .
“ So now practically all the amendments have been incorporated against the states except the Third , because nobody ’s tried to quarter soldiers in [ anyone ’s ] house , and the Second , because it has n’t happened yet . ”
By “ incorporated against the states , ” Sam means that the U.S. Supreme Court has not ruled that the amendment applies to the states .
So if it ’s such a hassle , why open carry ?
As we walk , the trio explains .
For Sam , 39 , who works from home studying “ history and behavioral economics independently and try[ing ] to figure out what ’s going to happen next before everyone else , ” it ’s mostly about constitutional freedom , a cause he says he ’s felt strongly about since childhood .
He ’s been open carrying for about seven months and heard about it through Nate and Calguns.net , a popular online meeting place for California gun owners and enthusiasts .
“ I really believe , and I think that most thinking people believe , that we are slowly losing our freedoms in this country , ” he says .
“ Everything ’s become more and more restricted , and nobody seems to know what to do about it .
If we would just get back to following the Constitution , America would again be the place it was intended to be , the place where everybody wanted to come .
This whole open - carry movement , for me , is really about more than just guns ; it ’s about liberty and what it means to be a free man . ”
Nate , a 22 - year - old human biology student , voices another issue : the lack of CCW ( concealed - carry weapon ) permit issuance .
A concealed - weapon license allows one to have a concealed weapon on his or her person .
In California , Nate says , concealed - weapon licenses are most commonly issued to lawyers , jewelers , and traveling doctors .
“ I knew I was n’t going to get a CCW permit .
I ’m not important enough — I do n’t make enough money , I do n’t have a good enough ‘ cause , ’ according to California — so I said , ‘ Well , I guess I ’ll just start open carrying , ’ ” he says .
“ Another reason I started doing it is that it ’s a political statement .
I ’m not important enough for my right to self - defense , so what we do is we just take it out in the open .
This is what we have to do . ”
Nate has been open carrying for about a year and heard about it on Calguns.
net .
“ I just started doing it , ” he says .
“ Read[ing ] up , whatever I could do . ”
Sean , a 32 - year - old senior systems engineer , chimes in .
“ I ’ve always been somewhat of a gun-rights activist , ” he says .
“ I ’m really in it more for the activism more than anything else .
I ’ve noticed that a lot of the guys are younger , and the police seem to react differently to folks who are in their 30s than to folks that are in their 20s .
So I feel it ’s a good idea to keep the reactions moderated a little bit . ”
Sean has been open carrying for about a year , he says , and is also an active member of Calguns.
net .
Most of the response the trio has gotten while open carrying has been positive .
“ On the 28th , I ’d say about two - thirds of the contact we had was ‘ Hey , that ’s legal to do ? ’ ” Sean says , referencing an open - carry event held in San Diego in February .
“ Not accusatory or anti — either positive or just requesting information . ”
He pauses .
“ The people who were blue - collar guys or office workers or whatever , they ’re more curious about stuff like this than people who are just out there on the beach all day because they do n’t have an obligation to go be somewhere else .
I think that ’s probably the reason that there ’s sort of a skew in the types of contact we ’ve had today . ”
As we walk and talk , a man in a red shirt passes us , his eyes obstructed by wraparound shades .
He turns around to face us .
“ You walking around with live ammo in those ? ” he asks , walking backward .
“ Not with live ammo in them , ” Sean replies amicably .
“ Do you have a permit for that ? ” the man asks .
“ You do n’t need one , ” says Sean .
“ I ’ll find out down here for you , ’ kay ? ” the man asks , somewhat rhetorically , as he hightails it down the boardwalk .
“ It ’s not Mexico , guys , you ca n’t pull that shit off , ” he shouts , over his shoulder .
“ Do you really think that guy is going to go to the cops ? ” I ask , once I ’m sure he ’s out of earshot .
“ Probably , ” says Sam .
“ And the cops will say , ‘ It ’s legal .
You do n’t have to like it , but it ’s legal . ’ ”
Turning back , walking into the sun , we decide it ’s time for food and continue — undisturbed — to Mission Boulevard , where there ’s a small Mexican restaurant with outdoor seating .
San Diego open carriers , I discover , have had a few open - carry events here in town , coordinated mostly via sites such as Calguns.net , OpenCarry.org , and CaliforniaOpenCarry.org , where there are local forums in which members discuss issues of gun ownership , gun rights , gun laws , and more .
The last meet , at the time of this writing , was in February and took place on the very boardwalk Nate , Sean , Sam , and I just traversed .
The police were well informed , and things went smoothly as an estimated 40 to 50 people , open carriers and supporters alike , congregated beachside .
At the Mexican restaurant , lunch proceeds normally , save for a few stares , until I notice a large white - and - black SUV pull up in front of us .
“ Uh-oh , ” I think .
“ Here we go . ”
A male cop emerges , a tall man with a salt - and - pepper crew cut .
He smiles at us .
“ Howdy , folks .
How ’re you all doing today ? ” he asks .
“ Fine , ” everybody responds .
“ I ’m going to have to do a 12031 ( e ) inspection on you and get out of your hair , ” the cop says .
“ Are you requesting or demanding ? ” Nate asks .
“ I ’m sorry ? ” asks the cop .
“ Are you requesting or demanding ? ” Nate repeats .
The cop looks at him .
“ Well , I ’ll start with a request , but then I ’ll demand , ” he replies .
“ As long as you ’re demanding , ” says Nate .
The cop starts with Sean .
He has him face the opposite direction and goes around behind him , removing Sean ’s gun .
He checks for ammunition and , finding none , places the gun back in its holster .
The cop makes his way around the table .
Each of the trio stands and , when asked to be checked , pipes up with “ Requesting or demanding ? ”
When the cop gets to me , I gulp , even though I know my line .
“ You , ma’am , are carrying as well ? ” he asks .
I nod , then jump right in .
“ Requesting or demanding ? ” I ask .
“ Requesting and then I ’ll be demanding , ” comes the reply .
I stand , watching as he removes the gun from my hip .
I can hear the revolver ’s wheel turning as he checks the chamber for bullets .
Then he hands it back to me — the first time I ’ve handled a real handgun — and I slide it , if somewhat amateurishly , into the holster .
“ Okay , ” the cop says .
“ I appreciate your cooperation . ”
Before he leaves , Sean asks if someone sent him over .
“ Actually , we had a radio call .
I guess you were out on the boardwalk , ” the cop replies .
“ I think I know the guy … ”
Sean says wryly .
“ I talked to one person that had called .
He said you were headed south , ” the cop says .
“ So we were looking for you .
We appreciate your cooperation .
Have a good day . ”
I glance around me and notice several cruisers are parked along the edge of the Mexican restaurant ’s lot , plus the SUV .
Nate turns to me .
“ You have just experienced the hassle of the open - carry movement , ” he says .
“ That guy was actually very good , very straightforward , ” Sean comments , as the SUV and its entourage drive away .
“ He was not out to abuse rights , he was not out to try and make anything up .
He was just doing his job . ”
This makes one cop stop for Sean , two for Sam , and three for Nate .
And , of course , one for me .
“ It ’s all very complicated , ” I tell them , speaking of the various gun laws , regulations , and restrictions , from state to federal , as we collect our trash from lunch .
Sam nods .
“ And if we just followed the Second Amendment the way it was written , none of this would be necessary , ” he says .
Shortly after our encounter with the cops , we part ways , agreeing to meet up at a later time that night .
Nate , Sean , and Sam are taking me to a local firing range , and come evening , I will have fired my first gun .
The range is located in a squat brown building with an American flag in the window and a big neon sign bearing the word “ GUNS ” in all capitals .
Inside is a small series of booths separated by dividers .
It ’s busy , and people in groups wait their turns , snapping pictures , flashes going off in time to the sound of the guns .
The ground is littered with glittering brass shell casings , and I can feel them through the soles of my shoes as I walk to my appointed booth .
Sean is my teacher for the evening , and he patiently goes over how to handle the first guns I will shoot , a .22 - caliber CZ Kadet and his .40 - caliber Sig Sauer P229 .
I try to remember , listening to his instructions over the loud pops and bangs from neighboring rangegoers .
I take a deep breath .
Eject the magazine .
Click the slide back to make sure it ’s not loaded .
The CZ is heavy in my hands and heavier still as I slide a full magazine inside and give it a firm tap with my hand .
I position my hands , making sure my grip is not too weak and my thumbs are not too low .
My finger slides over the trigger , pulls back .
Pow !
An explosion erupts , and the gun jerks back in my hands , shell ejecting onto the floor ; it drops and I do n’t see it .
I ’m transfixed .
I try again , trying not to close my eyes .
The smell of gunpowder tickles my nose .
I finish the clip , watching the holes that have appeared in the paper target I was aiming at .
They ’re nowhere near where they should be , but it ’s not bad .
Sean reels the target in and points to a cluster of holes around the bottom of one of the bull ’s - eyes .
It ’s a clover pattern , he says ; it ’s good .
“ You should be proud of that , ” he says , over the din .
I smile .
At the end of the night , I have shot eight guns — three handguns , one carbine , and four rifles .
The list is a litter of letters and numbers to me .
There are the CZ Kadet , Sig Sauer , and CZ 97B for handguns .
The carbine is an FN PS90 .
For rifles , I handle the Ruger Mini - 14 , the Kel - Tec SU - 16CA .223 , the not - so - fearsome AR - 15 .223 — a gun that might be soon made illegal — that weighs so much I can barely hold it to my shoulder , and the Ruger 10 / 22 , a lightweight rifle without much recoil ( kickback ) that turns out to be my favorite .
( Though the range generally does not allow certain types of rifles to be used , for the purpose of this article , we were permitted to shoot the Kel - Tec SU - 16CA and the AR - 15 . )
The evening after my shooting adventure , I ’m due to meet another open carrier , Tom , at a coffee shop in Mission Valley .
Tom is a neatly bearded gentleman with wire - rimmed glasses .
Fresh from work , it appears , he wears a dress shirt and black slacks along with his Springfield Armory 1911 .45 that is barely visible on his belt .
His wife sits across from him , reading .
Tom smiles as he introduces himself , assures me that I ’m not too terribly late , and offers me a coffee before we settle down to talk .
While not new to gun ownership — in fact , he ’s an avid collector —
Tom has only been open carrying for a few months .
He is a member of several of the online forums previously mentioned , where he reads and responds to various topics and discussions .
Unlike Nate , Sam , and Sean , with whom he is acquainted , Tom has not been stopped by many people , curious or otherwise .
He speculates that , because of his dress , most may take him for a plainclothes police officer .
“ They must think you ’ve got a badge somewhere , ” I joke .
“ Could be , ” he agrees .
“ That ’s the first thought .
But people need to be aware that a citizen living in a free country is allowed to have liberty and to do these things .
And most people assume it ’s against the law . ”
Tom began carrying mostly out of political reasons .
“ I got alarmed at how radically guns and gun owners are being vilified across California and across the country , ” he says .
“ The laws are being passed willy - nilly , some that do n’t even make sense , and it ’s time to start pushing back against unfair , unjust laws . ”
He , like the others , agrees that the Second Amendment needs to apply to the states as well as at a federal level .
He elaborates on a California case recently heard by a three - judge panel of the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court that tackles this issue , Nordyke v. King , in which Alameda County attempted ( and succeeded ) in banning guns from its fairground in order to stop a gun show .
“ They started a legal action against the city .
Another lawyer picked [ it ] up and has been pursuing it for almost ten years on his own dime , [ with ] no financial support .
And what we ’re hoping it will do [ is ] incorporate the Second Amendment to California . ”
Tom , 56 , also open carries for other reasons than political activism , recognizing that it could be useful in an unsafe situation .
“ I look at it like we ’ve never had a fire in our house , but we have two fire extinguishers , ” he says , and cites something he read in the news as one example .
In February of this year , in Los Angeles , he says , two men walked into a café and shot seven people , then walked out .
“ Now , if they ’d come up to that café and looked in the window and seen two or three guys with a gun on their hip , would n’t they have turned around and gone someplace else ? ”
Tom wonders aloud .
“ Or would they have gone in anyway ?
The first responding officers heard the shots , but they were n’t able to get there in time to catch the guys .
So the only one who ’s in a position to do anything about it would be the people who are right there getting shot at .
And I ’d like to ask those people sitting in the café if they wished they ’d had a gun when they saw those guys walk in the door . ”
He makes the point that , in areas with stricter gun-control laws , crime is higher .
“ [ In ] places where the laws allow the citizens to take their security into their own hands , violent crime goes down significantly , ” he says .
“ Look at Chicago and Washington , D.C. , where the citizens are essentially forbidden to own handguns , and the incidents of violent crimes are enormous . ”
( In June 2008 , the Supreme Court struck down Washington D.C. ’s ban on handguns . )
Later , he sends me a link to the FBI crime statistics from 2007 ( the latest information available ) .
They report some grim facts .
In Vermont , which allows the concealed carrying of weapons without a permit , the violent crimes per 100,000 inhabitants is 124.3 , while in the District of Columbia , it ’s 1413.3 .
Alaska , like Vermont , allows concealed carrying without a permit , and their number is 661.2 .
In California , it ’s 522.6 .
Though he knows the laws regarding guns are n’t always in the favor of gun owners , Tom speculates that they can only get so rigid .
“ To completely eliminate all access to guns is going to be kind of tough because we live in a country where the founders have determined that it ’s a good thing for the citizens to be armed , ” he says .
“ And we agree . ”
Tom does n’t open carry everywhere .
He ca n’t at work , where he is a technical writer , and does n’t feel comfortable doing so at church .
“ I consider it inappropriate to wear it exposed because it ’s a big distraction , ” he says .
“ And we ’re there to worship , not there to be distracted by someone ’s outlandish clothes or political activism . ”
He will also take it off , if on private property , when asked , such as when he was stopped — and the only time he ’s been approached negatively — in a supermarket .
“ The whole point is to try and make people aware and comfortable that law - abiding citizens can carry guns without the world coming to an end , ” he says simply , “ without having to provoke a SWAT incident .
We ’re very meticulous in obeying the law .
We ’re very careful about what the law says , what we ’re allowed to do [ and ] what we ’re not allowed to do .
And the police have endorsed that , verified that . ”
Though Tom may be in a minority , there is a growing open - carry movement in San Diego .
Tom estimates that there are between 75 and 100 active open carriers locally .
“ We had between 75 and 100 people who said they were going to come [ to the February 28 event ] , ” he says .
“ So there are at least 75 to 100 .
There have been other meets where we ’ve all gotten together for lunch down at El Indio , and there were 20 to 25 people at each one of those .
And there ’s some overlap , and some people came to the first and not the second , so I ’d be surprised if there were less than 100 active people in the San Diego area . ”
He attended the El Indio lunch and reports that everyone in the restaurant was respectful and supportive .
“ A couple of girls came in and had lunch and asked about it , ” he says .
“ They said , ‘ Why are you guys all wearing guns ? ’ ”
He pauses , laughing at the story .
“ And we explained the program to them , and they said , ‘ You know , I bet this is the safest place in San Diego right now ! ’ ”
Listen to Rosa Jurjevics this story further on Reader Radio !
EXTENSIVE WEB OVERHAUL TO FEATURE DEBUT OF RECORD CLUB
Beck & Friends Form Music Club To Re-Record Entire Albums In One - Day Sessions and Post a Track a Week
Beck
Beck.com will be undergoing an extensive overhaul in the next month .
It will feature several new sections , including Record Club – a regular meeting of various musicians to record an entire album in one day .
Due to the time constraints involved in recording a record in a day , an album will be chosen to be covered and used as a framework for the proceedings .
Nothing will be rehearsed or arranged ahead of time .
A track from these sessions will be uploaded once a week on Beck.com , as well as through the web sites of those involved in the project .
Record Club will be an ongoing experiment .
Visitors to the site will be able to follow progress from week to week .
The first album attempted – one of the few everyone could agree on – will be The Velvet Underground & Nico .
Musicians involved in upcoming Record Clubs include Devendra Banhart , MGMT , Jamie Lidell and Nigel Godrich .
Topics Covered Videos Jannik Meyer / U. Ulm ( both ) Atomic Knockoff
Under the influence of the energetic beam in an electron microscope , thin regions of a boron nitride crystal grow thinner still , eventually being reduced to single - atom thickness , as seen in these videos .
* Macromedia Flash Player 8 is required to view videos .
Text Size A A
Jannik Meyer / U of Ulm THIN AS CAN BE Few - atoms - thick boron nitride crystals become thinner as an electron beam forms triangular and polygon - shaped vacancies .
Graphene is n't the only material capable of existing as a free - standing one - atom - thick film .
The widely studied carbon material now shares that distinction with boron nitride , according to researchers in Germany ( Nano Lett. , DOI 10.1021/nl9011497 ) .
Scientists had long predicted that single - atom - thick sheets of materials like graphene would spontaneously roll up into tubes or other curved structures if , indeed , the superthin films could be formed at all .
Just a few years ago , however , researchers showed that not only is it possible to separate atom - thick sheets of graphene from graphite , but it 's also easy to do .
That discovery touched off an explosion of studies that uncovered outstanding and potentially useful mechanical , electronic , and chemical properties of the thinnest material ( C&EN , March 2 , page 14 ) .
Now , atom - thick boron nitride films may be poised to share the spotlight with graphene .
Many other types of atom - thick monolayers have been grown on solid supports .
But unlike graphene , other films generally cannot be separated intact from their supports .
Jannik C. Meyer , Ute Kaiser , and coworkers at the University of Ulm prepared microscopy samples of " hexagonal " boron nitride ( h - BN ) by peeling apart thin crystals of h- BN with adhesive tape — a method commonly used with graphene .
Then , they transferred the few - atoms - thick flakes to a microscopy grid , a support that leaves relatively large sections of the flakes ( millions of atoms ) freely suspended over the grid holes .
By exposing the sample to a transmission electron microscope beam , the team ejected atoms from the lattice and thinned the crystals to a single atomic layer .
The group controlled the rate at which the beam whittled away the film by tuning the beam intensity and imaging conditions .
They were able to analyze the sputtering process by recording atomic - resolution images and videos .
Among other findings , the team observed that the electron beam sweeps away one atomic layer at a time by forming triangular and polygon - shaped vacancies .
University of Manchester physicist Kostya S. Novoselov comments that this study provides insight into the mechanical properties and defect formation in boron nitride and marks " an important milestone in our understanding of the properties of two - dimensional crystals . "
Thank God .
That ’s the first thought that crept into my mind when Ortiz unfurled those tree - limb arms and crushed his first home run of the 2009 season to straightaway center .
Because now , I can sleep .
I can eat .
I can go about my nefarious ways without thinking something is amiss in the universe .
Suddenly , everything makes sense again .
Since 2004 , Papi ’s smile has been an important part of the engine driving the Red Sox Machine .
Did n’t matter how bad things got ; when he smiled , we knew it was gonna work out .
But lately … seeing him slumped on the bench , looking deflated and beaten and as confused as a guy shuffling through the aisles of Victoria ’s Secret the night before Valentine ’s Day … it ’s been painful .
And while I believed he ’d turn it around , I ’d be lying if I said the doubt did n’t creep in from time to time .
In fact , before last night ’s game , I made a declaration to no one in particular : “ He ’s either gonna go yard tonight , or he ’s never gonna do it the rest of the season . ”
And , thankfully , he did go yard .
And watching his teammates swarm him in the dugout , seeing the curtain call and the fist pumped in the air , brought back some of those 2004 memories .
When the guy was a force of nature , and pitchers practically resigned themselves to having their asses dented every time he stepped to the plate .
It just felt good .
Not like we were hurting for highlights last night .
We had Youkbacca ( patent pending ) returning to the line - up and picking up where he left off , like some sort of deranged beast from the past found frozen in a block of ice who gets defrosted and gets right back to his savage ways .
We had two home - runs from Varitek , another from Jason Bay , the Human Ass - Kicking Machine , and one from Lowell .
Fifteen hits in all and a drubbing of the first - place Jays .
Could we become the first team to sweep Toronto in 2009 ?
With Ortiz all fired up , anything is possible .
NOTE : And for those of you who asked , yesterday ’s six posts did mark a new one - day record for productivity here at SG .
The closest we ’ve come in the past was that day I thought I saw Amalie Benjamin at the local Walgreens and proceeded to follow her down 128 .
My intention here is not to make points against Lenin , but rather to analyze " The State And Revolution " as objectively as possible , yet remain within the context of anarchism .
This analysis written by Lenin some months before the October Revolution , has been called his most libertarian work .
Writers such as Hal Draper , Raya Dunayevskya , C.L.R James , therefore claimed that Lenin was something of a libertarian socialist and Trotskyists have also used it to claim that he was in favour of workers ' power .
The State and Revolution , more than any other document , spells out the Marxist concept of revolution and its immediate aftermath .
It also brings into clear focus the differences and similarities between Marxism ( a ) and anarchism over the nature of revolutionary governance .
( b ) A major bone of contention between anarchists and Marxists is over the notion of the " workers ' state . "
Anarchists typically see these concepts as a Marxist desire to erect a powerful centralized state and party dictatorship over the working class .
What is a state in Marxist terms ?
According to Lenin the state develops where class antagonisms cannot be reconciled .
( 1 ) For Engels the state is a power standing above society to alleviate the conflict .
The state requires a territory , the armed forces not coinciding with the people .
If the state stands over society liberation therefore ultimately requires its destruction .
( 2 ) The final goal of Marxists and Anarchists is thus the same – a stateless and classless society .
It is in the details of the intervening period between the old system and the new where we find differences of opinion .
Why A Workers ' State ?
It order to defend the revolution , revolutionaries must suppress counter - revolution and this is accomplished by the armed working population .
By the very act of suppressing another class , the workers , in Marxist terms , have a " state . "
The state , ie , the proletariat organized as the ruling class .
( 3 ) The form that the workers state takes , Marx says , is that of suppression of the standing army and its replacement by the armed people .
( 4 ) Lenin too , saw the workers state as nothing more than the exploiting class being suppressed by the armed populace .
But this " state " really is not a state in the regular sense of the word – a bureaucracy , standing army separate from the people , but is a " state " that is already disappearing .
( " withering away " )
This is what is Lenin called the abolition of the state as state and is the fullest form of democracy .
( 5 ) 463
As soon as the revolution is successful and the workers have broken the power of the rulers , that remaining essence of the state begins to dissolve itself .
For Engels , ... there is no longer any social class to be held in subjection ...[ there is ] nothing necessitating a special coercive force or state . ( 6 )
But workers simply cannot take over the existing state and use it .
They must smash it and replace it with something new .
In order for the revolution to be successful , it must be a people 's revolution , ( 7 ) ( peasants and workers ) and the smashing of the state is the pre-condition of this alliance .
This new form of governance is the Commune .
The Commune is the form discovered by the proletariat under which the emancipation of the proletariat takes place .
( 8 ) The basic structure of the workers state or commune would be to ... elect delegates , all revocable , control and supervision by all , at wages the average of the worker .
( 9 ) Lenin mentions favorably Engels remark about the need to replace the term [ workers ] state with " commune " as more accurate and less confusing . ( 10 )
A Contradiction ?
While lauding the Commune and its direct democracy , Lenin also said that in this workers state , state power involves a centralized organization of forces – the vanguard " directing and organizing the new system ... ( 11 ) But this seems contradicted by his favorable attitude to Engels rather decentralist view that in the early French Republic of 1792 - 98 each commune enjoyed complete self - government on the American model .
( 12 ) Engels also favored the Australian and Canadian system of provincial and municipal governments , seeking a situation where there was complete self - government for provinces , districts and communes ... abolition of all local and provincial authority appointed by the state . ( 13 )
We will see later , that Lenin seems to confuse centralization with unity and this confusion is one root of contention between Marxists and anarchists .
Two Different Analytic Tools .
By positing the state in its ultimate sense as one class suppressing another , Marxists engaged in an ontological definition – the state is essentially class domination .
Anarchists , on the other hand view the state not as a concept or abstraction , but as the " really existing state " .
Their analysis is empirical ( descriptive ) – the state has a bureaucracy , a governing body and army separate from the people etc .
Thus , for anarchists , the Commune is NOT a state , and for the Marxists it is the last vestige of the state .
Both are right according to the choice of analytic tools , and the ontological and the empirical are both valid ways of looking at the world .
Nor should Marxism be reduced to the ontological and anarchism to the empirical in some general way .
Both tendencies use both methodologies , though sometimes in different ways .
Marx and Lenin Attack The Anarchists
If the above was all there was to State and Revolution , the situation between anarchists and Marxists would be " you say to may toe , I say to mah to . "
However , Lenin , and Marx and Engels before him , systematically misrepresented the anarchist position on revolution , organization and governance .
While it is true that anarchists have also misrepresented Marxists , sometimes grossly , I would suggest that Marxist misinformation has only served to reinforce the negative stereotype anarchists often have of them . ( c. )
Lenin states , contra anarchism ,
We are not utopians , we do not dream of dispensing at once with all administration , with all subordination .
These are anarchist dreams .
( 14 ) Accordingly ,
The anarchists dismissed the question of political forms altogether ( 15 ) and only have a vague notion of what they wish to replace the state with .
( 16 ) They just want to destroy the state , period .
Anarchism is thus a tactic of dispair , rather than taking into account practical problems .
( 17 )
Let 's see what Lenin 's anarchist predecessors and contemporaries had to say about administration , political forms and their destruction .
( All emphasis below is mine . )
On the other hand the State has also been confused with Government .
Since there can be no State without government , it has sometimes been said that what one must aim at is the absence of government and not the abolition of the State .
However , it seems to me that State and government are two concepts of a different order .
The State idea means something quite different from the idea of government .
The State , Its Historic Role , Peter Kropotkin
There is a need for a revolution ...
This conviction has led many to believe that the only important thing is the insurrection , and to overlook what has to be done to prevent an insurrection from remaining a sterile act of violence against which an act of reactionary violence would be the eventual reply .
For those who believe this , all the practical questions of organization ... are matters which will solve themselves ...
Yet the conclusion we come to is this : Social reorganization is something we must all think about right now ...
In order to abolish the police and all the harmful social institutions we must know what to put in their place ... immediately , the very day we start demolishing .
One only destroys , effectively and permanently , that which one replaces by something else ; and to put off to a later date ... would be to give time to the institutions one is intending to abolish to recover from the shock and reassert themselves , perhaps under other names , but certainly with the same structure .
The Anarchist Revolution , Errico Malatesta
by the ... federation of communes to replace the domineering , paternalistic state .
Micheal Bakunin , Bakunin On Anarchy , Sam Dolgoff , Vintage 1971 , P. 262
Collective power ... workmen 's associations in place of armies .
Proudhon in George Woodcock , The Anarchist Reader , Fontana , 1980 , p.293
A new form of political organization has to be worked out .
And it is evident that the new form will have to be more popular , more decentralized , and nearer to the folkmoot self - government than representative government can ever be .
Kropotkin in Paul Berman , Quotations From The Anarchists , Praeger , 1972 , p. 68 ,
The nation is a free association of communes .
Mandatories are at all time subject to recall .
Carlo Piscane in Robert Graham , Anarchism , Black Rose , Montreal , 2005 , p.66
Lenin claimed that the anarchists thought that the workers should " renounce the use of arms , organized violence , that is the state ... [ they ] repudiated all authority , all subordination , all power . "
( 18 ) Were anarchists that naive ?
We must play an active part in the necessary physical struggle ... in order to destroy all the repressive forces of the government and to induce the people to take possession of the land , homes , transport , factories , mines , and of all existing goods ...
We must ... encourage action ... in order to prevent the emergence of new authoritarian groups , new governments , combating them with violence if necessary ...
The Anarchist Revolution , Errico Malatesta
Revolution means war ...
Either the bourgeois world will subdue ... the people ... or the working masses will ... destroy to its roots bourgeois exploitation ... the uprooting of all that is represented by the State .
Pps 372-373
It is necessary ... there be a real force in the field , one that knows what should be done ... capable of taking hold of the Revolution and giving it direction salutery for the people ... a serious international organization of workers ' associations .
p.375 .
Begin by striking down those who oppress you ... and having destroyed the power of your enemies ... disarmed and helpless ... invite them to live and work along side you .... p. 377 The Political Philosophy of Bakunin G. P. Maximoff Free Press 1964 ,
The purpose of revolutionary organizations is to help people toward self - determination ... the least interference from any sort of domination .
Bakunin- The Philosophy of Freedom , Brian Morris , Black Rose 1993 , p.148
It is necessary to make sure the [ revolutionary ] movement ... is not simply a blind movement ... on taking up the Winchester we go forth decided , not upon the enthronement of another boss , but the reclamation of rights of the people .
179 War against the wage system , Mexicans ! ... make the lands and machinery of production for common use ; and this can only be achieved through means of force ...
And if those who ... oppose this work of supreme social justice , kill them !
Dreams of Freedom , Ricardo Flores Magon , , eds Chaz Bufe , M.C. Veter , p.155
In each Syndicate [ union ] a group for defense was formed ... they exercised themselves in the management of arms ... not to be taken unawares [ by ] reactionary conspiracy ...
These Syndicalist battalions were not a force external to the people , they were the people themselves ... at the same time they seized the factories ... they occupied ... all the points where the reactionaries might have been able to concentrate ... [ they ] were ruthlessly isolated ...
Emile Pouget , How We Shall Bring about
The revolution , Pluto , London , 1990 , p151
The structure of the CGT .. is neither centralist nor authoritarian ...[ it ] is controlled from below ... Confederal activities co-ordinated by the ... delegates ...
In the regulation of collective affairs the Congress [ of the CGT ] is entirely sovereign .
Pierre Monatte 1907 in George Woodcock The Anarchist Reader Fontana 1980 .
p. 214
Unless democracy is a fraud ... each citizen in the sphere of his industry , each municipality , disctrict or provincial council , within its own territory , is the only natural and legitimate representative ...
The People is ... the organic union of wills ...
Such a union must be sought in the harmony of their interests , not in artificial centralization .
Proudhon , Anarchism , Robt .
Graham ed Black Rose 2005 , p.57
Lenin claimed that Anarchists find no use in exploring past revolutions to find out what to replace state with . ( 18 )
I would be unable to accept the view that all past revolutions though they were not anarchist revolutions were useless , nor that future ones which will still not be anarchist revolutions will be useless .
The Anarchist Revolution , Errico Malatesta
It should also be remembered that Kropotkin wrote an entire book on the French Revolution where he described the Parisian sections .
Proudhon also wrote about it as well .
Marx disagreed with Bakunin and Proudhon on federalism and Lenin wrote it off as an aspect of the " petty bourgeois " nature of anarchism ..
( 19 ) For Lenin , Marx was a centralist and this was exemplified as The proletarians and poor peasants ... organize themselves quite freely in communes , unite all the communes in ... crushing the resistence of the capitalists , in transferring [ industry ] to the entire nation , wo n't that be centralism ?
After reading the quotes from the anarchists above on organization and administration , there should be little doubt anarchists want to see the proletarians and poor peasants ... organize themselves quite freely in communes , unite all the communes in ... crushing the resistence of the capitalists , in transferring [ industry ] to the entire nation ..
But this is seen not as " centralization " but " unity in action " .
For anarchists centralization means top - down control and no autonomy in the units that make up the centralized organization .
We have already seen that Marx , Engels and Lenin all agree that control should be from the bottom up ... elect delegates , all revocable , control and supervision by all , and the communes should have the degree of autonomy necessary to carry out their functions , " complete self - government for provinces , districts and communes ...
Lenin seems to confuse unity with centralization .
Both he and Marx also seem confused about federalism .
They deny the need for it , yet at the same time insist upon the complete self government of the communes .
What is local autonomy combined with delegation , other than a form of federalism ?
It may be that Marx and Lenin thought federalism meant too loose a structure , communes or counties as virtual independent countries , and thus dis-unity and conflict .
Perhaps like the thousands of petty German principalities during Marx 's youth , or the " federalism " of business unionism where different trades scab on each other .
But this was never the federal concept among social anarchists .
Finally there is the canard about " petty bourgeois anarchists " .
For sure there are such anarchists , just like there are " petty bourgeois " socialists .
But these " individualist anarchists " are few in number compared with social anarchists .
( d) This slander by Marxists has always seemed like psychological projection .
Syndicalism is the most purely proletarian form of socialism , yet among the Marxist parties is where one finds lawyers , academics and the children of the middle class in charge .
Conclusion
Marxists who adhere to the principles of the Paris Commune and anarchists have much more in common than they think .
Strip away the polemical exaggerations , strip away the fallacious arguments , and you have two groups who seek Popular Power for the working masses .
It seemed to 19th Century revolutionaries that they could defeat other revolutionary tendencies through polemics , and these were often of dubious honesty .
Criticism of genuine weaknesses and errors are to be desired , as they help develop our practice .
False or polemically exaggerated statements do nothing but exacerbate division and animosity .
Tendencies can be almost obliterated by violence – witness anarchism in the 1930's and 40's as it was stamped out by fascism and Stalinism .
But when the ground is fertile they are reborn .
A tendency will only be permanently reduced to insignificance when it is totally disconnected from the reality of the times and the needs of the people .
Witness the Socialist Labor Party which has been dying since 1900 and experienced no significant growth during any of the periods of revolt of the last century .
150 years of polemics between Marxists and Anarchists , and guess what ?
Both of us are still here , in most cases more alive than in several generations .
More important than tendency or ideology is practice , or desired practice .
If you believe in worker and neighborhood assembles with recallable delegates , self - management and multi-tendency direct democracy , these common principles should take precedence over the quarrels of 150 years ago .
FOOTNOTES
a. Except for " libertarian Marxism " , which denies the need for any form of state .
b. I have chosen the word " governance " as a neutral term to describe the political organization of post - revolutionary society .
Governance can be either statist or non-statist , in the anarchist usage of the term , state ..
c. There have always been anarchists respectful of Marx , such as Albert Parsons , Daniel Guerin , Murray Bookchin and Kevin Carson .
Furthermore , much anarchist animosity can be traced to Bakunin 's understandable confusion between the German Social Democratic Party and the thinking of Marx and Engels .
d. Social anarchists are those with some level of class analysis , consider themselves socialists and favor , where needed , large scale organization .
Social anarchists include mutualists , syndicalists and anarchist communists .
1. 387 , 2 . 387 , 3 . 402 , 4 . 418 , 5 . 397 , 6 . 395 , 7 . 416-17 , 8 . 432 , 9 . 481 , 10 .
440 , 11 . 404 , 12 . 447 , 13 .
448 , 14 .
425 , 15 .
431 , 16 .
484 , 17 .
488 , 18 . 436 , 19 . 427
All the above pages came from " The State and Revolution " , in " Lenin's Collected Works " Vol. 25 , Progress Publishers , Moscow , 1964
Labels : anarchism
DURANGO , Colo . 
For the first time since territorial days , rain will be free for the catching here , as more and more thirsty states part ways with one of the most entrenched codes of the West .
Precipitation , every last drop or flake , was assigned ownership from the moment it fell in many Western states , making scofflaws of people who scooped rainfall from their own gutters .
In some instances , the rights to that water were assigned a century or more ago .
Now two new laws in Colorado will allow many people to collect rainwater legally .
The laws are the latest crack in the rainwater edifice , as other states , driven by population growth , drought , or declining groundwater in their aquifers , have already opened the skies or begun actively encouraging people to collect .
“ I was so willing to go to jail for catching water on my roof and watering my garden , ” said Tom Bartels , a video producer here in southwestern Colorado , who has been illegally watering his vegetables and fruit trees from tanks attached to his gutters .
“ But now I ’m not a criminal . ”
“ FOCUS is a way to involve everyone .
It ’s a way to take people beyond writing a check to actually having an encounter .
Everything we do , by nature , is local and personal .
Each moment of service is an individual interaction , but there is a benefit added when you are able to also collaborate .
When we share these experiences , nobody feels at a loss in how to engage in this work . ”
Who are the Tamils ?
The Tamils are a minority with deep roots in the north of the island nation of Sri Lanka and kinship ties to the Indian state of Tamil Nadu , which lies across a narrow sea channel .
A separate group of Tamils arrived later from India as laborers during British rule and are known as Indian Tamils .
Together they make up around 18 percent of Sri Lanka 's 20 million people , with the Sinhalese majority making up 74 percent .
Largely Hindu , the Tamils live mostly in the north and east , the area claimed by the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) , though large numbers live in Colombo , the capital .
Since the 1980s , Tamil emigration has created an influential diaspora in Britain , Canada , Australia , and elsewhere that exceeds 800,000 people .
What do they want ?
After Sri Lanka 's independence in 1948 , Tamil elites excelled in English - language education and government service .
Sinhalese felt excluded , and their political leaders sought to redress the balance , only to sow the seeds of civil war .
The 1956 " Sinhala Only " law that promoted the majority tongue was a turning point .
Ethnic relations soured , and Tamils began agitating for a federal state .
By the 1970s , this demand had shifted to calls for a separate homeland and armed groups emerged in Jaffna .
Tamil intellectuals say the dream of an independent state is still strong , but decades of war and upheaval have soured many ordinary Tamils on the idea .
A properly managed devolution of power and a retreat by Sinhalese extremists , who insist that Sri Lanka should be a Sinhalese Buddhist island , would probably tamp down the homeland cause .
Both communities urgently need to build bridges , says Kumar Nadesan , managing director of Express Newspapers , publisher of Sri Lanka 's oldest Tamil - language newspaper .
" The polarization is not just on one side .
It 's both sides , " he says .
What role did the Tigers play ?
The Tamil Tigers , as the LTTE is known , was one of several armed Tamil groups set up in the 1970s .
In 1983 , militants ambushed a military convoy in Jaffna and killed 13 soldiers .
Sinhalese in Colombo responded with a massive anti-Tamil pogrom that killed thousands and drove many more to flee in terror .
Tamil militants recruited angry youths seeking vengeance and began fighting the military , with covert funding and training from India .
The LTTE emerged as the most ruthless and effective organization , led by Vullupillai Prabhakaran , who insisted on strict discipline and trained a suicide cadre .
After repelling Indian peacekeepers deployed in 1987 - 90 , the LTTE eliminated its rivals and declared itself to be the sole voice of Tamil nationalism .
It began to build a parallel state in the north and east and to forcibly expel non-Tamils .
Urban terrorism is one of its hallmarks , including assassinations of national leaders in Sri Lanka and India .
Thirty - two nations declared the Tamil Tigers " terrorists . "
What are prospects for autonomy after the defeat of the Tigers ?
Prospects are fairly good , but on terms dictated by a Sinhalese - dominated government that has amassed enormous wartime powers and is n't keen to share them .
The government has already held elections in several provinces and says it 's committed to devolution .
In theory , provincial councils control land rights and police powers , but this has n't happened in the east , where the LTTE was defeated in 2007 .
Another sticking point is the separating of the north and east , which were combined into one province in the 1990s .
Tamil nationalists insist that the two areas should be ruled jointly .
Without adequate powersharing and a full reckoning of Tamil grievances , experts warn that a military victory wo n't bring lasting peace .
Even without the LTTE , resistance could reemerge , says Rohan Gunaratna , head of the International Center for Political Violence and Terrorism Research at Nanyang Technological University in Singapore .
Mr. Prabhakaran was a charismatic figure for the insurgency .
But , Mr. Gunaratna says , " There will be other leaders . "
What role does the Tamil diaspora play in the autonomy movement ?
The diaspora has had a major role in fundraising for the Tamil Tigers among overseas Tamils , including extortion and blackmail of donors .
They have also engaged in political lobbying in Western democracies .
The diaspora runs propaganda campaigns and has supplied news agencies barred from the war zone with images of the carnage .
As the LTTE is a proscribed terrorist organization in many countries , Tamils have used charitable fronts such as the Tamil Relief Organization , which is banned in the United States .
Jane 's Intelligence Review estimates that LTTE charities plus the smuggling of weapons , drugs , and people contributed $ 300 million a year .
The BBC reported Friday that the Sri Lankan Navy seized a ship sent by Tamil charitable groups in Europe , who say it was carrying food and medicine for refugees .
The Sri Lankan government says the ship , which left Britain before the military defeated the rebels , was carrying logistical supplies for the LTTE .
The Tamil diaspora has mostly thrived in exile , and some Tamils may decide to return home if there is a lasting peace .
Some returned during the 2002 cease - fire , and the family bonds remain strong .
But there is also a risk that alienated Tamil exiles will fund Sri Lanka 's next generation of rebels .
Suggest violent foreign terrorists are seeking to work with anti-government groups
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Friday , June 4 , 2009
Counterterrorism officials have stated that they believe “ Al Qaeda ” terrorists are seeking to align themselves with anti-government groups in the US in order to carry out mass casualty attacks .
The suggestion dovetails with recent Department of Homeland security documents that equate with violent terrorists those who champion States ’ rights over the authority of the Federal government .
“ Al Qaeda is looking to exploit weaknesses in U.S. border security and also is willing to ally itself with white militia groups or other anti-government entities interested in carrying out an attack inside the United States , according to counterterrorism officials … ” a report by The Washington Times states .
The officials , who spoke only on the condition they not be named , have pointed to a grainy video , first aired by the Arabic news network Al Jazeera in February , of supposed veteran Al Qaeda recruiter Abdullah al - Nafisi saying that the terrorists should essentially hook up with disgruntled militia groups in the US .
“ These militias even think about bombing nuclear plants within the U.S. , ” al - Nafisi is quoted as saying .
“ May God grant them success , even though we are not white , or even close to it , right ?
They have plans to bomb the nuclear plant at Lake Michigan .
This plant is very important .
…
May
God grant success to one of these militia leaders , who is thinking about bombing this plant .
I believe that we should devote part of our prayers to him . ”
al - Nafisi also suggests that biological weapons , capable of killing hundreds of thousands , could be smuggled into the US through tunnels under the Mexican border .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The translated video is below :
( Article continues below )
Given that the government has made it clear that it sees little difference between white supremacist groups and Americans who still believe in the first and second amendments , this does not bode well .
Of course , there is no actual evidence that any militia group is plotting to blow up nuclear plants or is in league with Al - CIA - da , neither is there any credible evidence that the phantom terrorist group has the capability to carry out a mass biological attack .
No matter , what this does is continue to set the precedent for the authorities to blame the next major attack on those that disagree with their policies and the actions in the name of fighting the “ war on terror ” .
From the reports of “ White Al Qaeda ” to “ homegrown terrorists ” , we have seen the emergence of an ongoing agenda to foment some kind of connection between foreign terrorists hell bent on attacking and killing Americans , and US citizens protesting and speaking out against the erosion of their constitutional rights .
The prime example of this is the recently leaked DHS report , entitled Rightwing Extremism : Current Economic and Political Climate Fueling Resurgence in Radicalization and Recruitment ( PDF link ) .
The document characterizes concerns about the economy , unemployment , the loss of U.S. sovereignty and the move towards global government as “ rightwing extremist chatter on the Internet ” which itself is defined as a potential tool for terrorists to network , build bombs , and send encrypted messages to each other .
It also lists gun owners , veterans , and those opposed to abortion or immigration as potential extremists .
A footnote attached to the report by the Homeland Security Office of Intelligence and Analysis defines “ rightwing extremism in the United States ” as including not just racist or hate groups , but also groups that reject federal authority in favor of state or local authority .
Republican Representatives have demanded answers from the Department of Homeland Security over the origins of the report .
Their demands remain unanswered .
A further disturbing DHS security document emerged last month .
Entitled “ Domestic Extremism Lexicon ” , it shockingly lists the “ alternative media ” with other radical extremist groups and implies that people who disagree with the mass media ’s version of events are potential domestic terrorists .
These reports exist in addition to countless other documents , such as the MIAC report , intended to train police nationwide that supporters of presidential candidates Ron Paul , Chuck Baldwin , and Bob Barr are “ militia ” influenced terrorists .
The singling out in this way of Americans who merely talk about the U.S. constitution , the loss of national sovereignty or the erosion of the Bill of Rights , should act as a wake - up call and prompt more people to expose the tyranny unfolding before their eyes .
This article was posted : Thursday , June 4 , 2009 at 9:51 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Are we witnessing the decline of Christianity in America ?
When you examine all of the most recent poll numbers , the answer is inescapable .
Christian churches in America are losing members rapidly , and this trend is especially dramatic among young Americans .
According to a stunning new survey by America ’s Research Group , 95 percent of 20 to 29 year old evangelicals attended church regularly during their elementary and middle school years .
However , only 55 percent of them attended church regularly during high school , and only 11 percent of them were still regularly attending church when in college .
Those numbers have got to be incredibly sobering to the evangelical Christian leadership in the United States .
The reality is that young Americans are deserting the Church in America in droves .
The other day we came across an article in Advertising Age that blew us away .
The article was discussing marketing and religion , but what impacted us so profoundly were some figures from the American Religious Identification Survey by the Institute for the Study of Secularism in Society & Culture at Trinity College .
According to that survey , 15 % of Americans now say they have “ no religion ” which is up from 8 % in 1990 .
That would be bad enough news for evangelical Christianity .
But there is some more news from that survey that is much worse .
In that same survey , 46 % of Americans between the ages of 18 to 34 indicated that they had no religion .
Forty .
Six .
Percent .
It is important to realize that not all of those 46 percent are unbelievers .
According to a survey by Bohan Advertising / Marketing , the Barna Group and the United Methodist Church , 62 percent of Americans in that age group consider themselves to be “ spiritual ” , and 43 percent of them have prayed to some higher power in the last 2 months .
But what it does mean is that almost half of all Americans between the ages of 18 and 34 do not identify themselves with any particular religion .
And when you look at more recent poll numbers for Christianity in particular , the numbers become even more staggering .
Another new survey by the Barna group reveals that less than 1 percent of all Americans between the ages of 18 and 23 hold a Biblical worldview .
This new poll data clearly demonstrates that the youngest adults in America are clearly rejecting traditional evangelical Christian teaching .
The Barna survey defined “ a Biblical worldview ” as holding all of the following six key beliefs :
1 ) Believing that absolute moral truth exists .
2 ) Believing that the Bible is completely accurate in all of the principles it teaches .
3 ) Believing that Satan is considered to be a real being or force , not merely symbolic .
4 ) Believing that a person cannot earn their way into Heaven by trying to be good or by doing good works .
5 ) Believing that Jesus Christ lived a sinless life on earth .
6 ) Believing that God is the all - knowing , all - powerful creator of the world who still rules the universe today .
So what do all of these poll numbers mean ?
They mean that evangelical Christianity has totally lost almost an entire generation of American young people .
Meanwhile , the Christian Science Monitor recently published an article about the “ coming evangelical collapse ” that they believe is coming .
They openly predict that “ within two generations , evangelicalism will be a house deserted of half its occupants . ”
Ouch !
The reality is that nearly all Christian denominations are rapidly losing members at this point .
The most recent American Religious Identification Survey demonstrates this fact very clearly .
According to that survey , the percentage of Americans who call themselves Christians has dropped more than 11 % since 1990 .
The survey also reports that Catholics , Baptists and other mainline Protestant churches have seen very large drops in numbers .
However , Islam , Wicca and eastern religions such as Hinduism and Buddhism showed large gains in the survey .
The long - term trends look even more frightening for the churches in America .
According to LifeWay Research , membership in Southern Baptist churches will fall nearly 50 percent to around 8.7 million Americans by the year 2050 if current trends continue .
But even more bad news for evangelical Christianity in America is that those who still call themselves Christians do not necessarily hold to traditional Christian beliefs any longer .
Two other recent surveys reveal that the majority of American Christians believe that accepting Jesus Christ as savior is NOT the only way to eternal life .
USAToday recently reported on an almost unbelievable new survey that found that 52 percent of American Christians believe that eternal life is not exclusively for those who accept Jesus Christ as their savior .
A different survey that was taken last year by the Pew Research Center ’s Forum on Religion & Public Life found that 57 percent of evangelical Christians in America believe that “ many religions can lead to eternal life ” .
That shocking study revealed what many evangelical leaders have known for a long time – large number of “ Christians ” in the United States are throwing traditional Christian doctrines into the dumpster .
Evangelical Christians have traditionally been those who follow the teachings of the Bible most literally .
But these new surveys indicate that even a majority of them do not believe in the most fundamental precepts of the Christians faith any longer .
For example , in John 14:6 Jesus says the following :
“ I am the way and the truth and the life .
No one comes to the Father except through me . ”
If there was another way for our sins to be forgiven , then why did Jesus need to die on the cross ?
If there were other ways to salvation , then Jesus could have come down to earth , pointed out a bunch of other ways to get to heaven , and then could have gone back up to heaven without having to deal with the cross .
But the reality is that there was no other way for our sins to be paid for .
And yet these new surveys reveal that a majority of American Christians now believe that there are plenty of other ways to get to heaven .
The Pew survey referenced above also revealed that 45 % of Americans say that they seldom or never read their religion ’s holy books .
Perhaps if more American Christians were actually reading the Bible they would know what is truth and what is error .
Instead , American Christians have surrounded themselves with preachers and self - help coaches and “ feel - good ” ministers who tell them what they want to hear , who always make them feel comfortable and who never , ever tell them about sin , holiness or the judgment of God .
The current situation in the churches of America reminds us of 2 Timothy 4:3 …..
For the time will come when men will not put up with sound doctrine .
Instead , to suit their own desires , they will gather around them a great number of teachers to say what their itching ears want to hear .
The reality is that past generations of America faithfully filled up churches across the nation that were preaching the Word of God , but today the vast majority of Americans stay home from church each week , and many of the churches that are still drawing crowds are watering down their messages as much as they can in a desperate attempt to hold on to the people who are still there .
Dave Olson , the director of church planting for the Evangelical Covenant Church , has done some really interesting research into the church attendance patterns of Americans .
Olson ’s research found that the percentage of Americans that regularly attend church is only 18.7 % .
In addition , his research shows that if current trends continue , the percentage of the U.S. population that attends church each week in 2050 will be about half of what it is today .
All of these polls and surveys tell us the same thing :
Christianity in America is in a serious state of decline – especially among young people .
Many Christian leaders who read this article will try to deny it or will try to make excuses .
But all of these polls are not lying .
The truth is that we need to examine ourselves .
Is God moving where you worship ?
Do our churches look like the authentic Christian movement that we read about in the book of Acts ?
Are our lives significantly different from what we see in the world ?
Are our services lifeless , joyless exercises in futility ?
Do we truly have great love for one another and a passion to reach people with the gospel of Jesus Christ ?
If we want any chance to win back the next generation , then we are going to have to get back to the real thing .
If you do not have “ the real thing ” in your church , then it is time to start asking yourself some really hard questions .
US House to debate Ron Paul ’s ‘ Audit the Fed ’ bill
You come seeking enlightenment .
It is okay , my son .
First you must let go of your feelings of others and your sense of ownership .
So must you .
( Notice of eviction ) .
Malma Co. now owns this mountain .
You have 24 hours to move .
Today 's guest toon is by the incongruous KC Green
We write about products and services that we use .
This page may contain affiliate links for which we receive a commission .
Chelsea Green ( THE publisher of all books eco- friendly ) and Your Daily Thread ( LA ’s guide to having FUN living green ) have teamed up to help you go Meatless in May .
Why would you want to cut meat out of your diet , even if just for a month ?
Chelsea Green says :
“ Cutting meat out of your diet entirely saves 5,000 lbs of carbon emissions per year .
By cutting meat out of your diet for just the month of May , you ’ll be cutting 420 lbs. of CO2 out of your carbon footprint . ”
Wondering how eating meat produces so much CO2 and other greenhouse gases ?
Check out the short video ( below ) from the girls behind Your Daily Thread for an easy explanation .
The girls at Your Daily Thread have a running “ beef with meat . ”
As for me , I ’m about 75 % vegetarian .
My wife is a lacto - ovo vegetarian , so by default I eat lots of vegetarian meals — and love them .
But being a personal fitness trainer , I also know I need at least 1 gram of protein per pound of body weight every day to promote and sustain lean muscle growth .
It ’s hard enough to get a “ gram per pound , ” as we refer to it , but to get it without meat is even harder .
Not to mention I take issue with the dangers of soy protein .
What does that mean ?
It means that chicken and fish are also a large part of my diet .
Will this video by YDT co-founders Tracy Helper and Lauren Johanson change my mind ?
Will it change your mind ?
If that ’s NOT enough to make us take the 1 month challenge , check out 3 of Chelsea Green ’s “ truth bombs ” on the subject :
Livestock production accounts for 18 % of global greenhouse gas emissions — more than all the world ’s cars combined
It takes 40 calories of energy to produce one calorie of beef .
Walking uses more fossil fuel than driving — if you get your calories from red meat .
Wow !
Number 3 really got my attention .
Which one got yours ?
If you want to take the pledge and go meatless in May , head on over to the Meatless in May Facebook fan page .
There you ’ll find helpful info , links , videos , pictures , and much more .
Will you be taking the pledge ?
Share Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
A new study has claimed that a remarkable 41 per cent of all software installations on PC last year were based on illegally pirated copies – a figure which amounts to a market value of $ 53bn .
The global piracy rate in 2007 was pegged at 38 per cent , but successes in territories such as China and Russia do n’t seem to have eased the problem , Reuters reports .
The US is named as the best - behaved nation , with piracy rates of just 20 per cent whilst prime offender China saw a welcomed reduction , with illegal installations falling to 80 per cent – a reduction of ten per cent .
There was also a five per cent drop in Russia .
Countries with piracy rates above 90 per cent include Georgia , Bangladesh , Armenia , Zimbabwe , Sri Lanka , Azerbaijan and Moldova .
Despite the growing problem , the global PC software market still grew in 2008 , reaching $ 88bn .
In a charming frame made of high snowy peaks and stone lanterns , while he takes a refreshing bath in the moonlight , the Karma Kula comes back in action against the endless legion of his antagonists holding his sword and performing high athletic moves .
In Finally a chance to relax , the fifth episode of the live action series from the Ninjai Gang , our hero quits the hallucinated atmosphere of the previous installment and the show once again offers prevalently martial contents to the viewer .
The new episode is shorter than the previous ones , with concentrated form and story and is structured in an intro with a prayer and spiritual echoes and a predictable conclusion in which the bath smoky waters dye of the blood of the murderous ninjas come to bother the Karma Kula .
Scenography is simple but effective , with that overall atmosphere of peace and intimacy destined to be violated by the incoming carnage .
After the short prayer in the beginning the bathouse turns into a tense combat scene , the black shadows of the faceless foes emerge from water and Karma Kula shows once again proof of the incredible quality of choreographies elaborated by the Ninjai Gang and performed by Bellord siblings .
Direction is appreciable and so are the slow - motion moments , put in to highlight the performers skills and to give fight an epic touch .
The contrast between the hero ’s spirituality and his bloodthirsty rage during the combat gives a strong and well - recognizable sign to the whole series , a sign that is marvelously highlighted by a soundtrack that unmistakably reminds me the work Stuart Chatwood made for the video game Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time ( one of the few OST that made me pay to purchase the original CD ) .
Waiting for the 8th of August , the day when the Karma Kula should resume the journey toward his ( final ? ) destination there is a comment I have to make : it ’s ok to have a calm nature and a mind where there is no room for uncertainty , still I ca n’t help but think that taking a bath with floating corpses chunks and waters dirtied by so much blood is a disgusting thing to do .
Even for a Karma Kula 😀
Similar posts :
What 's 239 feet long , flies at 647 mph , and has three floors that include a grand staircase , four giant full suites , boardroom with hologram projector , a full spa , concert hall , car garage , and a space - age lift that drops onto the runway ?
Advertisement
Apparently , it may be Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal bin Abdulaziz Al - Saud 's new specially retro-fitted A380 .
As you may remember , the arabian Prince shone his genie lamp and bought an Airbus A380 — the biggest passenger plane in the world — for his personal use .
Advertisement
British company Design Q is now making the plans for its interior , three floors with every luxurious detail you can imagine , including a lift that goes all the way down to the runway 's tarmac and extends a red carpet so guests can get into the flying palace .
I can already imagine a stunning hostess saying " Welcome , Mr Bond . "
In addition to all of the above , the full marble Turkish bath in the spa , and twenty first class seats / beds for the extra guests , the plane will be full of high tech gadgets .
The boardroom , for example , will have a hologram projector and a giant touchscreen perspex table , while each suite will include a virtual prayer mat proyector , always pointing in Mecca 's direction .
Whoever bought it , I hope he invites us for a trip .
And with " us " I mean " me . "
I can sleep on the couch , Mr Prince Sir you .
[ Daily Mail ]
Anyone who grew up on The Cat In The Hat and Green Eggs and Ham remembers the illustrations of one Mr. Theodor Geisel , aka Dr. Seuss .
Trees with elongated trucks or with improbable collections of limbs .
Stark and scraggly landscapes with oddly balanced rocks and unlikely geometric shapes .
Architecture with unusual protrusions and awkward angles where no two windows exactly the same .
These were some of the hallmarks of the world Dr. Seuss illustrated in his 60 children ’s books .
Here ’s a look at some places on Planet Earth — places you can visit on your next vacation — that resemble scenes from a Dr. Seuss illustration .
So , in the words of the doctor himself . . .
… be your name Buxbaum or Bixby or Bray
or Mordecai Ali Van Allen O’Shea ,
you ’re off to Great Places !
Today is your day !
Your mountain is waiting .
So …get on your way !
Trees
Socotra Island , Yemen
If Yemen conjures any images in your imagination they probably are n’t scenes of amazing beaches or abundant biodiversity .
Yet that ’s exactly what you ’ll find on the Yemeni island of Socotra , one of four members of an archipelago of the same name 400 km ( 250 miles ) off the Arabian Peninsula .
Socotra has been a world unto itself for more than 300 million years .
Even back then , when the continents were joined together in a single landmass , Socotra was still an island .
As a result Socotra today has more than 800 plant and 700 animal species found nowhere else on earth — only Hawaii and the Galapagos Islands have more .
The most striking of the species native to Socotra is the dragon ’s blood tree and it ’s distinct umbrella shaped top .
Also very Seussian in appearant is the Socotra vulture , which looks a little like the Lorax ( see the photo above ) .
Travel to Socotra became a lot easier in 1999 with the completion of a year - round airport .
Since then the island has received a steady trickle of tourists .
If you visit bring plenty of sunscreen but do n’t bother with a phrasebook — Soqotri , the language spoken by the Socotra ’s 50,000 inhabitants , is unwritten .
GUIDEBOOKS |
Related posts :
5 Amazing Towns on Perilous Cliff Sides
Walk Along The Giant ’s Causeway
Angel Oak Park , Charleston , South Carolina USA
Question :
What ’s the oldest living or man-made object in the United States east of the Rocky Mountains ?
Answer :
The namesake tree in Angel Oak Park on Johns Island near Charleston , South Carolina .
The 1,500 + year old tree is 65 feet ( 20 meters ) tall and over 25 feet ( 7.5 meters ) around .
The amazing collections of limbs protruding from the tree look like something directly out of a Dr. Seuss book .
Taken together these limbs provide shade over a 17,000 square foot ( 1,500 sq m ) area , or an area larger than three tennis courts !
The Angel Oak Park is open from 9 am to 5 pm daily .
Check out the park ’s website for more photos and info .
Where To Stay : Planters
Inn for grand southern charm or the cool Not So Hostel for a cheap sleep .
LEARN MORE | READ | JOIN US ON TWITTER / FACEBOOK |
Related posts :
Ko Kood : The Best Thailand Island For Tropical Forests
The World ’s Only Pub That ’s Inside A Tree
Landscapes
Salar de Uyuni , Bolivia
The Salar de Uyuni , in southwestern Bolivia , is easily world ’s largest salt flat — the perfect places for a North - Going Zax to meet his South - Going counterpart ( watch video here ) .
The region around Uyuni also provides one of the most surreal landscapes on the planet .
When the flats are wet the Salar de Uyuni acts as the world ’s largest mirror .
On the edges of the flats are Seussian - shaped cacti and rock formations .
In prehistoric times the Salar de Uyuni was a massive brackish lake .
When the lake dried up 40,000 years ago it left an estimated 10 billion tons (! ) of salt behind .
Thousands of tons of these salts are extracted for sale every year .
In one step of the harvesting process the salt is piled into conical piles ( see photo , below ) that themselves look like something from a Dr. Seuss book .
The uses for the Salar de Uyuni region is today as surreal as its landscape .
In addition to tourism and salt mining the area is a prime breeding ground for South American flamingos and is used by orbiting satellites to calibrate their remote sensing instruments .
Where to stay : Hotel de Sal Playa .
The Salt Hotel !
The walls , floor and even the furniture of this 15 - bedroom establishment are constructed entirely of salt .
( Photo to the right ) .
The hotel also has a comfortable lounge , bar and restaurant .
Need a litting seasoning on your dinner ?
Just chip a bit off of your table .
Guests are , however , asked to refrain from licking the hotel ’s walls .
FIND BOLIVIA TRAVEL SPECIALISTS ( free ) | READ |
Related post:s
Dive Into Jellyfish In Palau
Weird Items ( Really ! )
Sold on Amazon.com
Arches National Park , Utah USA
We do n’t know for certain if Dr. Seuss ever visited Arches National Park .
But looking at his illustrations we have to imagine that he at least saw photos of this section of Utah where the rock contorts into arches , dramatic cliff edges and long narrow pathways above the ground .
The park has over 2,000 sandstone arches along with a variety of oddly balanced rocks and a few cliff top caves of the sort where the Grinch might live .
Visit in the fall or spring when the weather is most pleasant for hiking .
Where to stay : Moab , UT has a mostly unimpressive collection of cheap chain hotels .
The Sorrel River Ranch Resort is by far the most scenic option .
Stay there or in one of the town ’s three B&Bs .
LEARN MORE | FIND UTAH TRAVEL SPECIALISTS ( free ) | READ |
Related posts :
7 Amazing Circular Geological Oddities
Lose Weight While Traveling : Three Fun & Cool Trips
Architecture
Hang Nga Guesthouse , Dalat , Vietnam
Who would have thought that the world ’s most Dr. Seuss - like hotel would be in Vietnam ?
Or that there would be two short degrees of separation between this hotel and the Communist revolutionary leader Ho Chi Minh ?
Yet the Hang Nga Guesthouse in the south - central Vietnamese city of Dalat , looks exactly like the sort of place you would expect to find the Cat In The Hat .
This hotel , built by the daughter of a former President of Vietnam and Ho Chi Minh confidant , is so quirky that locals have come to refer to it as “ the crazy house . ”
On the Hang Nga grounds visitors can lounge in cave sitting rooms next to giant spider webs made of wire .
And that giant concrete giraffe ?
That ’s the hotel ’s tea room .
Finding your hotel room is an adventure at Hang Nga .
The accommodations are scattered among various buildings , some connected by rickety bridges .
In each building are a maze of rounded hallways and stairways with no steps of the same size .
Once — or , rather , if — you locate your room may find your bed in a mini-cave or a private reading desk up a ladder in a nook ; there might or might not be mirrors on the ceiling , a staircase made of tree stumps or large paper mache ants crawling the walls .
Room rates range from about $ 30 to $ 70 — it is worth paying for the more expensive rooms .
You can also tour around Hang Nga during the day for a mere $ 0.50 .
The hotel grounds are a popular tourist attraction with foreigners and Vietnamese alike .
Note :
There are many hotels around Dalat ( and Vietnam in general ) named Hang Nga .
In Dalat make sure you ask for “ the crazy house . ”
BOOK A VIETNAM TOUR | READ | JOIN US ON TWITTER / FACEBOOK |
Related posts :
The Cave Hotels of Cappadocia , Turkey
5 Cool , Luxurious ( and Inexpensive ) Hostels
Treehouses at the Green Magic Resort , Kerala , India
Spot Cool Stuff loves a good treehouse hotel .
And if that treehouse hotel looks like it could be designed by Dr. Seuss then , well , what could be better ?
Scattered around the jungles of Kerala , a state in the south of India , are several such Seussian treehouses .
One of our favorites is the Green Magic Resort .
There the treehouse abodes are truly high up in the canopy .
One of the treehouses is 27 meters ( 90 feet ) above the ground and accessible only by a rope bridge .
Another is 30 meters high — to get there guests must be hoisted up in a wooden pod ( see photo , below ) !
Those with vertigo may want to stick to one of the treehouses accessible by a narrow wooden staircase that wraps around the trunk of the tree .
Green Magic is a true eco-resort .
Each treehouse was constructed by Paniya tribesmen entirely with local materials , using indigenous building techniques .
All of the resort ’s electricity is produced on - site through alternative means .
At a nightly rate ranging from $ 120 to $ 240 , the Green Magic is among the world ’s most expensive resorts not to offer hot showers .
But then staying clean is a secondary consideration when staying at a treehouse hotel this wonderful .
LEARN MORE & BOOK | FIND INDIA TRAVEL SPECIALISTS ( free ) | READ |
Related post :
The World ’s Only Pub That ’s Inside A Tree
Unusual Architecture : The World ’s Tallest Wooden Skyscraper
The Ksars of Tunisia
Scattered around the rural areas of Tunisia — which is to say , around most of Tunisia — travelers will find ksars , local Berber villages .
The berbers are an ethnic group , 40 million strong , spread across the north of the African continent from Egypt to Morocco .
Their ancient building methods are still very much in use today .
Berber construction methods involve the molding of sand and rock ; nails and planks are almost never used .
The resulting architecture looks like a cross between the casaba in Star Wars and a Dr. Seuss house .
For an example of a construction at the casaba end of the Berber architectural spectrum check out our review of the Adrere Amellal in Egypt .
But for the Dr. Seuss side of Berber building there ’s no place better than Tunisia .
Many of the berber houses here have the same rounded - top windows and arches on the exterior of a building ( see photo below ) used in many of Seuss ’s illustrations .
Zeraoua is one of our favorite ksars .
To explore around , however , it helps greatly to connect with a local travel expert .
LEARN MORE | CONNECT WITH TUNISIA TRAVEL SPECIALISTS ( free ) | READ |
Related post : Adrere Amellal : The Planet ’s Single Coolest Eco-Resort
Casa Batlló , Barcelona , Spain
Sam I
Am would not like his green eggs and ham eating slow , or with his toe , or ordered to - go .
But he might like them at Casa Batlló .
This building is one of several around Barcelona designed by Antoni Gaudí .
Like Dr. Seuss , Gaudí almost never used straight lines in his constructions .
The Casa Batlló is , arguably , his most Seussian work .
( Although , to be fair , it should be pointed out that the Casa Batlló was completed in 1877 , exactly 50 years before Seuss published his first book ) .
There ’s something about this building that feels organic ; to walk around inside it is to feel like one ’s walking around the innards of some living creature .
Indeed , locals refer to this building as the casa dels ossos ( the house of bones ) .
Today the Casa Batlló is a popular museum .
If you visit save yourself some time standing in line and order your tickets online through the museum ’s website .
Where To Stay : The Grand Hotel Central is a superb central hotel ( with a cool rooftop pool ) .
Among the less expensive options we like the Barcelona Dream — or click here for other options .
LEARN MORE | SPAIN GUIDEBOOKS |
Related posts :
Cool Architecture
8 Odd Items You Can Buy on Amazon
Finally , A Few Seuss - Themed Sites . . .
Dr. Seuss National Memorial Sculpture Garden , Springfield , Mass
Located in Seuss ’s hometown , the Seuss National Memorial Sculpture Garden has bronze versions of several popular Seuss characters including a 14 - foot ( 4 - meter ) tall Horton the Elephant .
The sculpture garden is small but Seuss fans traveling in Western Massachusetts will likely find it a nice little stop .
LEARN MORE | JOIN US ON TWITTER / FACEBOOK | READ |
Seuss Landing , Orlando , Florida
At Universal Orlando ’s Islands of Adventure , Dr. Seuss has inspired a theme park within a theme park .
Seuss Landing is clearly , and understandably , geared towards younger kids ( 3~7 year olds ) .
But even stodgy adults can enjoy the Seussian water slide .
And conniseurs of the surreal can appreciate the Caro - Seuss -el .
Note :
The “ wacky ” music played on an endlessly repeating loop through Seuss Landing will eventually cause even the most gentle - tempered adults to punch The Cat In The Hat square in the mouth — please time the length of your stay accordingly .
Where to stay : Why the Dr. Seuss Suite at the Loews Portofino Bay Hotel of course !
The suite ( photo below ) has both a kids bedroom and an adult one , each with their own flatscreen TVs and yellow and orange Seuss - themed furniture .
All guests at the Portofino Bay Hotel — as well as the Hard Rock Orlando and the Loews Royal Pacific Resort — get access to Islands of Adventure an hour before the general public plus complimentary access to the express lines .
That alone makes it well worth choosing one of those three properties .
LEARN MORE | READ | JOIN US ON TWITTER / FACEBOOK |
updated : 15 Sept 2010
BUY DR .
SEUSS BOOKS | BOOK A VACATION | FOLLOW US ON TWITTER
The band MGMT give Mark Twain more credit than he 's due .
Beyond Good and Evil
The Watchmen
Here 's their video :
At the beginning of the MGMT video for the song " Kids " the viewer is met with a quote by Mark Twain : " Battle not with monsters lest ye become a monster ; and if you gaze into the abyss the abyss gazes into you .
- Mark Twain" Great quote .
The only problem is that Mark Twain never said it .
It was actually by the philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche .
The quote above is a rough translation ( some vary ) from .
It also made an appearance in the popular graphic novel , , and thereby after ended up on millions of internet blogs , forums and casual pseudo - philosophical discussions .
And this is where I 'd presume MGMT got the quote from ;
Anywhere but from Nietzsche 's works .
Therefore , MGMT should read more books if they wish to quote great books correctly .
I know the song " Kids " has been out for awhile , and I had it in my playlist for quite a long time .
But today was the first time I saw the video and I could n't believe the error went largely unnoticed ( after searching the internet for an explanation ) .
How has this managed to fly under the radar of the camera men , studio , director , manager , band , and fans ?
Did MGMT purposely credit Mark Twain with a Nietzsche quote ?
I do n't get why they would , since it does n't make sense in context of the video .
It seems more likely that they simply threw in a witty quote to add to the depth of their video and messed up .
If I 'm wrong and they purposely mis-credited the quote then please let me know in the comments .
Shelley Powers recently made a good faith effort to create a Formal Objection ; however , to date I have not found a way to treat it as such .
The concern is certainly valid , but we need to find a process for dealing with the issue , and this post is a part of the process for determining the process .
The concern is that Ian made a decision to remove two subsections in his draft HTML5 spec in which codecs would have been required and that such a decision was widely viewed as a decision by the W3C .
It was not , in fact , a decision by the W3C , and as such it is not a subject to a Formal Objection .
But I ca n’t escape the fact that the perception exists , and is widely held .
Before proceeding , I wish to compliment Ian for making a decision .
This is not a topic with obvious answers .
On one hand , I believe that marketplace should sort out the codecs situation .
On the other hand I do not believe that the current draft contains enough information by itself to ensure interop .
Ian also took the opportunity to provide some insight into his decision making process .
In doing so , he created an impression that Apple had exercised a unilateral veto .
I believe that such an impression is unfortunate , counter - productive , and not in line with my understanding of either W3C or WHATWG processes .
In particular , I actually believe that the accepted goal of the WHATWG was two complete and bug - free implementations in 2022 .
I do not believe that Apple ’s participation is required to meet that goal .
In particular , I believe that there are at least three implementations today which could form the basis for meeting that goal , with required codecs , namely the browsers produced by Mozilla , Google , and Opera .
Nor do I believe that Ian has talked to anybody who can say with absolute certainty what Apple will or will not support by 2022 , as I do n’t believe that such a person exists .
That still leaves the matter of the public impression .
I will start by saying that I feel no compelling need to correct the impression at this time .
I believe that the correct way to address the mis-impression that the W3C Working Group has made a decision is to actually make a Working Group decision .
Meanwhile , I am posting this publicly , both on my blog and on public - html .
I harbor no illusion that it will be sufficient to correct the misunderstanding .
If anybody feels so inclined , feel free to refer people to this .
For the Working Group to make a decision , we need something concrete to express an opinion on .
Which means that we need some text , be it some sort of resolution or ( my personal preference ) some concrete spec text .
My reasons for preferring the latter is that spec text is both more durable and less ambiguous than resolutions .
I ’m particularly skeptical about resolutions that take the form of “ I think that somebody ( other than me ) should do the following ” in general , and “ make the editor do this ( against his better judgment ) ” in particular .
At the present time , we ( nominally ) have two editors .
This has been a continuing source of controversy , but overall has served us well , at least to get us to this point .
It may , however , very well be the case that this is not the model that will get us to Last Call and beyond .
We now seem to have at least three individuals who have made significant efforts to work within this system , and now feel that producing a document themselves may be a more productive use of their time :
So , ultimately , we may end up this month with four separate specifications .
If this comes to pass , we may need to adopt naming conventions like the IETF ’s : draft - author - docname .
If we do so , I am fully confident that the W3C has the technical chops necessary to make this a smooth transition via HTTP redirects .
It is also my experience that such a situation wo n’t last long .
Some efforts may merge , some may lose interest , and some may never make to the point where they have a first draft ready for consideration .
In fact , we could end up determining that a benevolent dictator is the worst form of government except for all those others that have been tried ( with apologies to Sir Winston Churchill ) .
If , when we get to the point where we are ready to go to Last Call , a number of competing proposals still remain , then we will have a vote .
I fully recognize that a number of people would prefer technical superiority to win out over what they view as mere popularity contests , and these people are certainly encouraged to cast their vote in this manner .
I will simply note that it is quite possible for two intelligent individuals with similar backgrounds and experience can come to different conclusions when presented with the same data .
And we can all name standards that are “ technically superior ” that few follow .
I , for one , would rather take part in the creation of a standard worthy of loving parody by the likes of Clay Shirky than to produce another such standard .
Returning to Shelley ’s objection ( even though it may not be end up being recognized as being a Formal one ) , I beg her indulgence as I would like to see how these various efforts play out in the upcoming weeks .
Should one or more succeed and / or Ian changes his position , I would hope that she would consider voluntarily withdrawing her objection at that time .
Meanwhile I ’ve reopened issue 7 : video- codecs and opened issue 75 : microsoft - review .
I ’ll be looking for owners for those two issues .
Related reading : authority , access , policy , support .
The strong showing in the EU elections by Sweden ’s Pirate Party
is the outcome of yet another Pyhrric victory for the strong IP movement , which succeeded , a couple of months ago in securing prison sentences for the Swedish operators of filesharing site Pirate Bay .
This galvanised about 7 per cent of Swedish voters into supporting the Pirate Party , which reflects the typical feelings of Internet users : hostile to intrusive and aggressive IP , concerned about privacy for individuals and households , in favour of transparency for corporations and governments .
These feelings are , of course , diametrically opposed to those of the elite groups that have historically driven policy on these issues .
In the light of this public reaction , and the absence of any corresponding electoral support for the IP lobby , governments everywhere will think twice before endorsing criminal prosecution of IP violators .
Belatedly , the IP lobby is waking up .
Robert Wexler , the Co-Chair of the US Congressional Intellectual Property Promotion and Piracy Prevention Caucus has issued a call to arms .
Wexler makes the statement , usual in cases like this , that his lobby needs to a better job in communicating the message .
But , also as usual in cases like this , the real problem is the message itself , exemplified by his reported view that ‘ Government and private sector efforts to make IP theft taboo have fallen short ’ .
The problem here is that no one outside the IP lobby , not even those who strongly support copyright and patents , believes that these things are property that can be stolen .
There is , I think , quite a bit of public sympathy for the view that the creative workers deserve a fair return for their efforts , and that social institutions should help to ensure that they receive it .
There is essentially none for the inane suggestion that copying a video is similar to stealing a car .
I suspect that IP is doomed , given the steadily increasing ease of copying , the spread of free or open - source material and the reaction against the heavy - handed tactics used so far .
But if the IP lobby wants to try to save something from the wreck , they would be well advised to put forward more moderate claims , supported by more credible arguments .
Trying to massage the existing message wo n’t cut it .
GENEVA ( Reuters ) - Many African countries are rapidly running down their natural resources as growing populations push the continent towards its ecological limits , the conservation organization WWF said on Monday .
A Senegalese fisherman sets off for home after unloading the day's catch at the Soumbedioune fish market in the capital Dakar in this file photo from November 30 , 2005 .
Many African countries are rapidly running down their natural resources as growing populations push the continent towards its ecological limits , the conservation organization WWF said on Monday .
REUTERS / Claire Soares
The warning was issued in its first - ever detailed report on Africa ’s ecological footprint -- an estimate of the area of a country or region ’s land and sea surface used annually in meeting the individual consumption demands of its people .
“ A growing number of African countries are depleting their natural resources -- or will shortly be doing so -- faster than they can be replaced , ” said WWF President , Chief Emeka Anyaoku , in presenting the findings to a Johannesburg conference .
The report put Egypt , Libya and Algeria at the head of a list of nations of the continent already living well beyond their ecological means .
But nine others were also using up their bio-capacity -- Morocco , Tunisia , Ethiopia , Kenya , Uganda , Senegal , Nigeria , South Africa and Zimbabwe .
The Swiss - based WWF , previously known as the World Wide Fund for Nature but now identified only by the initials and its panda logo , issued the report , “ Africa - Ecological Footprint and Human Well - being ” together with a U.S. - based research body , the Global Footprint Network .
It said that despite over - consumption of resources in some countries , Africa ’s overall ecological footprint at 1.1 hectares of land and sea -- still behind the continent ’s total biocapacity of 1.3 hectares per head of population .
And the African figures are still well below the global average footprint of 2.2 hectares per person which , with 1.8 hectares available , is running at a rate suggesting humanity will need two planets by 2050 .
But the big danger for the continent is that its current population of some 680 million is growing rapidly and is predicted to double , meaning Africa will account for nearly a quarter of the world ’s people by 2050 .
Although development is vital for Africans , at the lower end of the United Nations ’ human welfare index , they have to “ work with , rather than against , ecological budget constraints , ” said Global Footprint Network director Mathis Wackernagel .
“ Development that ignores the limits of our natural resources ultimately ends up imposing disproportionate costs on the most vulnerable and the most dependent on the health of natural systems , such as the rural poor , ” he added .
*
John DeLorean founded the DeLorean Motor Co. in 1974 , and a stainless steel - clad , two - seater sports coupe prototype was completed by 1976 .
Styling came from famed Italian designer Giorgetto Giugiaro , with extensive engineering input from Lotus of England .
The car had a rear - mounted Peugeot - Renault - Volvo single - overhead - cam , 2.8 - litre V6 , a steel backbone frame and gull - wing doors .
*
*
*
*
A
John DeLorean never cared to fit the mold of a typical Detroit auto executive .
He was a young , free - spirited maverick that revolutionized the auto industry as the major force behind America ’s first muscle car– the Pontiac GTO .
He was thought of as a hippie by his older peers for his longish , shaggy hair , and rebellious attitude .
But what they did n’t understand was that DeLorean had his finger on the pulse of youth and trend in a way that no one else did .
He had an uncanny ability to tap into the music , events and attitudes of the time and mine it for nuggets that translated to top - line success .
As the young DeLorean ’s star rose , he supposedly walked away from his $ 650,000 salary at GM and decided to go it on his own .
DeLorean also became overly enamored with himself , the party scene and chasing women .
He was soon rubbing shoulders with Hollywood celebrities like fellow auto enthusiasts Steve McQueen and James Garner .
Johnny Carson and Sammy Davis Jr. later became investors in his new upstart– DeLorean Motor Company .
Quite the accomplished playboy as well , he was romantically linked to beauties –
Raquel Welch , Ursula Andress , Candice Bergen , Nancy Sinatra , Kelly Harmon and Cristina Ferrare .
DeLorean seemed to have it all – but he was headed for a major crash .
Production and deep financial troubles at DeLorean Motor Company , not to mention the resulting money laundering and drug charges , brought it all to a shameful end before the visionary could realize his ultimate dream .
A
A
A
A
From The Washington Post–
Mr. DeLorean , the son of an autoworker , reached the executive ranks of General Motors Corp. with an astonishing series of successes that revolutionized the industry .
He attributed his rise largely to an acute cultural awareness missing in the older executives he saw around him , men he once described as “ sitting behind a desk , wearing a pair of those old high - top leather shoes and packing a big wad of cigars ” in their shirt pockets .
His winning formula was strikingly simple and hip : Listen to rock and roll radio .
From there , he said , one could gauge what young buyers wanted , what trends would develop .
“ It ’s the cheapest education you could get , ” he once said .
He won acclaim by introducing sports - car sexiness to conservative Pontiac with his GTO muscle car in the 1960s .
He also brought Pontiac its first compact vehicle , predicting a trend to more fuel - efficient models .
Ceaselessly inventive , he was credited with creating the overhead - cam engine , concealed windshield wipers , the lane - change turn signal , vertically stacked headlights , racing stripes and an emphasis on cockpitlike driver consoles .
He said he had more than 200 patents .
A
A
A
A
Mr. DeLorean conveyed a manic , restless energy at GM , where he was viewed as Chevrolet ’s savior after a period of extensive decline for that brand .
But his rise never seemed to satisfy him , and instead he felt more constricted by bosses who he said were out to get him and deliberately stymied his plans to improve cars and increase sales .
If GM ’s sales were below 50 percent of total U.S. car sales , he said , the federal government would not have any incentive to dismantle the company .
With his overconfident , often dazzling demeanor and a string of innovations behind him , he widely had been expected to take over GM .
Instead , he left to form his own , eponymous company with the hope of creating an economical , “ ethical ” sports car .
The British government gave nearly 100 million pounds to the business , hoping that Mr. DeLorean ’s plan to employ 2,000 workers near Belfast in Northern Ireland would cause support to dwindle for the Irish Republican Army .
A
A
A
A
Mr. DeLorean ’s dream was crusted with problems with the start , from undercapitalization to mechanical flaws in the car ’s design .
It took seven years to create the DeLorean DMC - 12 , a sleek sports car with a stainless - steel body , gull - winged doors and a rear - mounted , V - 6 fuel - injected engine .
The cost overruns raised the sticker price to more than $ 25,000 , well beyond the reach of most car - buyers in 1981 .
The British government , under Conservative Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , demanded that Mr. DeLorean raise more money to keep the project solvent .
When he was unable to meet the price of business , the plant closed in late 1982 , having produced about 9,000 cars .
Embittered , Mr. DeLorean went after the Thatcher government with the gusto with which he previously attacked GM .
Business had been flourishing , he wrote on his résumé , but , “ The UK government closed [ the plants ] because the Catholic employees were said to be tithing to the IRA . ”
His troubles only grew .
Returning to the United States , he became embroiled in a drug sting operation and was arrested in a Los Angeles hotel room in October 1982 .
He faced more than 60 years in prison .
A
A
A
A
Law enforcement officials said he intended to sell $ 24 million of cocaine to prop up his flailing auto business .
To them , the case was clear - cut , complete with an FBI surveillance tape of Mr. DeLorean accepting a suitcase containing 55 pounds of cocaine and telling an undercover agent that “ it ’s better than gold . ”
A series of maneuvers by Mr. DeLorean ’s legal defense team discredited the star witness , a convicted drug dealer turned government informer .
Their main argument was entrapment by the government .
Mr. DeLorean was acquitted on all drug charges and beat a later indictment on charges of defrauding investors in his company .
“ We did n’t need our extensive defense plan , ” he later wrote in his 1985 memoir , “ DeLorean , ” by which point he said he was a born - again Christian .
“ My enemies had destroyed themselves in their effort to be my undoing .
I must admit I identified with King David when he wrote the third Psalm : ‘ O Lord , how many are my foes !
How many rise up against me !’ “
A
A
A
A
John Z. DeLorean , 80 , the brilliant but troubled automaker who arguably was as flamboyant as his car designs , died March 19 , 2005 at a hospital in Summit , N.J. , after a stroke .
The Delorean DM - 12 ( DMC - 12 ) still lives on and enjoys a cult - like status .
You can order a “ new ” Delorean from DMC that is assembled from a large surplus of parts that still existed when the original DeLorean Motor Company in Ireland folded .
Click here for info .
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Some of the biggest names in rock have banded together to form a new supergroup .
They call it Chickenfoot , a name they readily admit is “ silly . ”
Chickenfoot band members ( L - R ) Chad Smith , Joe Satriani , Sammy Hagar and Michael Anthony pose for photographs at the Metrapolitan hotel in London June 25 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Nigel Roddis
While the name may not be to everyone ’s taste , Van Halen veterans Sammy Hagar and Michael Anthony , Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer Chad Smith and virtuoso guitarist Joe Satriani rose high in the U.S. charts with their eponymous debut album this month .
“ We called ourselves Chickenfoot as a kind of a joke , and people started digging it , and so Chad ’s going , ‘ Let ’s start a real band ’ , ” Hagar said during a boisterous interview with the band in London , where they performed during a European tour .
“ Joe had a band called the Squares -- all of a sudden Chickenfoot sounded like a really good name , ” Hagar joked .
Hagar and Anthony used to jam together at Hagar ’s club in Mexico , and when Smith joined them , they gelled .
Smith , who still plays for the Chili Peppers , suggested forming a group , and Satriani was invited as the final piece in the jigsaw .
The four members of Chickenfoot have sold tens of millions of records and played thousands of gigs between them over the years , but the childlike enthusiasm for their latest venture comes from starting all over again .
“ We ’re a new band , even though we ’ve got names , we ’ve all been in other bands , ” Hagar told Reuters .
“ So we have to kind of let the world know who Chickenfoot is , I think . ”
Bass player
Anthony added that he took exception to the term “ supergroup . ”
“ For me , when I hear the name supergroup I think of some pre-fab type of thing ...
If the chemistry is not there you can be the best musicians , best players there are , it ’s not going to come out the way I think this came out .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
“ This was born out of friendship , it was more organic in that sense . ”
The band has played a series of small gigs in the United States before flying to Europe for a tour , and returns to North America winding up its travels at the end of September .
“ We ’re a new band and when you ’re a new band you start and play clubs and you play to your fans , ” said Smith .
“ We ’re not playing stuff from Van Halen , or Joe , or Chili Peppers , we ’re just playing Chickenfoot . ”
CHART SUCCESS
Chickenfoot ’s debut album , released earlier in June , opened at No. 4 in the U.S. pop chart and No. 1 in the independent music chart .
It maintained its position in the main chart the following week before slipping to No. 7 in the latest list .
“ It ’s the first time I ’ve ever been up in that territory , above the clouds , ” said Satriani , who is embroiled in a copyright infringement suit with British band Coldplay over its hit single “ Viva La Vida . ”
According to band manager Mick Brigden , U.S. album sales totaled around 180,000 in the first three weeks , around one quarter of which were bought digitally , suggesting a younger , technology - savvie audience .
“ A lot of times , before a record comes out , there are projections about who your audience is and where you ’re going to see sales , so that was a great surprise because it means that we are appealing to truly a broad audience , ” said Smith .
The quartet confirmed that it planned to tour and record together again in the future , although Smith would have to juggle Chickenfoot and Chili Peppers commitments .
“ I am in this other group called the Red Hot Chili Peppers , great band , love ‘ em , nice bunch of fellas ’ , play some good music .
So I ’m going to go back and do that . ”
Editor 's note : John Feehery worked as a staffer for former House Speaker Dennis Hastert and other Republicans in Congress .
He is president of Feehery Group , a Washington - based advocacy firm that has represented clients including the News Corp. , Ford Motor Co. and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce .
He formerly was a government relations executive vice president for the Motion Picture Association of America .
John Feehery says Al Franken 's victory gives liberal Democrats a dominant position in Washington
( CNN ) --
The metric system is the kind of thing that you can expect from the 60 - vote filibuster - proof majority Democrats now have in the United States Senate .
After the Watergate scandal in 1974 , Democrats trounced Republicans in the mid-term elections , getting 61 seats in the Senate and 291 in the House .
In the Senate , they adjusted the rules to make it harder for Republicans to filibuster ( reducing the magic number from 67 to 60 to invoke cloture , which ends debate ) .
In the House , they passed all kinds of reforms to take power away from senior members and give it to junior members .
And Congress mandated that the American people embrace the metric system .
The metric system idea never really caught on , and although the pain of Watergate afflicted Republicans for another two elections , they eventually pulled themselves out of their deep hole , with some good ideas and a charismatic leader , who promised to restore America to greatness .
Democrats have once again reached the magic number of 60 , as Norm Coleman finally threw in the towel against the one - time joke writer for Saturday Night Live , Al Franken .
Republicans have little reason to laugh , though , as they look at their diminished ranks and wonder how they have put themselves in such a weakened position .
It was only four - and - a - half years ago that the GOP was on the top of the world , and some of their more smug strategists were confidently predicting a permanent Republican majority .
This is a good time for such self - reflection .
Republicans lost three top - notch senators in the last election -- Norm Coleman , Gordon Smith and John Sununu -- who lost not because they were bad senators , or because they had scandals , or because they had lost touch with constituents .
All three lost because they were Republicans .
In other words , the brand killed them .
And if you look at the latest polls , the GOP brand has n't gotten any better in the last six months .
In fact , according to Gallup , even 38 percent of Republicans have a negative view of the Republican Party .
But let 's not throw in the towel yet , my Republican friends .
Just as in the mid-1970s , when Democratic overreach led to a Republican resurgence , the house that Franken has built will inevitably collapse on its own leftward - self .
A new Gallup poll shows that the American people are starting to catch on that Democrats are pushing the country to a place that it does n't want to go .
The poll " finds a statistically significant increase since last year in the percentage of Americans who describe the Democratic Party 's views as being " too liberal , " from 39 percent to 46 percent .
This is the largest percentage saying so since November 1994 , after the party 's losses in that year 's midterm elections . "
It is no surprise that Americans would have that impression of Democrats in the White House and in Congress .
When they passed a so - called stimulus bill that Republicans branded as pork - filled , they lost their credibility on fiscal responsibility .
When the president assumed control over General Motors , dictated terms to Chrysler , and then refused to allow some banks to pay back their TARP loans , independent voters grew nervous about the government 's stepped - up intervention in the private sector .
And last week , when Democrats passed a climate change bill that Republicans insist will sharply raise energy prices for middle - class families , moderate Democrats started to jump ship .
In fact , 44 Democrats defied intense pressure from House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , and voted no .
Democrats are now making plans to intervene in the health care marketplace , with some liberals insisting on a government - run " public option " health insurer .
In any event , many wo n't be satisfied until the government basically sets prices for health insurance and prescription drugs .
The arrival of the man from Minnesota will make the Democrats move even more to the left .
He will not only be one more vote for the left , but one more loud voice for liberal policies .
Because of his celebrity status , he will attract media attention , and because of his philosophy , he will use that attention to move Democrats further left .
When Franken first started in politics , he did so as the liberal answer to Rush Limbaugh .
Imagine if Rush were the 60th vote for Republicans , with George Bush as president .
Now , think how Franken will act as the 60th vote for President Obama .
Yes , Democrats will move left by more than a few kilometers , but they will do so at their own peril .
Another poll showed that while 40 percent of Americans identify themselves as conservative , only 21 percent think of themselves as liberal .
The American people voted for change .
They did n't vote for a liberal orthodoxy that promises more government , higher taxes , slower growth , more pork and a liberal social agenda .
In 1975 , the newly dominant Democratic Congress sent President Gerald Ford a bill that declared that America was going to be metric , which he signed .
When Jimmy Carter became president two years later , he signed a law that told Americans that they could n't drive faster than 55 mph .
These measures made perfect sense to the liberal sensibilities of the time .
But they did n't make sense to the American people , and are symbols of a philosophy that was out of touch with the people in the 1970s and is still out of touch with the lives of most Americans today .
Most Americans still do n't use the metric system , and most certainly do n't stick to the 55 mile an hour speed limit on the highways of America .
And while they may still like Barack Obama and still laugh at jokes written by Al Franken , they will eventually grow weary of the newly dominant liberals who now run Washington .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Feehery .
All About Democratic Party • Al Franken • Republican Party
After leading police on a long chase near the same Slauson Cutoff made famous by Johnny Carson ( and jazz trombone virtuoso Bill Watrous ) , Richard Rodriguez was obviously going to jail .
At the end of a vehicular pursuit that endangered the lives and property of several people , Rodriguez — an accused street gang member — side - swiped a parked car before coming to a stop near a small cluster of buildings .
The driver bolted from the car and a brief foot chase began .
Surprisingly fleet and agile , Rodriguez sprinted a quarter - mile or so before cornering himself in a fenced backyard .
Taking a deep breath , and being familiar with the drill , Rodriguez flattened himself on the ground , arms outstretched , palms down , waiting for the police to arrive .
First on the scene , several seconds later , was George Fierro , a 15 - year veteran El Monte , California police officer who , seeing the prone and unresisting suspect flat on the ground , nonetheless hauled off and kicked him full in the face .
Another officer quickly joined Fierro , giving Rodriguez a couple of shots with what appeared to be a small club as the two cops handcuffed the suspect .
With Rodriguez in shackles , Fierro waddled over to a nearby K - 9 officer to indulge in a triumphant high - five .
The Best of William Norman Grigg
Chocolate - Mint Ice Cream
Ingredients
Method
2 Cups ( 500 ml ) Heavy Cream3 Tbsp ( 21 g ) Unsweetened Dutch - process Cocoa Powder5 oz ( 140 g ) Bittersweet or Semisweet Chocolate , chopped1 Cup ( 250 ml ) Whole Milk3/4 Cup ( 150 g ) SugarPinch Of Salt5 Large Egg Yolks 1/ 2 tsp Vanilla Extract2 Cups Peppermint Patties , crumbled or 150 g Mint Flavored Chocolate bar , chopped1/ 8 tsp Mint Oil or ExtractWarm 1 cup ( 250 ml ) of the cream .
Whisk in the cocoa powder thoroughly until the cocoa are well bended .
Bring the mixture to a boil , then reduce the heat and simmer at a very gentle heat for 30 seconds , whisking constantly .
Remove from the heat and add the chopped chocolate , stirring until smooth .
Then stir in the remaining 1 cup ( 250 ml ) cream .
Pour the mixture into a large bowl , scraping the saucepan as thoroughly as possible , and set a mesh strainer on top of the bowl .
Warm the milk , sugar , and salt in the same saucepan .
In a separate medium bowl , whisk together the egg yolks .
Slowly pour the warm milk into the egg yolks , whisking constantly , then scrape the warmed egg yolks back into the saucepan .
Stir the mixture constantly over medium heat with a heatproof spatula , scraping the bottom as you stir , until the mixture thickens and coats the spatula .
Pour the custard through the strainer and stir it into the chocolate mixture until smooth , then stir in the vanilla .
Stir until cool over an ice bath .
Then chill the mixture thoroughly in the refrigerator and freeze it in your ice cream maker
Iran ’s tense capital braced for the possibility of violence after supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei demanded Friday that protesters end their mass demonstrations against alleged vote - rigging and suggested that those who defied him would be responsible for the consequences .
Khamenei , who is Iran ’s highest spiritual and political leader , ordered protesters off the streets and rejected charges that President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad used fraud to win reelection last week .
But the opposition was unbowed , and called on its supporters to return to the streets today .
Plans for a march at Enghelab ( Revolution ) Square a day after Khamenei ’s forceful Friday sermon set the stage for a possible confrontation in the heart of the city .
“ The way of the law is open , ” Khamenei told tens of thousands of worshipers who gathered in downtown Tehran and countless others who listened on television and radio .
“ If people continue to take the other way , I will come back and speak more directly .
. . .
If they do not end it , then the consequences lie with them .
Advertisement
“ Nothing can be changed .
The presidential campaign is finished , ” he declared .
At the sermon ’s end , Khamenei began lamenting his physical condition and weeping , a gesture that signaled his displeasure and moved the throngs of dignitaries and Basiji militiamen gathered before him to weep in response .
Observers said Khamenei ’s gesture , similar to one he made during the height of 1999 student protests , was a call for loyalists to crack down on the demonstrators as a way of righting a wrong done to their patron .
The huge crowd flowed out of the Tehran University venue and into the main streets outside , roaring , “ Our vote is written in blood , and we gave it to the leader . ”
Ahmadinejad ’s main challenger , former Prime Minister Mir-Hossein Mousavi , must now decide between his allegiance to his followers or to Iran ’s unique Islamic system .
Advertisement
A sense of foreboding hung over the city .
Shortly after Khamenei spoke , black clouds gathered and unleashed a rare late spring thunderstorm .
And as darkness came , residents in many parts of the capital climbed to their rooftops and angrily shouted , “ God is great ! ” and “ Death to the dictator ! ” in what has become a nightly ritual of protest stemming from the widespread belief that the vote was rigged .
“ The presence of people in the streets will continue , and I do hope everything will be solved in the favor of . . . [ the ]
Iranian nation , ” said Elahe Koolai , a prominent reformist and Mousavi supporter .
A text message sent to the cellphones of some people called on them to join in the march today , expected to be attended by Mousavi , reformist former President Mohammad Khatami and Mehdi Karroubi , another presidential candidate .
Analysts were not surprised by Khamenei ’s tone , which defined further civil disobedience as a direct challenge to the Islamic Republic and its supreme leader , who under the constitution is held to be God ’s representative on Earth .
Advertisement
In his sermon , Khamenei criticized some of Ahmadinejad ’s conduct before the June 12 vote , and he condemned the killing of students by pro-government loyalists this week .
But he came down explicitly on the side of the hard - line incumbent .
He described Ahmadinejad as hard - working , and said the president ’s views were closer to his than those of other politicians .
Khamenei and Ahmadinejad draw support from the same sources , including Basiji militiamen and the Revolutionary Guard .
“ He cannot afford to sacrifice Ahmadinejad , ” said an analyst in Tehran , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
“ Over the last years Khamenei has teamed up with the Revolutionary Guard to build his power .
For Khamenei and the Revolutionary Guard , Ahmadinejad is the best alternative . ”
Mousavi has become the head of a diverse movement that is pulling him forward as much as he ’s leading it .
Reformists and moderates said they feared the movement would peter out without his leadership .
Advertisement
“ The ball is now in Mousavi ’s court , ” said Nader Hashemi , a professor of Middle East studies at the University of Denver .
“ His leadership will now be tested .
Will he stand firm and continue his nonviolent resistance , or will he compromise and sell out the democratic aspirations of millions of Iranians ? ”
Mousavi did not immediately respond to Khamenei ’s challenge .
The prime minister - turned - scholar remains under close supervision of authorities , has been denied access to state broadcasting facilities , and has seen his newspaper shut down .
“ The positive aspect of this movement is that for the first time it ’s everyone , ” said an analyst in Tehran , who spoke on condition he not be named .
“ The election and the campaign [ were ] just an excuse to express all their problems .
But on the other hand , the weakness of the movement is that it ’s disorganized .
The main problem is that they crystallized all their anger around Mousavi .
He became a hero .
But in many ways the movement is ahead of Mousavi . ”
Advertisement
Other prominent opposition figures made calls for protesters to defy the authorities .
“ We call on all the supporters of reform and change to have an overwhelming presence so that their cries are a protest at cheating and lying and backing for it at the highest levels of the system , ” said a statement on Karroubi ’s website .
“ May the massive crowd make all officials -- who do not attach the slightest value to the people ’s votes -- tremble , ” the statement said .
The scene for Khamenei ’s highly anticipated Friday sermon suggested that moderate figures in the Iranian establishment had been further marginalized in political infighting .
Not only was Mousavi absent ; so too were prominent moderates such as Ayatollah Hashemi Rafsanjani , Khatami and former Tehran Mayor Gholamhossein Karbaschi .
Advertisement
Ahmadinejad sat in the front row next to parliamentary speaker Ali Larijani , a conservative who is often highly critical of the president .
Mashallah Shamsolvaezin , a reformist writer and human rights activist , said Khamenei had made a political misstep by so openly allying with Ahmadinejad , and predicted that people would come out in even greater numbers because of the speech .
“ If taking people into the streets is wrong , and the leader today called it strong - arming , then what is his mobilizing of people during Friday prayers ? ” he said .
“ I think the presence of the people will continue in the streets , and intimidating people is no way to solve the disputes . ”
Among the young green - clad men and women who make up the heart of the movement , there was fear mixed with resilience .
Advertisement
The fear of bloodshed has failed to stop previous rallies .
According to a count taken by a Western embassy in Tehran , at least 33 people in the capital and as many as 100 nationwide have been killed in violence between protesters and club - wielding Basiji and Ansar-e Hezbollah militiamen over the last week , including students killed in their sleep .
One analyst said that protests in the cities of Tabriz , Esfahan , Shiraz and Kermanshah had already been crushed .
Amnesty International issued a bulletin describing Khamenei ’s speech as giving “ a green light to security forces to violently handle protesters exercising their right to demonstrate and express their views . ”
One 29 - year - old woman , sobbing with dismay at Khamenei ’s tone , said she would nevertheless gather her courage and attend the march .
“ This is how countries that have freedom and democracy get it , ” said the woman , who asked that her name not be published .
“ They have to fight and die for it . ”
Advertisement
--
daragahi@latimes.com
Mostaghim is a special correspondent .
Say what you will about videogame culture , but no one can deny that it can be a difficult space for a gay gamer to be in -- especially with the word " faggot " tossed around so easily online .
It seems as if EA aims to support a motion against this by hosting a panel being held by the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation ( GLAAD ) this Saturday .
Shacknews reports that reps from Microsoft , Electronic Arts , Linden Labs , GayGamer.net and the Entertainment Software Association will be attending the panel and topics covered will include how to provide safer spaces for LGBT ( lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgendered ) people online , how to educate the users of online communities about the effects of homophobia and how to prevent virtual attacks against them .
The event is open to the public , so if you 're interested you can head over to EA Headquarters in Redwood City , CA and take it all in from 11 AM to 1 PM .
While writing this story , I noticed the most recent comment was " Wow , there are much more important things to be holding a panel about .
What a bunch of faggots . "
Longggg way to go , EA .
Cheers to you for doing it though -- it needs to be done .
In conversations with gay activists on both coasts last week , I heard several theories as to why Obama has seemed alternately clumsy and foot - dragging in honoring his campaign commitments to dismantle DOMA and Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell .
The most charitable take had it that he was following a deliberate strategy , given his habit of pursuing his goals through long - term game plans .
After all , he ’s only five months into his term and must first juggle two wars , the cratered economy , health care and Iran .
Some speculated that the president is fearful of crossing preachers , especially black preachers , who are adamantly opposed to same - sex marriage .
Still others said that the president was tone - deaf on the issue because his inner White House circle lacks any known gay people .
But the most prevalent theory is that Obama , surrounded by Clinton White House alumni with painful memories , does n’t want to risk gay issues upending his presidency , as they did his predecessor ’s in 1993 .
After having promised to lift the ban on gays in the military , Clinton beat a hasty retreat into Do n’t Ask once Congress and the Pentagon rebelled .
This early pratfall became a lasting symbol of his chaotic management style  and a precursor to another fiasco , Hillarycare , that Obama is also working hard not to emulate .
But 2009 is not then , and if the current administration really is worried that it could repeat Clinton ’s history on Do n’t Ask , that ’s ludicrous .
Clinton failed less because of the policy ’s substance than his fumbling of the politics .
Even in 1992 a majority of the country ( 57 percent ) supported an end to the military ban on gays .
But Clinton blundered into the issue with no strategy at all and little or no advance consultation with the Joint Chiefs and Congress .
That ’s never been Obama ’s way .
Image Credit ...
Barry Blitt
The cultural climate is far different today , besides .
Now , roughly 75 percent of Americans support an end to Do n’t Ask , and gay issues are no longer a third rail in American politics .
Gay civil rights history is moving faster in the country , including on the once - theoretical front of same - sex marriage , than it is in Washington .
If the country needs any Defense of Marriage Act at this point , it would be to defend heterosexual marriage from the right - wing “ family values ” trinity of Sanford , Ensign and Vitter .
But full gay citizenship is far from complete .
“ There ’s a perception in Washington that you can throw little bits of partial equality to gay people and that gay people will be satisfied with that , ” said Dustin Lance Black , the screenwriter who won an Oscar for “ Milk , ” last year ’s movie about Harvey Milk , the pioneering gay civil rights politician of the 1970s .
Such “ crumbs , ” Black added , cannot substitute for “ full and equal rights in all matters of civil law in all 50 states . ”
As anger at White House missteps boiled over this month , the president abruptly staged a ceremony to offer some crumbs .
The pretext was the signing of an executive memorandum bestowing benefits to the domestic partners of federal employees .
But some of those benefits were already in force , and the most important of them all , health care , was not included because it is forbidden by DOMA .
Will the destructive center kill health care reform ?
It looks all too possible .
What ’s especially galling is the hypocrisy of their claimed reason for delaying progress — concern about the fiscal burden .
After all , in the past most of them have shown no concern at all for the nation ’s long - term fiscal outlook .
Case in point : the Medicare Modernization
Act of 2003 , which denied Medicare the right to bargain for lower drug prices , locked in overpayments to private insurance companies , and did nothing , nothing at all , to pay for its proposed outlays .
How many of these six self - proclaimed defenders of solvency voted no on the crucial procedural vote ?
One .
( Joe Lieberman , to my surprise . )
And let ’s not forget that Ben Nelson , who appears to be the ringleader , has fought tooth and nail against competition from a public option — which would almost certainly save a significant amount of money , as well as providing much - needed competition .
If the Gang of Six really does kill reform , remember their names ; they will bear the responsibility for vast , unnecessary suffering over the years to come .
A balmy summer night in Woodlawn Park : Dogs barking , a pickup baseball game , parents chasing kids .
In the distance , a synthesizer hums a familiar theme song .
A man in a 23rd century Starfleet uniform -- black boots , mustard - colored shirt , triangular insignia -- strides through a makeshift doorway .
" Space , the final frontier , " he intones to an imaginary audience .
" These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise .
...
" And these are the cheesy lines , short - short skirts and futuristic gadgetry of " Trek in the Park , " which begins tonight and runs over three consecutive weekends .
The actors are re-creating the " Star Trek " episode " Amok Time , " one of the best - known from the late 1960s TV series ' second season .
It 's the one where Spock battles Kirk as part of a bizarre Vulcan mating ritual and gets all emotional when he realizes he has n't really killed him .
Trek in the Park
It would be easy to perform it as parody , a condescending little nod to the earnest hopes of the Space Age .
But the actors here are playing it straight , with the seriousness of a Willy Loman on Broadway or a Mercutio in Ashland .
" These characters are every bit as famous and resonant as Shakespeare , " says Jesse Graff , who plays Spock .
" Per capita , if you sat down with somebody and said , ' Tell me about Macbeth and tell me about Captain Kirk , ' you would get the same number of people knowing what you were talking about . "
Graff got the part because his roommate , Adam Rosko , was launching a new theater company called Atomic Arts and decided to do an episode of " Star Trek " for the inaugural production .
Rosko plays Kirk .
He asked Graff to play Spock .
A third friend , Paul Pistey , plays Dr. Leonard " Bones " McCoy .
All are part - time actors and met last summer while playing bit parts in a local production of " Robin Hood . "
All are also in their late 20s or early 30s , which means their Trekker cred consists of " The Next Generation , " " Voyager " and the early " Star Trek " movies before the plots got stupid .
They generally agree that " The Wrath of Khan " is the most excellent movie but this summer 's reboot of the franchise shows similar promise .
Rosko collects comic book action figures and Graff would love to play Batman someday , but none of them speaks Klingon .
Or have memorized the blueprints of the Enterprise .
Or attend Star Trek conventions .
" I 'm not blind to reality .
I do n't live in my mother 's basement , " says Pistey , who works as a banker .
" I think it would be a lie to call myself a Trekkie . "
Rosko does n't consider himself a hardcore fan , either .
But his mother , Marge , is , which is why she sewed all the costumes and donated some of her collectibles to the show .
Rosko's sister Amy , who lives near Woodlawn Park , is co-producing and is in charge of the budget -- about $ 1,000 .
Friends built Kirk 's captain's chair and the wood door frame ; the audience will have to imagine the transporter and the consoles that Sulu , Chekov and Uhura use to help run the ship .
Last week 's dress rehearsal at the Northeast Portland park attracted some curious onlookers , a neighborhood kid the cast seems to have adopted as its mascot and a confused bicyclist who rode through the middle of the set and parked his bike during a dramatic standoff -- proof that this is not a production of Shakespeare in the Park .
Characters communicating with the Enterprise were played by an actor wielding a bullhorn offstage .
An actress doubling as T'Pau , a high - ranking member of Vulcan society , sang the operatic opening as the synthesizer made spooky noises .
Spock 's pointy ears looked a little fake , but Graff said he 'll have better ones by opening night .
Decades of syndication have imprinted Star Trek 's characters and the actors so firmly onto our cultural consciousness that it 's disconcerting to see anyone else try to take the place of the over - emoting William Shatner , the coolly aloof Leonard Nimoy , the crabby DeForest Kelley , who played McCoy .
Even as the original cast limps through sequel after sequel , growing older , grayer and paunchier , we still remember them in their prime .
But after a couple of run-throughs of " Trek in the Park , " Rosko 's skinny Kirk gets more confident , his presence more intimidating .
Graff does n't look at all like Nimoy 's Spock , but his unusually long fingers make the " live long and prosper " salute look realistic .
Pistey , showing the merest bit of chest hair , slips easily into McCoy 's cranky demeanor and tendency to dramatize : " If you do n't get him to Vulcan within a week , eight days at the outside , he 'll die !
He 'll die , Jim ! "
Pistey says , and for a moment , you can see Kelley 's world - weary face .
Even the supporting characters are well - cast : Uhura wears an impressive wig and a sleek pair of man-killing boots .
Chekov makes an admirable stab at a Russian accent .
Hardcore Trekkers who fill multiple Wikipedia pages with minutiae may quibble with some of the play 's details .
But assuming the audience loves " Amok Time , " the cast has already chosen its next episode .
The Enterprise 's original mission , after all , lasted five years .
That leaves four summers to go .
-- Lisa Grace Lednicer ; lisalednicer@news.oregonian.com
The Queensland Police fraud squad says it will be the first police force in the world to go on " wardriving " missions to warn homes and businesses if their wireless networks are not secure .
Detective Superintendent Brian
Hay said criminals were piggy - backing on the WiFi connections of ordinary computer users and using them to anonymously commit crimes such as fraud and identity theft .
The process of searching for open wireless networks using a laptop or handheld in a moving vehicle is known in the geek community as " wardriving " .
Many home networks can be accessed by anyone within range because strong security settings are often not enabled and passwords are rarely changed from the default setting .
" All unsecured WiFi networks out there are open for exploitation by the crooks and the average mum and dad do n't understand the vulnerabilities , " Detective Superintendent Hay said in a phone interview .
Calling 9 - 1 - 1 from McDonald 's to complain about your hamburger order , will get you a warning .
Call repeatedly , and you 'll be eating in a cop car .
Listen to an edited version of the call here :
Download
MP3 here
.
That 's what happened to 23 - year - old Jeremy Lloyd Martin early Friday after he allegedly called Clackamas County dispatchers several times , saying an employee at the McDonald 's on Southeast 82nd Avenue at Sunnyside Road near the Clackamas Town Center had robbed him of $ 8 for not fulfilling his order correctly .
Martin said he gave the worker $ 10 , but only got one burger and fries .
View Larger Map
Martin was repeatedly warned by dispatchers that he could get arrested for misusing 9 - 1 - 1 , but he did not back down .
He threatened to sue if a cop did n't arrive .
Martin got his wish and was arrested , charged with improper use of a 9 - 1 - 1 system .
-- Lynne Terry ; lynneterry@news.oregonian.com
Die chinesische Kultur hat eine Jahrtausende alte Tradition und ist sehr vielfältig .
In Europa und der westlichen Welt sind unter anderem die Traditionelle Chinesische Medizin ( TCM ) , das chinesische Horoskop , die chinesischen Zeichen oder die chinesischen Kampfkünste wie Kungfu oder Taichi bekannt , sie alle verwenden distinktive Konzepte der chinesischen Kultur .
What has happened to those New Year ’s resolutions you ask yourself very soon after you have set them down .
It ’s only a matter of weeks before those grand ideas have wafted away in the morning mist not to be seen again for another year .
When you made them they seemed so easy to adhere to .
You were going to go to the gym three times a week .
That was an easy goal to set .
You were going to drink and smoke less , maybe even give up smoking .
Seemed reasonable at the time .
Arriving at work on time every day was definitely possible until they started those road works of course and all traffic ground to a halt in the morning .
After all that could n’t be your fault then could it .
Phoning your parents once a week was on that list , so was signing up for a new course to help your career along .
By February those New Year ’s resolutions had evaporated and you felt guilty that they did n’t at least last until mid-year .
It seemed that every year those goals set at the beginning of January have a shorter shelf - life .
What stops you from keeping those promises you make to yourself ?
What stops you from making those changes that could enrich your life ?
Why do you hang onto those old habits for dear life , never wanting to let go ?
Read
Setting goals and sticking to them is one of the most difficult things to do .
Countless self - help books are available in shops and online stores .
The proliferation of eBooks on the topic shows that there are many people who want to learn the secret to goal setting .
The biggest secret and one that is seldom discussed is that goals need to be packaged into small achievable steps .
It is the idea of one enormous goal that often puts people off and stops them from trying .
It ’s like planning to climb Mt Everest but you have n’t tried to climb the local hill .
As long as you keep your eye on the goal or your final outcome you will manage to get there by using small steps .
An interesting story was told by a woman entrepreneur who started a very successful weight loss club in competition to the more famous Weight Watchers .
She set up her office in the garage of her home .
That ’s where she tested and assembled her product line of diet foods and supplements and planned her marketing strategy .
Her weight loss club grew into a huge organisation with the additional income of product sales in supermarkets .
During an interview for a program on successful women she said that if she had known how big her organisation would become , she would n’t have had the courage to start it .
That ’s how our goal setting fails us .
We set our goals to be so large we fail at them because we lose courage .
We need to lose weight ?
We do n’t set a realistic goal , we want to immediately get rid of all the excess weight .
The fact that it might have taken ten years to creep up on us is forgotten .
We want to get rid of it in a month .
When that does n’t happen we give up .
We want to go back to University to get a degree to help with our career and we give up after a few months .
It was n’t supposed to take that long and be so much work .
Break up your goals into small bite size pieces .
Make them smaller and easier to achieve .
Being able to easily attain many small successes will more easily encourage you to keep going to reach the bigger goal at the end of the road .
The Cambridge Police Department view of a Black scholar
Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. , one of the nation ’s pre-eminent African - American scholars , was arrested Thursday afternoon at his home by Cambridge police investigating a possible break - in .
The incident raised concerns among some Harvard faculty that Gates was a victim of racial profiling .
Police arrived at Gates ’ Ware Street home near Harvard Square at 12:44 p.m. to question him .
Gates , director of the W.E.B. Du Bois Institute for African and African American Research at Harvard , had trouble unlocking his door after it became jammed .
He was booked for disorderly conduct after “ exhibiting loud and tumultuous behavior , ” according to a police report .
Gates accused the investigating officer of being a racist .
Friends of Gates said he was already in his home when police arrived .
He showed his driver ’s license and Harvard identification card , but was handcuffed and taken into police custody …
The arrest of such a prominent scholar under what some described as dubious circumstances shook some members of the black Harvard community .
“ He and I both raised the question of if he had been a white professor , whether this kind of thing would have happened to him , that they arrested him without any corroborating evidence , ” said S. Allen Counter , a Harvard Medical School professor who spoke with Gates about the incident Friday .
“ I am deeply concerned about the way he was treated , and called him to express my deepest sadness and sympathy … ”
Counter has faced a similar situation himself .
The well - known neuroscience professor , who is also black , was stopped by two Harvard police officers in 2004 after being mistaken for a robbery suspect as he crossed Harvard Yard .
They threatened to arrest him when he could not produce identification .
The Cambridge Police will no doubt come up with whatever they feel is justification for arresting a man standing on his own property – telling the coppers to get off that property – when it ’s already been established there is no crime in progress .
Other than good old all - American racism .
Ms Charles waits to buy food almost past its sell - by date Rising food prices mean more people are struggling to pay to feed themselves , with many children facing malnutrition as a result , charity Save the Children has warned .
Here , one woman , Lois Charles , 51 , of Milton Keynes - who has been unemployed since June - tells just how difficult it is to feed her and her 17 - year - old daughter .
I save up my coppers and loose change and try to spend it on the things I need .
" I get £ 60.50 a week and it goes in fortnightly .
With that , I 've got to pay all my bills and that 's including TV licence , electricity , mortgage and water .
" After that , I do n't have a lot - it 's less than £ 20 a week .
I mostly buy reduced stuff , stuff that 's come up to its sell - by date .
The best place for that is places like Morrisons .
The other day I bought a fruit loaf for 9 p and a bag of lemons - I can't afford tea bags so I drink hot water and lemon - and I bought a bag nearing their sell - by date for 9 p .
I have n't eaten today , and that happens pretty regularly
Baked beans have gone up to 17 p a can now , and that 's too much .
" I miss meals regularly - I have n't eaten today , and that happens pretty regularly .
" What I am trying to do is use these deals where you can make a meal for a fiver - that will last us two , sometimes three meals .
" Bread and milk and eggs have really gone up .
I 'm buying value food all the time , it 's the only way I can eat .
Sometimes I use more petrol driving around looking to see what deals there are .
' Catch 22 ' I buy less fruit .
I tend to grow my own .
I 've got a cooking apple tree and some rhubarb , but there 's only so much you can eat of those .
I also buy the ' grow your own for a pound ' - tomatoes and peppers .
It 's the only way I can give more to my daughter .
In June I will have been unemployed for a year - I was in secretarial administration , a PA .
I have a scientific background .
I would love to be able to provide for my daughter .
My daughter is unemployed too .
And because she is under 18 , she does n't get any money .
I have an elderly mother who helps out financially , but that 's gradually running out and I do n't know how long she 'll be able to provide for me .
As soon as I can I want to be paying her back .. it 's a Catch 22 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
School Strip - Search Case Heads to Supreme Court
The U.S. Supreme Court next week will hear a case on the strip - search of a 13 - year - old girl at a public school , wading into the legal balancing act between protecting students ’ privacy rights and allowing school officials to take steps to ensure a safe campus environment .
The case , which has attracted national media attention — as well as friend - of - the - court briefs from national education groups , civil - liberties advocates , and the Obama administration — could have major implications for how schools proceed when they wish to search students .
At issue in Safford Unified School District v. Redding ( Case No. 08-479 ) is the search of 8th grader Savana Redding by school personnel at an Arizona middle school .
The 2003 action came amid suspicion that the honors student possessed prescription - strength ibuprofen tablets , a violation of the school ’s anti-drug policy .
No such pills were found on Ms. Redding , who stripped down to her undergarments , which she pulled away from her body so that two female personnel , including the school nurse , could inspect her .
Infuriated by the search and apparently dissatisfied with school officials ’ explanation , the student ’s mother , April Redding , filed suit against the 2,750 - student Safford district as well as the school officials directly involved .
" Savana ended up naked and humiliated in front of her school officials , " lawyers for the family say in March papers submitted to the high court , which is scheduled to hold oral arguments April 21 .
Officials ' Liability
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit , in San Francisco , ruled last July that school officials violated Ms. Redding ’s Fourth Amendment right to be free from unreasonable search and seizure , acting “ contrary to all reason and common sense . ”
A panel of the court ruled 8 - 3 on the constitutional issue .
Also , by a vote of 6 - 5 , the court held that the assistant principal who ordered the strip - search was not entitled to " qualified immunity " from liability in the lawsuit .
" The Supreme Court will decide in this case how easy it will be for our schoolchildren to be strip - searched , " Adam B. Wolf , a lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union representing the Redding family , said in a phone interview .
" This search was predicated on one accusation from one unreliable student that Savana had previously possessed ibuprofen , ” he said .
" If schools are allowed to strip - search their students based on that scarce information , strip - searches could become as prevalent as the everyday practice of student tattling . "
But lawyers for the district insist in court papers that the search was justified and that the 9th circuit ruling sets a " dangerous precedent in substituting its own judgment for that of school officials . "
They say the 9th circuit ruling , if let stand , would " cause school officials to hesitate or do nothing at all , even when they in good faith believe that students are at risk . "
School Groups Split
A friend - of - the - court brief submitted by national groups representing school boards and administrators echoes this concern .
The 9th Circuit decision would “ seriously undermine school districts ’ efforts to address student drug abuse in an effective manner , ” write lawyers for the National School Boards Association and the American Association of School Administrators , both based just outside Washington .
The ruling “ broadly [ calls ] into question the ability of school officials to make all practical searches — both minimally intrusive and more intrusive . ”
However , the case has not united education groups .
The 3.2 million - member National Education Association and the National Association of School Psychologists have weighed in on the other side , arguing that the strip - search was unconstitutional .
For its part , the federal government argues that the strip - search of Ms. Redding violated the Fourth Amendment .
“ Strip - searches are impermissible in the public schools unless [ school ] officials reasonably suspect not only that the student possesses the contraband , but also that it is hidden in a place that such a search will reveal , ” Acting U.S. Solicitor General Edwin S. Kneedler wrote in the March brief , also signed by lawyers from the U.S. Department of Education and the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy .
The brief argues that while the decision to conduct “ some form of search ” was justified , the circumstances “ did not justify extending the scope of the search to require [ Ms. Redding ] to disrobe to her bra and underwear and lift them off her body . ”
At the same time , the federal lawyers argued that the school official who ordered the search was entitled to qualified immunity , because “ the illegality of the search was not clearly established at the time they conducted it . ”
Qualified immunity is a legal doctrine established by the Supreme Court under which government officials are personally immune from being sued unless they violated clearly established constitutional or statutory rights about which a reasonable person would have known .
' On the Front Lines '
The October 2003 strip - search took place at Safford Middle School in Safford , a small community in southeast Arizona .
Court papers say Ms. Redding was pulled out of class by the assistant principal , Kerry Wilson , and asked a series of questions about whether she had anything to do with some prescription - strength ibuprofen pills he had uncovered .
She said no .
He then asked whether he could search her belongings .
When this search uncovered no such tablets , Mr. Wilson instructed an administrative assistant and the school nurse to conduct a strip - search of Ms. Redding in private .
The 13 - year - old was asked to take off her shoes and socks , then other items of clothing , until she eventually had stripped down to her bra and underwear .
She was asked to pull her bra out and to the side and shake it , exposing her breasts , and then to pull out her underwear and shake it , exposing her pelvic area .
School officials say they had good reasons for the search .
First , another student , Marissa , who was discovered with prescription - strength pills , said she had obtained them from Ms. Redding .
Second , at a school dance a couple of months before , members of the school staff said they had detected the smell of alcohol among a small group of rowdy students that included both Marissa and Ms. Redding .
And third , another student reported that alcohol had been served at a party at Ms. Redding ’s home before the dance .
Also , the assistant principal indicated that he recalled at least two other occasions when a student was harmed by taking pills distributed on campus .
" Safford Unified School District ... finds itself on the front lines of a decades - long war against drug abuse among students , " the lawyers for the district write , noting what they call a " troubling rise " in the abuse of prescription and over - the - counter drugs .
Political Lessons ?
But John W. Whitehead , the president of the Rutherford Institute , a civil - liberties advocacy group based in Charlottesville , Va. , who co-wrote a friend - of - the - court brief in the case , argues that school districts are going too far in their anti-drug approaches .
" Subjecting students throughout the country to invasive strip - searches in the so - called quest to make schools safer and drug - free is ludicrous , ” he said in an April 1 statement .
" Savana ’s case illustrates the danger inherent in giving school administrators carte blanche authority to violate the civil liberties and privacy rights of students . "
In a phone interview , Mr. Whitehead said he also worried that such incidents teach students " a very bad political lesson . "
" You ’re not teaching kids to be good citizens by teaching them that they have no rights against searches and seizures , " he said .
Lawyers for the district argue in court papers that the school officials took appropriate steps to minimize the impact of the search .
" Petitioners do not deny the potential emotional effect of the search conducted in this case , " they wrote .
" In fact , it was for this very reason that they specifically took into account both Redding ’s age and sex . "
They note that after inspecting the student ’s backpack , the male assistant principal withdrew from the search and turned it over to two female employees , who conducted it in the privacy of the nurse ’s office .
Also , the school officials did not touch Ms. Redding during the strip - search .
But Mr. Wolf , the lawyer from the ACLU , said this level of restraint is of little consolation to Ms. Redding .
" The fact that the school officials here could have ratcheted up the privacy invasion to such a drastic degree does not minimize the trauma of this strip - search to Savana , " he said .
A ' Reasonableness ' Standard
The legal debate in the Redding case centers on a 1985 decision by the U.S. Supreme Court in New Jersey v. T.L.O .
It found that " the school setting requires some easing of the restrictions to which searches by public authorities are ordinarily subject . "
The ruling spelled out a " reasonableness " standard for assessing the legality of searches of individual students conducted by school officials .
First , the ruling said , the search " must be justified at its inception . "
And second , it must be " reasonably related in scope to the circumstances which justified the interference in the first place . "
Lawyers involved in the Redding case suggest that it ’s time for the Supreme Court to provide greater clarity on the reasonableness standard .
" Deciding the constitutional question in this case will also provide some desperately needed guidance to the lower courts and , more importantly , school officials , " wrote lawyers for the Safford district .
Mr. Whitehead from the Rutherford Institute echoed that sentiment , though he ’s hoping the message will be decidedly different .
" What we need are guidelines ... to be clear about what we mean by reasonableness , " he said .
" Give the schools guidelines [ that get them ] to back off . "
For his part , Mr. Wolf from the ACLU said , " I do think it is important that they provide further guidance , ... but no school official needed guidance to understand that this search was unreasonable . "
Meanwhile , lawyers for the district , as well as those representing the NSBA and AASA , argue that the assistant principal , Mr. Wilson , should be not be personally exposed to legal liability in the case .
In an interview , Francisco M. Negron , the general counsel for the NSBA , argues that given the disagreement among various jurists who have considered the case over time , it is unreasonable to expect a school official to be able to successfully navigate the legal terrain .
" Where judges disagree on what the state of the law is , " he said , " it hardly makes any sense to suggest that a school administrator or teacher who is not a lawyer ... [ should be ] personally liable . "
Vol. 28 , Issue 29
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Back to Top
HAMILTON , Bermuda – After almost eight years of captivity , each step of Khelil Mamut 's freedom is a little overwhelming .
The ocean , which he could hear only on windy days when the waves crashed beyond Guantanamo 's razor wire rimmed fence , is now something he can wade into .
People call him by his name , not 278 , his internee serial number .
Then there was the horse he saw while walking one of the island trails on Thursday , the day he and three other Chinese citizens of the Muslim Uighur minority arrived in Bermuda .
The animal made him stop suddenly , just to stare .
" How can I express it , " he said yesterday , describing the new tropical home where he now lives with the three other former Guantanamo detainees .
" It is so great , so beautiful . "
" This may be a small island , " added Abdullah Abdulqadir .
" But it has a big heart . "
The men spent yesterday with the Toronto Star , as they adjusted to life on the outside and reflected on a week that one local paper headlined : " From prison to paradise . "
Despite the backlash to their move , which has all Bermudians talking , they seemed insulated in their oceanside pink cottage , enjoying a fish lunch , a sunset swim and fielding the occasional media call .
They broke their composure only when a local imam visited them , embracing each fiercely .
The U.S. government is footing the bill for their food and accommodation until they can find work , which likely wo n't be a problem since local companies have reportedly already made six offers .
Inside their three - bedroom apartment , where the carpet , curtain and walls match the pastel exterior , the men have managed to form a makeshift family .
American translator Rushan Abbas , who alternated yesterday between typing emails to their U.S. lawyers and kneading dough for a traditional Uighur dinner , joked that despite only being a few years older she considered the men her children .
Abbas worked for U.S. interrogators translating with Uighur detainees when she first started at Guantanamo in 2002 .
Then she " switched sides , " she said , and started working for defence attorneys .
She came here for a few days to make the transition smoother since Abdulqadir and Mamut know only limited English , and the other two men , Salahidin Abdulahat and Ablikim Turahun , do n't understand at all .
The men also have the assistance of a retired Bermudian army major , Glenn Brangman , who now works with the government .
With his booming voice and hibiscus - patterned surf shorts , Brangman has become their energetic guide .
Two weeks ago the scene for these men in Camp Iguana – the U.S. military 's name for the prison where they were detained in Guantanamo – could n't have been more different .
On June 1 , Abdulqadir approached a small group of journalists during a rare unscripted moment in a prison where the message is tightly controlled .
" Who 's in charge ? " Abdulqadir asked , as reporters , including one from the Star , stood mute on the other side of the fence due to rules that forbid communication between journalists and prisoners .
Abdulqadir and another detainee then quickly displayed a sketch pad where they 'd written their message in crayon , managing to pull off the detention centre 's first public protest .
" We need to freedom ( sic ) , " said one page .
Ten days later , a secret pre-dawn private flight whisked them away from Guantanamo to this tourist mecca .
There 's no doubt the four men stand out in this self - governing British territory that 's only 54 square kilometres – less than half the size of Guantanamo's U.S. naval base .
There 's no Uighur population here and when locals are asked if there 's an Asian community , most point to a Japanese resident who opened a restaurant .
Their arrival has consumed the local media and parliament .
Opposition members tabled a no-confidence motion on Friday to oust Bermuda 's Premier Ewart Brown , arguing that his covert deal with U.S. President Barack Obama was indicative of his " autocratic " leadership .
" We do n't know who these men are , " opposition minister Shawn Crockwell said in an interview with the Star .
" All of a sudden there 's an association between Bermuda and terrorism .
Whether or not these men are or not , there 's that association . "
The men yesterday said they hoped they could shake the terrorist label .
" There 's absolutely no hard feelings toward the U.S. , " said Abdulqadir .
" There are some people accusing us , labelling us as dangerous people , but that 's not true at all . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
For years , the debate over the Uighur detainees , who range in age from 30 to 38 , was whether they were Guantanamo victims or men who had formed links with Al Qaeda to support their opposition to China 's rule .
The men said they fled China in the summer of 2001 for neighbouring Afghanistan – the two countries share a tiny stretch of border – because they could not get passports enabling them to go elsewhere .
After the 9/11 attacks and the U.S. - led invasion of Afghanistan in October 2001 , the men were caught by Pakistani services and sold to the United States for a bounty .
The Pentagon accused them of training at " Al Qaeda - linked " camps and belonging to the East Turkistan Islamic Movement ( ETIM ) , which opposes China 's oppression of Uighurs .
In September 2002 , after the men had been in custody for almost a year , the ETIM was designated a terrorist organization by the U.S. State Department .
The listing itself was criticized by some who accused the United States of succumbing to China 's pressure at a time when Beijing 's support was sought for the upcoming war in Iraq .
During years of litigation , the D.C. courts slammed the inadequacy of the government 's evidence , eventually pushing the Bush administration to concede that the Uighurs were no longer designated " enemy combatants . "
This administrative reclassification , which cleared the men for release , prompted one District Court judge to quip : " The government 's use of the Kafkaesque term `no longer enemy combatants ' deliberately begs the question of whether these petitioners ever were enemy combatants . "
Yesterday , the men said the toughest time in their captivity was when Chinese interrogators were allowed on the base in 2002 .
They also talked of their year inside Camp 6 , where they were kept in solitary confinement and only meals and calls of other prisoners broke the monotony of the day .
After a D.C. judge ordered them released last October , they were transferred to Camp Iguana , a separate prison of enclosed wooden huts , perched high on a rocky cliff overlooking the ocean .
But when the United States denied them refuge and no other country would accept them , they were trapped in a legal limbo until last week .
Another 13 Uighur detainees , heading for the tiny Pacific island of Palau , still remain in Guantanamo , as does Canadian Omar Khadr .
Some residents here were angry that Bermuda accepted men other Western nations refused to take , while others say the men will integrate well .
" I feel people need somewhere to go .
These guys have n't done anything wrong and have been locked up , " said Carol Turini , a 70 - year - old cab driver who retired from a job in the immigration department eight years ago .
" Why not ? "
Their American lawyer , Sabin Willet , said one of the most poignant moments for him came when they were shopping for new clothes as a local talk radio show was airing irate callers saying Bermuda was harbouring terrorists .
Hearing the radio , and then recognizing the men , the storeowner looked at them and said , " Well , I welcome you here . "
72 days of ordeal Nando Parrado and other survivors of a plane crash in the Andes had to endure before being rescued .
Flying over the mountains on a Friday the 13th , the young men and their families who boarded the charter plane joked about the unlucky day when the plane 's wing hit the slope of the mountain and crashed .
On impact , 13 passengers were instantly dead while 32 others were badly wounded .
Hoping to be rescued , the survivors waited in the freezing - 37C temperature , melting snow for drinks and sleeping side by side to keep themselves warm .
Food was so scarce , everyone had to pool whatever food they can find for a rationed pool .
9 days after the crash , due to dire desperation and hunger , the survivors called for an important meeting .
One member proposed that they eat the dead .
The 2 hours meeting ended with a conclusion .
If any of them died in the Andes , the rest had the permission to use the corpse as food .
After 2 weeks , their hope of being found dashed when they found out via their radio transistor that the rescue effort was called off .
On the 60th day after the crash , Nando Parrado and 2 other friends decided to walk through the icy wilderness for help .
By the time they left , Nando Parrado said , the crash site was “ .. an awful place , soaked in urine , smelling of death , littered with ragged bits of human bone and gristle ” .
Wearing 3 pairs of jeans and 3 sweaters over a polo shirt , he and his friends trekked the mountains with human flesh as their ration .
Knowing that they must search for rescue , the team endured frozen snow , exhaustion and starvation , walking and climbing for 10 days before finding their way to the bottom of the mountain .
The team was finally helped by a Chilean farmer who called the police for help .
Parrado then guided the rescue team via a helicopter to the crash site .
On the 22nd December 1972 , after enduring 72 brutal days , the world found out that there were 16 survivors who cheated death , in the mountain of Andes.
8 of the initial survivors died when an avalanche cascaded down on them as they slept in the fuselage .
During the ordeal , Nando Parrado lost 40 kg of his weight .
He lost half his family in the crash .
He is now a motivational speaker .
His book Miracle in the Andes was published in 2007 .
Read – Read permission enables the user to view the contents of a file and view the names of files contained in a directory .
Write – Having write permission lets a user modify or delete a file .
Combined with the execute permission , you can modify the contents of a directory .
Execute – Execute permission lets you execute a file if the read permission is also enabled .
It is used with the write permission for modifying directories and the files they contain .
Linux further delineates the control a user can exercise over a file or directory by the use of groups .
A group is a collection of zero or more users that may have common computing requirements .
File and directory permissions are assigned to three entities :
User – these permissions impact the file ’s owner .
Group – these permissions affect the group that owns the file .
When the owner is in the group , User permissions are enforced .
Other – all other users are subject to these permissions .
Executing a ls -l command will return a list of files and their permissions .
The file mode describes the type of entity and its permissions .
It is ten characters long , with the first letter being a ‘ d ’ for a directory , a ‘-‘ for a file , or a ‘ l ’ for a link .
The next nine characters symbolically spell out the permissions for the User , Group , and Others respectively .
Triplets of letters represent the permissions .
For example , this would give everyone read , write , and execute permission for a file :
rwxrwxrwx
Where this takes away execute permission for the group and others .
rwxrw-rw -
So the letter indicates the permission is enabled and a dash shows it is not set .
They are always assigned in the read , write , and execute order .
Permissions can also be represented as numeric values based on binary substitution of the characters .
Linux Services , Daemons , and Devices
Linux services and daemons are very similar animals .
They are both essentially applications that run the background .
They are not under the direct control of a user .
System events may initiate action by the services or daemons .
Some examples of important daemons are :
cron – used to schedule command execution
lpd – manage printing
rpc.mountd – respond to mount requests
Linux services such as Apache and MySQL are likely to be running on your machine .
Devices files are special files that interact with device drivers to access hardware attached to your system .
They are found in the / dev directory .
Networking with Linux
Linux machines are often employed as network gateways or firewalls .
The reliability of the operating system , its cost - effectiveness , and its flexibility make it a prime candidate for use in servers and devices involved in networking .
There are Linux distributions that are tailored to the needs of network administrators .
According to geekflare.com , here are some of the more useful Linux networking commands .
ifconfig – used to configure the parameters of network interfaces
– used to configure the parameters of network interfaces telnet – tests connectivity between two hosts
– tests connectivity between two hosts netstat – allows you to review network connections
– allows you to review network connections scp – used to copy files securely between hosts
– used to copy files securely between hosts nmap – checks opened ports
There are several Linux serial console programs which can be used for purposes such as testing and configuring the serial ports in your network installations .
Among them are minicom , grub , and getty .
Based on your specific distribution , additional tools may be available for use in network administration .
A Sample Linux Session
Now that you have a little background concerning Linux let ’s take a look at how a typical session begins .
We will use the command line for demonstration purposes , but many Linux distributions have intuitive user - interfaces that can be used to perform many of the same functions .
We will see some of the concepts discussed above in action .
Here ’s what we are going to do .
Log into the system , locate a file , run it , change permissions so no - one else can run it , and then log off .
Let ’s get started .
login username < enter > – Your username should have been assigned by your system administrator .
You will be prompted for your password .
Provide it and hit enter again .
You should be in your home directory .
To verify , execute the pwd command .
We are going to assume that the program you are going to run is located in / home / username / progs .
Let ’s go there by entering this command :
cd /home / username / progs ls -l
Now you are presented with all of the files that are in the / home / username / prog directory .
You will see the file permissions , file owner , and group owner with the file name on the far right .
You have a program titled myTestProgram which currently has permissions set at –rwxrwxrwx , meaning that anyone can read , modify , and execute the program .
Since you are one of everyone , you can run it by simply typing its name and hitting enter .
myTestProgram
Let ’s assume that the program executed , but there is an issue you need to resolve before letting anyone else use it .
You need to change the permissions with the chmod command as in this example :
chmod u=rwx , g=r , o=r myTestProgram
The result of this command is that only you can run the program .
A look at the file permissions will show this :
- rwxr — r —
Everyone else can only read the file .
Now you can take your time and fix it before modifying permissions again to let others use your creation .
You can simply logout to end your session .
logout
That ’s it .
You have successfully run a program in Linux and modified it so it can not be used by others .
With a little practice , you will soon be moving around the system like a pro .
Installing Linux
You may be interested in trying Linux on a particular computer but not yet be ready to blow away the current operating system .
Many Linux versions have what is called a “ live ” distribution , where you can run the OS from a CD or other external media without any changes to your hard drive .
This lets you check it out before making any commitment .
Once you are satisfied that the operating system indeed fits your needs , simply click on the install icon and a software wizard will guide you during installation .
The wizard will help you determine if your machine meets the minimum requirements for the OS .
You will also set up your wireless connection if you have one , as you will need to access the network to download additional software and updates .
Further details on trying and installing Linux can be found on this page at linux.com .
This overview provides a taste of what to expect from the Linux operating system .
While it was once considered the operating system of experts or computer geeks , the newer , user - friendly distributions allow just about anyone to experiment with this powerful operating system .
The links that are included in this article are a good starting point if you desire more thorough Linux knowledge .
You just might find that Linux fills all of your computing needs and lets you escape from the monolithic major operating system vendors .
Moby 's NYC Vegan Restaurant " Teany " Gets Destroyed In Fire
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
Bad news for all those tea drinking vegans on the lower east side .
Late last week , Teany Cafe — an NYC vegan eatery co-founded by Moby — was destroyed in a fire .
According to reports , an electrical fire ignited the vegan restaurant and gutted the building on Rivington Street .
Moby opened the joint in 2002 with this his then girlfriend Kelly Tisdale , and later turned it over to Tisdale exclusively .
On his blog , Moby wrote :
“ Apparently Kelly is working hard to repair it and get it re-opened .
So there ’s a good chance that Teany will re-open at some point in the next month or two . ”
Woo !
We ’re happy to hear that the veggie restaurant will once again stand tall .
Oh wait …I mean stand “ Teany . ”
There was a saying in Silicon Valley in the 1990s : " The thing that makes America the greatest country on earth is that it is the only place where you can borrow $ 100 million without owning a suit . "
Borrowing even fifty dollars is a lot tougher these days than a decade ago , suit or no suit .
But as the U.S. economy struggles to recover , we all have an interest in preserving the innovation , dynamism , flexibility and creativity of the financial sector .
That 's an unpopular point of view these days , I know .
You can overdo anything , even innovation — and over the past half dozen years , mortgage finance overdid just about everything .
Now we are all paying the price .
Yet curiously , the Obama administration 's bank reform plan announced last week corrects almost none of the regulatory gaps that enabled the mortgage crisis .
What those reforms do instead is clamp a series of restrictions on non-mortgage activity by financial institutions .
Secretary of the Treasury Tim Geithner and senior White House economic aide Larry Summers outlined the plan in an op -ed in the June 15 Washington Post .
Highlights include :
* More stringent capital and liquidity requirements for all institutions , especially the largest .
* Tighter Federal Reserve supervision of firms whose failure could threaten the stability of the system .
* Closer regulation of derivatives markets .
* A new consumer protection agency with power to approve or disapprove consumer lending practices .
* A new system for " winding up " failed banks — something between a bailout and bankruptcy — with details to be provided later apparently .
Let 's consider some of the implications of these moves .
Bigger banks will be more tightly supervised — but will also get some kind of guarantee that they will never be allowed to be bankrupt .
All other things being equal , that guarantee should allow them to borrow more cheaply , creating a competitive advantage .
Over time , we 'd expect the financial system to tilt in favor of these more subsidized financial institutions .
Risk taking would diminish , innovation would ebb .
Consumer lending will be more tightly policed .
That will increase the cost and reduce the availability of consumer credit .
One of the proposed Obama reforms would require credit card companies to post notice of proposed interest rate increases .
Yet the long history of such regulations powerfully suggests that their effect is ( 1 ) to encourage competitors to coordinate their rate increases and ( 2 ) to discourage price - cutting ( because future increases may have to be justified to the regulator , but mere maintenance of existing prices never needs to be ) .
Some Obama administration supporters yearn for the " boring finance " of the postwar years .
But those were also years when the U.S. economy was dominated by giant oligopolistic firms that financed themselves out of retained earnings — a regime tough on newcomers with no earnings to retain .
Nor is it just newcomer firms that are threatened by the administration 's quest for stability even at the expense of innovation .
The real victims of the Obama approach to the economy will be individual newcomers , especially the young , who risk entering an economy less able to generate new employment , new wealth , and new opportunity than the more dynamic economy of the past three decades .
( Click here to hear a broadcast on American Public Media 's " Marketplace " in which I further detail the plan 's failings . )
And yet while the economic effects of the Obama plan induces despair , politically perhaps it offers conservatives a first glimmer of hope .
Maybe the high costs of state control are a lesson that must be relearned in every generation .
As the new policies go into effect and do their harm , there will be a great relearning among young voters entering the workforce after 2010 .
And just as today 's college students rallied to Barack Obama 's language of change — so perhaps will today 's high school students someday rally to a conservative who can re-articulate the free market 's exciting offer of hope , growth , and opportunity .
AFP
IT COULD have been a scene from Gabriel García Márquez 's novella , “ Chronicle of a Death Foretold ” .
But there was nothing magical about the realism of the video recorded by Rodrigo Rosenberg , a Guatemalan lawyer , four days before he was shot dead on Sunday May 10th while cycling on a busy avenue .
“ If you are hearing this message , ” he intoned , “ it is because I , Rodrigo Rosenberg Marzano , was assassinated by the president 's private secretary , Gustavo Alejos , and his partner , Gregorio Valdez , with the approval of Álvaro Colom and Sandra de Colom [ Guatemala 's president and first lady ] ” .
Political murders are sadly nothing new in Guatemala .
In the course of the 2007 presidential campaign 56 candidates , party activists and relatives were killed .
During the civil war , which lasted from 1960 to 1996 , at least 150,000 people were killed .
Now Mr Rosenberg 's explosive posthumous accusation has riveted the country , and threatens to plunge an already fragile democracy into crisis .
In the video , Mr Rosenberg contends that the government had offered a spot on the board of Banrural , a state - owned development bank , to Khalil Musa , one of his clients , a farmer and textile manufacturer .
The proposal was subsequently withdrawn , he claimed , for fear that Mr Musa would reveal rampant corruption at the bank .
Mr Musa and his daughter were murdered last month , and Mr Rosenberg alleged that both that hit and the one he correctly foresaw on himself were designed to ensure the episode was kept quiet .
The claims are particularly damaging because Mr Colom , of the centre - left , has promoted himself as a crusader against endemic corruption and violent crime .
Because of its extreme poverty , location and weak institutions , Guatemala has become a haven for drug traffickers : according to America 's Drug Enforcement Administration , three - quarters of South American cocaine destined for the United States passes through its territory .
The narcotics trade has become a principal source of employment in the country and the profits it generates are thought to provide much of the funding for Guatemalan political campaigns .
Rival gangs frequently do battle and the vast quantities of weapons they bring in have also increased violence unrelated to the drug trade : around 70 bus drivers have been killed in robberies this year .
Guatemala has replaced Colombia as Latin America 's leading semi- failed narco - state .
Mr Colom has vowed to tackle organised crime and clean up the state apparatus .
To the dismay of numerous political allies , he has authorised a greater anti-trafficking role for the army , which was responsible for massacring thousands of civilians during the war .
He has also founded a new domestic - intelligence service .
Arrests and weapons seizures have consequently increased in 2009 .
The president has faced criticism before .
The press and opposition regularly complain that the finances of his administration 's cash - transfer scheme for the poor , which is run by his wife , are insufficiently transparent .
The first couple insist that everything is above board .
In the days since the video was distributed , no independent evidence has emerged to confirm Mr Rosenberg 's claims of presidential complicity .
Mr Colom has been defiant and denies having any part in the killing .
In response to calls for him to step aside while he is investigated , he has claimed a plot exists to destabilise his government , and has vowed that he would only leave his office dead .
But further suspicions were raised when local reporters found he had held an undisclosed meeting with the chief prosecutor the day after the video was made public .
He acknowledged the meeting , said there was nothing unusual about it and added that he would let the investigators do their job .
Few murders in Guatemala are resolved in the courts , and the true killers of Mr Musa and his daughter and Mr Rosenberg are unlikely to face trial soon , although an American official has confirmed that the FBI will help in an investigation .
Already governing from weakness thanks to a slowing economy and defections from his coalition , the president will now be dogged by accusations of murder .
As a result , implementing the reforms Guatemala so desperately needs has become even harder .
In my first book , Bad Astronomy , I have a chapter about UFOs in it .
I have the usual sort of debunking in it , but I made a point I had not seen anywhere else at that time : why do n't astronomers see relatively more UFOs than laypeople ?
Think about it .
Astronomers , both amateur and professional , are constantly viewing the sky .
There are tens of thousands of amateurs out observing all the time : a large sample population , and far larger in observing man-hours than the regular population .
If UFOs are so common , then why do we not see an unusually large number of reports from astronomers ?
My assertion is that this is because the vast majority of UFO reports from people are misidentified objects like Venus , the Moon , satellites , balloons , and so on .
These are things every amateur astronomer has seen countless times , and knows are not alien spaceships bent on probing the backsides of rural citizens .
While this does not mean every single observed object is something more mundane , it does mean that the huge numbers quoted by UFOlogists are most certainly wrong .
When I published the book , I got lots of criticism from the UFO culture who , predictably , could n't parse my very simple logic .
I got some amusement from it , I 'll admit , since trying to reason with some people is clearly a losing game .
Why bring all this up now ?
Because amateur astronomer Tim Printy has published an article about this in his online magazine Skeptical UFO Newsletter lite ( SUNlite ) -- you can download the issue directly here ( PDF ) .
He does an excellent job rebutting the usual silly claims of the UFO crowd when they froth and rail about my statement .
He picks their arguments apart point - by - point , showing just why my claims are accurate and theirs are not .
It 's a good read ... and I 'm not saying that because he supports me .
I 'm saying that because he 's right .
Regular readers may remember
Tim 's excellent debunking of the Phoenix Lights as well , which I wrote about on the tenth anniversary of that particular silliness .
I think I 'll keep my eye on him .
Another skeptical astronomer is most welcome !
On Wed , Mar 15 , 2000 at 04:17:21 PM -0500 , Dan Schult wrote : | I had a problem with dates when I first installed Linux on | an XP1000 .
The hardware clock was off by 48 years , and the | system kept getting reset to that time upon boot ( as it should ) .
|
I have now fixed that problem based on a posting from Dec 1999 | to this list .
Now I just need to correct all the files that | have been given dates in the future .
| | I hacked a bash script to touch the files with the corrected dates | but I can't touch the symbolic links .
| | ============== |
Can someone explain how to change the timestamp on a symbolic link ?
| ============== | |
It seems like it has to be possible .
It 's not .
| If not , I may have to resort to recreating the links ...
This is the correct approach .
On some systems symlinks are n't even separate objects but merely special directory entries ( thus no inode , no perms , no ownership etc ) .
Almost every system call follows symlinks , including things like chown and chmod .
While this makes a certain warped sense because nothing you do to perms on a symlink will really affect security ( since you can always just use the path the link uses direct ) , I think it 's horrible .
IMHO , the only system calls which should follow symlinks are stat , open and chdir .
Then you could do the old " chmod - R " etc without fear of a rogue symlink .
Instead one has to say uglinesses like find .
!
- type l - exec chown blah {} ' ; ' to avoid treading on things outside the namespace .
Very grody .
Cheers ,
WHAT is your name ?
Captain Jean - Luc Picard WHAT is your quest ?
I seek the Holy Grail WHAT is the top velocity of a Bird of Prey ?
Romulan or Klingon ?
I ....I do n't know ... AAAHHHH !!!! - Mike Gaines , meg5...@hertz.njit.edu
UPDATE at 9:20 a.m. : Looks like the power is back on and some trains are moving again , but slowly , since the signals are n't working .
9:30 a.m. Joe Pesaturo : " Power is being restored , but all lines are experiencing delays .
An investigation into the cause of the outage is underway . "
T now advising people to not take the T .
9:50 : Boston Police report the Red Line still dead due to signal problems .
1 p.m. : NECN reports the T is blaming " a private company doing routine maintenance " on the system .
More to come at a 1:30 news briefing .
People stuck on trains all over the place :
Red Line .
Orange Line .
Green Line .
Blue Line :
* MAJOR * mbta fail .
no power at Maverick T station .
no buses .
making people walk to airport to get buses .
in a cab now .
No lights at Back Bay station ; commuter - rail tracks almost pitch black .
Nykwil proposes the MBTA buy one million hamsters and wheels as a power supply .
Michael Femia :
Maybe the T should n't have diverted all of its power to David Ortiz .
A Quechua Farmer working the land in Puru .
These farmers now play a major role in protecting the world ’s crops ( Image : Eye Ubiquitous / Rex Features )
Crops like potatoes are afforded greater protection under the care of Quechua Indians in Peru ( Image : Christian Kargl / WestEnd61 / Rex Features )
IF YOU like potatoes , chances are you will one day owe some measure of thanks to the Quechua Indians of Peru .
That ’s because they will be making sure that potatoes continue to be available whatever the vagaries of future climate change .
The Quechua ( pictured ) are among the first recipients of …
Boeing Advanced Tactical Laser Fires High - Power Laser
In Flight
More tests are planned to demonstrate ATL 's military utility .
The system is designed to destroy , damage or disable targets with little to no collateral damage .
by Staff Writers
Albuquerque NM ( SPX ) Jun 23 , 2009
Boeing and the U.S. Air Force have successfully fired the high - power laser aboard the Advanced Tactical Laser ( ATL ) aircraft for the first time in flight .
During the test , ATL took off from Kirtland Air Force Base , N.M. , and fired its laser while flying over White Sands Missile Range , N.M. , successfully hitting a target board located on the ground .
ATL , which Boeing is developing for the U.S. Air Force , is a C - 130H aircraft equipped with a chemical laser , a beam control system , sensors and weapon - system consoles .
" This successful test is a major step toward bringing directed energy capability to the warfighter , " said Gary Fitzmire , vice president and program director of Boeing Directed Energy Systems .
" We have demonstrated that an airborne system can fire a high - power laser in flight and deliver laser beam energy to a ground target .
ATL 's ultra-precision engagement capability will dramatically reduce collateral damage . "
More tests are planned to demonstrate ATL 's military utility .
The system is designed to destroy , damage or disable targets with little to no collateral damage .
These demonstrations support development of systems that will conduct missions on the battlefield and in urban operations .
The Boeing - led ATL industry team includes L - 3 Communications / Brashear , which built the laser turret ; HYTEC Inc. , which made a variety of the weapon system 's structural elements ; and J.B. Henderson , which provides mechanical integration support .
Boeing leads the way in developing laser systems for a variety of Air Force , Army and Navy applications .
These include the Airborne Laser , the Free Electron Laser , the High Energy Laser Technology Demonstrator , Laser Avenger , the Re-deployable High Energy Laser System and the Tactical Relay Mirror System .
Enterprise computing is never straightforward - and neither is the advice around it .
Rare is the large organization whose PC or server operating systems come from a single vendor , and rarer still is the organization whose systems are all running exactly the same version of Microsoft 's Windows .
And if the software is difficult to negotiate , that 's nothing compared to the upgrade and downgrade rights and support entitlements accompanying Microsoft 's operating system .
Windows 7 will make the upgrade and downgrade rights soup even thicker , according to Gartner .
Michael Silver , a longtime Gartner analyst , warns of headaches for organizations migrating to Windows 7 from Windows XP - rather than from Windows Vista .
He said Microsoft is making it harder and more expensive for those who move from Windows XP to Windows 7 .
" Microsoft will probably get more money out of [ this policy ] , " he told Infoworld .
The devil is in the Windows 7 upgrade and downgrade rights .
According to Silver :
" Under Microsoft 's planned enterprise licensing rules , businesses that buy PCs before April 23 , 2010 , with Windows 7 pre-installed can downgrade them to Windows XP , then later upgrade them to Windows 7 when they 're ready to migrate their users .
But PCs bought on or after April 23 can only be downgraded to Vista - which is of no help for XP - based organizations , Silver notes - and could cause major headaches and add more costs to the Windows 7 migration effort . "
Microsoft has yet to make any public announcement about Windows 7 upgrade or downgrade rights , but according to Silver , Microsoft 's briefed him multiple times and has characterized this as a " public " policy .
An apparent Microsoft PowerPoint slide claims to provide proof .
If organizations are too slow to move during the six - month window , there 's a very good chance that Microsoft will try to tempt them with its Software Assurance program .
SA entitles subscribers to upgrades of products during the two - or three - year lifespan of their contract .
Organizations have steered clear of SA in the past because of the obvious catch : Upgrades are not guaranteed during the lifetime of your contract .
If you 'd bought SA in October 2003 with a view to getting the next version of Windows , for example , you'd be looking for your money back because Windows Vista only started to become available in November 2006 .
We 'll have to wait and see what finally shakes out of Microsoft this time .
Gartner has a history of saying things and giving advice on Windows that Microsoft would rather it did n't .
And if Microsoft 's silence on this is anything like the painful silence on when Windows 7 would ship , then there 's a very good chance that what Silver is saying is accurate .
The only odd thing is the timing .
Just last month , Silver and his colleague Stephen Kleynhans advised organizations to skip Windows Vista and jump straight to Windows 7 from Windows XP .
Have things changed so much in such short time , had Silver and Gartner not been briefed on the upgrade and downgrade rights at the last time of writing , or had they not read the fine print ?
Or is Garter keeping us in suspense ?
In some ways , the warning on Windows 7 upgrade and downgrade rights is Gartner 's advice on skipping Windows Vista coming home to roost with the customer getting caught out .
Times , it seems , change - and so does the advice as more facts emerge and Microsoft coughs up more information .
Nearly two years ago , about five months after Windows Vista launched , Gartner told people not to hold up Windows Vista roll - outs because it was n't clear when the successor would ship .
At the time Gartner cited Microsoft 's poor track record on meeting delivery dates .
" If the [ Windows 7 ] release date slips , enterprises will find it difficult to fully eliminate Windows XP before ISV and Microsoft support [ for Windows XP ] ends , " Gartner advised then .
Keeping up with Microsoft is difficult enough .
Knowing who to listen to is just as hard . ®
Eco Ways To Romance Your Partner
When it comes to romance do n’t just save it for Valentine ’s Day , living green provides plenty of opportunities to smother your significant other with two of the most important aspects of any romantic relationship : love and intimacy .
‘ Green ’ is the new ‘ red , ’ when it comes to romance and passion , so why not plan a sustainable surprise for your partner on a weekend when he / she least expects it ?
Here are some ideas that are sure to make your weekend a green ‘ Affair to Remember ! ’
1. Chocolates for your significant other
The Aztecs believed that chocolate had aphrodisiac qualities that invigorated men and made women feel less inhibited .
So if chocolates are your tried and tested method to whet your partner ’s taste buds then consider organic and sustainable brands like Dagoba or Green & Black .
2 . Plant a tree in your lover ’s name
What could possibly be more romantic ?
Nearly everyone is familiar with the idea of carving a lover ’s name on a tree .
Why just scratch the surface when you can memorialize your love by planting a tree in his or her name .
The tree will grow and flourish even as your love does .
You can plant trees in the name of your partner through nonprofit organizations such as Heifer International or Trees for Life International .
They will plant the trees in developing countries to help local villagers become more self - sufficient .
Or if you prefer your dollars stay closer to home , you can choose a company like TreeGivers.com that will plant your tree in the U.S. or Canada .
3. Breakfast in bed
Why bother with an expensive dinner out when snuggling up under a luxurious pure silk blanket is so much more romantic !
The weekends are always a great time to ‘ sleep in ’ .
So forget about your Saturday morning errands and indulge your partner with a decadent breakfast tray of fair trade coffee and organic strawberries dipped in honey , the “ nectar of Aphrodite ” ( Greek goddess of beauty and sexual rapture ) .
4. Generate electricity by saving energy
Now you already know that turning the thermostat can cut back on energy use .
So why not stay warm by snuggling together under the covers ?
It makes for a completely carbon - neutral way to heat things up , and by heat , I refer to the electricity created by you and your partner !
5 . A decadent home spa ritual to tickle your significant other ’s senses
The power of touch helps couples create a strong bond for lasting passion in their relationship .
So why not relax your partner with a sensual aromatherapy massage a la Yours Truly .
Use organic essential oils like lavender to create calm and rose to set the mood for passion .
6. Consider a sumptuous soak for two
Follow your aromatherapy massage with a sumptuous soak for two in an aromatic bath filled with fragrant flower petals .
Most florists throw away flowers at the end of the day .
So pop around to your local florist late on a Friday evening to see what they have left in stock .
Chances are , they will be only too happy to clear out their inventory .
Enhance the mood by decorating your bath area with soy or beeswax candles and pour some freshly squeezed fruit juice for two .
6 . Bike ride + picnic
Take time out to bike with your significant other to a secluded spot in the country , beach or nearby park .
Then spend a leisurely afternoon enjoying the summer weather and do n’t forget to take a picnic filled with organic foods that stimulate the senses just as much as the landscape does .
7. Sustainable Lingerie
If you simply want to stay in bed all day , then you might want to consider modeling some sustainable lingerie for an extra little piece of bedroom drama .
It ’s ultimately sexy and not even that expensive .
Try Enamore ’s sexy lingerie made from organic and sustainable materials like cotton , silk , and soy .
Or , try the French eco-friendly brand g=9.8 which creates sexy , colorful undergarments made from cultivated pine trees !
Please follow and like us :
Related
Hefter Law : Giving Voice to Your Legal Concerns
Austin personal injury lawyer Mark Hefter is an experienced and trusted legal advisor for businesses and individuals – giving voice to your legal concerns and putting your best interests above all else .
Our personal injury , business , construction and commercial clients have rights , and Mark Hefter is an experienced and respected Austin trial attorney dedicated to ensuring those rights are upheld .
We can help you navigate a complex legal system , secure rightful compensation for damages , and get you the results you deserve .
The theme of this issue is worker cooperative replication .
It addresses an issue which is central to the growth of the democratic worker cooperative movement .
How do we reproduce the success stories we have already achieved ?
That is , how do we replicate successful worker cooperatives in different locations ?
Worker Cooperative Replication
The Replication of Arizmendi Bakery : A Model of the Democratic Worker Cooperative Movement By Joe Marraffino , Arizmendi Development and Support Cooperative
Arizmendi's Secret , 12 minute documentary on Don Jose Arizmendiarrieta , Mondragon and the San Francisco Bay Area 's Arizmendi bakery cooperatives , by Phil Murphy
Cooperative Replication at WAGES By Joel Schoening , Shippensburg U .
Free Geek , a Computer Recycler : Testing the Limits of Reproducing Worker - Managed Enterprises By Jim Johnson , GEO Collective
Spinning into Control : Inkworks Press spins off Design Action Collective By Innosanto Nagara , Design Action
Reviews
A Review of " The Shock Doctrine " by Naomi Klein By Lisa Stolarski
There 's a lot going on this year in solidarity economics - be sure to check out our updated calendar of events .
Get involved with GEO !
If you have articles , pictures , or graphics on worker cooperatives and solidarity economics that you 'd like to contribute , we want to hear from you .
I 'll end Labour 's Big Brother state : Cameron vows to scrap intrusive laws
Public access : David Cameron pledged to open up information held by the government
David Cameron will repeal a raft of laws that have eroded civil liberties under plans for the first days of a Conservative government .
The Tory leader yesterday warned Labour has created a ' control state ' with sweeping powers to intrude into people 's private lives .
Officials now have more than 1,000 reasons to knock on doors and demand to enter homes , he said , making the UK more like a ' foreign dictatorship or bygone age ' than a modern democracy .
Mr Cameron also attacked ID cards , blanket stop - andsearch powers , creeping extensions to the national DNA database , extradition abroad without evidence of wrongdoing and the erosion of the right to trial by jury .
The Mail has learned that the Tories will pledge in their election manifesto to bring in a single ' repeal bill ' to scrap contentious elements of terrorism and crime legislation .
This is expected to include laws on ID cards , detention without charge , stop and search policing and powers allowing councils to spy on homes and businesses .
In a speech at Imperial College London yesterday , Mr Cameron said : ' Today we are in danger of living in a control state .
Almost a million innocent citizens are caught in the web of the biggest DNA database in the world - larger than that of any dictatorship .
' Hundreds of shadowy powers allow officials to force their way past your front door , and soon we will be forced to surrender our fingerprints , eye scans and personal information to intrusive compulsory ID cards .
' Every month over a thousand surveillance operations are carried out , not just by law enforcement agencies but by other public bodies like councils and quangos .
' The tentacles of the state can even rifle through your bins for juicy information . '
Mr Cameron said there were now ' serious questions ' about the quality of justice in Britain .
Labour had repeatedly launched moves to remove the role of juries in fraud trials , coroners ' inquests and other criminal trials , he said .
He pointed out that Britain now allows extradition to a range of countries that do not have to produce proper evidence that the accused has committed a crime .
He said : ' We will review the operation of the Extradition
Act and the U.S. / UK extradition treaty to make sure it is evenhanded and works both ways . '
Mr Cameron promised to change the Criminal Justice Act 2003 to strengthen the right to trial by jury .
He also pledged to change the law that allows councils to snoop over trivial matters .
The legislation has given almost 800 public bodies the power to carry out surveillance and intercept communications .
Councils launched nearly 10,000 spying missions last year , even for petty offences such as dog fouling .
The Tory leader said he plans to review Section 44 of the Terrorism Act , which gives the police the power to stop and search anyone on the street .
Officers made more than 120,000 such searches last year - a threefold increase on the year before - yet only 1 per cent led to an arrest , let alone charges or convictions .
Mr Cameron said that the tactic was being so seriously misused that one woman had been stopped for walking on a cycle path .
He added that a Tory government would seek to rebalance the relationship between the individual and the state by opening up information held by the Government .
The latest information on hospital and school league tables and police performance would be published regularly on the internet , he said .
Mr Cameron added : 'A Conservative government would constantly ask two essential questions :
Does this action enhance personal freedom , and does it advance political accountability ? '
Shami Chakrabarti , director of Liberty , said : ' Mr Cameron 's support for the right to a fair trial and the right to privacy is heartening and his plans to scrap ID cards , review snooping powers and remove innocents from the DNA database are to be commended .
' Human rights are universal and inalienable - we must never take them for granted . '
Internet sharing between your iPhone and your computer is available for users with Internet tethering set up on the device and a data plan that includes the additional bandwidth used during the tethering process .
Although sharing can be achieved by Bluetooth , the iPhone 's USB cable acts as a direct connection between the devices .
Your iPhone will alert you if tethering is not included in your data plan and will redirect you to your cellular account for the setup process .
Touch the Settings button on the iPhone 's home screen , the General tab and the Network tab in the General window .
Touch the switch on the Internet Tethering tab to enable the feature .
Insert the USB end of the iPhone cable into the computer 's USB slot located on the back or side of your computer .
Insert the remaining end into the dock port on the iPhone .
Open your Network Preferences located in System Preferences on your Macintosh computer , or click the Start menu button on your PC and click " Network " in the pop - up menu .
Select " iPhone " from the list of available network connections , and follow the network setup wizard to complete the iPhone tethering setup process .
Open your Internet browser to begin sharing the Internet between your iPhone and your computer .
A blue band will be displayed at the top of the iPhone 's screen to signify it is connected to your computer .
When Green Day were preparing to release American Idiot – the album that went further than any other mainstream release in criticising the US government , and which went on to sell 12 m copies – lead singer Billie Joe Armstrong openly criticised the rightwing media .
He singled out Rupert Murdoch 's hilarious yet terrifying Fox News Network as the source of his scorn .
In the title track the band mocked the media parade , imploring listeners to " do the propaganda " , to " sing along to the age of paranoia " .
But as Joe Strummer once said , he who fu…sorry , fraternises with nuns " will later join the church " .
This certainly seems to be the case with Green Day , who last week signed a world exclusive deal with Murdoch 's Sun newspaper to stream 21st Century Breakdown , the Californian trio 's latest album .
The Sun does paranoia and propaganda better than most .
Whether it 's celebrating the death of enemy soldiers , vilifying strikers and " scroungers " or raising a fuss about the perversities of Johnny Foreigner , the tabloid invariably has the first word on the lowest common denominator .
21st Century Breakdown – which I have heard and believe will one day be seen as a masterpiece – takes a different stance to Murdoch 's red top .
It features characters who speak of class war , getting so high they can't stand up , and wearing rubber coats for the nuclear winter .
The album contains no songs with titles such as Asylum Seeker Prostitute Beds Hoody With A Woody And Gives Birth To Baby Scrounger With Knives For Hands .
This , of course , is not the end of the world , and anybody with sense knows to trust the art rather than the artist .
Just like Bruce Springsteen signing an exclusive deal with the militantly anti-union Wal - Mart chain , Green Day sacrificing integrity for exposure is merely a shame .
But given that 21st Century Breakdown will almost certainly be 2009's bestselling release , it is a decision that is also unnecessary .
There is an absolutely stellar article in the New York Times about Dr. Richard Wrangham ’s essay “ Catching Fire . ”
Go read it now .
If you finish it and want to know even more , like I did , go read the Slate review as well .
For those of you tweaked out on the internet with no patience , let me hit you with a key blockquote to get us started :
Apes began to morph into humans , and the species Homo erectus emerged some two million years ago , Mr. Wrangham argues , for one fundamental reason :
We learned to tame fire and heat our food .
“ Cooked food does many familiar things , ” he observes .
“ It makes our food safer , creates rich and delicious tastes and reduces spoilage .
Heating can allow us to open , cut or mash tough foods .
But none of these advantages is as important as a little - appreciated aspect : cooking increases the amount of energy our bodies obtain from food . ”
He continues : “ The extra energy gave the first cooks biological advantages .
They survived and reproduced better than before .
Their genes spread .
Their bodies responded by biologically adapting to cooked food , shaped by natural selection to take maximum advantage of the new diet .
There were changes in anatomy , physiology , ecology , life history , psychology and society . ”
Put simply , Mr. Wrangham writes that eating cooked food — whether meat or plants or both — made digestion easier , and thus our guts could grow smaller .
The energy that we formerly spent on digestion ( and digestion requires far more energy than you might imagine ) was freed up , enabling our brains , which also consume enormous amounts of energy , to grow larger .
The warmth provided by fire enabled us to shed our body hair , so we could run farther and hunt more without overheating .
Because we stopped eating on the spot as we foraged and instead gathered around a fire , we had to learn to socialize , and our temperaments grew calmer .
Whoa .
Now , this whole idea has particular resonance for me and on multiple levels , but first let me just note something : my first job that was n’t working for one of my parents was as a dish washer at a ritzy country club .
There were no prices on the menus , twenty - dollar cocktails and little tupperwares of butter that cost more than my weekly salary .
This place was the tops .
One day one of the chefs turned to me and , while laughing , said , “ You know , I have the most primitive job in the world . ”
I asked him what the heck he meant as he seared a preposterously thick filet mignon with imported herbs .
“ What I mean , ” he answered , “ is that it is my job to stick animal flesh into fire . ”
I do n’t think he knew at the time he was postulating an anthropological breakthrough .
Image Source Flickr user St_Gleam
Wrangham ’s theory is brilliant , postulates a lot of “ if / then ” scenarios that can be tested against various fields of research ( evo-bio , archeology , etc. ) to see if they further explain or further obfuscate the vagaries of human evolution , and is readily graspable by the average armchair scientist ( me ) .
I was trying to turn this over in my head to get to the implications when I read the Slate review and realized they ’d done it for me :
This is a fantastically weird way of looking at evolutionary change .
Basic evolutionary theory teaches us that our physical selves are shaped by a genetic lottery in a cruel world .
Random mutations in DNA change our biology , affecting anything from what we look like to how our immune systems work .
The environment then selects who will go on to live and reproduce .
But if cooking pushed us across a species threshold , it means that our biology is also shaped in completely unintended ways by cultural innovations .
The impact of culture on biology was first proposed in the late 19th century by philosopher and psychologist James Baldwin , but it ’s only in very recent times that exciting experimental work has tried to gauge the evolutionary effects of behaviors , like language and domestication .
In the case of cooking , Wrangham ’s proposal counters a universal human understanding of how the world works .
Claude Levi-Strauss observed that most human cultures draw a line between nature and culture , thinking of one as raw and the other as cooked .
Humans — whether they are hunter - gatherers , friends of the earth , or company officers of Archer Daniels Midland — reliably see themselves as the chefs controlling the transformation .
But if Wrangham is right , this simple way of seeing things becomes oddly blurred :
If cooking transforms nature , and cooking changed us , then human nature is … cooked ?
I love love love that last bit .
I have a suspicion - as I do with all “ this one thing changed everything ” theories - that Wrangham ’s theory is the supreme example Baldwin might have been looking for , but not the lone catalyst .
What if we consider cooking , language , and domestication together as aspects of the extended human phenotype , that is , as our technologies ?
If we lump them together , noting that all three potentially occurred among habilus to some degree or another and served as the force that pushed habilus to become erectus , well , then things become a bit more interesting .
We can rephrase the if / then from above as , “ If technology transforms nature , and technology changed us , then human nature is … technological ? ”
The logic holds .
What is so staggering about this revelation is that it means humans are not the product of evolution the way other primates are in that humans , should Wrangham ’s theory hold , are the evolutionary result of technological pressure and selection on a species .
Erectus evolved from habilus due to technology and , concurrently , sapiens evolved as a species maximized to use technology .
So , if technology is natural , and we ( Homo sapiens sapiens ) are a natural product of technology , then whither the boundary between the two ?
Is it us ?
Every debate I engage in , every discussion I have about some abomination of transhumanist thought ( i.e. steroids , cloning , immorality - take your pick ) , I just try to work backwards along the scale .
Cloning is bad ?
What about twins ?
IVF ?
What about neo-natal units ?
Ultrasound ?
Nutrition guides ?
Medical expertise and assistance ?
Sanitary living and birthing conditions ?
It inevitably regresses back to Clan of the Cave Bear .
My point is that the bioconservative reaction of “ it ’s unnatural ” has always been untenable due to this infinite regress , but Wrangham ’s theory does one better : it shows that humans have never been natural , they ’ve always been aided and evolutionarily influenced by technology .
And if that ’s the case , well then , not only have we never been natural , but we ’ve always been something else , a species whose very evolution is intertwined with the technologies it produces .
Homo sapiens sapiens is naturally technological .
In a word : transhuman .
To be human , it would seem , is to be transhuman .
I need to sit on this for a while longer , but expect some explications using Foucault , Grosz , Haraway , Firestone , Freud and Merleau - Ponty in the near future .
Just a few hours ago I was doing every “ Star Trek ” fan a favor …I was asking screenwriters Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman what they were planning on doing in the sequel to the biggest film of the year .
Yes , you read that right .
“ Star Trek ” is the biggest domestic release with over $ 235 million dollars at the box office !
Anyway , the reason I got to ask them some questions is not only did they write “ Trek ” , but they also wrote the first “ Transformers ” movie and co-wrote the sequel .
So at todays press junket for the second “ Giant F*cking Robot Movie ” , I managed to land another exclusive interview with two of the busiest writers in town and we talked about everything .
In fact , we covered so many subjects that I ’m breaking the interview into two parts .
In today ’s post I ’ve got everything they said on the “ Star Trek ” sequel and “ Cowboys and Aliens ” , and in the next one , expect info on their other movies , “ Fringe ” , and “ Transformers Revenge of the Fallen ” .
But let ’s get to why you ’re here … ” Star Trek ” .
And it ’s all after the jump :
While I can often sum up everything that was talked about , if you ’re a fan of director J.J. Abrams “ Star Trek ” , this is one of those must watch interviews .
Especially seven minutes in till the end .
But if you just want to know some highlights …
They do n’t know if J.J. is directing the sequel – he ’s still undecided
They want to finish the sequel script by Christmas
Paramount wants to make the film as soon as possible
They ’ve been reading what the fans have been saying online
And here ’s the big info :
If you watched my “ Star Trek ” video blog with Peter from Slashfilm , we discussed what we wanted to see in a sequel .
I brought up what we talked about and asked Bob and Alex what kind of villain we ’d get in the sequel .
I also asked if they ’d set anything up in part two that might pay off in another film .
They say they ’re debating between “ the exploration sci - fi plot where the unknown and nature itself is somehow an adversary or the villain model .
That ’s an active discussion we ’re having right now .
In terms of thinking about more than one movie , we want the movie to be self - contained in a way , but we ’re discussing the idea of having a couple of threads where if the second movie works , you could pick up into a cohesive whole .
No thread more exciting and shocking for me when in “ Star Trek III ” you realize that Spock grabbed Bones and downloaded his Katra into him .
When I saw “ Star Trek II ” I was like , “ What ’s going on here ? ” and two years later , you ’re watching it and you ’re like “ They ’re geniuses !
They ’re geniuses ! ”
So we ’re trying to think is there a version of that but again , “ Star Trek II ” does not rely on that thread , even though it turns out to be a thread .
So we ’re thinking in those terms . ”
What that means is , we might get the “ Star Trek ” film I so desperately want .
I ’m tired of the typical “ Star Trek ” movie villain .
The person bent on destruction and not willing to listen to reason .
I want the crew of the Enterprise to have to use their ingenuity and skill to solve a big problem and the way Bob and Alex were talking , that might be the direction they ’re going .
Obviously they have n’t written anything yet , so who knows .
But the fact that they ’re even putting the idea forward is awesome .
The other movie we talked about is “ Cowboys and Aliens ” and they gave me a brief update on the status .
Finally , right before “ Star Trek ” came out I spoke to Bob and Alex and we had a great conversation .
If you missed it , you can watch it here .
We reference that interview at the beginning of this one .
Here ’s Bob and Alex .
Below the interview are the bullet points of every subject we discussed .
Look for the next part Sunday or Monday .
two quick things .
Give it time to load and you might have to raise the volume in the player to 100 % .
It ’s set to 50 % right now .
You can stop wondering what exactly is powering the new Zune HD .
On the official Zune Insider podcast , host Matt Akers confirmed the rumors : yep , it 's rocking a Tegra .
No surprise , that announcement came with a heap of praise for NVIDIA 's chip , so much so it 's almost painful to listen .
" So sick , so much better battery life , graphics acceleration .
This thing is like a mini laptop in your hand , right , it 's so awesome . "
We 'll have to see about that for ourselves ( in September , maybe ? ) , but we are indeed encouraged by the news .
Hear it for yourself just below .
[ Thanks , Jon ]
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Former Vice President Dick Cheney said Monday that he does not believe Saddam Hussein was involved in the planning or execution of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks .
Former Vice President Dick Cheney says Saddam Hussein " provided sanctuary ... and resources to terrorists . "
He strongly defended the Bush administration 's decision to invade Iraq , however , arguing that Hussein 's previous support for known terrorists was a serious danger after 9/11 .
Cheney , in an appearance at the National Press Club , also said he is intent on speaking out in defense of the Bush administration 's national security record because " a clear understanding of policies that worked [ in protecting the United States ] is essential . "
" I do not believe and have never seen any evidence to confirm that [ Hussein ] was involved in 9/11 .
We had that reporting for a while , [ but ] eventually it turned out not to be true , " Cheney conceded .
But Hussein was " somebody who provided sanctuary and safe harbor and resources to terrorists .
... [ It ] is , without question , a fact . "
Cheney restated his claim that " there was a relationship between al Qaeda and Iraq that stretched back 10 years .
It 's not something I made up .
...
We know for a fact that Saddam Hussein was a sponsor -- a state sponsor -- of terror .
It 's not my judgment .
That was the judgment of our [ intelligence community ] and State Department . "
The former vice president said in 2004 that the evidence was " overwhelming " that al Qaeda had a relationship with Hussein 's regime in Iraq , and that media reports suggesting that the commission investigating the 9/11 attacks reached a contradictory conclusion were " irresponsible . "
" There clearly was a relationship .
It 's been testified to .
The evidence is overwhelming , " Cheney said at the time .
" It goes back to the early '90s .
It involves a whole series of contacts , high - level contacts with Osama bin Laden and Iraqi intelligence officials . "
On Monday , though , Cheney identified former CIA Director George Tenet as the " prime source of information " on the relationship between Iraq and al Qaeda .
Tenet " testified , if you go back and check the record , in the fall of [ 2002 ] before the Senate Intelligence Committee -- in open session -- that there was a relationship , " Cheney said .
Hussein was captured by U.S. forces in Iraq in December 2003 .
In November 2006 , the former Iraqi leader was convicted of crimes against humanity and sentenced to death .
He was executed the following December .
Cheney said on June 17 , 2004 that the evidence was " overwhelming " that al Qaeda had a relationship with Hussein 's regime in Iraq , and said media reports suggesting that the 9/11 commission has reached a contradictory conclusion were " irresponsible . "
Among other things Monday , Cheney also called the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , detention center a " good facility ... if you are going to be engaged in a world conflict , such as we are , in terms of global war on terrorism .
You know , if you do n't have a place where you can hold these people , the only other option is to kill them .
And we do n't operate that way . "
Watch what Cheney has to say about the detention facility »
He reiterated his call for President Obama to declassify documents detailing the results of " enhanced interrogations " of high - value detainees .
Since Obama has already released memos detailing the interrogation methods , Cheney said , it is important to share the results of those interrogations with the public as well .
" I would not ordinarily be leading the charge to declassify classified information , otherwise they would n't call me Darth Vader for nothing , " Cheney said .
But " once the [ Obama ] administration released the legal memos that gave the opinions that were used to guide the interrogation program , they 'd given away the store .
... I [ therefore ] thought it was important to have the results that were gained from that interrogation program front and center as well . "
On May 14 , the CIA rejected the former vice president 's request to declassify the documents .
CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano , in a written statement , said the two documents are the subject of pending lawsuits and therefore cannot be declassified .
Cheney said Monday that the memos previously released also were the subject of ongoing lawsuits .
He said Obama can release the additional documents with " the stroke of a pen . "
On May 21 , Cheney gave a full - throated defense of the Bush administration 's enhanced interrogations of al Qaeda prisoners during an appearance at the conservative American Enterprise Institute .
He has said that the interrogations saved the lives of " thousands , perhaps hundreds of thousands . "
He called the techniques the Bush administration approved " legal , essential , justified , successful and the right thing to do . "
All About Guantanamo Bay • Barack Obama • Dick Cheney
The Pentagon is funding a company called Robotic Technology , whose main project is developing an autonomous robot called EATR that fuels itself on " biomass . "
This biomass could include vegetation , paper , and even corpses on the battlefield .
Advertisement
EATR stands for " Energetically Autonomous Tactical Robot , " referring to the way this robot will forage for its own power sources rather than having to return to base and power up .
Though the EATR is still in the experimental stage , Robotic Technology has high hopes for the robot .
In a project spec , company representatives describe EATR as :
An autonomous robotic platform able to perform long - range , long - endurance missions without the need for manual or conventional re-fueling , which would otherwise preclude the ability of the robot to perform such missions .
The system obtains its energy by foraging – engaging in biologically - inspired , organism - like , energy - harvesting behavior which is the equivalent of eating .
It can find , ingest , and extract energy from biomass in the environment ( and other organically - based energy sources ) , as well as use conventional and alternative fuels ( such as gasoline , heavy fuel , kerosene , diesel , propane , coal , cooking oil , and solar ) when suitable .
For example , about 150 lbs of vegetation could provide sufficient energy for 100 miles of driving , depending on circumstances .
Advertisement
Of course there are no explicit mentions made of dead bodies here - FOX News came up with that meme - but " biomass " could include organic matter like dead animals .
Though breaking down plant matter into fuel is a slightly different proposition than breaking down rotting corpses .
Still , there is another potential reason why the EATR could turn to corpse - gnawing .
It is going to learn from its environment using a form of artificial intelligence , and figure out what is good to eat .
The founder of Robotic Technology , Robert Finkelstein , has described the kind of artificial collective intelligence he hopes to imbue the EATRs with :
The 4D / RCS is a framework in which sensors , sensor processing , databases , computer models , and machine controls may be linked and operated such that the system behaves as if it were intelligent .
It can provide a system with several types of intelligence ( where intelligence is the ability to make an appropriate choice or decision ) , including reactive , deliberative , and creative intelligence . . .
We are experimenting with a unique approach to achieving swarm behavior and distributed artificial intelligence by partitioning the 4D / RCS among individuals in the collective .
In the concept of the Cognitive Collective , THE 4D / RCS is partitioned among multiple robotic vehicles and then reassembled across the collective .
This allows robots which are individually reactive with limited intelligence to become deliberative and cognitive within the collective ; or robots which are individually deliberative to gain greater intelligence and efficacy within the collective .
Advertisement
This kind of " collective intelligence " is similar to what AI enthusiasts also imagine might emerge from something like Google , which has vast , distributed computing power .
Are we looking at the beginnings of a human - eating , artificially intelligent robot swarm ?
Possibly .
Or we might just be looking at a bunch of dumb , programmable vegetarians who do n't need to dock in order to stay powered up .
Advertisement
via Robotic Technology
My recent entries here hit a nerve in fellow p5per Steffen Müller .
In a comment on 's Guide to CPAN Needed , Steffen claims that my arguments are " pie - in - the - sky fantasies " from someone who " has done nothing but finger - pointing " .
That 's a dangerous line of thought when addressing criticism of a software project .
I can imagine a fair few people wondering when the Perl 5.10 performance regression when assigning a list from @_ , patched in January 2008 will ever be present in a release version of Perl .
( It 's doubly amusing , in a very sad way , when one of the excuses for avoiding regular releases of Perl 5 is that " We just ca n't cause regressions ! " and when Red Hat gets pilloried for a somewhat rarer Perl 5 performance regression . )
Is pointing out that a patch for a known performance regression languishing , unreleased , in bleadperl for 17 months a problem ?
Is that criticism dismissible from everyone who is n't currently a Perl 5 committer or the maintainer of a core module ?
Perl 5.10.1 could have come out on 07 January 2008 with only that patch and been an improvement over Perl 5.10 .
There is no shortage of minor version numbers .
There are no API changes .
There are no backwards compatibility concerns .
( I do n't know if the smokes were clean on all target release platforms , but given that the patch is very simple ; most of it is moving code a few lines , I believe that 's a low risk . )
Yet Perl 5.10.1 still has n't come out , seventeen months later -- and imagine the furor if a downstream Perl distributor applied the patch and something went wrong .
In what universe is it a good thing that a trivially fixable performance regression affects more and more people every day when it could have been fixed three weeks after Perl 5.10 's release -- before it had affected anyone besides early adopters .
Imagine applying the same line of reasoning ( " Your criticism is wrongheaded and useless " ) to anyone who said " If the Switch module is dangerous and not recommended , why not remove it from the core ? "
( Fortunately , it is on the docket for deprecation and eventual removal . )
Imagine applying the same line of reasoning to everyone who says " You know , Perl 5 really could use optional function signatures , or Perl 5 could use a declarative syntax for classes .
That 's what bothers me most about Steffan 's comment ; it elevates " plain old hackers " above people with ideas , questions , concerns , and the desire to improve the efficacy of other plain old hackers .
Yet if it takes a core hacker to make these arguments , permit me a biblical allusion to Philippians 3:5 to answer the silly charges of " Philosophy and project management and advocacy and education and writing documentation are all worthless ; you should write code ! "
As of last Friday , I owned more of bleadperl than Steffan .
( Yes , this is a stupid comparison , because .... )
I wrote a huge amount of tests for the core and standard library in the early 2000s when we quadrupled the number of tests between Perl 5.6 and 5.8 .
( A lot of that work does n't show up in the silly line - number Internet measuring contest link in the previous item because I wrote those tests for many other people who have taken over maintenance -- this is exactly what you expect when you write tests . )
I wrote the original version of Test : : Builder upon which nearly all modern Perl testing exists -- including the testing used to demonstrate the core 's stability .
I co-wrote the book on Perl Testing .
As linked earlier , I grew tired of suggesting that someone add the class keyword to Perl 5 and added it myself ( though sadly , the patch was rejected ) .
keyword to Perl 5 and added it myself ( though sadly , the patch was rejected ) .
I backported the yadda - yadda - yadda operators from Perl 6 to Perl 5 and implemented DOES .
.
I can predict , to the day , the next 25 stable releases of Parrot , including the releases where we will have removed deprecated features and the releases we expect downstream distributions to package and distribute .
( I believe -- and I believe most , if not all Parrot committers also believe -- that the policy of stable monthly releases saved the project from almost certain irrelevance . )
I do n't mean to disparage anyone else 's contributions -- far from that , I believe that everyone who 's reported a bug , suggested a change to the wording of the documentation , or posted the results of a test run has just as much right to voice concerns about a project as a core developer .
That does n't mean my critcisms or concerns are accurate or correct or useful .
They could be wrong .
I welcome corrections , if so .
Yet there 's something deeply wrong with a release process that lets known and fixed problems that almost every Perl 5.10 program will encounter linger for years , especially when fixing them is trivial .
You should n't have to be a pumpking to be able to say that .
PyMVPA is a Python package intended to ease statistical learning analyses of large datasets .
It offers an extensible framework with a high - level interface to a broad range of algorithms for classification , regression , feature selection , data import and export .
It is designed to integrate well with related software packages , such as scikit - learn , shogun , MDP , etc .
While it is not limited to the neuroimaging domain , it is eminently suited for such datasets .
PyMVPA is free software and requires nothing but free - software to run .
PyMVPA stands for MultiVariate Pattern Analysis ( MVPA ) in Python .
Contributing ¶
We welcome all kinds of contributions , and you do not need to be a programmer to contribute !
If you have some feature in mind that is missing , some example use case that you want to share , you spotted a typo in the documentation , or you have an idea how to improve the user experience all together – do not hesitate and contact us .
We will then figure out how your contribution can be best incorporated .
Any contributor will be acknowledged and will appear in the list of people who have helped to develop PyMVPA on the front - page of the pymvpa.org .
License¶ PyMVPA is free - software ( beer and speech ) and covered by the MIT License .
This applies to all source code , documentation , examples and snippets inside the source distribution ( including this website ) .
Please see the appendix of the manual for the copyright statement and the full text of the license .
Acknowledgements ¶
We are greatful to the developers and contributers of NumPy , SciPy and IPython for providing an excellent Python - based computing environment .
Additionally , as PyMVPA makes use of a lot of external software packages ( e.g. classifier implementations ) , we want to acknowledge the authors of the respective tools and libraries ( e.g. LIBSVM , MDP , scikit - learn , Shogun ) and thank them for developing their packages as free and open source software .
Finally , we would like to express our acknowledgements to the Debian project for providing us with hosting facilities for mailing lists and source code repositories .
But most of all for developing the universal operating system .
Grant support¶ PyMVPA development was supported , in part , by the following research grants .
This list includes grants funding development of specific algorithm implementations in PyMVPA , as well as grants supporting individuals to work on PyMVPA : German Federal Ministry of Education and Research BMBF 01GQ11112 German federal state of Saxony - Anhalt Project : Center for Behavioral Brain Sciences German Academic Exchange Service PPP -USA D/05/504/7 McDonnel Foundation US National Institutes of Mental Health 5R01MH075706
F32MH085433-01A1 US
National Science Foundation NSF 1129764
Hankering for an SSD that 's as big as your traditional HDD ?
So is Intel , or so we hear .
In fact , we 've been hearing whispers that a capacious 320 GB solid state drive was in the works since January , and now those whispers have been upgraded to library - like voices .
According to the generally reliable Golum , Intel 's so - called Postville SSD family is well on its way to reality , and with them should come much needed price drops .
The new series should top out at 320 GB , with an 80GB and 160 GB version falling underneath .
Word on the street has it that both of the smaller two will be around $ 100 cheaper than the same - sized X25 - M drives , though there 's been no leaks on the 320 GB model 's MSRP .
Still , Intel has a golden opportunity here if it'll just get these things to market -- a cheap ( er ) SSD with a brand name like Intel could blow the solid state market wide open .
[ Thanks , Marius
While millions of jobless Americans struggle to pay their bills , said Kimi Yoshino in the Los Angeles Times , " others have found a silver lining in the economic meltdown " — " funemployment . "
A new breed of " happily jobless " 20 - and 30 - somethings is forgoing the job hunt for travel , golf , and the beach , thanks to severance packages , unemployment checks , or parental largesse .
Funemployment may sound " frivolous , " but this mix of " narcissism " and backlash against the corporate world is a statement about America today .
Sounds great , said Hamilton Nolan in Gawker , as long as you have " a benefactor who 's a steady stream of cash . "
If not , what ?
You 're " unemployed and forced into prostitution in order to buy flour " ?
Trust me , you 're not the only one who wants to " get gangsters to dispose of the linguist who coined ' funemployment , ' then flee to live on a houseboat barge . "
" Funemployment .
Paycation .
The unemploymentality , " said Peter Jamison in San Francisco Weekly .
Every generation has " an argot to describe the confusing terrain of joblessness . "
And the so - called millennial generation 's " weirdly upbeat " word " speaks volumes " about how this well - fed , well - organized age group is dealing with the worst downturn since the 1930s — the " young and funemployed " are taking the time to relax and " find themselves , " but many also volunteer or self - educate .
Israeli Soldiers Provide Shocking Testimony Report Paints Damning Picture of Gaza Campaign
Israel has claimed that everything was done to protect innocent lives during its recent military operation in the Gaza Strip .
But according to statements from Israeli soldiers there were malicious acts of destruction , white phosphorus was used and civilians were deliberately targeted .
Guys like hot women and guys like mixed martial arts .
So I figure if you put those two things together it ’s a winning combination , Hot women who fight MMA .
Please enjoy this collection of the hottest female fighters of MMA .
Erin Toughill
Toughill is a mixed martial artist and boxer .
She says she originally got into martial arts “ so that I could have a positive outlet for my aggression ” .
Toughill took up kickboxing at the age of 18 , then Brazilian jiu jitsu two years later .
She started as a professional fighter back in 1999 , under the care of her trainer Sean McCully .
She got the cool name and the good looks and she can kick your ass .
Kyra Gracie
Kyra Gracie learned at an early age that instead of breaking up with a boyfriend , it was easier just to choke him out .
It taught them to never mess with her again … except for the ones who were into that sort of thing .
Born in Rio de Janerio into the famous Gracie family .
If you get past her you certainly wo n’t get past her family .
Michelle Waterson
Meet Michelle Waterson , a Thai martial artist and model who is one of the hottest girls to watch out for in MMA right now .
Born in Denver , Colorado .
Coming from
Thai origin , she has made a special place for herself in both the MMA arena and national television .
She has been training for martial arts for over eleven years .
Do n’t mess with this Thai hottie .
Felice “ Lil Bulldog ” Herrig
Herrig fights by boxing , kick boxing , and Muay Thai .
She is the 2005 and 2006 IKF Woman ’s Bantamweight North American Champion , 2006 W.A.K.O. Woman ’s Bantamweight National Champion and 2007 W.A.K.O. Woman ’s Bantamweight National Champion .
Her current record is 20 W 3L 1D with 4 KOs .
She is currently on the St. Louis Enforcers team in the World Combat League .
She also appeared on Fight Girls in 2007 on the Oxygen Channel and won her fight in Thailand against a champion Thai fighter .
Felice lost her professional Mixed Martial Arts Debut fight in UWC ’s “ Man 0 War ” fight card in a split decision .
Do n’t let that make you not afraid of her !
Visit our friends at Chicago ’s MMA for more on Lil Bulldog .
Gina “ Conviction ” Carano
She is an American mixed martial arts fighter , specializing in Muay Thai .
Carano also appeared as the Gladiator “ Crush ” on American Gladiators .
She has been referred to as the “ face of women ’s MMA ” .
She was profiled in a feature story for the ESPN series E:60 , and was voted “ Hottest Woman In America ” by Big Biz Magazine in the Spring 2008 issue .
On May 13 , 2008 , “ Gina Carano ” was the fastest - rising search on Google and third most searched person on Yahoo !
The comedy actor Mollie Sugden died today at the age of 86 after a long illness .
Yorkshire - born Sugden was best known for playing Mrs Slocombe in long - running BBC sitcom Are You Being Served ? , a role later reprised for Grace and Favour .
She died at the Royal Surrey hospital with her twin sons , Robin and Simon Moore , at her bedside , according to her agent Joan Reddin .
One of a select bunch of British performers to achieve national treasure status , Sugden was renowned for her portrayal of fearsome battleaxes .
The first of such roles to achieve acclaim was as Mrs Hutchinson in The Liver Birds , a series so popular it was revived in the late 90s using the original cast .
She was the star of many other comedies , including Come Back Mrs Noah , That 's My Boy and My Husband And I , which she made with her husband .
But it was as the bossy sales lady Betty Slocombe in Are You Being Served ?
that she was best known .
The long - running , innuendo - laden television comedy was such a hit that a feature film was made based on the series , and it was successfully exported to America .
Every episode Sugden sported a different hair colour and continually harped on about her " pussy " .
Born in Keighley , West Yorkshire , in 1922 , Sugden studied drama at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in London , where she took three major awards in one year .
But success did not come quickly and she spent many years in repertory up and down the country .
It was in 1956 , while she was working for Swansea Rep at the Grand Theatre , earning about £ 12 a week , that she met her husband , the Coronation Street actor William Moore .
The couple came to be regarded as one of the establishments of showbusiness , with a marriage that had stood the test of time , until Moore died in 2000 .
Advertisement
Windows only :
If you have n't made the leap to Windows 7 but you 're envious of its awesome window docking and resizing features , grab PowerResizer to bring them to your current version of Windows .
PowerResizer sports a variety of features that make window management easier on XP or Vista .
There are keyboard shortcuts for a variety of windows movement and resizing tasks .
Pressing keyboard shortcuts while moving a window allows you to dock it to the various edges and corners of your monitor .
There are also keyboard shortcuts for resizing windows to various divisions of the screen size , like a quarter of the screen .
Advertisement
The feature that really makes PowerResizer stand out , however , is dynamic resizing .
Once you 've placed your program windows where you want them , rather than docking and resizing all of them again to change one of them , you can simply start reshaping it and all the others will automatically scale themselves to fit around the window you are resizing .
PowerResizer is freeware , Windows only .
PowerResizer [ via MakeUseOf ]
Prairie Village , Kan .
Back in grade school our teachers would take us to the statehouse in Topeka , Kan. , and maneuver us in front of John Steuart Curry 's terrifying mural of John Brown , trying to make abolitionism seem fresh and vivid .
But we were children of the 1970s and knew that slavery was a brutish subject from long ago .
This was the modern world .
If we thought about such things at all , we understood that the concerns of our time were matters like inflation and the Problem of Conformity .
Over the intervening years , however , bonded labor has made a comeback , spotted by journalists in places like Saipan .
And now it has apparently come all the way home , from the exotic periphery to the beige office building you pass every day in your air - conditioned sedan .
On May 27 , a federal grand jury indictment was unsealed accusing a group of 12 people , mainly Uzbekistanis along with a company called Giant Labor Solutions , of running a labor trafficking ring in Kansas City , Mo. , and its suburbs .
If the indictment is to be believed , the scam involved the same sort of debt - bondage tricks that have pushed workers elsewhere into servitude for years .
The way it allegedly worked was this :
The Kansas City ring recruited hundreds of workers from Jamaica , the Philippines , and the Dominican Republic with promises of visas through the federal H - 2B seasonal worker program .
To get the process started , however , the indictment says that workers had to pay the accused racketeers hefty fees .
Excessive demand , even from a small section of your network , will slow or cripple the Internet performance of all your computers .
If you ’ve had to forcibly reboot a stuck machine or simply suffer from repeated complaints of slow connections , you know the problem .
Purchasing more bandwidth does not solve it , as experience shows unrestricted traffic will always expand to use the bandwidth available !
Wir im Forum DDR Grenze befassen uns mit der ehemaligen Staatsgrenze zu DDR , wir betreiben keine DDR Politik , sondern versuchen , die Vergangenheit des geteilten Deutschland aufzuarbeiten .
Wir sind ein offenes Forum wo jeder , egal ob aus Ost oder West herzlich willkommen ist .
Auch Menschen die nach 1989 geboren sind , dürfen sich aktiv in unserem Forum , mit Fragen über die innerdeutsche Grenze beteiligen .
Wir haben im Forum DDR Grenze , eine große Anzahl von Zeitzeugen die unmittelbar an der innerdeutschen Grenze ihren Dienst verrichtet haben .
Nunmehr 11 Jahre tragen wir alle Erfahrungen , Bilder und Ereignisse in diesem Forum zusammen um der Bevölkerung von Deutschland die Möglichkeit zu geben , zu sehen und zu begreifen was 40 Jahre im geteilten Deutschland vor sich ging .
In den Schulen ist die DDR und deren Grenze heute kaum noch ein Thema , viele Generationen nach 1989 wissen nicht einmal mehr , das Deutschland aus 2 Staaten bestanden hat .
Genau aus diesem Grund betreiben wir hier im Forum DDR Grenze aktive Aufklärungsarbeit zum nutzen aller , die es in Anspruch nehmen möchten .
Wir freuen uns auf Ihren Besuch im Forum DDR Grenze .
Microsoft 's recent lawsuit against TomTom , alleging infringement of filesystem patents , has left many questions unanswered about the legal implications of distributing open source implementations of Microsoft 's FAT filesystem .
A new Linux kernel patch that was published last week offers a workaround that might make it possible to continue including FAT in Linux without using methods that are covered by Microsoft 's patents .
The patent dispute erupted in February when Microsoft sued portable navigation device maker TomTom .
Microsoft claimed that TomTom 's Linux - based GPS products infringe on several of its patents , including two that cover specific characteristics of FAT , a filesystem devised by Microsoft that is widely used on removable storage devices such as USB thumb drives and memory cards .
The dispute escalated when TomTom retaliated with a counter - suit , but it was eventually settled in March when TomTom agreed to remove the relevant functionality .
The outcome of the lawsuit created ambiguity around the legal status of the Linux FAT implementation .
Microsoft contends that the suit was a largely isolated incident and that there are no plans to pursue litigation against individual Linux users .
For commercial Linux adopters , however , the situation is murkier .
Linux is widely used on mobile and embedded devices , and many of these need to be able to read FAT - formatted removable media .
The Linux Foundation says that the best solution at this point is for vendors to ditch FAT and come up with a new vendor - neutral format that can be used without having to pay licensing fees .
Although that might be a viable long - term solution , there is still a clear need to support FAT in Linux today .
To facilitate this , developers are evaluating technical workarounds while the Open Invention Network is seeking prior art for the purpose of invalidating the patents .
The specific patents in question describe techniques for implementing a " common name space for long and short filenames . "
It is a hack for preserving backwards compatibility with the filename munging scheme that was used in MS - DOS when filenames could not exceed 11 characters and were displayed in the so - called " 8.3 " format .
Andrew Tridgell , one of the lead developers behind the Samba project , published a patch last week that will alter the behavior of the Linux FAT implementation so that it will not generate both short and long filenames .
In situations where the total filename fits within the 11 - character limit , the filesystem will generate only a short name .
When the filename exceeds that length , it will only generate a long name and will populate the short name value with 11 invalid characters so that it is ignored by the operating system .
" The claims of both of the VFAT patents involve the creation ( or storing ) of both a long filename and a short filename for a file .
[ The ] patch only creates / stores either a short filename or a long filename for a file , but never both , " he explained in a message to the Linux kernel mailing list .
" The 11 bytes created by vfatbuilddummy 83 buffer ( ) to pad the field for short filenames cannot be used to access the file , and contain bytes which are invalid in FAT and VFAT filenames , and therefore are not filenames as that term is and has been used in the technical community . "
The short name field is populated with garbage data instead of simply being nulled out because there are bugs in Windows XP that would cause the system to crash when certain values are stored in the short name .
The garbage string is generated with random bytes in a manner that is intended to minimize the risk of triggering that bug .
This is Tridgell 's second patch to address the patent issue .
His first , which was published in May , completely disabled the creation of files with long filenames .
The new patch is a more practical approach and one that will have less detrimental impact on end users .
The Linux kernel community was not particularly happy with the first approach , but the new patch is said to have a better chance of being accepted in the mainline kernel .
It 's unclear , however , if it would be enabled by default in the event that it is accepted .
The Linux Foundation arranged for the patch to undergo extensive review by patent lawyers .
They are confident that the patch will effectively evade the common namespace method described by Microsoft 's patents .
It will also function properly in virtually all cases .
The only situation in which it will be problematic is when the data on the filesystem is accessed from old versions of DOS or Windows that still require the 8.3 filenames .
Tridgell believes that such a scenario is rare enough that it will not impact a significant number of users .
Those who require compatibility with those older versions of DOS or Windows can use the Linux " msdos " filesystem , which enforces 8.3 names and does n't use Microsoft 's patented dual - naming convention .
The Linux Foundation still firmly believes that the patents are invalid .
The workaround was implemented in order to help commercial Linux adopters avoid the risk of a confrontation with Microsoft .
Tridgell points out that patent litigation can be costly and that victims can be faced with International Trade Commission actions even in cases where the patent claims have no legal merit .
By implementing a workaround , the Linux community is avoiding the risk entirely and making it possible to have real - world interoperability without having to pay licensing fees to Microsoft .
I never really connected with my stepfather very well on a personal level .
We ’re simply too different in many ways .
For instance :
He ’s definitely a Republican , whereas I ’m a libertarian who sympathizes with the Republican Party just very slightly more than with the Democratic Party ( probably because Barry Goldwater , the most recent prominent Republican politician who was n’t a complete asshole and was n’t shunned by most of the party , is a lot more recent than Grover Cleveland , the most recent prominent Democrat politician who was n’t a complete asshole and was n’t shunned by most of the party ) .
Note that saying I sympathize just slightly more with the Republican Party than the Democratic Party is equivalent to saying I feel just slightly less unendurable loathing for the Republican Party .
I ’ve played RPGs for much of my life , and consider them an excellent means of developing linguistic skills , creative talents , and various areas of academic knowledge .
Meanwhile , he always used to call D&D “ playing dolls ” ( even though I never even used , or owned , miniatures for D&D until very recently ) .
He has , at various times , been a pretty avid fan of football , baseball , and NASCAR .
In fact , he has worked for a pit crew .
I , meanwhile , would be pretty hard - pressed to care less than I already do about those sports .
I guess I enjoyed the NHRA event we attended a bit more , though .
Suffice to say that we essentially lived in different worlds .
That does n’t mean he has n’t had an effect on my life , though .
I do n’t know why he chose to teach me about the safe and effective handling of firearms ; his motives in that regard are mostly opaque to me .
I suspect part of the reason for it is that I ’m his wife ’s son , and he was trying to find some way to connect with me .
He has no children of his own , so I guess I ’m about as close as he got .
In some respects , I wish he had felt more fulfilled in that regard with me being the placeholder for a son of his own — since I ’m pretty sure he did n’t feel terribly fulfilled that way — and his attempts to be a sort of mentor and teacher where guns are concerned would probably have been a good way to do it .
Unfortunately , our differences were enough that he might be surprised I turned into an adult who has handled firearms professionally and still has an interest in the things .
My current interest in firearms is , of course , significantly different from what I suspect he intended to pass on to me .
While he has been known to keep a revolver near at hand when he sleeps ( in a nightstand , decades ago — I have no idea whether he still does so now ) , it seems his interest is largely geared toward hunting and related areas .
I , on the other hand , am far more focused on the defensive uses of firearms .
Where he has been an NRA member for most of his life , my sympathies run more toward the goals of the RWVA and the JPFO .
I find the policy of certain Colorado sheriffs to enter registrants for CCW permits in a state database extremely offensive , while simply mentioning the idea that I might get a CCW a while back prompted my stepfather to ask why the heck I felt a need for one ( and I suspect if I mentioned the database issue , he ’d probably be even more baffled at my complaint ) .
I guess you could say that my own attitude about gun control can be summed up with the common refrain :
With guns , we are citizens .
Without them , we are subjects .
Regardless of how well our respective attitudes on the subject match up , though , I owe him a debt of gratitude .
I think I was about eight or nine years old when I first held a loaded firearm in my hands , and he was the man who put it there .
Many years later , as an adult who had been around the world a bit and handled quite a few more firearms ( many of which he probably has not handled , now that I think about it ) , he put another gun in my hands — one that I still have , and that I am glad to have .
I do n’t know how my life would have unfolded without him in my life .
I suppose it is possible I may never have fired a gun at all .
If that is the case , it might be said that I ’m a citizen because of his influence .
I received news earlier today , while I was far from home ( still am as I write this ) to visit my grandfather after my grandmother passed away : I was informed that my stepfather is scheduled for bypass surgery tomorrow .
My thoughts are with him .
. . . and I hope the notion that these things come in threes is only superstition .
UPDATE
It turned out to be a quintuple bypass .
It went well .
I imagine there ’ll be less cholesterol in his future , though that ’s an uneducated guess on my part .
Dendralene hydrocarbons have a reputation for being difficult — it seemed that these molecules could n't easily be made .
A practical synthesis of dendralenes opens them up for study , and reveals some surprises .
The presence of unsaturation — double or triple bonds — in molecules often largely determines their structural properties and chemical behaviour .
Unsaturated hydrocarbons are well known to chemists , but one class , known as dendralenes , has been neglected , in part because the compounds were thought to be unstable .
In Angewandte Chemie , Payne et al.1 report a practical synthesis of dendralenes , and find that they are stable after all .
Intriguingly , the physical and chemical properties of the compounds depend on whether there is an odd or even number of double bonds in the molecules .
There are six different ways in which carbon–carbon double bonds ( C=C bonds ) can be assembled to form unsaturated hydrocarbons2 .
The simplest is to connect these C=C bonds using carbon–carbon single bonds , to produce chain - like molecules known as acyclic conjugated polyolefins ( Fig. 1a ) .
Some crucial naturally occurring compounds , such as vitamin A and β- carotene , are derivatives of this class , whereas polymeric versions are familiar to materials scientists as ' organic metals ' — so - called because of their conducting properties .
Figure 1 : Six varieties of unsaturation .
a–f , Carbon–carbon double bonds can be assembled in six different ways to construct distinct families of unsaturated hydrocarbons , examples of which are shown .
In f , the first member of the family is known as allene , whereas the others are known as cumulenes .
Carbon atoms shared by two double bonds are represented as bold dots .
Full size image
Alternatively , C=C bonds may be connected together using single bonds to form ring - shaped , or cyclic , molecules ( Fig. 1 b ) .
The resulting hydrocarbons , known as annulenes , are either aromatic ( for those with an odd number of C=C bonds ) , or antiaromatic ( for flat molecules that have an even number of C=C bonds ) .
Annulenes have had pivotal roles in the development of theories of the structure and reactivity of organic molecules .
More practically , the aromatic hydrocarbons benzene , toluene and xylene are important feedstocks for the chemical industry .
Then there are the radialene3 and fulvene2 classes of hydrocarbons , which have more exotic - looking structures .
In radialenes , C=C bonds ' radiate ' from a central ring of carbon atoms that is formed from carbon–carbon single bonds ( Fig. 1 c ) , whereas , in fulvenes , C=C bonds radiate from annulene - like rings ( Fig. 1d ) . Dendralenes4 ( Fig. 1e ) are chain - like versions of radialenes — on paper , dendralene structures look like radialenes in which a single bond has been broken ( although it is n't actually possible to convert a radialene to a dendralene ) .
The final structural arrangement of hydrocarbons occurs when two or more C=C bonds share a common carbon atom ; allenes contain two C=C bonds , whereas cumulenes contain three or more5 ( Fig. 1f ) .
Although dendralenes exhibit a curious electronic phenomenon known as cross-conjugation — a feature also found in numerous organic dyestuffs — they have long been neglected by organic chemists .
The reason is simple : the compounds could not be made readily in sufficient amounts for further study , and were assumed to be too unstable to handle under normal laboratory conditions ( on the basis of what was known from the few reported examples of dendralenes4 ) .
Payne et al.1 show that this assumption is wrong .
They devised a general method for the preparation of dendralenes , and used it to make the first six members of the family .
Their synthetic route provides more than enough material for further studies of the reactivity and structures of these mysterious compounds .
Payne et al. constructed their compounds from molecular building blocks that already contained one or more C=C bonds .
For example , they used a magnesium - containing reagent ( easily made from a commercially available compound ) as the source of a diene fragment , which contains two C=C bonds connected by a single bond ( Fig. 2a ) .
They reacted this with other double - bond - containing compounds — various vinyl halides — in a nickel - catalysed process6,7 that ' stitched ' together the unsaturated hydrocarbon groups .
In this way , Payne and colleagues prepared dendralenes containing three to five C=C bonds in good yields .
The authors prepared higher oligomers ( containing up to eight C=C bonds ) using similar processes , providing each member of the series in gram quantities and as analytically pure substances .
Previously , only milligram quantities could be made .
Figure 2 : Preparation and reactions of selected dendralenes .
Payne et al.1 have prepared dendralenes by stitching together unsaturated hydrocarbon fragments from other compounds .
a ,
In these examples , the diene fragment ( red ) of a magnesium - containing compound is coupled in nickelcatalysed reactions to hydrocarbon fragments ( various colours ) of halogen - containing compounds , to make the first three members of the dendralene family .
b ,
The authors also investigated the reactivities of dendralenes in Diels–Alder additions .
In these reactions , a diene fragment ( red ) reacts to form a six - membered ring .
Another diene is formed in the product , which can , in principle , take part in another Diels–Alder reaction .
The cycle continues until no more dienes are formed .
Full size image
Like annulenes , the physical and chemical properties of the newly prepared dendralenes depend on the number of C=C bonds in the molecule : the properties of the even - numbered members of the series are distinctly different from those of its odd - numbered members .
A good example is the thermal stability of the compounds .
Dendralenes that have an even number of C=C bonds can be kept at room temperature for weeks without any significant decomposition , whereas their odd analogues have much shorter half - lives .
A similar dichotomy occurs for the electronic spectra of these compounds , and in their chemical behaviour .
Perhaps the most likely initial use of dendralenes will be in organic synthesis , acting as sources of dienes in ' cycloaddition ' reactions .
The most widely used cycloaddition reaction is the Diels–Alder addition , because this is the best method for preparing rings of six carbon atoms .
When dendralenes are used in Diels–Alder additions , the reaction product will contain a new diene fragment , which can in principle undergo another Diels–Alder addition , and so on , until no more diene units can be generated ( Fig. 2 b ) .
Such ' diene - transmissive Diels–Alder processes '8 allow the rapid generation of molecular complexity from relatively simple starting materials in a one - pot operation .
Payne et al.1 found that the reactivity of dendralenes in Diels–Alder additions again depends on the number of C=C bonds in the molecule : odd - numbered dendralenes react faster than their even - numbered counterparts .
Furthermore , only the endmost dienes of odd - numbered dendralenes take part in reactions , whereas diene subunits throughout the even - numbered dendralenes react .
The authors rationalized this surprising chemical effect using quantum mechanical calculations , which suggest that the geometries of the bonds in the dendralenes are at least partly responsible .
In the odd - numbered dendralenes , the endmost diene subunits adopt a conformation that has long been known to be optimal for Diels–Alder reactions .
These subunits therefore react quickly , and preferentially to the other diene subunits .
But all of the diene subunits in the even–numbered dendralenes adopt an unfavourable conformation for Diels–Alder additions ; their reactions are therefore slower than in the odd - numbered dendralenes , and no particular diene subunit reacts preferentially to the others .
With the dendralenes now available in sufficient amounts for further study , we can expect the discovery of many new reactions .
The resulting products should show interesting chemical and structural properties , and would not have been available using conventional methods of synthesis .
References 1 Payne , A. D. , Bojase , G. , Paddon - Row , M. N. & Sherburn , M. S. Angew .
Chem . Int. Edn 48 , 4836–4839 ( 2009 ) .
2 Hopf , H. Classics in Hydrocarbon Chemistry ( Wiley - VCH , 2000 ) .
3 Maas , G. & Hopf , H. Chemistry of Dienes and Polyenes Vol. 1 ( Ed. Rappoport , Z. ) 927–977 ( Wiley , 1997 ) .
4 Hopf , H. Angew .
Chem. Int. Edn 23 , 948–960 ( 1984 ) .
5 Krause , N. & Hashmi , A. S. K. ( Eds ) Modern Allene Chemistry Vol. 1 & 2 ( Wiley - VCH , 2004 ) .
6 Corriu , R. J. P. & Masse , J. P. J. Chem . Soc. Chem. Commun. 144a ( 1972 ) .
7 Tamao , K. , Sumitani , K. & Kumada , M. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 94 , 4374–4376 ( 1972 ) .
8 Tsuge , O. , Wada , E. & Kanemasa , S. Chem . Lett. 12 , 1525 –1528 ( 1983 ) .
Download references
Author information Affiliations Henning Hopf is at the Institute of Organic Chemistry , Technical University Braunschweig , Hagenring 30 , D - 38106 Braunschweig , Germany .
h.hopf@tu-bs.de Henning Hopf Authors Henning Hopf View author publications
You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar
Rights and permissions Reprints and Permissions
Scuffles as extremist Muslim group orders men and women to be segregated at public meeting
A public debate organised by banned Islamic sect Al Muhajiroun was cancelled today after an angry confrontation broke out over the segregation of men and women .
Management at the meeting 's venue said ' fundamentalist thugs ' forced the event to be called off after they physically prevented men and women sitting together .
Giles Enders , Chairman of the South Place Ethical Society , which runs Conway Hall in Holborn , London , said scuffles broke out over the group 's heavy - handed approach .
Douglas Murray and Anjem Choudary confront each other after the South Place Ethical Society banned the pracher 's group , Al Muhajiroun from the hall
The meeting came as the group 's new leader , Anjem Choudary , issued a challenge to the Government to ban the group after it emerged it was reforming .
Al Muhajiroun has sparked controversy after he said he wanted Sharia law in Britain and called 9/11 terrorists the ' Magnificent 19 ' .
The group was hoping to hold its first public meeting in five years but Mr Enders said the group had broken the terms for its hire of the hall .
Today 's debate , called Sharia Law Versus British Law , was intended to pit Choudary against Douglas Murray , director of right - wing think tank the Centre for Social Cohesion .
Taking to the stage , Mr Enders said : ' A group of thugs at the door have refused to let women in .
I 'm cancelling this meeting .'
He was cheered by a small group of women sitting in the balcony but was also heckled by many of the 100 or so men in the main hall .
Mr Choudary , who sat on stage during the scuffles and Mr Enders ' announcement , then grabbed the microphone and after led chants saying : ' This is a victory for Osama Muslims . '
Police watch as crowds gather outside Conway Hall following the cancellation of today 's meeting
But Mr Enders took the microphone back from Mr Choudary and ordered everyone in the hall to leave .
Alexander Hitchens , of the Centre for Social Cohesion , said his group was invited to the debate with Mr Choudary on the understanding that it would be held on neutral ground with no segregation .
He said he was greeted by members of Al Muharjiroun on the door before being barred from entering .
' We were led to believe it would be completely neutral , ' he said .
Outside the hall , Mr Choudary criticised British society as ' dirty ' and predicted that , within one or two decades , Muslims would be the majority here .
Asked why he was living here , he said : ' We come here to civilise people , get them to come out of the darkness and injustice into the beauty of Islam . '
Mr Murray , who arrived at the venue with his own security guards , said the platform of tonight 's planned debate was ' completely unacceptable ' .
Radical : Anjem Choudary is planning to hold a march through the streets of the Wiltshire town
He said : ' I 'm perfectly willing to debate Anjem Choudary and Al Muhajiroun 's ideas .
His ideas are not difficult .
They do not stand up .
' But it 's very clear that this debate is not neutral .
This was a segregated event , policed by Al Muhajiroun 's guards . '
He added he had been led to the event under false pretences by a front organisation called Global Issues Society .
Mr Murray confronted Mr Choudary and his supporters in the street and the pair spoke for about 10 minutes .
Mr Choudary said he had not broken any laws and called to Muslims to join his group .
' We are not a proscribed group and it is not illegal to be a member , ' he said .
' That 's a challenge to the Government and to the media - we were not doing anything that was terrorist - related in the past . '
Accepting that the group would have to pay attention to laws which outlaw the glorification of terrorism , he said : ' We will have to choose our words a little bit more carefully . '
Opposition leaders called on ministers to act swiftly to implement a ban .
However , the Home Office said a ban could only be implemented if there was evidence that a group was involved with terrorism .
A spokesman said : ' Proscription is a tough but necessary power to tackle terrorism .
' Decisions on proscription must be proportionate and based on evidence that a group is concerned in terrorism as defined in the Terrorism Act 2000 .
' Organisations which cause us concern , including those which might change their name to avoid the consequences of proscription , are kept under constant review .
' As and when new material comes to light , it is considered and the organisation reassessed as part of that process . '
Shadow security minister Baroness Pauline - Neville Jones said the ban would be a test as to whether the Government was serious about proscribing organisations which espouse extremism .
Former prime minister Tony Blair pledged to ban the group four years ago , but it was never outlawed while two splinter groups , Al Gurabaa and the Saviour Sect , were proscribed .
Al Muhajiroun was formed by radical preacher Omar Bakri Muhammad , who was later kicked out of Britain .
Mr Choudary 's followers provoked outrage in Luton earlier this year when they protested against soldiers returning from Iraq .
Outrage as Swaziland MP suggests branding the buttocks of HIV sufferers to promote safe sex
Outrage : Swaziland MP
Timothy Myeni suggested making HIV tests compulsory and forcing those who were infected to be permanently marked with a warning logo
A proposal to brand the buttocks of people suffering from HIV has caused outrage in a country ravaged by the disease .
Swaziland MP
Timothy Myeni suggested making HIV tests compulsory for every person in the southern African state and then forcing those who were infected to be permanently marked with a warning logo .
Mr Myeni claimed the scheme would help stop the spread of the killer disease by reducing sexual activity between HIV positive people and uninfected partners .
Speaking at a workshop for MPs on how to tackle the AIDS epidemic , he added : ' Before having sex with anyone , people will have to check their partners ' buttocks before proceeding , '
Campaigners furiously criticised the idea .
Swazi AIDS campaigner Siphiwe Hlophe said the system would contravene human rights laws .
She said : ' How can a legislator lobby for the branding of HIV positive people ?
' We do not need legislators who think like him because some of the people who voted for him could be positive , why is he then discriminating them ?
' He must stop lobbying his colleagues for such but instead call for them to stop discriminating positive people . '
Swaziland Aids Support Organisation spokesman Vusi Matsebula added : ' His utterances represent the views of someone who is still sleeping around .
' Maybe the branding will help him know what kind of a person he is about to sleep with . '
Swaziland has the highest HIV infection rate in the world , with around 43 percent of the population believed to be living with the disease .
The tiny landlocked southern African kingdom has previously been criticised for its failure to tackle the condition .
In 2001 Swaziland 's king Maswati III was accused of dangerous double standards over HIV .
The monarch , who has at least 17 wives , urged Swazi teens to wait until their twenties before having sex and then publicly selected a 17 - year - old girl as his latest bride .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A man believed to be Kim Jong - Nam , eldest son of North Korean leader Kim Jong - Il is interviewed on TV Tokyo .
He gave his reaction to media reports about his alleged defection from the country and speculation Kim Jong - Il 's successor would be his younger son Kim Jong - un .
Footage courtesy of TV Tokyo
Zimbabwe plans to replace worthless currency with South African rand in bid to repair shattered economy
U-turn : Tendai Biti now admits that Zimbabwe must consider ditching its worthless currency for the South African rand
Zimbabwe could abandon its worthless currency and adopt neighbouring South Africa 's rand , the country 's finance minister said yesterday .
Tendai Biti said the measure was one of three options being considered to try to save the state 's stricken economy .
The government could approve the move by the end of the year after assessing the situation , he told South Africa 's Times newspaper .
Mr Biti said : ' One of the options is to join the rand monetary union .
' We will also consider continuing with the [ current ] regime of multiple currencies or bring back the Zimbabwean dollar and redenominate it either with the rand or the US dollar . '
The comments are the first time Zimbabwe 's new finance minister has accepted the country could be forced to permanently accept the rand in place of the Zimbabwean dollar , which has been rendered worthless by years of hyperinflation .
Other currencies including the rand and the U.S. dollar are already widely used across the country on an informal basis , but Mr Biti has previously spoken of his determination to ' save ' the Zimbabwean dollar .
But by using the rand instead , Zimbabwe would give up power over its monetary policies .
It would also mean the country 's interest rates and inflation levels would be set in Pretoria rather than Harare .
In February South Africa 's then - president Kgalema Motlanthe suggested Zimbabwe join the rand , but Mr Biti dismissed the proposal .
Despite his apparent turnaround , Mr Biti today also said he believed there were signs of ' stability ' within the country 's economy .
He added : ' Any such decision depends on the performance of the economy - that would be the ultimate deciding issue . '
Zimbabwe 's dollar has been rendered almost completely worthless after years of record - breaking hyperinflation .
In February the government started paying soldiers and other government workers in US dollars after inflation hit more than 10 billion trillion per cent .
The southern African state is now ruled by a fragile coalition government after president Robert Mugabe agreed to share power with the opposition Movement for Democratic Change .
Finance Minister Mr Biti is a senior MDC figure and took his cabinet role in January .
South African economist Chris
Hart said adopting the rand would be an important step towards saving Zimbabwe 's economy .
He added : ' It effectively imposes a fiscal and monetary discipline with the Zimbabwean economy functioning on a basis where it does business that is more competitive on an international basis . '
First ,
The New York Times ran an alarming , anecdotal scare story about marijuana addiction in which they tracked down a couple people who were n't happy with their lives and gave them a forum in which to blame all their problems on marijuana .
Then , The Times invited 5 experts to debate the subject and , shockingly , they all seem to agree that marijuana addiction is overblown and our policies should be changed to reduce penalties for marijuana use .
It 's getting harder and harder to find anyone who actually knows anything about marijuana and yet still believes people should be punished for using it .
It 's an interesting question to ask while playing : why did Prototype fail ?
Yes , it did fail , although for hours while playing I could n't quite put my finger on what exactly missed the mark .
It 's a fun failure , in places , with a sense of power that feels almost unearned .
The game begins with the worst cliche of this sort of game : you have all your powers straight up , and get to tear - ass around the city for a few minutes before the game shoves you back in time to explain how you got there .
The problem — and this is a big problem for a superhero game — is that this approach makes you feel powerful , and then weak .
Since you 've already lost most of your humanity , what 's the point of feeling like a weak monster ?
Title Prototype Developer Radical Entertainment Publisher Activision Blizzard Price $ 59.99 Shop.ars Platform Xbox 360 , PS3 , PC
In Prototype you play Alex Mercer , who wakes up in the morgue , finding himself in possession of some interesting abilities but not many memories of how he got them .
His only thought is to kill everyone who had a hand in creating what he has become .
The mark of a great superhero game is that even at the beginning of the game , you feel powerful .
From there , you become more gifted , until you feel god - like .
The sequence of events in Prototype does n't allow for much forward momentum , and your quest for revenge feels hollow and empty .
Prototype is going to suffer from comparisons to the vastly superior inFamous ; the games jump on the scale to be weighed against each other , as they both feature a main character of nearly identical aesthetics and similar vocal stylings , in similar cities , with similar powers .
When I began hunting down water tanks on the top of buildings in Prototype I was already ready to walk away ; I was annoyed by this same mission in inFamous weeks ago .
While the protagonist in inFamous can be a good or bad force on the city , in Prototype you are a bad guy .
You run around the city killing anyone who gets in your way , gaining health back by stealing the life force of those around you .
You destroy buildings by running up their sides , and bounding along the street you cause destruction wherever you land .
This is no grace or subtlety to what you 're doing ; in many cases the pedestrians feel like plastic soldiers on a kitchen table , and you 're a five - year - old boy knocking them to the floor just for the joy of creating chaos .
The problem is that this is fun once , and after that it just becomes ugly and clumsy .
You want to find out why you are the way you are , but unlike inFamous — a game that gave your character a soul and characters who brought out the best and worst in him — it just does n't seem enough to keep the interest of the player .
You have characters who give you missions , and what must they think as you slaughter hundreds while trying to find this woman or kill that man ?
Do they calmly wait while you shower the blood and viscera off your one outfit before saying there is a group of people you need to eat to gain their memories ?
That 's right — in Prototype you " consume " characters to find out what they know about the sequence of events leading to your abilities and the chaos in the city .
What does it say that I kept hoping that a soldier with a rocket launcher would hit me ?
I had fantasies of letting the military cut me to shreds with their tanks and helicopters .
When a game makes me virtually suicidal , that is not a good sign .
Combat often feels like button - mashing , and since you 're allowed — even encouraged — to kill everyone you see , it 's a simple thing to just run around spamming your attacks to paint the ground red .
As you become more powerful , you can lock onto and then elbow - drop a tank until it explodes .
You 'll gain a limited glide ability .
In no time you 'll be scooting around the city , but unlike the sublime Spider Man 2 you never really feel like you 're a part of it ; it simply does n't feel alive .
The game is also somewhat small for an open - world title , feeling no larger than the first area in inFamous .
The missions all feel designed by committee ; you know what you 'll have to do and how to do it before you turn the game on .
The open - world superhero game is rife with tired mechanics we 've played before .
The ability to take on the identity of others to infiltrate some areas is clever , but it 's one of the few things that the game does that feels interesting .
Even the graphics are rather bland , and wait until you see a building collapse for the first time — the animation feels like the pre-visualization of a PSone title .
Creating a powerful being in a game has to mean something , and Prototype goes out of its way to make you feel out of touch with humanity ( and even reality ) throughout your mission for revenge .
Being a bad guy can certainly have its own rewards , but being a monster is n't nearly as interesting .
I could n't sympathize with the character , I was n't excited by his large number of flailing , bloody attacks , and I mentally checked out when I realized none of my actions had any real consequences other than to move the game forward .
The best I can say about this game is that if you have illusions of grandeur with a smattering of violent tendencies , it may work for you .
But Prototype feels soulless and slightly hateful , and coming so soon after the wonderful inFamous , the empty journey of a soul who was damned before the game began feels like a waste of everyone 's time .
Verdict : Skip
Famed Wii Hacker Part of Project Natal
Last month we ran a highlight on Johnny Chung Lee , the notorious Wiimote hacker responsible for making things like smartboards , multi-point touchscreens , and virtual 3D environments capable of responding to a user ’s location , all from a $ 30 Wiimote .
Lee gained notoriety not only for creating complex equipment from simple parts , but because he kept his work free , available on YouTube and his own website .
Well Lee ’s work has n’t gone unnoticed , particularly by Microsoft .
Remember that little thing they debuted yesterday ?
Project Natal ?
Yeah , that little game - changer ( both the development game and the game itself ) .
As it turns out , Microsoft managed to yank Lee away from his Wiimote hacks ( probably by stuffing his pockets ) to work on the development team for Project Natal .
“ Now , I should preface by saying I do n’t deserve credit for anything that you saw at E3 , ” Lee wrote in a blog post last night .
“ A large team of very smart , very hard - working people were involved in building the demos you saw on stage .
The part I am working on has much more to do with making sure this can transition from the E3 stage to your living room – for which there is an even larger team of very smart , very hard - working people involved . ”
Hard work indeed .
If you have n’t seen the demo videos , you need to , because Natal points to some really groundbreaking possibilities .
As Lee puts things , “ We would all love to one day have our own personal holodeck .
This is a pretty measurable step in that direction . ”
I said yesterday that I was having trouble being skeptical about Natal .
It is some incredible technology , but my excitement ’s wearing off and I ’m beginning to think my dreams are probably bigger than the device .
Can it really be as great as Lee says ?
And when he says a step , how big is that step ( and obviously it ’s one of MANY before we ’re anywhere close to a holodeck ) ?
Are you bouncing - off - the - walls excited or just watching from the corner of your eye ?
I do know this , if Lee is involved , Microsoft is compiling a pretty incredible team , and it would take a load of bureaucratic problems to turn their hard work into a lackluster device .
FEATURING
Jimmy Tsutomu Mirikitani
Jimmy Tsutomu Mirikitani was born in Sacramento California in 1920 and raised in Hiroshima Japan .
At age 18 , he returned to the United States to pursue a career in art and escape the growing militarism in Japan .
He was living with his sister Kazuko and her family in Seattle when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor in 1941 .
Executive Order 9066 forced Jimmy and his sister to leave their home and move to separate internment camps hundreds of miles apart .
Kazuko was sent to the Minidoka camp in Idaho while Jimmy was sent to Tule Lake , in northern California .
When the government required internees to take a loyalty test , Tule Lake became a segregation center where those deemed " disloyal " were congregated .
Thousands there renounced their US citizenship in protest .
Jimmy was one of these renunciants .
After the war ended , Jimmy and hundreds of others continued to be held without charge , first in Tule Lake , then in a Department of Justice INS camp in Crystal City , Texas .
A single lawyer , Wayne Collins , worked for decades to help Jimmy and 5,000 other renunciants reclaim the citizenship they had given up under duress .
In 1946 , Jimmy was transferred to Seabrook Farms , a frozen food manufacturing plant near Bridgeton New Jersey .
Here he and other renunciants on " relaxed internment " worked the 12 hour night shift , 6 days a week , sorting vegetables on an assembly line .
By August 1947 , Collins won their release , but fully restoring their citizenship took another decade .
Jimmy finally arrived in New York City in the early 1950's to attempt to resume his art career .
When an art professor found him sleeping in Columbia University 's library , Jimmy was referred to the New York Buddhist Church where he was provided with room , board , and training as a cook .
For years he traveled the East Coast to do seasonal work in resorts , summer camps , and country clubs .
While cooking at a restaurant on Long Island , he met Jackson Pollock .
Jimmy 's US citizenship was finally restored in 1959 , but by then he had moved so often that the government 's letter never reached him .
Eventually Jimmy became a live - in cook on Park Avenue .
But when his employer died in the late 1980's , Jimmy was suddenly without a home or a job .
Within a year , he was living in Washington Square Park in Greenwich Village , selling his artwork to survive .
He met filmmaker Linda Hattendorf in Soho in 2001 .
She helped him apply for Social Security , SSI , and housing benefits , and in 2002 he moved into an assisted - living retirement center run by Village Care of New York .
Later that year , he was reunited with his sister Kazuko for the first time in 60 years .
Both Jimmy and his sister passed away in 2012 , ten years after they were reunited .
▶ Top Of Page
Janice Mirikitani
Multicultural visionary .
Poet . Executive Director of Glide 's 52 programs .
Janice Mirikitani , also the President of the Glide Foundation , has been a powerful force at Glide Memorial Church since 1965 .
Glide programs , recognized for their relevance , inclusiveness , and effective outreach to the most marginalized populations of the city , are comprehensive and designed to help break the cycle of dependency .
These essential services include a free meals program , a health clinic , recovery programs , educational , tutorial , recreational programs for children and youth , counseling and job training services .
As an author , Mirkitani has written and edited dozens of landmark books , journals , and anthologies , and her own three books of poetry .
In 2000 , her achievements as an author were recognized with the prestigious appointment as San Francisco 's Poet Laureate .
Janice Mirikitani is married to Reverend Cecil Williams .
She has one daughter .
( For more info : www.glide.org)
Roger Shimomura
Jimmy Roger Shimomura 's paintings , prints and theatre pieces address socio-political issues of Asian America and have often been inspired by 56 years of diaries kept by his late immigrant grandmother .
He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Washington in Seattle and his graduate degree from Syracuse University , New York .
He has had over 100 solo exhibitions of his paintings and prints , as well as presented his experimental theater pieces at such venues as the Franklin Furnace , New York City , Walker Art Center , Minneapolis and The Smithsonian Institution .
At the University of Kansas where he taught since 1969 he was designated a University Distinguished Professor in 1994 .
In 2004 he retired from teaching and started the Shimomura Faculty Research Support Fund , an endowment to support faculty research in the Department of Art. Shimomura 's personal papers are being collected by the Archives of American Art , Smithsonian Institution in Washington , D.C. ( For more info : www.rshim.com and www.densho.org)
Village Care of New York
Village Care of New York is a community - based , not for profit service organization serving the elderly , persons living with AIDS , and individuals in need of medical and rehabilitation services .
Their Village Adult Day Health Center provides nursing , nutrition , case management and rehabilitation services in addition to numerous social activities , enabling individuals to remain at home and continue their involvement with their communities .
Their assisted - living community , The Village at 46th & Ten , provides apartments , meals , housekeeping , daily recreation , and social services to New Yorkers who love the culture of New York , value diversity , and cherish their own independence .
( For more info : www.vcny.org)
▶ Top Of Page
Royal Dutch Shell PLC agreed Monday to pay $ 15.5 million to settle a lawsuit over the 1995 deaths of Nigerian author and activist Ken Saro - Wiwa and others .
The Anglo - Dutch oil giant faced a lawsuit in federal court in Manhattan under the Alien Tort Claims Act , on allegations that it was complicit in the 1995 deaths of Mr. Saro - Wiwa and other activists .
The lawsuit was brought by family members and surviving activists .
Shell ...
199,00 € *
zzgl .
5,95 € Versand
Das Pulse ist unser der Profi Shape für schnelle und starke Wellen .
Es ist deine Wahl , wenn die Wellen schneller werden und Du ein Board brauchst , welches sich einem kraftvollen Surfstil anpasst .
Dank des schmalen und geradlinigen Templates ist das Pulse ein schnelles Bodyboard für schnelle Bottom Turns .
Obwohl das Pulse sehr tollerant gegenüber Fahrfehlern ist , ist es kein Board für Anfänger .
Du solltest schon ein fortgeschrittener oder professioneller Fahrer sein um Dich auf diese Rakete einzulassen .
Modernes Bodyboard mit einem neuen speziell für Bodyboards entwickelten NRG Kern der ausserdem mit einem Stringer verstärkt ist .
Die benötigte Boardgröße entspricht dem Maß des eigenen Körpers , gemessen vom Fußboden bis zur Hüfte +- 5 cm .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A mass fight flared up at a Romanian rugby match between league - leading rivals Dinamo Bucaresti and Farul Constata .
The Romanian Rugby Federation has banned nine players involved in the brawl .
Amanda Davies reports .
Sterile lab testing in ballistic gelatin is great , but the ultimate laboratory is the street .
Here are the loads that seem to be doing best there , input written in blood from gunfights police departments that have experienced with these ammunition .
Defensive ammunition choice is about picking what works best to neutralize armed and dangerous human beings before they can maim or murder .
Scientific testing of ammo in ballistic gelatin can help predict bullet performance in the field , but at the end of the day , it is the performance and not the prediction that will matter .
Thirty - four years of carrying a sworn police officer ’s badge , 20 years as chair of the firearms committee of the American Society of Law Enforcement trainers , and several years now on the advisory board of the International Law Enforcement Educators and Trainers Association combined with several trips to major seminars of groups like the International Law Enforcement Firearms Instructors Association and the International Homicide Investigators Seminars gave me a solid base of cops who ’ve investigated a lot of shootings for their departments .
These are n’t “ war stories , ” they are full investigations of shootings including evidence recovery , complete autopsy and forensic ballistic testing protocols , and intensive debriefings of the shooters and the witnesses .
From that collective pool of knowledge emerges a profile of which duty cartridges perform the best .
Obviously , police issue ammunition is used in a significant majority of these shootings .
That ’s why police duty calibers and loads have the strongest “ databases ” to learn from .
Fortunately for armed citizens , they and the police tend to choose the same calibers .
Picking a load that has proven itself on duty with the police gives the armed citizen added confidence in what their chosen gun / cartridge combination can deliver .
Using ammunition that is widely issued to police is a strong defense against unmeritorious courtroom allegations such as , “ He used evil hollow point bullets that rend and tear , and that shows he had malice in his heart ! ”
Let ’s look at what the street feedback is indicating is working best these days .
. 38 Special
Concealed carry permit instructors tell me that the .38 Special revolver , usually in compact short - barrel form , is one of the most common guns brought to their classes by students , and often the single gun that their graduates most commonly carry on the street .
For most of the 20th Century , this caliber revolver was also by far the most popular in law enforcement , with plainclothes and off - duty officers generally carrying “ snubbies , ” and uniformed personnel generally carrying larger framed , longer barrel models .
Today , there are still thousands of senior cops carrying “ grandfathered ” .38 revolvers on duty in New York City and Chicago , and many more who carry them as backup or off - duty guns .
In fact , the snub nose .38 seems to be the most popular police backup handgun to this day , and is still widely used for off - duty carry .
Only two cartridges really stand out as head and shoulders above the large pack of available .38 Special rounds .
These are the “ FBI load ” and the “ New York load . ”
The FBI load gets its sobriquet from the fact that this round was adopted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation circa 1972 , right after Winchester introduced it .
It was also adopted by the Chicago PD , and remains the .38 Special load of issue there to this day .
Metro -Dade ( now Miami - Dade ) police likewise found it to perform superbly , as did cops throughout America , and it continues to be known by some locally as the “ Chicago load ” or “ Metro load . ”
This cartridge comprises an all - lead , semi- wadcutter shaped hollow point bullet at +P velocity .
It works particularly well out of a 4 - inch barrel , but cops quickly discovered that the projectile generally upset and expanded at least to some degree , even out of short barrels that reduced velocity .
The reason was that with no tough copper jacket to peel back , the soft lead expanded more easily in flesh .
Winchester and Remington both produce this 158 - grain LSWCHP +P round .
The Remington seems to have the softer lead of the two , and therefore opens a bit more dramatically .
This is a good thing .
A few years ago , NYPD realized it still had some 3,000 officers carrying .38 Special service revolvers as primary handguns , and that the overwhelming majority of their plus / minus 35,000 sworn personnel carried snub .38s as backup and off - duty guns .
They approached Speer to create a load that would optimize .38 Special terminal ballistics when fired from a revolver with a 1.875 - inch barrel .
Ernest Durham at Speer led the project , and the result has now become known colloquially as the NYPD load .
It comprises a wide - mouthed 135 - grain Gold Dot bonded , jacketed hollowpoint at +P velocity .
In numerous shootings with both snubs and 4 - inch service revolvers , NYPD officials tell me that they are more than satisfied .
Because of the lighter bullet , it kicks less than the FBI load , and because of the modern Gold Dot technology , it expands widely and reliably .
They have found it to be a good man-stopper .
Either will work well .
In a snubbie , I prefer the Gold Dot for two reasons .
First , the lighter recoil is helpful in fast and accurate shooting .
Second , the all - lead FBI load is more lightly crimped than the Gold Dot , and when fired in a super - light snubbie in the 10 - or 11 - ounce weight range , such as the Titanium or Scandium S&W AirLites , recoil is so severe that after a shot or two , the projectiles can start pulling loose from the case mouths .
They “ prarie dog ” up out of the chamber at the front of the cylinder , where they can strike the forcing cone of the barrel and lock the gun up solid .
While this can happen with any make of the all - lead +P FBI load , it does not occur with the Speer NYPD load .
9 mm Luger
The 9 mm Luger ( aka 9×19 , 9 mm Parabellum , 9 mm NATO ) is one of the most popular among armed citizens , and also still widely used by the nation ’s police .
As a result , we have a huge amount of street experience to tap into as to what works well and what does n’t in this caliber .
In the late 1980s through most of the 1990s , 147 - grain hollow points of conventional copper jacketed construction were the trendy issue rounds .
They worked spottily – sometimes they expanded , and sometimes they just punched narrow little through and through wounds like ball ammo – and as a result , most departments that used this stuff either switched to more powerful calibers , or went to 9 mm ammo that was going faster , with lighter bullets .
For many years , the “ Illinois State Police load ” – a 115 - grain standard JHP launched at some 1,300 feet per second ( fps ) – proved itself to be the most decisive man-stopper available .
It still works great .
Federal ’s version of this load , the 9BPLE , is standard issue for the DeKalb County lawmen , on the tough turf that surrounds and encompasses of Atlanta , Georgia .
These guys get into so many firefights that they ’ve drawn political heat for “ shooting too many people . ”
They have proven that when they shoot people with a 115 - grain JHP doing 1,300 fps out of their issue Beretta service pistols , the bad guys go down and stop trying to kill them .
Other loadings have emerged that have the same decisive stopping power in 9 mm .
They include Winchester ’s 127 - grain Ranger series + P+ at 1,250 fps , and Speer ’s Gold Dot 124 - grain +P at the same velocity .
Chicago PD switched to the 124 - grain + P after multiple dismal stopping failures with 147 - grain subsonic , and NYPD has used this round with great effect for some 15 years .
Both are delighted with it .
Orlando cops are issued P226 SIGs and 127 - grain +P+
Winchester , and after many shootings since , they ’ve found it to be as effective as any handgun caliber could be .
Personally , I carry the 9BPLE in one particular Beretta that shoots it better than any other carry load , and Winchester Ranger 127 - grain + P+ in virtually all my other 9 mm pistols , long or short barrel .
Some folks have bought into the theory that the 147 - grain subsonic has been so widely recommended by authority figures , so it must be good .
The fact is , there ’s a new generation of 147 - grain subsonic that is pretty darn good .
It utilizes new - generation high - tech expanding bullet technology expressly engineered to make the bullets open up at velocity below the speed of sound .
These include the CCI Speer Gold Dot , the Federal HST , and the Winchester Ranger .
The Amarillo , Texas Police report excellent results with their issue load for those officers who choose 9 mm pistols , the 147 - grain Gold Dot .
A major department in the Pacific Northwest is now issuing Federal HST 147 - grain subsonic , and reports excellent results in numerous shootings .
LAPD and LA County Sheriff ’s Department find that fewer officers and deputies are opting for larger caliber guns bought out of their own pockets , because they are reassured by how well Winchester Ranger 147 - grain 9 mm has worked for their brothers and sisters in numerous line of duty shootings .
Still , the faster bullets seem to be the way to go .
There is much more corollary tissue damage around the wound channels with the faster 9 mms , with medical examiners documenting “ macerated ” flesh , that is , tissue chopped up like burrito filling .
You do n’t see that with subsonic rounds , even though a high - tech modern 147 - grain may actually expand slightly more than a lighter 9 mm bullet , simply because it has “ more lead to spread . ”
.357 Magnum
One cartridge stands above all others in this caliber in the history of American law enforcement : the 125 - grain semi- jacketed hollow point loaded to a velocity in the 1,400 fps range ( from a 4 - inch barrel ) .
Some experts argue whether the wide - mouthed Federal version of this load , or the scallop - jacket Remington version that originally popularized the 125 - grain .357 among cops , is the single best of the breed .
It seems to be an argument akin to how many angels can dance on the head of a pin .
The Winchester 125 - grain Magnum load does not have either of those features , but worked every bit as well for such departments as the Maine State Police when they carried .357 revolvers .
This round tends to create a wound channel that is nine to 11 inches deep , but very wide , with tremendous damage around the radius of the wound track .
It also has a nasty muzzle blast and pretty sharp recoil .
The great combat shooting trainer and champion , Ray Chapman , used to say that the 125 - grain Magnum load ’s almost magical stopping power was the only reason to load .357 instead of .38 Special + P ammunition into a fighting revolver chambered for the Magnum round .
I agree .
When departments such as City of Indianapolis Police Department , and the state troopers of Kentucky and Indiana issued that load , there were literally tons of bad guys shot with 125 - grain Magnums , and they tended to go down “ right now . ”
Texas Department of Public Safety personnel were known to refer to this round ’s “ lightning bolt effect , ” and I knew Kentucky troopers who called it “ the magic bullet . ”
Even though velocity dropped considerably from the 2.5 - inch barrels of Indiana State Police detectives ’ Combat Magnums , or from the 3 - inch Military & Police .357s of Indianapolis plainclothesmen , the bad guys seem to go down just as fast .
The 125 - grain .357 Magnum semi- jacketed hollow point earned its title , bestowed by expert Ed Sanow , as “ King of the Street , ” and this remains the Magnum load of choice today .
I have no personal preference among the Federal , Remington , and Winchester brands .
.357 SIG
In the early ‘90s , spurred by Texas troopers and rangers who loved the SIG .45 pistol , but missed that “ lightning bolt ” stopping power effect of their old .357 Magnum revolvers , SIG worked with Federal Cartridge to create the .357 SIG round .
It resembles a .40 S&W necked down to 9 mm , though the actual construction is somewhat more complicated than that .
Different companies load to different velocities , and depending on pistol and barrel , factory 125 - grain JHPs are delivering 1,325 to over 1,400 fps .
High - tech bullets that open rapidly , but stay together seem to work best in this caliber .
The most widely proven is the Gold Dot.
From Texas to Virginia , it has been kicking butt with no horror stories of stopping failures .
New Mexico State Troopers fell in love with the .357 SIG a few years ago , and stayed with that cartridge when they ordered their new S&W M&P auto pistols .
North Carolina Highway Patrol gave up its beloved Beretta pistols after more than 20 years to adopt the SIG Sauer , because they could get it chambered for .357 SIG .
Gunfights indicate that this cartridge is particularly good for shooting through auto sheet metal and window glass , yet does not deliver on the street the dangerous over - penetration that some gelatin tests had indicated might happen .
The spent , expanded bullets are normally recovered from the far side of the criminal ’s body , or from his clothing , or from the ground within a few feet behind where he was located when shot .
Winchester Ranger in 125 - grain .357 SIG has worked well in actual shootings .
Remington Bonded Golden Saber in 125 - grain .357 SIG is deliciously accurate , and performs superbly in FBI protocol gelatin testing , though I have n’t run across any actual shootings with it yet .
The overwhelming majority of .357 SIG shootings by police have occurred with the 125 - grain Speer Gold Dot , and it has worked so well it is unquestionably the most “ street proven ” load in this caliber .
.40 Smith & Wesson
Introduced in 1990 by S&W and Winchester , this 9 mm Luger - length 10 mm cartridge was designed to split the difference between the 9 mm ’s higher round count in the gun , and the .45 auto ’s larger caliber .
It succeeded hugely at that in police work , being chosen by more law enforcement agencies today than any other .
It has become popular among armed citizens for that exact same compromise factor .
First generation ammo , a 180 - grain subsonic with a conventional JHP bullet , did better than expected , but still was n’t spectacular .
It pretty much duplicates the ballistics of the old .38/40 black powder handgun load of the 19th century frontier .
I ’ve run across a lot of shoot - throughs with 180 - grain standard JHP , more than would be desirable for home defense .
Those who like the 180 - grain subsonic ’s ballistics want to go with high - tech hollow points that open more aggressively , penetrate a little less , and seem to produce a more decisive stopping effect .
The 180 - grain Gold Dot has earned a good reputation in cities such as Boston and Milwaukee .
The 180 - grain Federal HST has produced some truly impressive one - shot stops in the Pacific Northwest .
The 180 - grain Winchester Ranger , particularly in its latest iteration , also works distinctly better than a conventional copper jacketed bullet of this weight and velocity .
It appears that the medium - weight bullets at higher velocities are providing the best combination of penetration depth , expansion , and overall decisiveness of ending encounters .
Not the 165 - grain subsonic .40 , the so - called “ minus - P , ” but 165 - grain JHPs traveling at 1,140 fps and 155 grainers at about 1,200 fps .
The latter has worked very well for the U.S. Border Patrol , which seems to have used mostly the Remington brand .
Other non -high - tech .40 caliber JHPs in this weight range that have delivered impressive performance are the Federal Classic and the Winchester Silvertip , both 155 grainers .
These are also less expensive than the top - line premium lines .
High - tech bullets still do well in this weight range , though .
The 165 - grain Winchester Ranger and Speer Gold Dot seem to lead the pack by a narrow margin .
.45ACP
A standard pressure 230 - grain .45ACP with conventional JHP bullet pretty much duplicates the recoil and trajectory of GI hardball in the same weight , allowing cost - effective training once the user is certain that the given pistol will feed the hollow point of choice .
The .45 ’s big bullet and well - earned reputation for stopping power make it more forgiving of less - than - optimum ammo choices , though you still want to stay away from full metal jacket because of its tendency to grossly over - penetrate , and to ricochet .
In a low - priced round , generic Winchester 230 - grain JHP “ white box ” and Remington 185 - grain JHP in their low priced UMC line are both street - proven choices .
For maximum effect , though , a premium bullet is the way to go .
Federal ’s Hydra - Shok is a well - proven man-stopper , long the “ gold standard , ” and still a good choice today , but expansion characteristics ( especially through intervening substances ) are enhanced in the new HST line from the same maker .
CCI Gold
Dot has worked well for numerous departments in both 200 - and 230 - grain weights ; Remington 230 - grain Golden Saber has worked quite well in the hands of certain units during the War on Terror ; and one state police agency I ’m aware of has experienced a string of one - shot stops with the Winchester SXT / Ranger 230 grain .
These are all standard pressure loads .
Short barrel .45 ACPs are extremely popular among armed citizens today .
CCI offers a Gold Dot Short Barrel .45 load , especially designed to open to full effect at lower velocities .
I have n’t run across any actual shootings with it yet , but gel testing indicates that it has met its design parameters .
The +P .45ACP has worked well in 185- , 200 - , and 230 - grain loadings .
The 185 - grain +P has earned a good rep “ stopping power ” rep in its conventional JHP loading from Remington and is also available in Hydra - Shok and HST formats from Federal , and in Remington ’s own high tech Golden Saber line .
As a rule of thumb , the 185 - grain + P round will shoot pretty much to point - of - aim / point - of - impact out to roughly 100 yards in a pistol sighted in for 230 - grain standard pressure .45 ACP at 25 yards .
That makes it of special purpose interest to those in rural areas who can anticipate unusually long shots with their pistols .
The .45 GAP , or GLOCK Auto Pistol , is a shortened and strengthened .45 ACP round at standard pressure .
GLOCK , Para USA , and Springfield Armory have produced guns for this caliber .
The state troopers of Georgia , New York , and Pennsylvania have adopted the GLOCK in .45 GAP as standard , and shootings with it using 200 - grain Speer Gold Dot and 230 - grain Winchester Ranger have thus far proven it to be the absolute equal of the .45ACP with the same bullets .
Look for this round to gain in popularity in years to come .
Final Notes
That concludes the feedback from the street , with the calibers most used by cops and , therefore , most thoroughly evaluated in the wake of intensive investigation of officer - involved shootings .
WASHINGTON  Millions of households will lose television reception next week when about 1,000 broadcasters around the nation shut off their analog signals and complete their conversion to digital programming , federal officials say .
The government has spent more than $ 2 billion to ease the transition to digital television , and in the last few months has cut in half the number of households that are unprepared for the final conversion on June 12 .
But the latest survey by the Nielsen Company indicates that as of the end of May , more than 10 percent of the 114 million households that have television sets are either completely or partly unprepared .
Michael J. Copps , the acting head of the Federal Communications Commission , said that the people most likely to lose reception are society ’s most vulnerable  lower - income families , the elderly , the handicapped and homes where little or no English is spoken .
The transition will also hit inner-city and rural areas hardest , he said .
“ We are much better prepared than we were in February , when the original transition was to have occurred , but there will nonetheless be significant disruptions , ” Mr. Copps said in an interview .
“ In the past five months we ’ve tried to accomplish what should have been done over the last four years . ”
There are fewer hassles for an adventurer or business traveler bigger than lugging around bags of silver and copper pieces .
Luckily TG - Gold - Super - Markt has installed gold vending machines in 500 locations including train stations and airports all across Germany .
The machines charge about 30 % more than the current trading price for gold , and are updated every few minutes .
All are closely monitored by cameras , and like 3rd and 4th edition , electrum pieces are not accepted .
Previous | Next Pube Stylists Posted at : 2009-06-15 00:11:52
Original ad :
WE PAY TO CUT YOUR HAIR !
We are a hair styling school that is looking for volunteers to get their hair styled / dyed by our students .
We will pay you up to $ 50 .
Preferably women / girls From Mike Anderson to *********@*********.org
Hey !
I saw your ad saying you will pay cash to cut my hair !
Well I just got my head shaved , but I have n't trimmed my pubes in about five months .
They are pretty gnarly , and I jammed my beard trimmer trying to cut them earlier .
How much would you pay me to trim my pubes ?
Mike
From *********@yahoo.com to Mike Anderson
Mike ,
Sorry but we do not trim pubic hair .
This is more of a hair dying and styling place .
Thanks !
From Mike Anderson to *********@yahoo.com
That works for me too .
My pubes are very curly , but I 've always wanted to get them straightened .
Would you be able to do that ?
Maybe you could put some highlights in , and just shape up my split ends .
Also , do you have some kind of conditioner that would take care of my crabs problem ?
My prescription ointment does n't really do the job .
Where are you located ?
I am free all day tomorrow .
From *********@yahoo.com to Mike Anderson
Mike we work on HEADS ONLY .
SORRY .
From Mike Anderson to *********@yahoo.com
Here 's what I am willing to do .
You style my pubes , and I 'll accept $ 40 cash instead of $ 50 .
You can even donate my pubes to those people with cancer who need hair , if you want .
From *********@yahoo.com to Mike Anderson
NO .
That is disgusting .
Leave us alone !
Previous | Next Share Showing comments 1 - 25 .
View all comments charmdatereviewsank ( 2019-01-07 10:40:22 )
Cloning frank honest is undoubtedly 85 years old and hubby really be cloned .
It may seem loco but then he promoting structure a few questions going through scientific research instantly will ideally today we duplicate live people .
honest Hansford ca asiameocs ( 2018-12-26 11:02:01 )
Adherent u 6 targets developed 7 months agoInner quest , 100 % .
restaurants are a area for execs , give up that can .
you working social group of friends recreation .
womens want to discover men that you if you permit them to have fabric orange ultimate so Mohit ( 2015-11-28 12:13:34 )
This just made me laugh so damn hard !
If Ted Washington tied a white lady up and made her wear a metal bikini , he ’d look just like Jabba the Hut. XD Michaelreep ( 2015-11-01 21:07:28 )
Life is not perpetual .
Of course , this is a common truth , but do we often remember about it ?
How can we feel the value of life staying at home ?
They say if you do n't like the place where you are - move , you 're not a tree after all .
By the same rul dick assman ( 2014-01-23 20:16:35 )
Cancer , LOL .
El Burro ( 2013-07-19 11:42:05 )
Cancer is n't a joke Anonymous ( 2013-05-26 02:11:51 )
Pay me enough , and I 'd do it .
Why not ?
we only do heads ( 2013-02-10 12:37:46 )
Thats what she said ... that was an epic opportunity Mike Anderson ( 2012-11-27 06:21:16 )
Lol me think ( 2012-11-10 13:57:35 )
This disgusting .. not a joke anon ( 2012-11-09 22:19:38 )
ermahgerd i lerfed ser herd ert dis jerk jajajajaja anonymous ( 2012-11-09 22:18:21 )
fucking penis Kemo ( 2012-11-06 06:40:47 )
@me xD omg i thought the same ^^ me ( 2012-11-05 01:11:47 )
I 'm surprised you did n't make a joke about the head part .
bad word choice ( 2012-10-15 11:38:25 )
Heads only ....
Ok then .... lmao lol ( 2012-08-19 17:19:02 )
damn this is funny .
i lold on his last comment George ( 2012-07-28 11:12:27 )
Personally I would have just told him to use some scissors to cut off his pubes and then use a razor blade to shave them completely off .
No more pubes and no more crabs .
anonymous ( 2012-07-10 01:16:23 )
Blowjob Kurt ( 2012-06-06 21:23:05 )
Hehehe pubes anonymous ( 2012-05-10 22:08:36 )
Should have said " well the hair IS close to my HEAD ... "
Michael Nowak ( 2012-04-10 22:42:46 )
We work on HEADS ONLY lol jack ( 2012-02-16 15:11:07 )
hahahahaha !!
cant stop laughing Meh ( 2011-12-11 23:40:49 )
Not bad , but this one was pretty weak compared to other conversations .
@ Random
That 's what I was thinking .
Blah ( 2011-12-07 01:06:09 )
You could 've made this funnier by accusing them of not being supportive of cancer patients .
@lektro ( 2011-11-28 12:30:12 )
I am not .
Do n't wait for me !!
- 1337
View all comments
Shimon Peres , the Israeli president , recently told me that he has sensed an oncoming revolution in Sunni thinking .
“ For the first time , the majority of the Arab world thinks that Iran is the real danger , not Israel .
Seventy percent of the Arabs are Sunnis .
The Sunnis look upon us , whether they say it or not , not as a problem but as a hope . ”
Peres may be overstating , but moderate Arab leaders would obviously like a Sunni - Jewish alliance : Israeli compromise — an agreement , for instance , to freeze settlement growth on the West Bank — would prove to their pro-Palestinian constituents that Arab states , and not Iran , are guarantors of Palestinian interests , and it would allow them to deepen their subterranean military - intelligence connections with Israel on the Iran question .
Such an alliance has even more obvious strategic advantages for Israel : Netanyahu has said he will lobby Europe , China , and Russia on the necessity for strong action to stop the Iranian nuclear program .
His case would be strengthened immeasurably if he could make these arguments in concert with Arab leaders .
So , how to make use of what the Middle East expert Martin Indyk calls the “ symbiotic anxiety ” shared by Israel and its Sunni Arab adversaries ?
It might be too late , of course , to forge a Sunni - Jewish alliance , though not because the two parties hate each other ; hate has never stopped the formation of pragmatic alliances in the Middle East .
It might be too late because the Arab enmity for Israel in the wake of last December ’s Israeli attacks in Gaza might make it impossible for Arab governments to be seen entering even a tacit alliance with Israel .
“ It ’s a good time in theory for something like this , but it wo n’t happen now unless Israel makes certain strategic decisions to bring real compromises to the table , ” says Abdel Monem Said Aly , of the al - Ahram Center for Political and Strategic Studies , in Cairo .
“ It is a difficult situation because Iran has presented itself as a guardian of Islamic and , in particular , Palestinian interests by taking the maximum stands , however hollow .
If Israel and the Palestinians can be seen making progress , there is a chance .
But this requires Israel to rethink its strategic priorities . ”
There are other reasons why such an alliance could prove to be chimerical .
Half of the future state of Palestine is under the control of a Sunni fundamentalist group , Hamas , that is theologically opposed to the Shia dogma , but more than happy to take Iranian money and weapons .
In April , an Arab leader told me he expects Iran to continue encouraging Hamas — as well as the Shia Hezbollah in Lebanon — to subvert any upcoming negotiations .
“ There will be another round of the Israeli - Iranian war this year , ” he predicted .
Which makes the effort to forge an alliance between Israel and its Arab adversaries even more vital .
Trust - building steps must be taken more or less concurrently , but Israel is in a position to make a first , decisive step , by freezing settlement growth on the West Bank .
Arab leaders who do n’t now have diplomatic relations with Israel are ready to reciprocate with direct flights between their capitals and Tel Aviv , and a host of other symbolic yet important moves .
But there is an even more dramatic way to move forward on the peace process , while at the same time marginalizing Iran : demarcate the future borders of the state of Palestine .
David Makovsky , one of the most respected experts on the peace process ( and the co-author of a new book , Myths , Illusions , and Peace , about how to revive the process ) , suggests that freezing settlements should not become an end in itself .
“ There is a convergence of interests between the Arabs and Israelis on Iran .
As such , this moment is a gift that should n’t be wasted , ” Makovsky says .
“ The two sides need to put their differences in perspective to address the common challenge . ”
He suggests leapfrogging the settlements issue and moving to border demarcation .
“ This is not like the issues of Jerusalem and the status of refugees or security arrangements , ” he said .
“ Both sides have already come very close on the West Bank land issue . ”
The former Israeli prime minister Ehud Olmert , before leaving office , suggested that the future state of Palestine be built on 93 percent of the West Bank , and receive additional territory from Israel in a land swap .
Burps from cows and other farm animals wo n't be regulated under proposed greenhouse gas legislation being looked at by the U.S. Congress .
Although the Environmental Protection Agency was n't planning to regulate cow burps in the first place , worries over the far - off possibility of a " cow tax " prompted the exclusion of a specific gas from the legislation .
The largest source of methane in the U.S. is cow , pig and sheep burps .
They produce 25 percent of the methane put out by the U.S. and account for 2 percent of all the U.S. emissions that contribute to climate change .
Enteric fermentation , the process in some animals that produces methane , is excluded from any possible greenhouse gas limits , and the legislation also aims to exclude it from any new standards , such as those being proposed for smokestacks and vehicle tailpipes .
The origins of the cow tax can be traced to last July , when President George W. Bush 's EPA released documents outlining how the Clean Air Act could regulate greenhouse gases .
Even though the Bush administration had no intention of using the law , farm groups seized on a single paragraph deep in the comments from various federal agencies .
The Agriculture Department warned that if EPA decided to regulate agricultural sources of greenhouse gases , numerous farms would face costly and time - consuming process to acquire permits for barnyard burping .
From there , farms groups cautioned that if farms had to purchase air - pollution permits like factories and power plants - which have more options for limiting and controlling emissions - it would be like taxing farmers for having livestock .
While that leaves a source of greenhouse has emissions unchecked , it 's also clear that methane from cow burps can't be approached the same way as factory emissions .
Buildings can be retrofitted or built with pollution - limiting technology .
Animals can't .
Cows - CC licenses by awallafashagba and flikr
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The governor of the Bank of England has called for greater powers to allow it to fulfil its new role of promoting financial stability .
In a major speech in London , Mervyn King said the Bank could no longer act " like a church " whose congregation " ignores its sermons " .
His remarks appeared to be at odds with those made earlier by the chancellor .
Alistair Darling told the same event he had no plans for fundamental changes to the current system of regulation .
The speeches came as the US government announced a major reform of banking regulation to prevent future financial crises .
HOW THE SYSTEM WORKS NOW FSA spots that a bank is failing Bank of England decides what to do about it Treasury provides public money and nationalises if necessary
Q&A : Shake - up for regulation
The overhaul will require big banks to put more money aside against future losses to curb excessive risk - taking .
" No one was responsible for protecting the whole system from the kind of risk that tied these firms from one another , " President Barack Obama said .
" Regulators were charged with seeing the trees , but not the forest .
We were facing one of the largest financial crisis in history and those responsible for oversight were most caught off - guard and without the authority needed to address the problem . "
' Ineffective warnings '
In the UK , oversight of the financial system is carried out jointly by the Treasury , Bank of England and city watchdog , the Financial Services Authority .
But Mr King , delivering the annual Mansion House speech , said the major lesson of the financial crisis was that these authorities lacked the means to take effective action to prevent excessive risk taking at banks .
He said reform of the Bank 's powers was vital if it was to fulfil the role it had been asked to .
" Warnings are unlikely to be effective when people are being asked to change behaviour which seems to them to be highly profitable , " he said .
The Treasury has resisted significant changes to the allocation of regulatory responsibilities
Robert Peston , BBC business editor
Robert Peston 's blog Q&A : UK banking regulation " So it 's not entirely clear how the Bank will be able to discharge its new statutory responsibility if we can do no more than issue sermons or organise burials .
" Blaming individuals is no substitute for acknowledging the failure of the system . "
' Right people '
The chancellor , on the other hand , did blame those at the heads of financial institutions .
And while he said there could be no return to " business as usual " for UK banks , he did not lay out plans for radical , structural change .
Instead , he called for " a change of culture " in which bank staff were " rewarded for long - term success , not for failure " .
" Bank boards must have the right people of the right skills and the right experience to manage themselves more effectively , " the chancellor said .
" And they need to be equipped to ask the right questions .
" Their focus must be on long - term wealth creation and not short - term profits . "
Mr Darling 's approach came in contrast to plans unveiled earlier on Wednesday by US President Barack Obama , which involved the most significant reform of finance regulation since the 1930s Great Depression .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The BBC 's business editor Robert Peston said the comments by Mr King were bound to be seen as an attack on the chancellor because " the Treasury has resisted significant changes to the allocation of regulatory responsibilities between the Financial Services Authority , the Treasury and Bank of England " .
' Too big '
Mr King also outlined what he saw as the problems of the finance sector more widely , saying it had become too " big and too highly leveraged " .
" One important practical step would be to require any regulated bank itself to produce a plan for an orderly wind down of its activities , " he said .
Banks had entered the financial crisis with " inadequate " levels of capital to absorb losses , he said , suggesting that smaller institutions might be a safer bet in the future .
He renewed his call for High Street banks to be prevented from straying into investment banking where they could take big risks while , at the same time the government provided " an implicit guarantee against failure " .
" If some banks are thought to be too big to fail , then , in the words of a distinguished American economist , they are too big , " he added .
Whisper it softly , but there was the beginning of a grown - up debate about financial sector reform and public spending
Stephanie Flanders
BBC economics editor
Read Stephanie 's thoughts in full But Angela Knight , of the British Bankers ' Association , said that the " overwhelming majority " of UK banks had ridden out the downturn without needing direct bail - outs , and said the government should not look to restrict banks ' business models .
" If we intervene and start to break up banks artificially , then the business goes elsewhere , " she said .
Both Mr King and the chancellor spoke of signs of recovery in the economy but remained cautious .
Mr King said that " there are some signs that the British economy is beginning to stabilise " , but said recovery could be " protracted " .
The chairman of the Treasury Committee , John McFall , told the BBC said that the governor had been " sending a message to banks and financial institutions that it was not business as usual " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Iran has been in turmoil since last week 's disputed elections , in which both incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and his chief challenger , Mir Hossein Moussavi , have claimed victory .
With anti-Ahmadinejad protesters relying on cell phones and social media to organize demonstrations , the US State Department has asked popular microblogging service Twitter to postpone an upgrade that could disrupt service in Iran .
The request came last week , around the time of Friday 's election , according to a report by Reuters .
" We highlighted to them that this was an important form of communication , " a State Department official told the news agency .
Aside from that request , the Obama administration has n't had much to say about the election , with the president telling reporters that he does n't want the focus in Iran to be on the US .
" It is up to Iranians to make decisions about who Iran 's leaders will be , " Obama told reporters .
" We respect Iranian sovereignty and want to avoid the United States being the issue inside of Iran . "
While not confirming the existence of a request by the State Department , Twitter has decided to delay the planned network upgrade in part due to the events in Iran .
" A critical network upgrade must be performed to ensure continued operation of Twitter , " cofounder Biz Stone wrote on the Twitter blog .
" In coordination with Twitter , our network host had planned this upgrade for tonight [ Monday ] .
However , our network partners at NTT America recognize the role Twitter is currently playing as an important communication tool in Iran . "
The maintenance was postponed to between 4 pm and 5 pm EDT Tuesday — between 1 am and 2 am in Tehran .
When it comes to the turmoil in Iran , the importance of social media does n't stop with supporters of opposition candidate Moussavi looking to organize demonstrations .
With foreign reporters in Iran confined to their hotel rooms and offices , unable to report on the demonstrations taking place in the Islamic Republic , tweets , text messages , and blog postings have become crucial .
In fact , there has been a lot of criticism of mainstream outlets like CNN for ignoring the first day of demonstrations last Saturday , and the outrage is being expressed on Twitter using the #CNNFail hashtag .
Protesters are using StopAhmadi , mousavi1388 , and IranElection for communications , and hackers are also getting in on the action .
On Monday , a number of Iranian websites were knocked offline by distributed denial of service attacks .
And there 's an effort underway to set up proxy servers to bypass Iranian filters .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Humans bet for money , whereas rats gamble for food Rats are able to play the odds in a " gambling task " designed by scientists to test the biology of addiction .
In the journal Neuropsychopharmacology , researchers describe how the rodents developed a " strategy " in a timed task where they make choices to earn treats .
The rodents avoided high - reward options because these carried high risks of punishment - their sugar pellet supply being cut off for a period .
This decision - making task provides an animal model to study neuropsychiatry .
During the task , which lasted for 30 minutes , rats were given four choices - in the form of holes to investigate .
Nosing each of these holes triggered either the delivery of tasty sugar pellets or a " punishing time - out period " during which rewards could not be earned .
But high - reward holes - those that delivered more pellets at once - also carried the bigger risk of triggering longer periods of punishment .
And rats quickly learned an " optimal strategy " - earning more pellets over the duration of the task by choosing the holes with smaller gains and smaller penalties .
Weigh the odds
The task is based on a card game used to test human decision - making
One of the authors of the study , Trevor Robbins from the University of Cambridge , explained that the rat task was based on an existing clinical experiment called the " Iowa gambling test " .
" This is a game designed to test decision - making in patients who have suffered damage to the frontal lobes of their brains , " he explained .
" This type of injury is unusual - it does n't really affect intellect , but patients become extremely compulsive , making disastrous decisions that can have serious impacts on their lives . "
In the Iowa gambling test , participants choose cards from four decks .
With each card they draw , they either win or lose money , and the object of the game is to win as much as possible .
Some of the decks are associated with small gains and small losses , and will earn a player more money over time .
Certain " bad decks " carry higher rewards , but also incur larger penalties , and will lose money over time .
Like the rat in its quest for sugary rewards , if the player adopts an " optimal strategy " , they will make a profit .
" But patients with frontal lobe damage just do n't learn from their experiences " , said Professor Robbins .
They continue to choose from the " bad decks " .
' Truly translational '
To further test their model , the team looked at how the rats ' performance was affected by drugs that altered levels of two neurotransmitters , dopamine and serotonin .
These are signalling chemicals in the brain that are both thought to play an important role in addiction .
Researchers hope to develop treatments for " pathological gambling "
The rats were given a drug that reduced the amount of serotonin circulating in their brains .
This impaired their ability to make good decisions , and to successfully play the odds .
" Not only have we seen that our rats will gamble , but we 've also been able to modulate that behaviour , " lead author Catharine Winstanley from the University of British Columbia told BBC News .
" This coincides with data we 've seen from pathological gamblers , who have been shown to have lower levels of serotonin in their brains , " she added .
" We also found that we could make our rats better gamblers by giving them a dopamine receptor antagonist - a drug that reduces the effects of the neurotransmitter dopamine . "
This also ties in neatly with clinical findings in humans .
" Treatments for Parkinson 's disease [ which increase dopamine to aid movement ] have been seen to induce pathological gambling , " said Dr Winstanley .
" The hope is that this will stimulate interest in studying gambling . "
Marc Potenza , a psychiatrist from Yale University who specialises in addiction and problem gambling , described the new test as a " significant step forward " that could eventually lead to new therapies to treat gambling behaviour .
" This is truly translational .
It 's a rat model that is mimicking human behaviour , " said Professor Potenza .
" There are currently no approved treatments for pathological gambling or any of the other formal impulse control disorders .
Having good animal models is vital in their development . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Google came out with an alpha service to and from Persian / Farsi today , and you may be wondering how best to make use of it .
Here 's how .
There is a lot of information being posted in Persian only on Twitter , and YouTube often has videos recently uploaded that are also in Persian only and thus are n't receiving the attention they deserve .
A very easy way to help with this is to have a list of links that will go straight to common search terms , enabling English internet users to find content written in Persian alone .
I 've compiled a few links here that will take you straight to the search results for some of these terms ; let me know if you want anything else added .
Note that YouTube may claim that an error occurs when you click on the YouTube links but there are no errors that I can see .
Finally , make sure to mouseover the content to check if it was originally written in English or Persian , as a lot of videos and tweets are in both languages .
Mousavi ( موسوی ) - Twitter / YouTube
Tehran ( تهران ) - Twitter / YouTube
Protest ( اعتراض ) - Twitter / YouTube
Ahmadi ( احمدی ) - Twitter / YouTube - Note : Ahmadinejad is often abbreviated as Ahmadi and the name itself is written with a space in between the two ( Ahmadi Nejad ) so Ahmadi alone will turn up both Ahmadi and Ahmadinejad .
Basij ( بسیج ) - Twitter / YouTube
Basiji ( بسیجی ) - Twitter / YouTube Note : Google is translating Basij and Basiji as " mobilize " so when you see that word it actually means Basij / Basiji .
Karroubi ( کروبی ) - Twitter / YouTube
Shiraz ( شیراز ) - Twitter / YouTube
Tabriz ( تبریز ) - Twitter / YouTube
Esfahan ( اصفهان ) - Twitter / YouTube
Green ( سبز ) - Twitter / YouTube
Qom ( قم ) - Twitter / YouTube
BEIJING ( AFP ) – A chubby - faced Shanghai gas station intern known as “ Little Fatty ” has vaulted to the top of Internet fame in China thanks to cheeky Photoshop artists who are turning the plump youth into a pop icon .
It all started three years ago when Qian Zhijun , then a 16 - year - old high school student , was attending a traffic safety class and someone snapped a picture of his rotund , rosy - cheeked face .
His suspicious - looking sideways glance at the camera soon made its way on to the Internet .
That picture of “ Xiao Pang ” ( “ Little Fatty ” ) , as he was soon dubbed , has since been morphed onto other iconic visages including the Mona Lisa , Mount Rushmore in the United States , Marilyn Monroe and other well - known celebrities .
It has also spawned websites , blogs and numerous fan clubs .
The original photograph from an unknown source ( above ) .
Little Fatty ’s biography , which reveals that he ’s currently 19 , lives in Shanghai , and weighs 98 kg .
One day someone snapped his photo during a school traffic safety activity and , “ Little Fatty ’s soulful , eye - catching gaze quickly conquered the hearts of net friends , setting off a crazy flood of Photoshopping and making Little Fatty unwittingly into a star known around the world . ”
There ’s also a gallery of “ Little Fatty ” spoofs .
Read original article
COLORADO SPRINGS , Colo . - Disgraced evangelical leader Ted Haggard says in a new documentary that he still struggles with his sexuality yet is committed to his marriage for the sake of his children .
Haggard , 52 , resigned as president of the National Association of Evangelicals and was fired as senior pastor of New Life Church in Colorado Springs in November 2006 after a former male prostitute went public with allegations that Haggard paid him for sex and used methamphetamine .
A father of five , Haggard had said he bought the drugs but never used them .
He confessed to undisclosed " sexual immorality " and has said , " I really did sin . "
The Gazette of Colorado Springs reported Thursday that in the documentary , Haggard talks about a lifelong battle with his sexuality - and that he never claimed to be heterosexual .
" The reason I kept my personal struggle a secret is because I feared that my friends would reject me , abandon me and kick me out , and the church would exile and excommunicate me .
And that happened and more , " he says .
Haggard 's wife , Gayle , says she is committed to Haggard .
" I know to restore the honor to our children is to help restore honor to their father , " she says .
" The Trials of Ted Haggard , " directed by Alexandra Pelosi , daughter of U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , is set to air Jan. 29 on HBO .
The Associated Press reported Wednesday that Haggard has agreed to promote the documentary .
Haggard moved his family to Arizona after the scandal and also lived in Texas .
He re-emerged last month at a rural Illinois church , where he delivered guest sermons and said he was sexually abused as a second - grader .
He now sells insurance and , in the documentary , says he is n't successful .
" At this stage in my life , I am a loser , " he says .
Getting Paid ... Sci-Fi Currency Style
Currency and trading becomes the basis for most good economies , including fictional movie storylines .
Most of our favorite tv shows , books , movies , and games have a currency that they used to better tell the story .
If Mike Judge taught us anything with Idiocracy - it's that people like sex and money .
Since only the latter is appropriate here , we 'll focus on that in our entertainment .
With the steady dive of the Dollar , the future of the US monetary system seems uncertain .
But do n't fear !
Regardless of whether the economy is booming or busting , there is always entertainment to keep us happy .
We can all dream of accumulating , credits or whuffie in our post - modern post - death future world , or gambling cubits with Starbuck .
Let 's take a look into the future and check out some of our favorite fictional currencies .
Let 's just hope we do n't all end up using an evil unified federation currency under Anakin Skywalker and Jar Jar Binks .
Without further ado - 130 Science Fiction Currencies in no particular order from some of our favorite tv shows , books , movies , and games .
Table of Contents
TV Shows
1. Cubit - Battlestar Galactica
A cubit is more than just " Battlestar Galactica 's " unit of currency .
As I just learned from a wikipedia search , it 's also :
A cubit is the first recorded unit of length and was one of many different standards of measurement used through history .
It is based on measuring by comparing to one 's forearm length .
Now I do n't know much about " Battlestar Galactica , " but how cool is it that the writers dropped a biblical reference IN OUTER SPACE ?
I wonder if they snuck any more in there ...
2. Smartmoney - Earth : Final Conflict
Produced in Canada from notes discovered after Gene Roddenberry 's death , " Earth : Final Conflict " was about a race of aliens who arrive on Earth and use their advanced technology to end disease , pollution , and war in exchange for asylum .
But I think the real smart money is on nobody remembering this show .
3. Venusian Currency - The Jetsons
The more things change , the more they stay the same .
At least , in the future of 1961 .
As the opening titles will attest , Janehiswife was a bit of a shopaholic , and in one of the more finance - centric episodes of The Jetsons , it comes back to bite Old Georgey .
Jeffrey A. Tucker 's excellent article from Libertarian freemartketeer site LewRockwell.com expains :
... George is feeling a financial pinch because his son wants to go to spaceball camp and his daughter needs a new gown for the prom .
Meanwhile , his wife is stepping up her usual spending habits .
George begins to moonlight as a taxidriver and is nearly fired from his day job ( again ! ) for doing so .
Fortunately he wins the Venus lottery ( in currency units valued at 75 cents on the dollar ) , but unfortunately his family then goes on a wild spending spree even before the payoff arrives .
Meanwhile , his company Spacely Sprockets is faced with a takeover attempt by some corporate raiders from Venus , which is apparently enjoying economic boom times .
Mr. Spacely appeals to George to help him buy more stock to keep the company from falling into Venusian hands .
The plot thickens in every which way until the devastating news arrives that Venus 's economy has collapsed and the currency has been devalued .
It is now worth a tenth of a penny on the dollar .
The takeover attempt is held back but George is now faced with a mountain of debt .
The whole story of the inflated Venusian currency sounds like Argentina today !
But Mr. Tucker overlooks one thing .
Any nation with flying cars and anti-gravity jetpacks would never have to worry about the economy , on account of its booming tourism industry .
Picture it , if you will .
MOM : Hey , Hon ?
I was thinking that after the kids get out of school for the summer , we could go visit my parents in Charlotte .
DAD : Sounds good , dear .
MOM : Really ?
Great , then I 'll look on Orbitz for --
DAD : HAHAHAHAHA !
OMIGOD , I THOUGHT YOU WERE KIDDING !
NO !
NO , WE'RE NOT GOING TO CHARLOTTE TO SEE YOUR NIT - WIT PARENTS !
WE'RE GOING TO THE TROPICAL COUNTRY WITH THE ANTI - GRAVITY JET - PACKS !!!
4. Grotznit - The Mysterious Planet / Dragonfire
Though most of the Dr. Who series dealt in credits , the two serials " The Mysterious Planet " and " Dragonfire " used the parochial grotznits .
Why ?
That 's a good question , and one I 'd answer if I 'd ever seen an episode of " Doctor Who . "
5. Narg - The Two Doctors
They say that giving birth is more painful than being kicked in the nargs , but I do n't believe it .
6. Zeni - Dragonball Z
Dragonballs may be one of the most powerful and valuable objects in the universe , but Goku and Co. would n't have gotten anywhere without zeni .
You'd think that with all this cash on hand , they could afford some new backgrounds .
7. Credits - Firefly
I know I risk getting myself kicked off the internet by putting Firefly this far down the list , but come on , Joss !
You 're a creative genius , but the best you can do is Credits ?!
Way too drop the ball .
8. Dollarpound - Red Dwarf
Not one , but two devalued currencies ?
It 's the best ( worst ) of both worlds !
9. Yen - Euro - Dollars - Ghost in the Shell : Stand Alone Complex
Another catch - all currency .
Apparently , in the future , we 've run out of creative names for money .
10 . Professorland Funbucks - Futurama
" Anthology of Interest " was Futurama 's answer to The Simpsons ' " Treehouse of Horror , " and in " Anthology of Interest II " the Planet Express crew take on " The Wizard of Oz " in a short called " Wizzin . ' "
After journeying to the Emerald Laboratory , Zoidberg asks The Professor for courage and receives a gun .
Bender steals the gun and demands money , instead receiving Professorland Funbucks .
Which , at the current rate of inflation , might be worth more than dollars in the 31st century .
11 . Federation Credits - Star Trek
Bla bla bla future , bla bla bla money , bla bla bla credits .
Sure , there was the occasional Quatloo and Quark of Deep Space Nine was fond of Gold Pressed Latinum , but come on ... you can think up an entire Klingon language but the most imaginative form of money you can conceive of is " Credits ? "
Way to drop the ball , Roddenberry .
12 . Marinaro - Patalliro !
" Patalliro ! " is one of the first sh? çnen - ai anime series to hit TV .
What 's sh? çnen - ai ?
Glad you asked , because besides being REALLY REALLY WEIRD , Wikipedia says it is :
... a popular term for fictional media that focus on homoerotic or homoromantic male relationships , created by female authors and intended for female readers .
All of which for some reason reminds me of the new Star Trek .
But did I mention that " Patalliro " is weird ?
13 . Woolongs - Cowboy Bebop
More than just a variety of tea , woolongs are the money earned by the crew of the starship Bebop .
Question -
How much woolong does it cost to buy one of those ultra- detailed costumes I see on these vaguely sexy girls at comic - con ?
14 . Monies - Invader Zim
Zim is an alien invader intent on conquering and / or destoying a dark , satiricial vision of planet Earth .
Which , of course , is run by " monies ! "
Unfortunately , low ratings meant the show did n't make much monies and was cancelled before completing its second season .
15 . Double Dollars - Trigun
I 'll say this - at first glance , it seems at least twice as valuable as regular dollars ...
16 . Dollops and Sments - Chowder
Dollops and Sments - the primary currency of Chowder , a twisted cartoon geared towards children and the terminally stoned .
17 . Jenny - Hunter X Hunter
Jenny was Hunter X's childhood friend who was abused by her dad , played guitar naked , had a baby Hunter X , and then died .
Also , Hunter X founded the Bubba - Hunter X Shrimp Company and named all his boats after her .
18 . Dollaryen - The Most Irresponsible Man in Space
I do n't know much about it , but " The Most Irresponsible Man in Space " has one of the most hilarious sci- fi titles I 've ever come across .
It was adapted into an anime series called " The Irresponsible Captain Tylor " .
Wikipedia 's description makes him seem less " irresponsible " and more " borderline retarded . "
Lt. Commander Justy Ueki Tylor is a mysterious , irresponsible man .
Tylor , age 20 , joined the United Planets Space Force for , what he hoped would be , an easy life .
Originally assigned to the Pension department , he unwittingly foiled a terrorist plot to kidnap and kill a retired UPSF admiral when he tried to deliver a late check by hand .
For saving the war hero 's life , Tylor was promoted to Lieutenant Commander and placed in command of the destroyer Soyokaze ( the UPSF dumping ground for trouble makers and the unwanted ) .
Tylor has , as his superiors have put it , ' The Devil 's own luck ' and usually can get out of any situation relatively unscathed , avoiding multiple assassination attempts and defeating enemy groups of vastly superior numbers .
He is very laid back and does not really care for the rules , using his authority as captain to change whatever regulations seem too uptight for him .
He is also easily led by his crew , who are able to convince him to allow them to wear comfortable clothes on watch , hold a swimsuit competition , and let the surgeon drink while on duty .
The UPSF and the Ralgon Empire are constantly debating whether Tylor possesses the most brilliant military mind or whether he is just a lucky moron .
You can judge Captain Tylor 's mental state for yourself here :
19 . Dollaryen - Gunbuster
More like creativitybuster .
Who 's more irresponsible - the captain , or the schmuck who copies his currency ?
20 . Wong - Outlaw Star
" Outlaw Star " is both the title of a long - running anime series about space faring outlaws and the name of their starship .
But with the fastest , most advanced ship in the universe at their disposal , you 'd think these outlaws wuld have more Wongs than a Chinese phonebook .
HEY -YO !
21 . Beri ( Berries ) - One Piece
" One Piece " is a manga and anime series with the only currency that gives you diahrrea if you have too much of it .
Or do berries only effect me that way ?
22 . Sens - Fullmetal Alchemist
" Fullmetal Alchemist " is a manga series about two brothers who want to restore their bodies after a disatrous alchemical experiment took one 's arm and leg and turned the other into some kind of giant stone robot .
Hey , do n't ask me .
Personally I 've never been able to make sens out of it .
OK , that was the last pun .
Promise .
23 . Kan - Bleach
" Bleach " is an anime series about a young man who gains the abilities of the Grim Reaper .
I was never really able to get into it .
Kan you ?
Ugh .
I 'm disgusted with myself .
This punning ... it 's like a sickness ...
Anyone care to host my Puntervention ?
24 . Hytes and Kules - Mobile Suit Gundam
Hytes and Kules are the currency of the Riah colonies from Gundam 0080 .
But really , who needs money when you 've got a RH - 35E Riah 35 Draken-E ?
25 . Nargs - The Two Doctors
A " Doctor Who " serial , " The Two Doctors " was crossover episode between the Sixth Doctor and the Second Doctor .
Which is all I know about it , as I find " Doctor Who " harder to get into than a nun 's pants .
Back to top
Books
26 . Whuffie - Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom
Like most utopian futures , " Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom " is a post - scarcity economy , where all the necessities and luxuries of life are free for the taking .
So what 's its unit of currency ?
Meet the Whuffie - a reputation - based money that goes up or down based on people 's perception of you .
Sort of like Tumblr .
27 . Galleons , Sickles , and Knuts - Harry Potter series
In the Harry Potter books , Hagrid says , " The gold ones are Galleons .
Seventeen silver Sickles to a Galleon and twenty - nine Knuts to a Sickle , it 's easy enough . "
Which breaks down to 1 Galleon equaling 17 Sickles or 493 Knuts .
The conversion to muggle money is n't quite so simple , but a calculator is available here .
The first person to figure out what a year 's tuition at Hogwart 's costs gets a free prize .
28 . Fairy Gold - Artemis Fowl series
Fairy Gold is the titular Artemis Fowl 's raison d'etre .
The pursuit of gold is why he does what he does in the book series that 's been called " ' Die Hard ' with Fairies . "
Keep in mind - Fairy Gold is , according to folklore , something that appears to be money when payed out but is soon revealed to be nothing but leaves and not , as has been presupposed , a West Hollywood gay bar .
29 . Sequins - Kim Stanley Robinson's " Mars " Trilogy
Kim Stanley Robinson 's hard SF trilogy " Red Mars , " " Green Mars , " and " Bue Mars " utilized a form of currency called Sequins .
Though on Earth , a " sequin " is sometimes a 3.5 gram gold coin , I like to pretend that they trade in whatever falls off Dolly Parton 's dress .
30 . Air Dollars - H.G. Wells ' " The Shape of Things to Come "
Though " The Shape of Things to Come " correctly predicted things like World War II and submarine - launched ballistic missles , Wells missed the mark on Air Dollars .
The currency of a benevolent dictatorship ruled by aviators , Air Dollars , contrary to what one might assume , could not be cashed in to upgrade from coach to first class .
31 . Crescents - Chronicles of Narnia
Crescents are the currency of choice for C.S. Lewis' " Chronicles of Narnia . "
They actually replaced an earlier form of currency , the blood of Azlan 's virgin - birthed son .
32 . Ankh - Morpork Dollars - Discworld
On Terry Pratchett 's Discworld , the city of Ankh - Morpork is London , New York , and Rennaissance - era Florence all wrapped up in one walled city - state .
The mercantile capitol of the planet , Ankh - Morpork Dollars are the lifeblood of the city .
Although other city - states have their own currencies , they maintain strong links with the dollar , as Ankh - Morpork is the only place which has anything worth buying .
33 . Nick - Left Behind
If you think " Chronicles of Narnia " lays it on thick with the Christian allegories , wait ' til you get to " Left Behind , " which takes place in a post - Rapture society where the Antichrist has been elected president of the U.N .
So every time some whackadoo dingbat says Obama is the devil , now you know where they got the idea .
And hey -
Is it just me , or is it not too much to ask to expect our world 's crazy people to at least be original in their insanity ?
34 . Kongbucks - Snow Crash
Neal Stephenson 's " Snow Crash " takes place in a future where hyperinflation has devalued the US Dollar to the point that even trillion dollar bills are disregarded and the quadrillion is the most prevalent " small bill . "
Enter Kongbucks , the currency of Greater Hong Kong and the only non-inflated currency besides the yen .
Also , Kongbucks are what you get as store credit in the Donkey Kong Country Gift Shop . *
* - Total Lie .
35 . C- Bills - BattleTech
If in the future , C - Bill still means 100 dollars , these enormous BattleMechs can't be all that advanced , can they ?
I mean ...
I can't buy a laptop for a hundred bucks , but a few c- bills is all it costs for a 55 ton war machine ?
36 . Kalganids - Second Foundation
In Asimov's " Foundation " trilogy , Kalgan was a pleasure planet that raked in more cash than any other world .
Say it with me now , kids ...
" KALGAN , TAKE ME AWAY ! "
37 . Oceanian Dollar - 1984
Let 's get all 11th grade english class for a second .
In Orwell 's 1984 , the United States and Great Britain have fused into one enormous totalitarian nation called Oceania .
Their money was a combination of the Dollar and Pound .
The nerds over at wikipedia say :
It is specifically stated that the 25 - cent coin bears the picture of Big Brother on one face and the famous party slogans ( " War is Peace , Freedom is Slavery , Ignorance is Strength " ) on the other .
Presumably , paper notes for higher denominations also bear Big Brother 's picture , but this is not explicitly stated .
Frankly , there 's absolutely nothing funny about 1984 .
I 'd rather strap myself into the rat cage - hat then write a joke for this .
38 . Marks - Dragon Riders of Pern
A Mark is the denomination of choice for Anne McCaffrey 's " Dragon Rider " series .
Of course , given the galactic truth at all dentists are named Mark , this means that dentists are the richest people on Pern .
39 . Solari - Dune
Even though spice is the most valuable commodity in the Dune universe , they still use Solari as the main form of currency .
Melange , or spice , went as high as 620,000 Solaris per decagram .
Duke Atreides notes that of every commodity known to mankind , " all fades before melange .
A handful of spice will buy a home on Tupile . "
But be careful - you never know when the Tupile housing market 's going to go bust .
And do n't get me started on the schools ...
40 . Tik , Agol , Smerduk , and Riik - Fafhrd and the Grey Mouser
Fritz Leiber 's seminal sword - and - sorcery series was chock full of two things - homoerotic undertones between Fafhrd the barbarian and Mouser the thief , and currencies .
Fafhrd and Mouser were payed in tik ( iron , ) agol ( bronze ) , smerduk ( silver ) , and rilk ( gold . )
Basically , they take everything but the Discover card .
41 . Ozol - Alastor series
Ozol is the unit of money in Jack Vance 's " Alastor " series of books .
The best way to earn Ozol is in Hussade , an American Gladiators - like game involving denuding beautiful virgins , natch .
The book describes it as :
The hussade field is a gridiron of ' runs ' ( also called ' ways ' ) and ‘ laterals ' above a tank of water four feet deep .
The runs are nine feet apart , the laterals twelve feet .
Trapezes permit the players to swing sideways from run to run , but not from lateral to lateral .
The central moat is eight feet wide and can be passed at either end , at the center , or jumped if the player is sufficiently agile .
The ' home ' tanks at either end of the field flank the platform on which stands the sheirl .
The sheirl stands on her platform at the end of the field between the home tanks .
She wears a white gown with a gold ring at the front .
The enemy players seek to lay hold of this gold ring ; a single pull denudes the sheirl .
The dignity of the sheirl may be ransomed by her captain for five hundred ozols , a thousand , two thousand , or higher , in accordance with a prearranged schedule .
Players buff or body - block opposing players into the tanks , but may not use their hands to push , pull , hold , or tackle .
The captain of each team carries the ' hange ' - a bulb on a three - foot pedestal .
When the light glows the captain may not be attacked , nor may he attack .
When he moves six feet from the hange , or when he lifts the hange to shift his position , the light goes dead ; he may then attack and be attacked .
An extremely strong captain may almost ignore his hange ; a captain less able stations himself on a key junction , which he is then able to protect by virtue of his impregnability within the area of the live hange .
OK .
Hussade now joins
Hockey under the category " Sports I wish I could watch on TV . "
42 . Altarian Dollar - The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy
42 - besides being the answer to Life , The Universe , and Everything , is also Douglas Adams ' deranged masterwork " The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy , " the main unit of currency is the Altarian Dollar , followed closely by the Flainian Pibble Bead and the Triganic Pu .
However , none of them are very useful .
The " Hitchhiker 's Guide " wikia tells us :
The Altarian Dollar has recently collapsed , the Flainian Pobble Bead is only exchangeble for other Flainian Pobble Beads , and the Triganic Pu has its own very special problems .
Its exchange rate of eight Ningis to one Pu is simple enough , but since a Ningi is a triangular rubber coin six thousand eight hundred miles along each side , no one has ever collected enough to own one Pu. Ningis are not negotiable currency , because the Galactibanks refuse to deal in fiddling small change .
From this basic premise it is very simple to prove that the Galactibanks are also the product of a deranged imagination .
Now let 's take a moment and realize just how close wikis are to actual guides to hitchhiking around the universe .
...
OK , moment 's passed .
43 . Fretzers - Frritt - Flacc
Jules Verne's " Frritt - Flacc " tells the story of a wealthy doctor who only works for the very rich , who pay him in Fretzers .
While sleeping through a hurricane , which gives us the titular " Frritt " sound of wind and " Flacc " of rain , Dr. Trifulgas is awakened time and again by people needing his medical skills .
All but one are too poor to afford him .
When one woman does have enough Fretzers , she leads the doctor to her house only to discover ...
THAT IT IS THE DOCTOR HIMSELF LYING IN BED DYING !
Cue the soap opera organ music .
And no , I do n't feel bad about giving away the ending .
This story was published in 1884 , so it 's comfortably out of the Spoiler Alert Statute of Limitations .
44 . Ool - Dance of Gods
45 . Swiss Franc - High Justice series
Of all the countries that issued francs , Switzerland is the only one that has n't converted to Euros .
Apparently , Switzerland keeps it that way well into the future of " High Justice . "
The book is full of other fun , nigh - radical right wing ideas like environmentalism , welfare , high taxes , and trade unions impeding technological progress and agents of giant multinational conglomerates cast as literary heroes .
46 . S.V.U. ( Standard Value Units ) - Demon Princes
No fancy names , just the cold clinical fact .
Standard Value Unit .
Has a nice ring to it .
Wikipedia provides some details :
Buying power of the SVU appears to be roughly on a par with the United States dollar or English pound sterling of the 1960s and 1970s ; alcoholic beverages may cost less than one SVU , a luxury meal twenty or thirty ; minor officials may be effectively bribed for fifty SVU , more senior ones requiring hundreds or thousands according to the nature of the enterprise being suborned .
So there you go .
You now know how many SVUs it takes to bribe a senior governmental official .
Do n't say I never did anything for you .
47 . Marks - Vorkosigan Saga
Eh ... not a fan .
I 'm a strictly non-marking soul .
48 . Credits and Dollars - Rim World
Rim ?!
HAHAHAHAHA IT'S SUCH A DIRTY SOUNDING WORLD LOLZLOLZLOLZLOLZ
49 . Hong Kong Luna Dollar - The Moon is a Harsh Mistress
The Hong Kong Luna Dollar is the currency of Earth 's moon colony in ...
PFFFFF !
I 'M SORRY !
I TRIED TO CONTAIN MYSELF , BUT ....
RIM !
Hahahahahaha !
50 . Fuseodollars - The Night 's Dawn Trilogy
Peter F. Hamilton 's " The Night 's Dawn " trilogy details a distant future where a space - exploring human race fights against past souls reenteing the world via posession .
So it 's kind of like DC 's new Blackest Night mini , only without the zombified Aquaman .
And really , can't all book series use a zombified Aquaman ?
51 . Credits - What Mad Universe
I know I 've crapped on credits quite a bit here , but the wikipedia page for What Mad Universe actually makes it seem kind of cool .
Synopsis Keith Winton is a journalist for a science - fiction review .
With his glamorous co-worker girlfriend , Betty , he visits his friends one day in their elegant estate in the Catskills , unfortunately , as we 'll find out , on the same day as an experimental rocket is to be launched .
Betty has to go back to New York .
Keith is alone in his friends ' garden , deep in thought , when , suddenly , the engine of the rocket ( whose launch has been a failure ) crashes and explodes upon his friends ' residence , taking him to a strange but deceptively similar parallel universe .
Wild - eyed and astray , Keith is astonished to see how credits have replaced dollars ; is amazed when he encounters some scantily - clad pin-up girls who are , at the same time , astronauts ; is driven to stupor when he encounters his first Arcturian .
But it is when he tries to get back to his usual world when he finally understands his problem , if not the solution .
Style What Mad Universe is full of humour , mostly stemming from the description of the culture shock that the protagonist feels , and the strange things that are in the universe , like knitting machines that open the way for a voyage in space .
A half - serious , half - humorous take on modern society and the reality of our world , its light - hearted style would be built on by subsequent books , most notably his 1955 work , Martians , Go Home .
52 . Auric - The Domination of Draka
The Auric is the gold - backed currency of S.M. Stirling 's dystopic " The Domincation of Draka " series .
It 's also the first name of the titular villain of " Goldfinger . "
Which is a fact I include just for the excuse to link to this video :
Gold ....
FINGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH !
53 . New Yen - " Sprawl " stories
New Yen ?
What 's wrong with the old Yen ?
You kids today with your video games and music television and New Yen...rasslefrasslegrassum ....
54 . Stellars and Minims - Citizens of the Galaxy
Heinlein's " Cititzens of the Galaxy " was published in 1957 , and for a young - adult book made bold statements about the civil rights struggle .
There are ten Minims in a Stellar , and " Citizens of the Galaxy " details the adventures of Thorby , a young slave boy purchased for just nine Minims and thrust into a galactic struggle for freedom .
It goes beyond simply deciding slavery as racism and instead makes the more difficult case that slavery is a violation of inalienable personal rights .
If you want to give it a read , the entire text is available free online ( but hurry - who knows how long that will last . )
55 . Crowns - Inheritance Trilogy
The Inheritance Trilogy details a future where United States Space Marines fight aliens and trade in Crowns .
Just like Doom .
Only with Crowns .
56 . Crowns - Known Space
Do n't worry , we 're not being repetitive .
The crowns in Inheritance Trilogy are coins .
The crowns in Known Space ?
Actual bejeweled hats worn by royalty .
57 . Days - Strata
Strata ?
Whatta ?
Days are the unit of currency from a Terry Pratchett book I 've never heard of called " Strata . "
Again , the virgins at Wikipedia come to the rescue :
One Day is the amount of money that will buy you the rejuvenation treatment needed to increase your lifespan by one day .
Sure , " Strata 's " no " Star Trek " or " Firefly , ' but seriously .
If you can read that explanation and not want to run and pick up a copy of that book , then what the hell are you doing all the way down here ?
Did you read through all those sci- fi currencies without having an actual interest in the subject ?
Wow .
Way to waste both our times .
Movies
58 . Credits - Total Recall
I wonder how many credits it costs to go to Mars for two weeks ... two weeks ... two ... weeks ...
59 . Imperial Credits - Star Wars
A long time ago in a galaxy far , far away , George Lucas was too busy having his poo bronzed to think up a more creative money than " Credits . "
To be fair , various planets do have their own forms of currency like the Adumari credcoin , Alliance Credit , Authority Cash Voucher , Cred stick , Credit chip , Credit chit , Crystalline vertex , Drallish crown , Driit , Druggat , Galactic Credit Standard , Galactic Moon Coin , Ithorian currency , Karsem , Keshel , Meatlump , Mesarc , Military scrip , Novian ruby , Peggat , Perats , Trugut , Wupiupi .
And then there 's Jabba the Hutt 's favorite money , the creepy frog - thing .
60 . Spacebucks - Spaceballs
The most valuable object in Spaceballs is obviously canned oxygen .
The second most valuable object - Spacebucks , for which Lonestar is happy to transport a princess who does n't look druish .
61 . Dirt - Waterworld
I was going to put in a clip of Kevin Costner screaming that " Dry Land is not a myth ! "
But I could n't find it , so here 's a fat guy saying it in the shower .
62 . Anti-Money - The Adventures of Pluto Nash
Okay , I do n't really know what they called the money in Pluto Nash .
All I know is that they did n't make any .
For a movie that cost $ 120 million , it brought in less than nine .
But with this hysterical trailer , what could have gone wrong ?
63 . Creds - Judge Dredd
Judge Dredd paid for his seemingly never - ending supply of ammo in creds .
I wonder if he wrote those off on his taxes ?
It 's nice to get a few creds back at the end of the year .
64 . I dunno .
Aliens ?
Robots ?
Was n't very clear - A.I. Artificial Intelligence
Seriously .
Why does Anthony Hopkins look like an Imac ?
65 . Barcodes - Idiocracy
In Mike Judge 's underrated " Idiocracy , " Maya Rudolph and Luke Wilson awake from a 500 - year hibernation study into a world populated by the dumbest , fattest , and laziest among us .
Money is debited from accounts by scanning barcodes on people 's wrists .
And they really like farts .
66 . Water - Ice Pirates
Any trailer that advertises " Depravity in Zero Gravity " has me hooked .
Back to top
Games
67 . Bottlecaps - Fallout
Bottlecaps serve as currency in the post - apocalyptic video game " Fallout . "
Just like they served as poker chips on my college poker night , which usually followed drink - beer - til - you - spew - but - be - sure - to - save - the - caps night .
68 . Sovereigns - Knights of Xentar
" Knights of Xentar " is included not because it used a notable currency , but because when I was a kid a friend of mine downloaded it off a warez site without realizing it was a heavily pornographic RPG .
Believe it or not , that picture up there is from the censored version .
There are two kinds of people in this world .
Those who are aware of video games where you rescue the princess and then have explicit sex with her , and those who are n't .
Once you fall into the former category , there 's no going back to the latter .
And it happened to me when I was 11 .
69 . Nuyen - Shadowrun
" Shadowrun " is difficult to define .
Was it too geeky to be cool , or too cool to be geeky ?
Either way , it takes place in a cyberpunk future where , thanks to the end of the Mayan calendar , magic has returned to a world run by shadowy mega-corporations .
These companies employ mercenaries called Shadowrunners to sabotage eachother , whom they pay in Nuyen .
70 . Buckazoid - Space Quest
Another blast from the past from the future , Space Quest was released during what is , for my present - day money , the golden age of video games .
Not packed with action , true , but the deep and hysterical storyline more than made up for it .
Published by Sierra during the height of their point - and - click adventure days , you play as Roger Wilco , space janitor .
But there are better ways to rake in the buckazoids then by swabbing spacedecks , and Roger usually manages to take charge of his own ship .
He navigates the cosmos , stumbling from one planet to another , spoofing science fiction franchises along the way .
Did I mention that thanks to a transporter accident , one high ranking officer has a butt for a face ?
His name -- you guessed it -- REAR ADMIRAL .
Come on !
How have they not remade this game yet ?
71 . Gold - World of Warcraft
Like most MMORPGs , gold in World of Warcraft is gained by opening treasure chests , slaying monsters , and paying off bare - chested , chain - smoking Chinese people .
72 . Gil - Final Fantasy
Are they heroes ?
Are they strippers ?
Your guess is as good as mine .
Gil is the unit of currency these sexy guys pick up by winning battles in the Final Fantasy franchise .
Which always begs the question , " Why do monsters carry around so much cash ? "
73 . Munny - Kingdom Hearts
You might think that a Square - Enix RPG starring classic Disney characters would n't work .
Well , you 'd be right .
But if you have an overpowering drive to play as a 14 - year - old with an unlimited supply of hair gel who teams up with Donald Duck and Goofy to rescue Mickey Mouse , you wo n't get very far without Munny .
Or decent drugs .
74 . Rupees - The Legend of Zelda
Rupees are those little glowing diamond thingies that Link picks up to feed his kingdom - saving habit .
They come in various colorful denominations .
Fun fact : Apparently , Hyrule shares the same currency as India , Pakistan , Sri Lanka , and Nepal .
75 . Rings - Sonic the Hedgehog
Sonic 's penchant for collecting rings is just one of the 9 ways that he 's like an Italian grandmother * .
* Think you know the other 8 ?
Drop some knowledge in our comments .
76 . Tiberium - Command and Conquer
Tiberium is an alien mineral that is both a resource and weapon in the " Command and Conquer " series .
The crystals are used to purchase new units and buildings , and are frequently battled over in - game .
Also , Tiberium is toxic to living creatures - just like real money .
77 . Simoleons - The Sims
Simoleons are what you use in " The Sims " to buy things to keep your virtual family happy .
Think of it as imaginary money you make when you should be out earning real money .
78 . Bolts - Mega Man 7
In " Mega Man 7 , " our old friend Mega collects bolts while fighting the evil Robot Masters and uses them to have his ally Auto create upgrades for him .
Think of it like a stripper who uses those sweaty fivers you cram into her g-string on plastic surgery to increase her tips .
It 's a vicious , vicious cycle ... especially considering that Mega Man never did use those bolts to go back to school .
79 . Bison Dollar - Street Fighter
Street Fighters use every cent of the Bison Dollar .
80 . PED ( Project Entropia Dollar ) - Entropia Universe
You know what I hate about Project Entropia Dollars ?
No other project will accept them !
It 's like having store credit or confederate money .
81 . Ptas - Resident Evil 4
" Resident Evil 4 " is about a US government agent fighting zombies while searching for the President 's daughter ... who does n't get payed in American dollars ?
Is n't that treason ?
Why not just take Euros ?
82 . Goth - Ogre Battle Series
In the video game series " Ogre Battle , " money is called Goth and is gained by defeating monsters .
Of course in the real world , all you have to do is ask a teenage suburbanite to learn that the easiest way to get Goth is to go to the mall .
83 . Funds Advance Wars
How advanced can these wars really be if they 're using " funds " ?
Why not " megafunds " or " Advancefunds " " dollaryenfundcreds " ?
84 . Pearls - Beyond Good and Evil
Pearls are the main currency of the video game " Beyond Good And Evil . "
SPOILER ALERT :
The best place to find them is anywhere before swine .
85 . Gilda - Dark Cloud
' Nuf Said .
86 . Space Credit - F- Zero
You see , Firefly ?
SPACE credit !
WAS THAT SO HARD ?
87. Zenny - Mega Man Legends
In the world of Mega Man Legends , money is called Zenny , named after Mega Man 's childhood friend who was abused by her dad and ...
Wait .
I already did a Forest Gump joke ?
Like a hundred currencies ago ?
FML .
88 . cR - Halo
cR is the currency of the Halo universe .
Not that it matters much , considering that Halo is more shooting then shopping .
More decapitating than decapitalizing .
More ka-pow than ka-ching .
Still , if you want to know how much cR it costs to blow up all those aliens , check out Halopedia .
89 . Dil - 2Moons
It 's a free MMORPG from Acclaim and its money sounds like pickles ?
IN FOR 3 .
90 . Bell - Animal Crossing
Bells are the unit of currency in Nintendo's " Animal Crossing " series .
As a matter of fact , the first thing that happens in the game is someone gives you a house with a mortgage of 19,800 bells .
That mortgage , of course , is promptly bundled with others and sliced up for sale to investors from the Mushroom Kingdom , setting up a console - wide economic collapse .
91 . Tokkul - RuneScape
RuneScape - holder of the Guiness Book World Record for most popular free MMORPG - utilizes a form of cash called Tokkul .
The RuneScape wiki explains :
Tokkul is the only currency of the TzHaar people residing in the underground TzHaar City .
It is made from obsidian , a volcanic glass ; it can not be created by players .
Tokkul is sometimes referred to as TokKul by some of the NPCs in the city .
Apparently , Tokkul is made out of corpses of the TzHaar , as said in a Postbag from the Hedge letter .
This is the reason why you cannot trade Tokkul with other players .
Money made from people ?
Cue the Charlton Heston impression in three ... two ... one ...
92 . Zorkmids - Zork
The great granddaddy of computer games , " Zork 's " currency of choice is the Zorkmid .
There 's actually a campaign to get Activision to mint some real life Zorkmids , but it looks like their plan 's fallen apart .
Still , if you 're an old school gamer ( and I 'm talking OLDEST school .
Plato and The Academy style ) and you have some real money to spend , you might get The Zorkmid Project off the ground .
93 . Gella - Wild ARMs
It 's a western !
It 's an RPG !
It 's gold !
It 's hair gel !
It 's Gella !
94 . Gold Crowns - WarHammer World
Gold crowns ?
Like at the dentist 's office ?
DAMN YOU DENTAL PROFESSION !
WAS PERN NOT ENOUGH FOR YOU ?
MUST YOU DOMINATE WARHAMMER WORLD AS WELL ?
95 . Zeny - Ragnarok Online
Huh .
Dragonball Z , Megaman Legends , and Ragnarok Online .
Zeni , Zenny , and Zeny .
Anyone else sensing a pattern ?
96 . Septims - The Elder Scrolls
Septims are extermely valuable in the classic video game franchise " The Elder Scrolls . "
Unless your septim is deviated , in which case I know a doctor who does this procedure that 'll keep you from snoring .
97 . Denars - Mount & Blade
" Mount & Blade , " an action RPG with strong emphasis on mounted warfare - deals in Denars .
It makes sense when you consider the game 's writers are from Turkey .
Denars were a popular currency in the Middle East , and still are in some countries .
As a matter of fact , there 's such a thing as e-dinar - a private , digital currency that deals in gold .
Like Paypal for the obscenely rich .
98 . Zehn - Rogue Galaxy
" Rogue Galaxy " is a Playstation 2 game detailing the adventures of Jaster Rogue , space pirate .
Literally .
His space ship looks like a Galleon .
Seriously , people .
I know you all liked those " Pirates of the Carribean " movies .
They were n't really for me - too much guyliner - but I say live and let live .
But have n't we taken this fascination with pirates too far when we put their boats in outer space ?
99 . Fol - Star Ocean
The Star Ocean franchise is an RPG strongly inspired by " Star Trek . "
But at least they do n't deal in credits .
Star Ocean
Wiki says :
Fol is the recurring universal currency of the Star Ocean series .
It can be obtained by defeating enemies in battles , selling items to shops , as a reward , or found in treasure chests ; it is used to buy weapons , armor and items .
Also , Billy Corgan whines his way through a Smashing Pumpkins song called " FOL . "
100 . Gald - Tales of Phantasia
" OK , guys .
Thanks for making it to the big ' Tales of Phantasia ' staff meeting .
Now we need a currency that sounds like ' gold , ' but is a little different .
Not too different , just maybe a syllable .
Oh , wait , just got an email from The Big Guy saying a syllable is too much , we should just go for a letter .
So what do you think " ' Golf ? ' ' Gord ? ' ' Geld ? '
No , stay with me here ... "
101 . Bounty - Too Human
" Too Human " is an action - RPG that blends Norse mythology with science fiction .
Converesely , " Human , All Too Human " is a book by Friedrich Nietzsche where he attacks organized religion , specifically Christianity .
Guess which one 's more fun ?
HINT : 1UP gave " Too Human " a C+.
102 . Uroch - Steambot Chronicles
In the world of " Steambot Chronicles , " Uroch is a type of currency you use to upgrade your battlemech .
In the real world , URoch is a college in Rochester , NY with a serene campus and top-rated music program .
103 . SPI - Space Cowboy Online
" Space Cowboy Online " is the North American name of " Ace Online , " a Korean MMORPG and 3D shooter .
It 's also way too complicated for an old school gamer like me to understand ( I 'm currently playing a fan - made version of " X - Com : Ufo Defense , " which actually kicks a lot of ass )
Luckily , there 's Wikipedia :
Strategic Points - Strategic
Points are spawned in a random map at random times , and it will despawn one hour after its spawn if not destroyed completely .
An announcement is made to all players of both factions of the map the Point has spawned in .
When a Strategic Point is destroyed , all participants in the assault force ( anyone that was in the map or the map behind [ dead or alive ] upon destruction of the Strategic Point ) gains a " SPI Capsule " , which will give a random amount of monetary reward , ranging from 150,000 up to 300,000 ; and 300WP , besides his / her nation gaining 500 NCP .
When a Strategic Point is successfully defended until despawn , the defender gains 500 NCP and the " SPI Capsule " along with the 300 WP .
Any nation 's player that still loses the Strategic Point while being one map before / after the location of the Strategic Point will still gain 100 WP .
Uh ... say what ?
104 . Warl - Trapt
Warl is the currency of " Trapt , " a fantasy / action / strategy game for the Playstation 2 and not a single from " Trapt , " the alternative - rock band from Los Gatos .
105 . Energy - Alpha Centauri
" Alpha Centauri " is a galactic colonization game from Sid Meirs , of " Civilization " fame .
The currency was energy , which though can neither be created nor destroyed can apparently be spent on space probes and moonbases .
106 .
Alz - Cabal Online
" Cabal Online " is a free Korean 3D MMORPG that , according to PC Gamer UK , is " mindblowingly generic . "
Alz is the game 's name for gold pieces .
But apparently , all the gold pieces in the world wo n't buy you a little creativity .
I 'm sorry .
Please do n't be mad .
It 's not even that you did anything particularly horrible , other than being so uninteresting that I had to dig up this whole tortured metaphor to get anyone to read this far into a discussion of your latest game .
It 's simply that the competition is better to the point where you do n't need to exist .
107 . Pyreals - Asheron's Call
In the MMORPG " Asheron 's Call , " Pyreal refers to both a metal alloy and the money made from it .
Like our " Nickel , " if nickels were infused with Mana .
And with some of the germs Dateline 's discovered on our money , I would n't be surprised if there was a little mana on there .
108 . Mito - Drift City
RPG meets racing game in " Drift City , " which is in Skid County just past Nitrousville .
If you get to Body Shoppington , you 've gone too far .
109 . Bits - Genso Suikoden
It seems like calling your money " bits " is just a little poverty - tempting .
Why not at least call it " Bytes " or shoot for the moon with " Gigas " ?
110 . Ferg - Jinxter
Jinxter is a text - adventure game that came out way back in 1987 .
Though in - game trading was done in Fergs , the game really traded on its absurdist humor .
If you 're so inclined , it can be downloaded here .
111 . Adena - Lineage
Another Korean MMORPG - jeez , it 's like the things are their national export or something - " Lineage 's " one million subscribers deal in Adena .
Adena can be found in the usual places - dungeons , monsters , and Chinese gold farmers .
112 . Scarabs - StarFox Adventures
Scarabs are the currency of " StarFox Adventures , " which took Fox McCloud out of the Arwing and onto Dinsoaur Planet .
Here 's a fun fact : Scarabs are based on the Egyptian Dung Beetle , which spends its whole life rolling bals of poop around .
And you thought your job was shitty .
113 . Crimps - Traveller
Crimps are the currency of the classic pen-and - paper RPG " Traveller . "
I 'm not sure where to find Crimps , but might I suggest Dad 's tackle box ?
114 . Nanites - System Shock 2
In " System Shock 2 , " nanites are used to purchase items from vending machines .
But the only shock to my systems is that in the distant future , people still use vending machines .
Really ?
We can travel in starships faster than light but I still have to count out 85 cents for a roll of Mentos ?
115 . Meat - Kingdom of Loathing
Meat is the main currency in the satirical online MMORPG Kingdom of Loathing .
Which leaves Vegetarians right where they belong - below the poverty line .
116 . Baum - Alex Kidd in Miracle World
Yo dawg , Alex Kidd ?
He 's da ' baum !
117 . Oz - Cortex Command
Follow me here .
Alex Kidd 's currency was the Baum .
L. Frank Baum wrote " The Wizard of Oz . " Cortex Command 's currency is the Oz ... which means that the disembodied head you play as in the game must be the mind of L. Frank Baum !
... wait .
What 's that about the disembodied brain ?
Cortex Command is a 2 - dimensional side - scrolling action game developed by Data Realms .
In the game , the player takes the role of a disembodied brain , who controls various clones to achieve his aims ..
As the brain is weak , the player must manage his resources carefully , protecting the brain , mining gold and fighting off enemies .
Wow .
That sounds gross .
And I played Knights of Xentar .
118 . Dotori - Cyworld
In the social network of Cyworld , Dotori is used to pay for virtual goods and services .
According to CNN , they actually make about $ 300,000 USD every day just from selling Dotori .
119 . Hell - Disgaea
Hell is other people ...'s money .
120 . Mesos - Maplestory
Yet another South Korean MMOPRG , Maplestory is a 2 - D side - scroller that , as far as I can tell , has nothing to do with maple syrup .
Which is disappointing .
121 . Moolah - Oddworld
Yep .
That 's odd .
122 . Pangya - Pang
Nothing I write here will be any funnier than the way " Pangya " sounds when you say it out loud , so I 'll just take a backseat here while you try it for yourself .
Pangya .
Pang-ya .
Pang - Ya !
123 . Ka-Ching - Patapon
Pang -ya .... Pang , yeah ?
Pang !
Yeah !
... Yep , still funny .
124 . Meseta - Phantasy Star
Meseta is from the Spanish for " table , " while Phantasy Star is from the Sega for " God , we with this game was as good as Final Fantasy why is n't it oh lord please why is n't it ? "
125 . Pokos - Pikmin
Pokos is too adorable a word to be a currency .
Dollar .
Buck .
These are hard words .
" Poko " is a noise a bird makes .
A tiny bird with a broken wing .
Who wishes he could man up and actually talk to that girl from the record store .
I mean , how many copies of " Graceland " can one tiny bird buy just for the excuse to talk to the cute goth chick behind the register ?
126 . Dagols - Radiata Story
Whoa , that 's way too close to a racist word , Radiota Story .
Might as well call your money " Spicos " or " Kikeykins . "
We 're past that stuff , man .
Obama 's President now .
127 . Zulie - ROSE
Online
Eh .
I 'd rather play Zulie Online and trade in Rose , but maybe that 's just me .
128 . Bolgs - RuneQuest
RuneQuest is the world 's second most - popular pen-and - pencil RPG , after D&D .
Which means that for the half - a- percent of women that play D&D , even less play RuneQuest .
So good luck getting a prom date there , Poindexter .
129 . Keros - SaGa
That few women play RuneQuest ?!
More like POONquest !
... Yeah , I shoulda gone with that ...
130 . Lucre - Seiken Densetsu
What the hell 's a Seiken ?
131 . Interstellar Credits - Star Control II
No , no , these credits are totally different .
They 're accepted in more than one stellar !
132 . Potch - Suikoden
I think California lets you have up to an ounce of Potch for medicinal reasons ...
133 . Guilders - Ultima VII Part Two : Serpent Isle
Does n't " Ultima " mean the last of something ?
How can you have 7 lasts ?
Let alone part two of that seventh last ?
134 . Obsidian - Ultima VIII
This is just ridiculous .
8 ?! The people at EA need a course in Latin . Or Math .
135 . Oth - Valkyrie Profile
Oth .
Favored currency of Valkyrie Profile and people with pizza burns .
136 . Guilder Credits - Warhammer 40,000
So in 40,000 years , Warhammer goes from Gold Crowns to Guilder Credits ?
Good news , Inheritance Trilogy !
You 've got something to look forward too !
Okay , you too , Known Space .
< Sigh >
And you , Star Wars ...
The Entire List :
Television 1 . Cubit - Battlestar Galactica
2. Smartmoney - Earth : Final Conflict
3. Venusian Currency - The Jetsons
4. Grotznit - The Mysterious Planet / Dragonfire
5. Narg - The Two Doctors
6. Zeni - Dragonball Z
7. Credits - Firefly
8. Dollarpound - Red Dwarf
9. Yen - Euro - Dollars - Ghost in the Shell : Stand Alone Complex
10 . Professorland Funbucks - Futurama
11 . Federation Credits - Star Trek
12 . Marinaro - Patalliro !
13 . Woolongs - Cowboy Bebop
14 . Monies - Invader Zim
15 . Double Dollars - Trigun
16 . Dollops and Sments - Chowder
17 . Jenny - Hunter X Hunter
18 . Dollaryen - The Most Irresponsible Man in Space
19 . Dollaryen - Gunbuster
20 . Wong - Outlaw Star
21 . Beri ( Berries ) - One Piece
22 . Sens - Fullmetal Alchemist
23 . Kan - Bleach
24 . Hytes and Kules - Mobile Suit Gundam
25 . Nargs - The Two Doctors Books 26 .
Whuffie - Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom
27 . Galleons , Sickles , and Knuts - Harry Potter series
28 . Fairy Gold - Artemis Fowl series
29 . Sequins - Kim Stanley Robinson's " Mars " Trilogy
30 . Air Dollars - H.G. Wells ' " The Shape of Things to Come "
31 . Crescents - Chronicles of Narnia
32 . Ankh - Morpork Dollars - Discworld
33 . Nick - Left Behind
34 . Kongbucks - Snow Crash
35 . C- Bills - BattleTech
36 . Kalganids - Second Foundation
37 . Oceanian Dollar - 1984
38 . Marks - Dragon Riders of Pern
39 . Solari - Dune
40 . Tik , Agol , Smerduk , and Riik - Fafhrd and the Grey Mouser
41 . Ozol - Alastor series
42 . Altarian Dollar - The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy
43 . Fretzers - Frritt - Flacc
44 . Ool - Dance of Gods
45 . Swiss Franc - High Justice series
46 . S.V.U. ( Standard Value Units ) - Demon Princes
47 . Marks - Vorkosigan Saga
48 . Credits and Dollars - Rim World
49 . Hong Kong Luna Dollar - The Moon is a Harsh Mistress
50 . Fuseodollars - The Night 's Dawn Trilogy
51 . Credits - What Mad Universe
52 . Auric - The Domination of Draka
53 . New Yen - " Sprawl " stories
54 . Stellars and Minims - Citizens of the Galaxy
55 . Crowns - Inheritance Trilogy
56 . Crowns - Known Space
57 . Days - Strata Movies 58 .
Credits - Total Recall
59 . Imperial Credits - Star Wars
60 . Spacebucks - Spaceballs
61 . Dirt - Waterworld
62 . Anti-Money - The Adventures of Pluto Nash
63 . Creds - Judge Dredd
64 . Robots ? - A.I. Artificial Intelligence
65 . Barcodes - Idiocracy
66 . Water - Ice Pirates Games 67 .
Bottlecaps - Fallout
68 . Sovereigns - Knights of Xentar
69 . Nuyen - Shadowrun
70 . Buckazoid - Space Quest
71 . Gold - World of Warcraft
72 . Gil - Final Fantasy
73 . Munny - Kingdom Hearts
74 . Rupees - The Legend of Zelda
75 . Rings - Sonic the Hedgehog
76 . Tiberium - Command and Conquer
77 . Simoleons - The Sims
78 . Bolts - Mega Man 7
79 . Bison Dollar - Street Fighter
80 . PED ( Project Entropia Dollar ) - Entropia Universe
81 . Ptas - Resident Evil 4
82 . Goth - Ogre Battle Series
83 . Funds - Advance Wars
84 . Pearls - Beyond Good and Evil
85 . Gilda - Dark Cloud
86 . Space Credit - F- Zero
87 . Zenny - Mega Man Legends
88 . cR - Halo
89 . Dil - 2Moons
90 . Bell - Animal Crossing
91 . Tokkul - RuneScape
92 . Zorkmids - Zork
93 . Gella - Wild ARMs
94 . Gold Crowns - WarHammer World
95 . Zeny - Ragnarok Online
96 . Septims - The Elder Scrolls
97 . Denars - Mount & Blade
98 . Zehn - Rogue Galaxy
99 . Fol - Star Ocean
100 . Gald - Tales of Phantasia
101 . Bounty - Too Human
102 . Uroch - Steambot Chronicles
103 . SPI - Space Cowboy Online
104 . Warl - Trapt
105 . Energy - Alpha Centauri
106 .
Alz - Cabal Online
107 . Pyreals - Asheron's Call
108 . Mito - Drift City
109 . Bits - Genso Suikoden
110 . Ferg - Jinxter
111 . Adena - Lineage
112 . Scarabs - StarFox Adventures
113 . Crimps - Traveller
114 . Nanites - System Shock 2
115 . Meat - Kingdom of Loathing
116 . Baum - Alex Kidd in Miracle World
117 . Oz - Cortex Command
118 . Dotori - Cyworld
119 . Hell - Disgaea
120 . Mesos - Maplestory
121 . Moolah - Oddworld
122 . Pangya - Pang
123 . Ka-Ching - Patapon
124 . Meseta - Phantasy Star
125 . Pokos - Pikmin
126 . Dagols - Radiata Story
127 . Zulie - ROSE
Online
128 . Bolgs - RuneQuest
129 . Keros - SaGa
130 . Lucre - Seiken Densetsu
131 . Interstellar Credits - Star Control II
132 . Potch - Suikoden
133 . Guilders - Ultima VII Part Two : Serpent Isle
134 . Obsidian - Ultima VIII
135 . Oth - Valkyrie Profile
136 . Guilder Credits - Warhammer 40,000
Table of Contents
Back to top
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
House prices are taking a long ride in the wayback machine .
Unfortunately , Americans ' housing - related debt is n't going anywhere fast .
Prices in big U.S. cities posted their biggest - ever decline in the first quarter , according to the most recent S&P / Case - Shiller National Home Price index .
After nearly three years of declines , house prices nationwide are back at 2002 levels -- and still falling .
Yet as bad as that is for overburdened homeowners and their bankers , the mighty mountain of mortgage debt Americans have taken on is an even bigger concern - especially for those who believe an economic recovery is in sight .
Even though the amount of home mortgage debt outstanding declined in 2008 for the first time since the Federal Reserve started keeping track in 1945 , mortgage debt levels remain distressingly high .
Home mortgage debt outstanding was 73 % of gross domestic product last year , according to government data .
That 's the third - highest reading on record , after the 75 % - plus bubble years of 2006 and 2007 .
Getting that ratio down to a more manageable number will mean more lean years ahead , as Americans further cut spending to rebuild their savings and banks struggle to boost their capital amid heavy loan losses .
How long this process might take is a key question for those trying to gauge the prospects for an economic recovery .
To get the mortgage debt - to - GDP ratio down to a more normal level such as the 46 % average of the 1990s , Americans would have to cut their mortgage debt to $ 6.6 trillion from $ 10.5 trillion at the end of 2008 .
The last time the national mortgage debt count was below $ 7 trillion was 2003 , according to Federal Reserve data .
We might call this mortgage overhang the $ 4 trillion elephant in the room for policymakers , who have spent the past year injecting liquidity into the economy - a course of action that will do little to solve the problem of too much debt .
Of course , these figures reflect only back - of - the - envelope estimates .
Depending on the level of interest rates and how successful officials are in restoring the vigor of the lending markets , mortgage debt may or may not need to drop that far to relieve some of the stress on consumers .
Still , there is little doubt that above - average debt levels will impede the sort of consumer - driven economic rebound that has taken place after the last few recessions .
" I do n't think that there is any magic to the '90s debt levels , " said Dean Baker , an economist at the Center for Economic and Policy Research in Washington .
" The point is that with higher debt levels , people will be consuming less . "
Borrowers who are overstretched on their mortgages are less able to spend money on other goods and services , and more apt to fall behind on payments .
That could mean more painful writedowns ahead for already troubled banks .
The scale of the mortgage overhang may help explain why , even after banks such as JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) and Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) received generally upbeat stress test results , some prominent skeptics of the housing bubble are warning that the financial system 's problems are n't over .
" There is still a very large unfunded capital requirement in the commercial banking system in the United States and that 's got to be funded , " former Fed chief Alan Greenspan said last week in an interview with Bloomberg .
He added that " until the price of homes flattens out we still have a very serious potential mortgage crisis . "
Ensign Acknowledges Extramarital Affair
By Chris Cillizza and Paul Kane
UPDATE , 6:55 p.m. :
In a press conference moments ago , Ensign admitted the affair but seemed resolved to remain in political life .
" Last year I had an affair , " said Ensign .
" I violated the vows of my marriage . "
Ensign did not name the woman with whom he had the affair , saying only that " the woman who I was involved with and her husband were close friends of mine . "
He added that he was " committed to my service in the United States Senate " .
Ensign took no questions .
UPDATE , 5:55 p.m. : Sen. John Ensign ( R - Nev. ) has acknowledged an extramarital affair with a campaign staffer in a statement released by his office .
" I deeply regret and am very sorry for my actions , " said Ensign .
He is expected to announce the affair at a press conference at 6:30 pm tonight .
The affair , which was with a woman who worked for both Ensign 's re-election campaign and his Battle Born leadership political action committee , began in December 2007 and ended in August 2008 .
Ensign 's wife , Darlene , said that the couple 's " marriage has become stronger " and added : " I love my husband . "
Original Post
Sources in Washington and Nevada say Republican Sen. John Ensign , a rising star in the Republican Party considering a 2012 presidential bid will hold a press conference later today in which he will acknowledge an extramarital affair .
Sen . John Ensign has admitted an extramarital affair .
Washington Post photo by Ray Lustig
Ensign , a member of the Senate GOP leadership , flew back to his native Las Vegas today in anticipation of the public announcement , sources said , missing a vote considered key to the Nevada tourist industry .
Two senior GOP political strategists , speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss the sensitive matter , said the announcement was imminent .
They declined to say with whom Ensign had the affair .
In February 2002 , Ensign took an unexplained two week leave of absence from the Senate citing " personal reasons . "
When he returned from that respite , Ensign told the Las Vegas Sun that he was " not making any comments one way or the other .
I 'm just asking people to respect my privacy . "
Elected in 2000 and reelected in 2006 , Ensign has been a leading conservative among Senate Republicans , playing a key role in demanding the resignation of Larry Craig in September 2007 .
Ensign called Craig a " disgrace " after he was arrested in June 2007 in an airport men's restroom on disorderly conduct charges .
Craig resisted the calls from Ensign to resign but retired from the Senate last November .
Ensign traveled to Iowa earlier this month to speak at a event sponsored by the American Future Fund , stoking speculation that he was interested in running for president in 2012 .
A single - payer healthcare system would more effectively control costs than any other plan that Congress is considering as it moves toward a reform bill .
And by controlling costs , existing resources could be allocated more equitably , especially for the benefit of women .
First , single - payer plans eliminate the $ 300 billion to $ 400 billion that insurance companies spend annually in administrative overhead and waste .
Second , single - payer plans are best positioned to take on the enormous challenge of reducing or eliminating the financial incentives that have led to so much overtreatment and undertreatment .
Maternity care illustrates this phenomenon :
We spend far more per capita than any other industrialized country and yet do worse on most birth outcome measures than most of these other countries .
So - called best practices - medical practices already demonstrated to improve outcomes - are well described in the medical literature , but they are not widely implemented , even though doing so would lower costs and improve the health of mothers and babies .
For example , nearly one - third of all US women deliver their babies by caesarean section , a rate that is far higher than medically necessary .
One of the reasons is that most obstetricians and hospitals are paid far more for a surgical delivery than for a vaginal birth .
Such incentives not only raise costs , but ironically often produce worse health outcomes .
By reducing the ability of for - profit companies to siphon off huge sums of money for private gain , a single payer system is better able to expand best practices .
Why ?
Because the motivations to over - treat those who are well - insured and to undertreat those with limited or no insurance coverage will no longer be built into the medical care system .
Women in particular have much to gain from single - payer healthcare .
Our country has an excess of medical specialists , and is in desperate need of more primary caregivers - such as general internists , family practice physicians , nurse practitioners , and licensed midwives - who are often more aptly trained than specialists to provide the comprehensive services women need .
A single payer plan would eliminate the financial incentives that have been obstacles to training more primary care professionals .
It would also eliminate the need for so many medical malpractice lawsuits , as people would not have to worry about paying for medical care whenever they experienced bad outcomes .
The only national plan for healthcare reform that explicitly includes women 's reproductive health services , including abortion , is one sponsored by Representative Barbara Lee , a California Democrat .
Other sponsors of single - payer plans are also amenable to including women 's reproductive health services .
Coverage with a single - payer plan is independent from employment .
Because women are more likely to be self - employed , to work part time , and to move in and out of employment outside the home , they are now more likely either to lack coverage through work or to lose insurance when changing jobs .
Medical debt is an enormous concern for many women , and single - payer plans effectively address the cost issues that send women into debt and even bankruptcy .
A 2009 Commonwealth Fund study found that 45 percent of women accrued medical debt or reported problems with medical bills in 2007 compared with 36 percent of men .
Under Rep. John Conyers ' single - payer bill , a family of four making the median income of $ 56,200 would pay about $ 2,700 in payroll tax for all health care costs - with no deductibles or copays or concerns about catastrophic costs .
Since a single - payer plan may be the only approach that will successfully contain costs , it was a good sign that Congress finally held hearings on a single - payer system last week .
Although many progressive members of Congress now support a proposal that includes a " public insurance option " as an alternative to private insurance industry plans , numerous critiques demonstrate how this approach could fail .
Unless designed to mirror the effective Medicare system - by automatically enrolling the majority of the population and using Medicare 's cost control levers - the public option will not be affordable for all .
When polled , a majority of physicians as well as the public support a single - payer plan .
For example , a 2007 AP - Yahoo poll asked respondents whether they agreed with this statement : " The United States should adopt a universal health insurance program in which everyone is covered under a program like Medicare that is run by the government and financed by taxpayers . "
A whopping 65 percent said yes to that question .
By political standards , this is a landslide .
It is time for Congress to pay attention to the voters , not the well - funded lobbyists .
Judy Norsigian is executive director of Our Bodies Ourselves .
Jennifer Potter , MD , is director of the Women 's Health Center at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and director of women 's health at Fenway Health .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
As the magazine does every year , Sustainable Industries has just published its list of the Top 10 Green Building Products of 2009 .
Selections are chosen based upon environmental performance , scalability / market impact , innovation , design aesthetic , value , and compatibility with LEED .
Download the guide at Sustainability Industries .
Here are the top ten :
Acadia Combined Heating and Cooling System – a super - efficient system that saves up to 70 % on energy costs .
ec -H20 – is a technology that converts water into a cleaning solution .
Scrubbers with ec - H20 use 70 % less water than others and use no harsh chemicals .
InSpire Wall – is a transpired solar collector and fresh air heating system that can reduce heating costs by up to $ 5 per square foot installed .
Kama EEBS
Structural Systems – this is a framing system that eliminates thermal bridging and creates a tight building envelope .
Plyboo Pure Bamboo Plywood – Smith & Fong obtained the first FSC - certification for bamboo in the world , and it now qualifies for MR c7 treatment .
RainTube – this is a rain gutter filter made of 100 % post - consumer high - density polyethylene .
It 's perfect for use in a rainwater collection system .
Separett Villa – a waterless composting toilet that separates the solids from the liquids .
Serious Windows – these super - efficient windows have a full - frame R value of 5 - 11 , which can help cut energy bills by up to 50 % per month .
Solatube Daylighting Systems – this technology captures sunlight and redirects it through a tube into spaces where there is no natural light .
Eleek Your Old Light Fixture – Eleek is a company that provides a lighting restoration service to restore and reuse old fixtures .
Read about all ten at Sustainable Industries and grab the report .
2010 - től saját domain címe lesz Székelyföldnek , már bejegyezték , de a Székely Nemzeti Tanács aláírásokat gyűjt .
A Székely Nemzeti Tanács honlapján olvasható közlemény szerint alig három nap alatt közel négyezer támogató aláírásával hitelesítette a székelyföldi legfelső szintű tartománynevet .
A .sic megszerzését a Székely Nemzeti Tanács kezdeményezte , és az ICANN május 13 - án jegyezte be .
Ahhoz azonban , hogy 2010 első negyedévétől ez lehessen Székelyföld saját internetes tartományneve , legalább 250 ezer támogató aláírás szükséges .
Az SZNT arra buzdítja a székely autonómiatörekvések iránt elkötelezetteket , hogy írják alá az itt elérhető felhívást , ezzel támogassák a legfelső internetes tartomány létrejöttét .
A SIC ISO - kódként való elismertetése ugyanakkor lehetővé teszi , hogy Románia közigazgatási átalakítása után – a mostani CV , HR , MS helyett – a Székelyföldre utaló rövidítés hivatalosan is használható legyen a gépjárműveken .
A .sic rövidítés a " siculitas " ( mai fordítása " székelység " ) szóból ered , amely nem csupán a közösség mai nevére utal , hanem – mivel a középkori magyar közigazgatásban az önkormányzó , szabadságjogokkal felruházott közösséget jelentette – a névválasztással visszautalunk a székely szabadság történelmi gyökereire is - írja Ferencz Csaba , az SZNT tájékoztatási alelnöke .
. SIC legfelső szintű tartomány a székely identitásért ( sznt.ro )
Dotsick ( Meltdown )
SIC – Önkormányzati autók székelyföldi jelzéssel ( Ludvig Zsuzsanna )
Hajrá hajrá !
( Garage Glam )
Székelyföld az interneten ! - .sic ( Szóri blogja )
Warping Text to a Bézier curves
Background
A while back I got curious about how certain text effects could be achieved , and one of the things I explored was warping text along a curve to achieve a kind of sweeping effect .
I created a prototype for this , to explore different solutions .
This article contains some general notes on the subject , as I reflect back on this work .
The information given here could be used as a kind of cookbook to replicate the work .
The original work was done using C# and GDI + , although the concepts are applicable to other frameworks .
Bendy Text
Given some arbitrary spline , how can text be drawn in such a way that it appears to follow the curve in a way that is appealing to the eye ?
Looking around the interwebbietubes , there seemed to be few examples of doing this , and most examples were crude , i.e. involving rotating individual letters with linear transforms to align each character with the curve , which results in a very odd , non-fluid appearance .
Much good information was gleaned from old articles written by Don Lancaster , in particular one about Nonlinear Graphics Transforms from 1995 .
As always , it is good to keep in mind that in this field , we stand on the shoulders of giants .
Many thanks to Don for putting so much good and accessible information out there over the years .
Vector text
Normally when thinking about drawing text in GDI + , most people think of Graphics .
DrawString ( ) and the like , which given a string will draw into a Graphics context .
The result is a bunch of pixels , not exactly useful for doing non-linear transformations .
What would be preferable is to get vector outlines of the rendered text , with points that can be transformed to get the desired effect .
Fortunately , GraphicsPath provides a mechanism for doing this , even if the API is a little obtuse .
It helps to understand what a GraphicsPath is : GraphicsPath is a form of display list , consisting of a very small number of simple vector primitives .
Pixels just do n't exist as far as a GraphicsPath is concerned , until it 's rendered using Pens and / or Brushes .
In fact , here is a complete list of all the primitives that are used under the hood by GraphicsPath :
Start : Defines a point that is used to denote the starting point of a path
Line : a line .
includes the endpoint , the start point was the last point from the last instruction .
Bezier : a cubic Bézier curve .
Defines 3 of the 4 control points , the start point is the last point from the last instruction
Bezier3 : A quadratic Bézier curve .
( see below )
CloseSubpath : marks the endpoint of a subpath this is used for
PathMarker : defines a marker for a path .
Not used for rendering as far as I can tell , this is for information purposes
DashMode : marks a segment as dashed , which gives a suggestion on how it should be rendered
There are just two that render something visible when a GraphicsPath is drawn : Line and Bézier .
Note that the MSDN documentation mixes up quadratic and cubic Splines .
( Imagine that !
misleading MSDN docs .
Grumble . )
In practice , I 've never run across a GraphicsPath that actually contains a quadratic spline ( Bezier3 ) .
What about other shapes ?
After all , an ellipse can be added to a GraphicsPath , it must have an ellipse primitive , right ?
Nope .
If an ellipse is added to a GraphicsPath , under the hood it will be approximated using several Bézier splines .
What about adding text to a GraphicsPath ?
Once again , it reduces to a bunch of points and instructions for lines and cubic Béziers .
These are derived directly from the description of the font , which is vector based as well .
The nice thing is that if a bunch of things drawn into a GraphicsPath , one can iterate over these primitives and get a complete description of what it is doing under the hood .
And with that information , an identical path can reconstructed from the primitives .
During the process , the points can be pushed around using some kind of transform to achieve the text warping effect .
Bézier curves
For my first pass at this , I decided to use a Bézier spline to define the path of the text .
Cubic Béziers are supported by GDI + , there are methods for drawing them on the Graphics object , and they are one of the few primitives supported by GraphicsPath .
The formulas for Béziers are simple to calculate , they can be used to approximate other curves , and getting a set of points along a cubic Bézier given its four control points is mostly a trivial exercise .
More complex shapes / curves would come later .
Getting a point on a Bézier curve is not something that GDI + provides for , so understanding the formulas for cubic Béziers is necessary for this work .
I wo n't go into exhaustive detail on the math behind this , as plenty of information is readily available on this subject , from Wikipedia and elsewhere .
Formulas for cubic Béziers
OK , math time !
It is most illustrative to look at how a cubic Bézier is constructed geometrically , which is pictured below .
The curve is defined by four control points P 0 through P 3 .
The first and last point are the start and end point of the curve , the other two are colloquially referred to as " handles " to control the shape of the curve .
The four control points can be connected to form three line segments ( pictured in gray ) .
Three points are interpolated using the parameter t on the line segments connecting the control points , and these form the two green segments above .
A final line segment is constructed by interpolating points along the previous two segments for t in the same way ( shown in blue ) .
A final point is interpolated along this last line segment , and that point is a point on the curve for value t .
The linear interpolation ( lerp ) between two scalar values is defined as follows :
v lerp = v 0 + ( v 1 - v 0 ) * t
From which one can create a lerp function between two 2D points :
lerp ( P 0 , P 1 , t ) : x lerp = x 0 + ( x 1 - x 0 ) * t y lerp = y 0 + ( y 1 - y 0 ) * t return point ( x lerp , y lerp )
The geometric picture above can then be expressed as follows :
P 4 = lerp ( P 0 , P 1 , t ) ; P 5 = lerp ( P 1 , P 2 , t ) ; P 6 = lerp ( P 2 , P 3 , t ) ; P 7 = lerp ( P 4 , P 5 , t ) ; P 8 = lerp ( P 5 , P 6 , t ) ; P 9 = lerp ( P 7 , P 8 , t ) ;
Where P 9 is the point on the curve for t .
A cubic Bézier can also be expressed as a cubic polynomial with eight coefficients : ( I 'll describe how to calculate the coefficients from the four control points in a later )
x = At3 + Bt2 + Ct + D y = Et3 + Ft2 + Gt + H
For values of t between 0 to 1 , these polynomials produce the x and y coordinates for a point on the curve .
Values outside of that range continue the function out to infinity somewhere .
The formula is really the same for the x and y versions , just with different coefficients .
The equations independently relate x and y to the value parametric value t.
Because of this splines can be extended into three dimensions ( or more ! ) very easily .
So where do those coefficients ( A..H ) come from ?
For a full explanation of the math , check the resources section at the bottom , but for now I 'll just give the formulas for converting control points to coefficients .
Given four control points for the spline P 0 .. P 3 , having values of ( x 0 , y 0 ) .. ( x 3 , y 3 ) , the coefficients are :
A = x 3 - 3 * x 2 + 3 * x 1 - x 0 B = 3 * x 2 - 6 * x 1 + 3 * x 0 C = 3 * x 1 - 3 * x 0 D = x 0 E = y 3 - 3 * y 2 + 3 * y 1 - y 0 F = 3 * y 2 - 6 * y 1 + 3 * y 0 G = 3 * y 1 - 3 * y 0 H = y 0
Should it be necessary to calculate control points from coefficients , here are the inverse operations :
x 0 = D ; x 1 = D + C / 3 x 2 = D + 2 * C / 3 + B / 3 x 3 = D + C + B + A y 0 = H ; y 1 = H + G / 3 y 2 = H + 2 * G / 3 + F / 3 y 3 = H + G + F + E
So to illustrate what has been covered so far , here is some pseudocode , using control points P 0 ..P 3 :
// draw the Bézier using GDI + function ( g is Graphics object ) g.DrawBezier ( Pens .
Black , P 0 , P 1 , P 2 , P 3 ) ; // draw lines connecting the control points g.DrawLine(redPenWithEndCap , P 0 , P 1 ) ; g.DrawLine(redPenWithEndCap , P 2 , P 3 ) ; [ [ compute coefficients
A thru H as described above ] ] // draw 20 points , with a fixed increment for the parameter t for ( float t = 0 ; t <= 1 ; t += 0.05 f ) { x = At3 + Bt2 + Ct + D y = Et3 + Ft2 + Gt + H // call function that draws a filled rect at x ,y coord .
DrawBoxAtPoint(g , Color .
Blue , x , y ) ; }
As t varies from 0 to 1 , these points " travel " along the curve from the start point to the end point .
If enough values are used , a good approximation of the Bézier could be drawn .
In fact , under the hood , most graphics systems draw Bézier curves using recursive subdivision , dividing the curve to the level of pixels or sufficiently small enough to draw with short line segments .
One other interesting thing to note is that even though the values for t used varied by a fixed increment , some of the resulting points are closer together than others , depending on where they lie on the curve .
Any two sequential points may have different " arc- lengths " ( distance measured along the curve , rather than straight - line distance ) from another two .
It may help to think of it as the rate at which the output values move along the curve " speeds up " and " slows down " even though the change in t is constant .
We 'll revisit to this later .
Tangents and perpendiculars
In order to use the text points with the Bézier formula , the x values must first be normalized ( scaled ) into the range of 0..1 , so that they used for the t parameter of the Bézier formula .
If the text starts at or near the X origin , and the width of the text is known , this normalization is done simply by :
x norm = x / textwidth
The Y coordinates for the text need to project out away from the curve in a direction perpendicular to the curve at that point .
In order to do that , a vector is needed that is perpendicular to the curve for the point produced by t .
That can be obtained by finding the tangent for the curve at that point , and rotating it 90 degrees .
Calculating the tangent vector for a Bézier is trivial , as it is simply the derivative of the Bézier polynomial :
V x = 3At2 + 2Bt + C V y = 3Et2 + 2Ft + G
We can rotate the vector 90 degrees by using linear algebra , or by simply swapping the terms and negating one of them .
If V = ( x , y ) then V rotate90 = ( y , - x ) or ( - y , x ) , depending on which way one wants to rotate the vector .
That gives a vector that is perpendicular to the Bézier for the point produced by the parameter t.
Drawing those perpendicular vectors on top of the points would look something like this :
The Y coordinates for the text points need to be translated in the direction defined by the perpendicular vectors , but the magnitude ( length ) of those vectors is not important , just their direction .
For convenience the perpendicular vectors can to be normalized into unit vectors , making them all exactly 1 unit long .
For a vector having components x and y , this is done as follows :
magnitude = sqrt( x2 + y2 ) // distance formula x = x / magnitude y = y / magnitude // note , special case : if magnitude is 0 , x , y is either 0 or undefined
That covers most of the math needed to make a first pass at warping text onto a Bézier curve .
First attempt : Stretchy Text
Here is a first try at warping text , given Bézier control points P 0 ..P 3 , and a graphics context g to draw on :
string text =
" Some text to wrap " ; [ [ Calculate coefficients
A thru H from the control points ] ] GraphicsPath textPath = new GraphicsPath ( ) ; // the baseline should start at 0,0 , so the next line is not quite correct path .
AddString ( text , someFont , someStyle , someFontSize , new Point ( 0,0 ) ) ; RectangleF textBounds = textPath. GetBounds ( ) ; for ( int i =0 ; i < textPath .
PathPoints .
Length ; i++) { PointF pt = textPath .
PathPoints [i ] ; float textX = pt.X ; float textY = pt.Y ; // normalize the x coordinate into the parameterized value // with a domain between 0 and 1 . float t = textX / textBounds .
Width ; // calculate spline point for parameter t float S x = At3 + Bt2 + Ct + D float S y = Et3 + Ft2 + Gt + H // calculate the tangent vector for the point float T x = 3At2 + 2Bt + C float T y = 3Et2 + 2Ft + G // rotate 90 or 270 degrees to make it a perpendicular float P x = T y float P y = - T x // normalize the perpendicular into a unit vector float magnitude = sqrt ( P x 2 + P y 2 ) P x = P x / magnitude P y = P y / magnitude // assume that input text point y coord is the " height " or // distance from the spline .
Multiply the perpendicular vector // with y. it becomes the new magnitude of the vector .
P x *= textY ; P y *= textY ; // translate the spline point using the resultant vector float finalX = P x +
S x float finalY = P y + S y //
I wish it were this easy , actually need // to create a new path .
textPath .
PathPoints [ i ] = new PointF ( finalX , finalY ) ; } // draw the transformed text path g.DrawPath ( Pens.Black , textPath ) ; // draw the Bézier for reference g.DrawBezier ( Pens .
Black , P 0 , P 1 , P 2 , P 3 ) ;
Looks pretty good , but there are a few problems .
The text appears scrunched together in the middle , and stretched out on the ends .
Remember that the arc - length between points can vary , even if t is incremented by a fixed amount .
I 'll add some points using an fixed increment for t , and overlay direction vectors to show how they were used to warp the text :
As the parameter t varies by a fixed amount , the output points have varying arc - lengths from one to the next .
This characteristic of the Bézier formula is what causes the text to be compressed or stretched along the curve .
There is another problem with the algorithm : text is always stretched or compressed to fit the length of the curve , as shown below :
What would be better is to map the text 's x coordinate to the parameter t in such a way that the text does not try to exactly fit the text to the full length of the Bézier .
In order to do that , the arc - length of the curve must be known .
This problem is related to the first one .
Fixing the text length problem ( and how long is that Bézier , anyway )
The fix to the second problem ( total text length ) is trivial , if the arc - length of the curve is known .
Rather than map the actual width of the text from 0..1 for t , the text can be drawn into a bounding box that is the same width as the arc - length of the spline , then x coordinates of the box are scaled to 0..1 by dividing all x coordinates by the arc - length .
This is a little easier to understand visually :
The text can also be clipped to the bounding box to prevent it from overrunning the end of the spline .
That leaves the problem of calculating the arc - length of a cubic Bézier curve .
After doing some research , I discovered that there is apparently no closed form solution to this problem .
There are a number of ways of approximating the arc - length , some involving moderately complex calculus .
Even the most sophisticated and accurate solutions involve an iterative approach .
( See resources for more info ) .
However , there is a very simple way to estimate the arc - length : divide the curve into a bunch of line segments based on a fixed increment for t , then sum the straight - line length of those line segments .
It turns out that even a small number of divisions can give a fairly good estimate , as it exploits a characteristic of the Bézier formula that the output points are close together in sharp curves .
Some empirical investigation showed that around 100 divisions would yield estimates with less than .001 error , which would be half a pixel for a 500 pixel long curve .
Close enough for the purpose at hand .
The process can be visualized by drawing the line segments on top of a Bézier :
The pseudocode for this is very simple .
There are a few optimizations that can be made , but the basic algorithm is fairly efficient as long as the number of divisions is not too large .
int numberOfDivisions = 100 ; int maxPoint = numberOfDivisions + 1 ; // _formula.GetPoint(t ) is assumed to take a parameter t and return // a point using the Bézier formula .
The _formula object would // have the Bézier coefficients to calculate this .
PointF previousPoint = _formula.GetPoint(0 ) ; // for Bézier == P 0 control point float sum = 0 ; for ( int i = 1 ; i <= maxPoint ; i++) { PointF p = _formula .GetPoint( i / ( float ) maxPoint ) ; sum += distance ( previousPoint , p ) ; previous Point = p ; } // function to calculate straight - line distance between two points : float distance ( PointF a , PointF b ) { return sqrt ( ( b x - a x ) 2 + ( b y - a y ) 2 ) ; }
This code could easily be generalized for any single - valued parameterized algorithm that is continuous , has a fixed domain , and returns points , such as the formula for an ellipse or different types of splines .
It may be possible to estimate the error and dynamically pick an " ideal " number of divisions .
This could be done by subdividing until segment lengths are below some threshold or by comparing the tangents of the line segments to the tangents of the curve , but I have not explored either of these ideas .
Fixing the number of divisions at around 100 seems to work well enough for the purpose at hand .
Arc -length parameterization
Even after the text width problem is fixed , there is still an issue with text getting squashed or stretched due to the non-uniform arc - lengths between uniform values of t .
The solution to this problem is called arc - length parameterization .
The idea is to map an input value u to a value t which can be passed to the Bézier formula , and will produce points that have uniform arc - length distances for uniform values of u .
Stated another way , for values 0..1 for u it would map to values of t in such a way to produce a point that is a fractional arc - length distance from the start of the curve equal to u .
For example , a value of .25 for u would always produce a point that is one - fourth of the arc - length distance along the curve .
The intermediate value of t in this case is unknown , and must be calculated by the mapping function somehow .
The implementation I came up with ( based on suggestions from friend who is much more mathematically inclined than I ) was to approximate this mapping function using a table of arc - lengths .
It consists of saving a list of the sums produced by the arc - length algorithm already covered .
For a spline having an arc - length of 500 , divided into 100 divisions , the table might for a certain spline might look like this :
0.0 5.2 10.5 15.7 ... ( more points ) ...
494.8 500.0
The index of values in this table equates to some parameter t , for example , if the list contained 101 values , index 0 contains the arc - length for t=0.0 , index 100 has the arc - length for t=1.0 , and index 50 contains the arc - length for t= .5 .
If the table were stored in a 0 - indexed array called arcLengths , the value of t for a given index would be :
t = index / ( float ) ( arcLengths .
Length - 1 )
Given such a table , it is possible to find values of t that are close to a desired arc - length .
So we could take and input value of u , calculate the desired arcLength ( u * totalArcLength ) , then find the index of the largest entry in the table that is smaller than or equal to the desired arcLength .
This could be done using a brute force traversal , or preferably , a binary search .
If this value happens to be equal to the arcLength , then the value of t for the input value of u can be calculated as previously described .
More often then not , the search will find the largest value that is smaller than the desired arc - length .
In this case , linear interpolation can be used between the found entry and the next one to find an estimate for t.
Assuming sufficient divisions were used to create the table , the distance between those to points will be sufficiently small that the error for the mapping will be negligible .
The following pseudocode demonstrates the technique :
float u = // the parameterized value , assumed to be between 0 and 1 float t ; // we are attempting to find t for u float [ ]
_arcLengths = // a pre-calculated list of arc - lengths along the Bézier // get the target arcLength for curve for parameter u float targetArcLength = u * _arcLengths [ _arcLengths .
Length - 1 ] ; // the next function would be a binary search , for efficiency int index = IndexOfLargestValueSmallerThan(_arcLengths , targetArcLength ) // if exact match , return t based on exact index if ( _arcLengths [ index ] == targetArcLength ) { t = index / ( float ) ( arcLengths .
Length - 1 ) ; } else // need to interpolate between two points { float lengthBefore = _arcLengths [ index ] ; float lengthAfter = _arcLengths [ index+1 ] ; float segmentLength = lengthAfter - lengthBefore ; // determine where we are between the ' before ' and ' after ' points .
float segmentFraction = ( targetLength - lengthBefore ) / segmentLength ; // add that fractional amount to t t = ( index + segmentFraction ) / ( float ) ( _arcLengths .
Length - 1 ) ; }
The basic algorithm can be generalized to arc - length parameterize the same class of functions that can be handled by the arc - length estimation code .
The output , when using this mapping algorithm , is much more appealing :
Solving other minor issues
The algorithms presented still may have some minor issues .
In particular , long horizontal line segments may cause the characters to distort when going around a sharp curve .
This problem can be overcome in all but the most severe cases by iterating through the text path and dividing long line segments into shorter ones .
In some cases , this technique can benefit from using short Bézier curves instead of short line segments .
However , it is not enough to simply replace all line segments with Bézier curves , as this gives a different and sometimes unpleasant appearance for long segments .
It is left as an exercise to the reader to find out why .
Extending the techniques to complex paths
The techniques can easily be expanded to allow for warping to arbitrary paths of increasing complexity .
All that need be done is calculate the arc - length of the entire path ( by summing the arc - lengths of its components ) , and then parameterize the whole thing .
A wrapper class for the formula can be written which contains multiple sub-paths as children , and could decide which child to use for a particular parameter through reverse interpolation over the total length .
Alternatively this could be built into the arc - length estimation algorithm .
One could even wrap text around other text !
This potentially introduces new problems to solve , particularly for warping around other text paths .
Discontinuities ( places where the path stops at one place and restarts elsewhere ) , can cause severe ' garbling ' if a character or other object straddles those points .
A good general algorithm would need to account for these , and make sure that they are handled appropriately , perhaps by pushing the characters beyond the break .
Also , many characters contain acute bends and corners that may result in excessive warping that looks unpleasant ( as seen in a few places in the figure above ) .
Conclusion
The use of these techniques for distorting text ( or any path ! ) can give a fairly natural and fluid appearance .
The algorithms presented allow for real time manipulation of the curves , even on low - end modern hardware .
Several optimizations can be made that were not covered in this article for the sake of simplicity .
The techniques can be readily adapted to any graphics framework that has a vector path object ( such as WPF , Cocoa , Postscript , etc ) .
Subtle use of warped vector paths can be used for fun aesthetic effects .
Resources
I wanted to write some sort of first order reply to Jane O’Grady ’s article “ Can a Machine Change Your Mind ? “ — but as I began thinking it over , it became clear that it would end up killing half my day .
First of all , I ’d have to go back to my library and brush up on my philosophy of mind , a topic I ’ve given only very sporadic attention since my undergrad days .
Second , it ’s something of a one - way hash :
For every confused or muddled claim , it would take about a dozen paragraphs of explication to make clear to someone not intimately familiar with philosophy of mind what ’s wrong with it .
( Whereas , of course , someone who is familiar requires no explication . )
Just to sketch very briefly : O’Grady seems to conflate Type Identity Theory with physicalism more generally .
She makes an objection to a narrowly specified type - type identity sound like an objection to identity per se .
She attempts ( braver than I ! ) to explain Saul Kripke ’s anti-reductionist views in something like three paragraphs , in which ( still more heroically ) such terms as “ modal ” and “ rigid designator ” make no appearance .
She claims that it ’s impossible to induce or eliminate beliefs or affective complexes by altering specific regions of the brain , despite the fact that there are a spate of brain conditions where this is precisely what occurs .
She repeatedly conflates ontological and epistemic problems .
She implies that eliminative materialism is not a program for reforming the taxa of psychologists and neurologists , but some kind of quixotic campaign against poetry in ordinary language .
Perhaps most obnoxiously , she invokes the specter of insidious Brave New World–style applications of advanced brain science as though these were an objection to the theoretical the adequacy of physicalism .
( One wonders :
If mind is not brain , why worry ? )
To actually make all this both intelligible and convincing to someone without a background in philosophy of mind would take many thousands of words , so instead I ’ll take a stab at a second - order reply , or at least observation .
On many of these points , O’Grady might well have something quite cogent to say in response — she clearly has a good deal of training in this area herself .
Indeed , it ’s clear that O’Grady knows what she ’s talking about — in the sense of having read the relevant literature — at least as much as I do , if not more .
Yet her article is a farrago — not , I think , because she makes her argument poorly , but because there are arguments that simply ca n’t be made in the span of even a longish newspaper or magazine article .
If one is writing for a lay audience , in fact , I feel pretty confident that it ’s not even possible to clearly lay out the contested questions , or what precisely the various positions on them are , in that allotment of space .
At best , an untrained reader of O’Grady ’s piece would come away simply befuddled and unsure what she was getting on about .
Some , to judge by the comments , appear to believe they have learned something from it , which suggests that O’Grady has given them the unhealthy illusion of knowing something .
No doubt scientists feel the same way about plenty of pop-science writing , but I think there ’s an important distinction :
Someone reading about an important finding in biology or physics understands full well that what they ’re getting is the upshot of a complicated process of math - laden theorizing and experiment someone else has done .
Summarizing a philosophical argument , by contrast , basically looks like doing philosophy .
Also , because so much of philosophy is about conceptual clarification , it ’s often hard to reduce to a gist .
Try to figure out what philosophers have to say about the claim that “ the mind is the brain , ” for instance , and you ’ll quickly realize that a rather large chunk of what they have to say goes to the question of what it even means to assert that “ the mind is the brain . ”
This brings us around to some of my longstanding ambivalence about blogging and journalism more generally .
On the one hand , while it ’s probably not enormously important whether most people have a handle on the mind - body problem , a democracy ca n’t make ethics and political philosophy the exclusive province of cloistered academics .
On the other hand , I look at the online public sphere and too often tend to find myself thinking : “ Discourse at this level ca n’t possibly accomplish anything beyond giving people some simulation of justification for what they wanted to believe in the first place . ”
This is , needless to say , not a problem limited to philosophy .
And I think it may contribute to the fragmentation and political polarization we see online , which are generally explained in sociological terms as an “ echo chamber ” effect or “ groupthink . ”
Those are real enough , but there ’s also the problem that the general glut of information and opinion makes it disconcertingly easy to kid yourself about how well you understand a particular topic .
( My friend Michael Moynihan refers sarcastically to “ Google pundits ” who affect deep understanding after plucking a few talking points from a search — a sin I ’m sure I ’ve committed myself on occasion . )
It ’s something of a cliché , but the older I get , the more I find that learning more about an area where I once held a strong opinion will often mean realizing just how limited my own understanding is .
No doubt if you look back to the earliest days of this blog , you ’ll find me ranging across a much broader array of topics with much more confidence .
There is , as Yeats reminded us , a certain perversity here : People who actually know something are more likely to be fairly tentative and circumspect , while people ill - informed enough to think everything is quite simple will be confident they know all they need to .
So maybe this is a proposal for a new genre of article .
The function of the ordinary pop-science / social science / philosophy piece is to give the reader a sort of thumbnail - sketch of the findings or results of a particular sphere of study , while op - eds and radio talkers make the thumbnail case for a policy position .
The latter are routinely criticised for their shrill content , but the really toxic message of contemporary opinion writing and radio is the meta - message , the implicit message contained in the form , more than any particular substantive claim .
In an ordinary op - ed , the formal message is that 800 or 1000 words is adequate to establish the correct position on any question of interest .
Slightly more beguiling is the debate format , where representatives of contrasting positions do battle , and leave it to the reader to decide — with the implicaiton that the reader is now somehow in a position to do so .
What might be more helpful , at least in some instances , is an article that spends the same amount of space setting up the problem , and getting across exactly why it ’s so difficult for brilliant and highly educated people to agree on an answer — especially when many people outside the field tend to have an opinion one way or another , and believe that they ’re justified in holding it with some confidence .
Not just a clash between two confident but opposed views — we get plenty of that all the time , and it ’s part of the problem — but an examination ( assuming good faith ) of what ’s keeping these smart jousters from reaching consensus .
Not “ the case for policy A ” vs “ the case for policy B ” but “ the epistemic problems that make it hard to choose between A and B , ” as though ( I know , it ’s crazy ) the search for truth were more than a punch - up between mutually exclusive , preestablished conclusions .
The message is not ( to coin a phrase ) “ we report , you decide ” but “ we report on why you ’re not actually competent to decide , unless you ’re prepared to devote a hell of a lot more time , energy , and thought to it . ”
The average reader would come away feeling , not as though he ’d learned something , but as though he knew less than he had coming in , with no good way to say who ’s right or what the correct position might be .
These would , of course , tend to be incredibly frustrating articles , and given that journalism ’s already on the skids , perhaps this is n’t the time to be proposing that publications deliberately frustrate their audiences .
Then again , folks who already secretly suspect things are n’t as simple as all that might find the genre appealing .
If anyone feels like bankrolling a magazine called Shrug , let me know …
Lake County Domestic Violence Lawyer
Charged with Domestic Abuse in Illinois ?
Being accused of a domestic violence crime can be devastating on not only yourself but also your future and your family .
These crimes are very serious and carry the potential for immense penalties .
If you have been charged with domestic violence , abuse or assault , your rights and freedom may be on the line .
When you are facing a criminal offense , it is important that you take the time to contact a tough Lake County criminal attorney such as Albert L. Wysocki .
He can aggressively pursue a personalized defense for your situation and help you obtain the best available outcome for your charges .
There is very little evidence needed to place someone under arrest .
All that may be needed is evidence of an injury and a witness statement .
This could prove devastating for you , especially since law enforcement officials act quickly and respond efficiently to acts of violence .
While law enforcement may have good intentions of protecting the public , they could wrongfully accuse an individual who was acting in self - defense or is innocent of the accusations placed against them .
It is absolutely essential that you get in touch with Albert L. Wysocki to help understand your rights and to begin developing a personalized defense for your case .
Contact Albert L. Wysocki Today to Get Started !
Although this time in your life may seem difficult , it is important to remember that , with the representation of an attorney , you could see a desirable resolution to the outcome of your case .
When you work with Albert L. Wysocki , he can use his experience and knowledge of the various Illinois laws governing domestic violence to help you obtain a favorable resolution .
Whether you are facing a restraining order , or if you have been charged with domestic violence , do not hesitate to contact Albert L. Wysocki right away !
A Chinese man blocks a line of tanks heading east on Beijing 's Changan Blvd. after Chinese forces crushed a pro-democracy demonstration in Tiananmen Square on June 5 , 1989 .
The man was pulled away by bystanders , and the tanks continued on their way .
Enlarge By Thad Allender , USA TODAY Belinda Liu listens as the names of victims of the Tiananmen Square massacre in Beijing are read aloud at the Washington Monument on May 30 .
USA TODAY 's Calum MacLeod explores how 20 years later , Beijing 's grip on Tiananmen dissidents remains tight .
Read more about that here Enlarge By Aaron Tam , Reuters People take part in a candlelight vigil at Hong Kong 's Victoria Park on Thursday .
In China on Thursday , police swarmed Beijing 's Tiananmen Square to deter any attempts to commemorate the 20th anniversary .
Read more about that here
The most famous photo of the Tiananmen Square protests , that of an unidentified man facing down Chinese tanks , was taken by Jeff Widener of the Associated Press .
Widener , now with The Honolulu Advertiser , recalls how he got the picture : IMAGE GALLERY : Tiananmen Square anniversary
To this day , it 's the only photograph hanging on my wall .
I still see it as the shot I almost blew .
I had miscalculated the shutter speed .
Of the three images I took , only one came out — it was kind of blurry , but apparently clear enough to be used in more than 6,000 publications around the world the next day .
The story of how I got the photo centers on two people whose names I never knew .
The Chinese government 's crackdown on Tiananmen Square had been going on for several days , and the government was trying to prevent any more Western media from documenting all the street battles and deaths .
I wanted to get into the Beijing Hotel , which offered a high vantage point from which I could take photos .
That was n't going to be easy .
The Chinese had put security guys in white suits there to guard against journalists .
The rumor was they were using cattle prods to repel unwanted visitors .
So I hid my camera inside my Levi's jacket , and stuffed my film in my underwear .
Then I walked through the hotel 's front door , and the guards approached me .
I saw this long - haired college kid who was registered at the hotel , and I exclaimed , " Hi , Joe !
I 've been looking for you ! "
Then I whispered , " I 'm from the AP .
Can you show me up to your room ? "
The kid picked it up immediately .
We went up to his room , and then to the roof .
Several hours passed .
My head was still aching from a concussion I 'd sustained a few days before , when a rock thrown by a protester hit me in the face .
When I saw the guy standing in front of the tanks — the subject of the now - famous picture — I thought :
They 're going to shoot this guy .
Why are they waiting ?
After I was done , I asked the kid to smuggle the film to the AP office at the diplomatic compound .
He did .
I think his name was Kurt , but I 'm sorry to say I do n't know for sure .
It would be great to find him and thank him .
I was back in China recently .
Frankly , I was shocked the Chinese government let me in .
There are so many new office buildings , and seemingly a Starbucks on every corner .
But it was hard not to see everything through the prism of what happened 20 years ago , the China of 1989 I captured in that picture .
The other name I do n't know , of course , is the guy in the picture .
Nobody knows who he was , or what happened to him , but I think in some ways it 's better that way .
I still think of him as the unknown soldier — the faceless guy who represents all of us .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
[ / caption ]
NASA has developed a new cloud computing project based on open source components that provides high capacity computing , storage , and networking .
Called NEBULA , the space agency said the cloud project could be used in support of space missions , as well as for education , public outreach and input , and collaborations .
NASA said NEBULA is a more open Web strategy designed to give the public greater participation in the space program .
Currently , the NEBULA cloud is being used to host a website , Nebula.nasa.gov .
On that site , NASA says the “ fully - integrated nature of the NEBULA components provides for extremely rapid development of policy - compliant and secure web applications , fosters and encourages code reuse , and improves the coherence and cohesiveness of NASA ’s collaborative web applications . ”
It integrates open source components into a seamless , self - service platform .
“ Built from the ground up around principles of transparency and public collaboration , Nebula is also an open source project , ” according to NASA .
NASA describes Nebula as a combination of infrastructure , platform , and software as a service , and the space agency has created an IT architecture in support of that .
An article in Information Week says the components include the Eucalyptus software developed at the University of California at Santa Barbara , the Lustre file system deployed on 64 - bit storage nodes , the Django Web application framework , the SOLR indexing and search engine , and an integrated development environment .
Nebula will be compatible with Amazon Web Services , which means AWS - compatible tools will work with it and Nebula virtual servers can run on Amazon ’s Elastic Compute Cloud .
In a paper written by Chris Kemp , CIO of NASA ’s Ames Research Center Kemp of NASA Ames , he says NEBULA could be used for an overhaul of NASA ’s many websites , consolidating into a “ single facility ” with a Web application framework that would include templates for user - generated blogs , wikis , and other content .
Kemp wrote that such an approach would support the public ’s desire to be more actively engaged with NASA and its space missions .
Sources : NEBULA , Information Week
Health care information on WayCoolDogs.com is NOT meant to replace a veterinarian visit .
( Read our terms of use . )
PLEASE take your pet to a vet immediately at any sign of odd behavior or severe symptoms of illness or injury .
The infamous Pandaw River Cruises will venture into Borneo ’s waters this July along Malaysia ’s longest river , Rajang River .
Measuring 640 km , it meanders from Sarawak to Indonesian region of Kalimantan .
This eight - day expedition departs from Sibu city and makes stops at the river stations of Kanowit and Kapit where Brooke Raj forts and traditional Iban longhouses still stand , before navigating the Pelagus Rapids with its islands , reefs and shoals , and visiting Sarikei ’s songket - weaving workshops .
This will be the best opportunity for you to see in - person the live of ingenous people of Borneo .
The cruise includes jungle trekking excursions and long - boat trips that offer great opportunities to spot crocodiles , monitor lizards and hornbills .
The brand new five - star RV Pandaw Orient is built in the traditional colonial style of all Pandaw ships and boats 30 hardwood paneled , air - conditioned luxury staterooms with en-suite showers and private decks .
Passengers may enjoy fusion cuisine as its dining room , chill out with fine wines at the cocktail bar and work out at the spa and fitness area .
Category : Cruise Travel , Featured , South East Asia
Yesterday , Russian engineers cracked the wax seal on a metal hatch , and six men emerged from the simulated space capsule where they had spent the last 105 days in experiment designed to simulate the isolation of a manned trip to Mars .
The experiment is part of a larger project dubbed " Mars 500 . "
The three months the men spent in isolation are a precursor to another simulation to take place in 2010 , when another crew will submit themselves to 520 days in isolation , the projected time it would take for a return trip to Mars [ ABC News ] .
The four Russians , one German , and one Frenchman were chosen from among 6,000 applicants , and were paid about $ 21,000 each for participating .
Inside the mock capsule , they conducted experiments to test their physical and psychological reactions to the isolation , and performed many of the tasks that would keep Mars - bound astronauts busy .
They had no television or Internet and their only link to the outside world was communications with the experiment 's controllers — who also monitored them via TV cameras — and an internal e-mail system .
Communications with the outside world had 20 - minute delays to imitate a real space flight [ AP ] .
The six men seemed cheerful and none the worse for wear after their months of isolation , and reported that there were no serious conflicts among the crew , unlike some previous experiments .
Said French volunteer Cyrille Fournier :
" We had an outstanding team spirit throughout the entire 105 days " [ SPACE.com ]
.
But the men did say that they missed their families and occasionally felt ground down by the monotonous work routine .
Among some of their activities :
The Mars500 volunteers conducted daily medical checks , exercised , prepared microwavable foods from each others ' countries , played poker and collected their own urine for analysis .
They also grew some of their own food , such as lettuce , radishes and cabbage , to supplement the astronaut - style pre-packaged meals [ SPACE.com ] .
Some have criticized the project , noting that the test subjects knew that they could exit the capsule if things got hairy ; the experiment also made no attempt to replicate some important physical factors that astronauts on a real trip to Mars would experience , like weightlessness and increased radiation exposure .
" This is nothing but a test for a long isolation of average people , " a two - time cosmonaut Valentin Lebedev wrote in an opinion column ....
" Such an experiment has only vague relation to understanding the possibility of interplanetary flight " [ AP ] .
There are no firm plans for a manned trip to the Red Planet , but the European Space Agency and NASA have indicated that they may aim for such a mission in about 30 years .
Related Content : 80 beats : Six Volunteers , Living in a Tin Can , Will Simulate a Trip to Mars 80 beats : Traveling to Mars ?
You ’ll Need This Miniature Magnetic Force - Field DISCOVER : Russia 's Dark Horse Plan to Get to Mars DISCOVER : For the Love of Mars explores the Mars Society ’s frontier vision Image : ESA
* Government has 6 months to set rules for nuclear relaunch
* Long - term investments are tough sell in economic downturn
* “ Not in my backyard ” is big obstacle
MILAN , July 9 ( Reuters ) - Italy backed measures on Thursday to revive a nuclear energy industry it quit two decades ago , but industry experts said the government faced an uphill struggle to find funds and sites for new plants .
The law gives the government six months to prepare rules for a revival of the nuclear sector .
They will be part of Italy ’s efforts to reduce its heavy reliance on fossil fuels import and cut emissions of heat - trapping carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) .
Parliament approval of the law after nearly a year of debate comes as leaders of major industrialised and developing countries meeting in Italy struggled to agree on greenhouse gas reduction targets before U.N. talks this year .
[ ID:nL8200840 ]
Italy relies on oil and gas imports for about 80 percent of its energy needs .
Energy experts say nuclear power would help it boost the security of energy supplies , cut CO2 emissions and trim electricity bills which are the highest in Europe .
But the nuclear - friendly government of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi will have to work to attract investors to bankroll new plants and overcome strong grass root public opposition .
“ It is still an uphill struggle .
Nuclear energy relaunch requires putting together a huge puzzle ...
Italy is not good at such things , ” Luigi De Paoli , professor at Bocconi University in Milan , told Reuters on the sidelines of an energy conference .
WHERE ARE THE FUNDS ?
The only Group of Eight ( G8 ) industrialised nation without nuclear power , Italy voted in 1987 to shut its plants and stop building new ones after the 1986 Chernobyl disaster .
Berlusconi has made nuclear revival a priority .
But the global economic downturn has made it difficult to find investors willing to commit funds to building a nuclear plant with costs estimated at 2.5 - 3 billion euros per 1,000 megawatts or even more , experts said .
“ On top of the difficulties the industry faces with a return to nuclear energy , with all big choices it need to make , with finding sites ... we have a general crisis now , ” De Paoli said .
Italy 's biggest utility , Enel SpA ENEI .
MI , which owned Italian nuclear plants before the ban , was ready to take part in the nuclear revival , its chief executive Fulvio Conti said .
But experts at the conference said they doubted Enel , the most heavily indebted utility in Europe , could cough up enough of its own funds or easily get bank financing for new plants .
The government should offer firm guarantees covering up to 80 percent of investment to lure private investors who may group together in consortia to reduce risks , said Emanuele Borgonovo , director of the ELEUSI research centre at Bocconi University .
But sceptics pointed to a project by a consortium in Finland to build a nuclear plant that was once hailed as a success story by Italian backers of nuclear renaissance but which has suffered cost overruns and numerous delays .
[ ID:nLH305020 ]
With Berlusconi ’s political opponents attacking the new law , experts said would - be investors would want reassurance that a new government would not scrap nuclear revival plans .
NIMBY AND NUMBY
The new law gives the government six months to come up with criteria for selecting new nuclear sites and types of plants , rules for storing nuclear waste as well as compensation measures for communities which agree to host new nuclear power stations .
Economic Development Minister Claudio Scajola said some local authorities had signalled a willingness .
When the bill was being debated , some regional governors refused to host plants .
Local authorities have a final say on industrial projects ’ approval in Italy .
Public opinion has been generally hostile to nuclear energy and some analysts say politicians could be tempted to oppose the revival in next year ’s local elections .
Scajola has said Italy needed between eight and 10 new nuclear plants to cover a quarter of its demand , but energy experts said it would be extremely difficult to find sites for new plants and waste deposits in the densely populated country .
“ Now we have not only NIMBY ( not in my back yard ) attitude , but also NUMBY -- not under my back yard , ” said Fedora Quattrocchi of the National Institute of Geophysics and Vulcanology .
For a FACTBOX on the law and some facts on nuclear energy in Italy , please click on [ ID : nL936038 ]
( Additional reporting by Giuseppe Fonte in Rome )
We 've rounded up the best iPhone games you can download today , whatever genre you 're interested in .
If you 've got a new or upgraded iPhone , or are simply just bored with what you 've already got , then you 'll be exhilarated to hear that you can revolutionise it , turning it into one of the greatest consoles of all time .
That 's because the iPhone arguably kicked off the mobile gaming revolution , becoming home to exciting multitouch innovation through to ports of famous arcade titles .
Today , most phones are capable , powerful handheld consoles – if you know the right games to buy .
This round - up covers the best iPhone games available right now .
It ’s split into categories , so you can jump right to the top racers , puzzle games , adventures , platformers , and more .
We ’ll also highlight one new game every month , so remember to check back regularly to get a taste of the latest game to consume your waking hours .
i Phone game of the month
( Image credit : Raw Fury )
Kingdom Two Crowns
($ 4.99 / £ 4.99 / AU$ 7.99 )
Kingdom Two Crowns is an iPhone game that kicks things off with a monarch on horseback , using his handful of gold coins to have locals do his bidding .
Train archers and they set out to hunt local wildlife for dinner .
Elsewhere , fences are erected to turn your ramshackle campfire into a slightly less ramshackle fortress .
This is just as well , because when the sun sets , the Greed arrive .
These ghoulish beasts exist to steal things .
If they nab your workers ’ tools , you ’ll have to spend to upgrade them again .
If they get your crown , your reign is over , and it ’ll be down to your heir to figure out how to defeat the Greed once and for all .
With its lush pixel art , large side - scrolling landscapes , and smart mix of real - time strategy and action , Kingdom Two Crowns is a mobile masterpiece .
The best iPhone strategy games
These are our favorite iPhone card games , RTS and turn - based strategy titles , and board games to check out right now .
( Image credit : Kenny Sun )
Peak ’s Edge
( Free + $ 2.99 / £ 2.99 /AU$ 4.99 )
Peak ’s
Edge joins an increasingly impressive sub - genre of sorts on iPhone : turn - based strategy games in a shoebox .
Here , your little pyramid trundles around single - screen levels , aiming to smack enemies into oblivion and reach a goal .
Much of the strategy lies in the various power - ups that are dotted about .
Roll on to one and it ’s applied to that face of your pyramid .
Defeating foes subsequently relies on correctly orienting yourself before attack .
Quickly , it becomes apparent that Peak ’s Edge is easy to get into , but tough to master – and with procedurally generated levels , 25 skills , and 30 armor types , there ’s loads to dig into .
Note that although you can play for free , we ’re treating this as a premium game , because IAP rids the title of intrusive ads , and unlocks the unlimited undos you ’ll need to have the best experience .
( Image credit : TechRadar )
Maze Machina
($ 1.99 / £ 1.99 / AU$ 2.99 )
Maze Machina finds you as a mouse in a maze .
Unfortunately , it ’s not a cardboard creation with cheese at the end , but a bewilderingly complex clockwork construction crafted by an unhinged robot testing his mini-mes .
The aim is to get to a key and then an exit .
But every tile on the four - by - four grid acts as a power - up .
As you swipe to move , everything else on the grid follows suit .
You must therefore strategize to forge a path to your goal , not get impaled by tiny stabby robots , and avoid inconveniently blowing up the key with a bomb .
Every game feels like a new challenge with limitless combinations .
But the slide - based mechanics make it approachable .
It ’s an excellent example of ‘ simple to play , hard to master ’ , brilliantly compressing oodles of strategy into tiny spaces and short games .
( Image credit : Jolly Good Games Limited )
Starbeard
($ 2.99 / £ 2.99 /AU$4.99 )
Starbeard features a race of space gnomes , attempting to defend their gardens from aliens that look an awful lot like garden pests .
But in order to stab them , you must engage your brain rather than your sword arm , because Starbeard is a match puzzler .
The game happily plays with conventions .
You can only move items on the bottom of each column , and your protagonist ’s position within the grid is key when it comes to engaging bugs .
However , your attacks rely on actions that only become available if fully charged by you matching certain items .
Starbeard therefore gives you something more than a typical gem matcher , demanding you think several moves ahead ; and the strategy the game ’s set - up demands ensures victory over those nasty bugs depends on your brain , rather than the dexterity of your digits .
( Image credit : Michael Brough / TechRadar )
P1 Select
($ 2.99 / £ 2.99 /AU$4.99 )
P1 Select is a single - screen dungeon crawler with a twist .
At the bottom half of the screen is a basic maze , with its walls , monsters , bling , and an exit .
At the top half is a player select grid .
As you move within the maze ( in turn - based fashion ) , the player selection shifts accordingly .
This is , to put it mildly , perplexing .
At first , P1 Select merrily smashes your brain out with a brick .
Even though the game has just nine screens , getting to the end seems like a daunting prospect .
At some point , it just clicks .
You figure out how to goad monsters , and better switch between players .
Then you can work on improving your strategy – a must , given that your high score is actually an average of recent runs .
Thinky stuff , then , and all the better for it .
Kingdom Rush Vengeance
($ 4.99 / £ 4.99 / AU$ 7.99 )
Kingdom Rush Vengeance is the latest entry in mobile gaming ’s foremost tower defense series .
As ever , the basics involve using resources to buy towers that stem the flow of adversaries .
If too many of them reach their goal , you ’re defeated and must try again .
The twist – at least from a storyline perspective – is that you ’re the bad guy .
Vez ’nan the wizard has had enough , and is now on the rampage , attacking his nemeses .
( How this is achieved through tower defense , we ’ve no idea , but , well , video games . )
It ’s visually smart , with varied levels , plus added strategy in the form of heroes to deploy and special powers to unleash .
Even though it ’s a touch fiddly on iPhone , and gates some towers and heroes behind IAP , Vengeance should be immediately snapped up by any fan of the genre .
Twinfold
($ 3.99 / £ 3.99 / AU$ 5.99 )
Twinfold initially comes across a bit like iOS tile - sliding match classic
Threes !
You move cards within a claustrophobic grid , aiming to match pairs and double their face value , and cards all sport expressions , imbuing them with the kind of personality typically absent from such games .
Very rapidly , though , you realize Twinfold has more in common with turn - based dungeon crawlers than puzzlers .
Your aim is primarily to survive ; and this requires you learn and master rules and powers that enable you to efficiently deal with enemies roaming the mazes that shift and change every time you gulp down an energy - giving yellow card .
Despite the tight confines of the arena , there ’s loads of depth here – but it sits behind a vibrant and inviting interface that ensures immediacy and accessibility .
Top stuff .
Euclidean Skies
($ 4.99 / £ 4.99 / AU$ 7.99 )
Euclidean Skies takes the framework behind iOS classic Euclidean Lands and stretches it to breaking point .
Lands had you move in turn - based fashion on floating structures akin to Rubik ’s Cubes , attacking nearby foes in chess - like fashion .
Manipulating the landscape was as important as the direction of your next step .
But in Skies , the land itself can be pulled to pieces .
This means the original ’s quiet clockwork elegance has been replaced with a kind of brain - thumping chaos .
You may be tasked with obliterating a giant monster ’s spine by reworking the landscape , or figuring out how to simultaneously carve a pathway to a switch and some doors .
It ’s hard work , but hugely rewarding ; and even though the game ’s a touch fiddly on the smaller screen , iCloud sync means you can always pick up from where you left off on your iPad .
Reigns : Game of Thrones
($ 3.99 / £ 3.99 / AU$ 5.99 )
Reigns : Game of Thrones slaps a famous license on now - familiar Tinder - meets - kingdom management larks from the original Reigns , and follow - up Reigns : Her Majesty .
You tend to the needs and desires of your subjects and enemies , keeping the army , church , people and bank happy – but not to the point they ’ll instigate your untimely demise .
Flick cards left or right and your approval ratings change accordingly – and sometimes unpredictably .
Quests and themes run throughout , providing surprising depth , given the basic nature of your interactions .
The writing is great , although the game is more enjoyable if you ’re a fan of the TV show on which it ’s based .
But even if you ’re a newcomer , this Reigns is fun , with you seeing how far you can get into its complex narrative web before being brutally taken down by any number of foes .
Sid Meier 's Civilization VI
( free + $ 19.99 / £ 19.99 / AU$ 30.99 IAP )
Sid Meier 's Civilization VI is one of the PC ’s finest 4X ( eXplore ; eXpand ; eXploit ; eXterminate ) strategy titles .
Its turn - based shenanigans have you explore a brand - new world , aiming to be the dominant civilization through conquering space , getting absurdly rich , or giving everyone else a kicking until your mob ’s the only one left standing .
When the game arrived for iPad , that was an eye - opener , but now it ’s on your iPhone .
This is n’t a cut - back , cartoonish take either – it ’s the full experience .
There are drawbacks beyond the high price – the game ’s a touch fiddly on a phone , requires powerful hardware , and lacks cloud save sync .
We ’d love to play a few turns on the train and continue later on an iPad .
Gripes aside , this game showcases the potential for immersive AAA experiences on iPhone like no other .
Card Crawl
($ 2.99 / £ 2.99 /AU$4.49 )
Card Crawl is solitaire reimagined as a dungeon crawler – or perhaps the other way around .
Regardless , it pits you against a grumpy ogre ’s deck of 54 cards .
During each round , he deals four cards , which may be a mix of weapons , potions , spells , and hideous enemies .
Your own four slots are for the adventurer , your two hands , and a backpack to stash items in for later .
The adventurer ’s health is diminished when fighting monsters ( unless armed ) , but you can counter by getting stabby with swords ( or hiding behind a shield , like a coward ) .
Games are brief – only a few minutes long – but Card Crawl manages to balance randomness and strategy .
Over time , you can unlock new abilities and figure out strategies to boost your high scores .
It ’s a polished , entertaining and clever take on card games that ’s ideal for iPhone .
Exploding Kittens
($ 1.99 / £ 1.99 / AU$ 2.99 )
High - octane card games do n’t seem the greatest fit for iPhone gaming , but Exploding Kittens perfectly captures the manic chaos of the Oatmeal - illustrated original .
As per that version , this is Russian roulette with detonating cats .
Players take turns to grab a card , and if they get an exploding kitten , they must defuse it or very abruptly find themselves out of the game .
Strategy comes by way of action cards , which enable you to peek at the deck , skip a turn , steal cards from an opponent , and draw from the bottom of the deck “ like the baby you are ” .
Local and online multiplayer is supported , timers stop people from dawdling , and a ‘ chance of kitten ’ meter helps everyone keep track of the odds .
Large hands of cards rather irritatingly require quite a bit of swiping to peruse ( although cards can be reordered ) , but otherwise this is first - rate and amusingly deranged multiplayer mayhem .
Warbits
($ 4.99 / £ 4.99 / AU$ 7.99 )
Nintendo fans probably wonder why the big N has n't yet brought the superb Advance Wars to iPad , but Warbits now scratches that particular itch .
However , although Warbits is influenced by Nintendo 's turn - based strategy title , it is n't a copy — the iOS game brings plenty of new thinking to the table and is very much optimised for the iPad .
Working with 16 varied units , you conquer a series of battlefields by directing your troops , making careful note of your strengths and the enemy 's relevant weaknesses .
All the while , Warbits merrily has you and your opponent trading barbs , often about subjects such as whether tomatoes are fruit , because that 's the kind of thing you 'd go to war over .
Finish the 20 - mission campaign and you 'll have a decent grasp of Warbits , and can then venture online to take on other human players across dozens of different maps .
With superb visuals , enough new ideas over the game that inspired it , and a single one - off price - tag , Warbits is a must - buy for any iPhone - owning strategy nut .
Progress towards a global treaty to fight climate change took an important step forward today when the US said it would not demand that China commits to binding cuts of its greenhouse gas emissions .
The move came on the last day of the latest round of UN climate change talks involving 183 nations , which aim to produce a deal in Copenhagen in December .
Jonathan Pershing , head of the US delegation in Bonn , said developing nations – seeking to grow their economies and alleviate poverty – would instead be asked to commit to other actions .
These include boosting energy efficiency standards and improving the take - up of renewable energy , but would not deliver specific reductions .
He said : " We 're saying that the actions of developing countries should be binding , not the outcomes of those actions . "
Only developed nations , including the US , would be expected to guarantee cuts .
The pledge was included in a US blueprint for a climate change deal submitted to the Bonn meeting , which Pershing said was based on the need for the rich nations to cut greenhouse gases 80 % by 2050 .
The US plan , if approved , could replace the existing Kyoto protocol .
The lack of any carbon targets for developing nations in the Kyoto protocol was the reason the US never ratified that treaty .
While such cuts were believed to be unrealistic even in the new treaty , the first clear acceptance of that at the UN talks by the US is being seen as significant .
EU officials said they were studying the US proposal .
China and the US are the two biggest polluters in the world , making their positions on the deal critical .
In a separate submission to the talks , China was among a group of developing nations that called on rich countries including Britain and the US to cut emissions by 2020 by 40 % on 1990 levels .
According to environmental group WWF , commitments made by developing countries so far add up only to about a 10 % cut — Japan this week proposed an effective 8 % cut in its emissions .
Observers see the 40 % demand as unrealistic , suggesting the US move amounts to blinking first in the negotiations .
But back channel negotiations , revealed by the Guardian last month , showed the two nations are searching for a deal .
John Ashe , who chaired discussions at Bonn on how Kyoto targets could be extended , said many of the targets put forward could yet be revised as the Copenhagen deadline loomed .
" There is always an initial move and then a final move .
I do n't believe we 're in the final stage yet . "
He said China should agree to take actions to control emissions that were measured and reported to the international community .
In Washington , Todd Stern , the state department 's climate change envoy , said the US still expected China to take serious moves towards a cleaner economy .
" We are expecting China to reduce their emissions very considerably compared to where they would otherwise be [ with ] a business as usual trajectory . "
At the end of the talks , the UN 's top climate official said significant progess had been made .
Yvo de Boer , executive secretary of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change , said : " A big achievement of this meeting is that governments have made it clearer what they want to see in the Copenhagen agreed outcome . "
But green campaigners criticised the failure to resolve any major issues , such as an overall target for 2020 emission reductions or concrete proposals on funding for poor nations to deal with global warming .
Antonio Hill of Oxfam said : " The countries that created the nightmare are refusing to lift a finger to prevent it becoming a reality .
Rich country delegates have spent two weeks talking but have done nothing on the issues that really matter .
They may be kidding themselves they are working towards a deal but they are not kidding anyone else . "
This is and excerpt from the article of Russian newspaper back from 1958 .
It tells that :
“ Young Soviet engineer has assembled a wireless phone that can be connected to the city phone line via ‘ electro - magnetic ’ waves .
The new model of his phone has a size not more than two cigarette boxes and weights 500g ( together with the battery ) , thanks to this the device can be widely used not only for organizations but also for the personal use .
Using this pocket radio phone anyone can call landline number from wherever he is and also he can be called by any landline user . ”
It sounds bit naive these days , but if back in 1958 it could be really innovative and advanced , especially for a Soviet Russian citizen who was not got used to a gadget abundance .
Russian authorities did n’t let this happen , the device was not in mass production , and was not available for general public , probably for security and censorship reasons states had in mind , so Russian people had a chance to get the personal mobile phone only after Soviet Union collapsed – just 20 years ago first cell phones and other modification of mobile devices appeared on sale in Russia .
On photo there is that “ Young Soviet engineer together with his phone ” .
On June 4 , 2009 , I both called Congressman Dent 's office and sent the below text in an email .
I identified myself as a candidate in next year 's election .
during the call and I am pleased to remark that the call was handled in a courteous and professional manner .
Please take a read .
My remarks are that our health is the most integral part of our wealth – do we REALLY want government running and involved with our health care ?
Although I commend the Congressman for taking the proper steps against the Democratic Party – which is aggressively advancing “ ObamaCare ” – I fail to see why there is need to debate this topic .
Why ?
Well , there is simply nothing in the Constitution that delegates the power to federal Congress to legislate on this matter .
The argument to fully privatize health care will be saved for a later day , but I wish Congress would turn it 's attention to Constitutional topics that are far more serious and relevant , such as our monetary policy .
Dear Congressman
Dent – I have read about your efforts to , in your own words , pass a bill that “ bans government interference into the doctor - patient relationship by protecting the right of Americans to get the care they need when they need it . ”
I want you to know that I agree with this sentiment ; however , my personal view is that a Constitutional amendment is necessary before the federal government can setup a federal health care system for citizens , and the government is already too involved with our health .
The text of HR 2516 , which you co-signed , states “ no Federal funds shall be used to permit any Federal officer or employee to exercise any supervision or control over . ”
Why does it simply not state “ no Federal funds shall be used for the practice of medicine ” ?
Would you support this change and why ?
Please also consider co-signing HR 2630 , the Protect Patients and Physicians Privacy Act .
This bill will give all individuals “ the ability to opt out of any Federally mandated , created , or funded electronic system for maintaining health care information . ”
This is the Constitutional view I mentioned above .
Please also consider co-signing HR 2629 , the “ Coercion is Not Health Care Act . ”
This act will FORBID the federal government to set a requirement for health insurance coverage and bluntly states “ no individual or agency of the Federal Government shall ever require any individual to purchase health insurance coverage . ”
Again , this is the Constitutional view .
Also , roughly one month ago I requested by both written letter and phone call to your office your thoughts on our nation 's monetary policy , specifically to abolish the Federal Reserve .
I have not received any form of reply to my email or address .
Could you please reply as I am unaware of your views on this important topic ?
Sincerely , Jake Towne
Feel free to let me know what you think about the nationalization of health care and my above letter below , or leave a comment on my interim campaign web page – there is a Discussion devoted to health care .
I am happy to report that a much better website is under construction .
However , the fact is that our current crop of politicians are not following the Constitution , and here is what I think we must do “ RALLY AT THE BREACH !! – A Note on the U.S. Constitution . ”
Jake Towne is running for U.S. Congress in Pennsylvania 's 15th District in the 2010 election as a citizen unaffiliated with any political parties .
Jake also writes at www.LibertyMaven.com and www.CampaignForLiberty.com.
A master campaign presentation for internet viewing is available .
[ Reach the Author Here ! ]
_______________________________________________________________________
We the People of the United States , in Order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice , insure domestic Tranquility , provide for the common defence , promote the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity , do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America .
As always , unlike the NFL , the author grants full permission to allow any accounts of , rebroadcasts , retransmissions , repostings of this article to your blog or anywhere else in order to promote the Restoration of our Republic .
Veritas numquam perit .
Veritas odit moras .
Veritas vincit .
Truth never perishes .
Truth hates delay .
Truth conquers .
Tu ne cede malis sed contra audentior ito .
Do not give in to evil but proceed ever more boldly against it .
“ Intelligence is quickness in seeing things as they are . ” – George Santayana
Nolan Chart Facebook Group Page Created
Summary of Articles and Bibliography for Jake Towne , the Champion of the Constitution ( 5/9/2009 )
_______________________________________________________________________
Other Recent Articles by the Author
Bank United Collapses – FDIC “ Insurance ” Getting Wiped Out
Gold and the “ Average Man ”
Ron Paul – The Gray Champion
Ron Paul 's rEVOLution Versus the “ One Ring ” of the Federal Reserve
It is been more than six months since the country has been trying to control the spread of coronavirus .
However , there seems to be little respite for ...
ISLAMABAD ( Reuters ) - A bomb blast killed around 40 worshippers attending Friday prayers at a mosque in a restive area of northwest Pakistan , a senior official in the area told Reuters .
Pakistan 's Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani ( R ) shake hands with U.S. special envoy Richard Holbrooke at the prime minister 's residence in Islamabad June 5 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Mian Khursheed
“ The death toll is 40 .
We have no idea as yet how many have been wounded , ” said Atif - ur - Rehman , the senior - most government administrator in the Upper Dir district , close to Swat Valley , where the army has been conducting a major offensive against the Taliban .
Umer Rehman , a resident of Hayagai village , around 200 km ( 125 miles ) northwest of Islamabad , said 30 bodies had been identified .
“ A large number of body parts are scattered in the mosque .
We do n’t know whether these are parts of the dead who have been identified or of others . ”
Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani said such incidents would not “ deter the government from its resolve to eliminate this scourge ( of terrorism ) from the country . ”
Earlier on Friday , police arrested suicide bombers in Islamabad and nearby Rawalpindi , Pakistan ’s interior minister said .
U.S. special envoy Richard Holbrooke consulted the country ’s leaders on what needs to be done once the army eliminates the Taliban in Swat valley .
Gilani urged the United States to write off Pakistan ’s debt , which at end - March stood at $ 1.55 billion , and told Holbrooke America should expedite the supply of military hardware .
Interior Minister Rehman Malik told journalists the suspected bombers caught in Islamabad and Rawalpindi had suicide jackets , but did not say how many .
The News daily reported four men were being held .
Roadblocks have multiplied in recent days in both the capital and Rawalpindi , where the army is headquartered , over fears of attacks in retaliation against the Swat offensive .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
PUBLIC SUPPORT
The military says more than 1,200 militants and 90 soldiers have been killed since the army swung into action in late April , while the militants have carried out bomb attacks in Lahore , and the northwestern cities of Peshawar and Dera Ismail Khan .
Western allies , worried the nuclear - armed country was sliding into chaos , have welcomed Pakistan ’s show of steel and the army action has received wide support from major political parties , the public and media .
“ The people of Swat have realized that the entire misery which we are facing today , it is because of the Taliban , because of the terrorists , who are not only enemies of the country but enemies of Islam , ” Malik said .
On Thursday , hours after Holbrooke visited Mardan district to see camps set up for some of the 2.5 million people who have fled Swat , militants shot dead five policemen and a soldier after first targeting a convoy with a roadside bomb .
Army chief General Ashfaq Kayani said his forces had snuffed out “ organized resistance in Swat ’s towns and along roads leading into its alpine valley , and spoke of operations on a “ limited scale ” to eliminate the hideouts of remaining militants , and run their leaders to ground .
“ The tide in Swat has decisively turned , ” a military statement issued on Thursday evening quoted Kayani as saying .
President Asif Ali Zardari has taken a strong stand against militancy , but he has to convince many Pakistanis that they are
not fighting America ’s war , despite being a U.S. ally in a broader campaign to defeat al Qaeda and stabilize Afghanistan .
“ It is the fight for our very survival , ” Zardari said in an interview with the Financial Times published on Friday .
“ Future generations will not forgive us if we fail .
We can not afford to lose it .
Defeat is not an option for us . ”
Holbrooke had earlier announced the United States aimed to give Pakistan $ 200 million , in addition to $ 100 million already pledged , to help it deal with displaced people from Swat .
Holbrooke has said the United States aimed to give Pakistan $ 200 million , in addition to $ 110 million already pledged , to help deal with the humanitarian crisis posed by the massive dislocation of population .
He has also urged European and Islamic nations to do more to help .
There is speculation that once Swat is under control , the army could switch its focus to South Waziristan , where four soldiers were killed by a roadside bomb on Friday .
The army retook Swat ’s main town of Mingora last week , raising hopes that many of the displaced people will soon be allowed to return home .
Im Lotto - online - Kiosk wird Lotto gespielt !
Die Auswahl des Lotto Anbieters hängt von unterschiedlichen Faktoren ab .
Zum einen ist das Serviceangebot wichtig , zum anderen spielen die Bearbeitungsgebühren eine große Rolle .
Außerdem sind die individuellen Präferenzen zur Serviceplattform entscheidend , aber auch Gutscheine , Coupons und Rabatte können überzeugende Argumente sein .
Die Entscheidung für einen Lottoanbieter kann viele Vorteile aber auch Nachteile mit sich bringen .
Für den großen Lotto 6aus49 Gewinn müssen
Sie jedoch Lotto spielen , dies können Sie hier auf www.Lotto-online-Kiosk.de jetzt bequem im Internet .
Hier haben
Sie immer und überall wo ein Internetzugang verfügbar ist die Möglichkeit Ihren Tipp und den Spielschein ab zu geben und können Ihren Tippschein an einem sicheren
Ort aufbewahren um sich den Gewinn zu sichern .
Sie können sich auf unserer Seite über das Lotto spielen im Internet informieren .
Die neuesten Trends erfahren und sich tiefer ins Thema einlesen .
Lottohelden und Lottoland bieten die besten Konditionen im Anbieter - Vergleich
Als bester Lotto Anbieter in unserem Vergleich konnten sich die beiden Plattformen Lottohelden und Lottoland gegen die Konkurrenz durchsetzen .
Auf dem dritten Platz landet TheLotter , welches der Vermittler der meisten Lotterien ist .
Die Lottohelden überzeugt durch die niedrigsten Bearbeitungsgebühren im Vergleich und einen vergleichsweise guten Service für deutsche Spieler .
Zudem bietet sie neben einem Dauerschein auch mit einem Jackpot - Knacker der Spielscheine so lange verlängert bis der Jackpot geknackt wurde .
Dieser Anbieter punktet durch keinerlei versteckte Kosten .
Einziger Wermutstropfen ist das die Lottohelden
Ihre ehemals deutsche Lizenz jetzt von aus Gibraltar beziehen und somit EU lizensiert sind .
Zwar handelt es sich bei einer solchen Lizenzierung um eine Zweitlotterie , jedoch ist die Teilnahme an einer Zweitlotterie für EU Bürger aus Deutschland nicht illegal .
Der Unterschied an einer Zweitlotterie zur Deutschen Lotterie ist das der Tipp auf die selben Lottozahlen abgegeben wird , der Gewinn jedoch vom Anbieter ausgezahlt wird und nicht aus dem Lotto Topf der Deutschen Glückspiellotterie stammt .
In unserem Langzeit Vergleich des Lottohelden Spielerkontos kann es auch durch seinen guten Kundenservice , sowie leicht zu bedienende und zuverlässige Online - Plattform über den Internet - Browser und per App überzeugen .
Auch der Anbieter Lottoland bietet sehr gute Konditionen .
Im Gegensatz zu vielen anderen Anbietern , wie z . B. Lotto.de und Lottobay.de , bietet Lottoland Gratis Lotto Aktionen und Gutscheine an .
Zwar können die meisten Sonderkonditionen nur von Erstkunden eingelöst werden , jedoch werden auch Aktionen für Bestandskunden durchgeführt mit denen man beim Lotto spielen sparen kann .
Im Bereich online Lotto gehören die Lottohelden , Lottoland , TheLotter und Tipp24.com im Anbieter - Vergleich zu den besten Angeboten für Lotto im Internet .
Die Online - Tippscheine der Anbieter überzeugen durch ihre gute Bedienbarkeit und klare Struktur .
Das Online - Spielen bei Lottoland zeichnet sich zusätzlich durch einen sehr nützlichen Zusatzfunktionen wie dem Win-O - Meter , der Jackpotjagd , dem doppelten Jackpot oder dem Zahlenschutz aus .
Auch bei Tests anderer Webseiten und Organisationen , wie z .
B. der Lottostieftung oder den Lotto Experten , schnitten die Anbieter der Lottohelden , Lottoland oder Tipp24.com sehr gut ab und landeten fast immer auf den ersten Plätzen .
zurück zum menü ↑
Bester Anbieter für Lotto 6aus49
Die beliebte Lottoerie aus Deutschalnd Lotto 6aus49 kann man bei allen bei uns vorgestellten Anbietern spielen .
Jedoch gibt es in den Punkten Kosten , Service und Zusatzfunktionen gerade bei dieser Lotterie abweichungen im Angebot .
Im Folgenden finden Sie eine Auflistung über die beliebtesten Anbieter , bei denen man Lotto 6 aus 49 besonder bequem über das Internet spielen kann :
zurück zum menü ↑
Bester Lotto Anbieter für große Jackpots
Hier muss man ehrlich berichten , dass die wirklich großen Jackpots nicht in Deutschland ausgespielt werden .
In Europa ist es wohl der Spanische El Gordo den man mit einem großen Jackpot kennt , aber auch der Powerball aus den USA hat mit einem Rekordjackpot von 1,3 Milliarden Dollar eine wirklich großen Jackpot gehabt .
Bei welchem Anbieter kann man an der Jackpot Jagd auf große Summen teilnehmen ?
Hier ist zuerst TheLotter zu nennen .
Dieser Anbieter hat die meisten Weltweit angebotenen Jacpots im Programm .
Aber auch bei den Lottohelden oder bei Lottoland kann man bei einigen ausgesuchten Jackpots abräumen .
zurück zum menü ↑
Bei wie vielen Anbietern kann man sich anmelden ?
Erfreulicherweise gibt es kein Limit bei wie vielen Anbietern man angemeldet ist .
Da keine Kosten bei derAnmeldung anfallen ist es sogar ratsam sich bei mehr als nur einem Anbieter ein Spielerkonto anzulegen .
Dadurch ist es Möglich die Vorteile der Anbieter zu kombinieren oder sogar kostenlos Lotto spielen .
Das bedeutet man hat sowohl einen Service Vorteil als auch einen Kosten Vorsprung .
Auch Gutscheine und Gratis Lotto kann man so bei mehr als einmal einstreichen .
zurück zum menü ↑
Was zeichnet einen guten Lotto Anbieter aus ?
Besonders , wenn man Lotto im Internet spielt , sollte man im Voraus einen prüfenden Blick auf den entsprechenden Online - Anbieter werfen .
Hier gilt – wie an einer regulären Lotto - Annahmestelle - der erste Eindruck .
Findet man sich auf der Internetseite der entsprechenden Onlinelotterie gut zurecht und wirkt diese übersichtlich , offen und transparent , wirkt sich dies positiv auf Spielinteressenten aus , da diese sich eingeladen fühlen , sich in der Online - Lotterie weiter umzusehen .
Neben der Präsenz der Internetseite muss sich der Anbieter außerdem an geltende Richtlinien halten .
Das sichere und legale Lotto spielen im Web richtet sich in jedem Land nach regionalen Glücksspielgesetzen und den Europäischen Gesetzen .
Im Internet gibt es Lotto - Anbieter mit und ohne deutsche Zulassung .
Sogenannte “ Zweitlotterien ” werden von Lottoanbietern angeboten die über eine EU Lizenz verfügen .
Hat ein Anbieter weder eine Deutsche noch eine EU Lizenz ist von einer Spielteilnahme abzuraten .
Wenn man den Jackpot bei einem nicht lizensierten Anbieter knacken würde , gäbe es keine Garantie , dass der vermeidliche Gewinn auch ausgezahlt werden würde .
Bei solchen Anbietern werden die abgegebenen Tipps aufgrund der fehlenden Zulassung und um die Spieleinsätze nicht in die Ausschüttung geben zu müssen , nicht an die Landeslotteriegesellschaft übermittelt oder es gibt keine Prüfstelle die eine Gewinnausschüttung überwacht .
Dies hat die Konsequenz , dass Kunden keinen Rechtsanspruch auf eine Gewinnausschüttung besitzen da die möglichen Gewinne der Teilnehmer meist lediglich über Versicherungen abgesichert sind .
Je nach Höhe des Gewinns ist jedoch zweifelhaft , ob eine Auszahlung überhaupt möglich ist .
Um ein Spiel ohne Gewinn und solche Ärgernisse zu vermeiden , gibt es einige Punkte , an denen sich eine unseriöse Online - Lotterie prüfen und erkennen lässt .
Beiträge werden für Gewinnspielteilnahme gefordert
Extremes Angebot an Gratisspielen
Mindestgrenzen bei den Auszahlungen
ungenaue bis gar keine Angaben über Gewinnchancen und Teilnehmer
es werden keine Allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen ( AGB ) auf der Seite veröffentlicht
E - Mail - Werbung mit manipulierten Absenderadressen
es werden unbekannte Prüfsiegeln verwendet
Zusätzlich zu den genannten Kriterien sollte man im Zweifelsfall einen Blick auf das Impressum des Lotterie - Anbieters werfen .
Ein seriöser Anbieter hat stets ein vollständiges Impressum auf seiner Internetseite , außerdem sollten dort Name und Anschrift des Unternehmens , ein Verantwortlicher im Unternehmen so wie die zuständige Aufsichtsbehörde genannt sein .
Um zu sehen , welche Anbieter in Deutschland offiziell zur Ziehung zugelassen sind , kann man außerdem auf den sogenannten “ White Lists ” der Glücksspielaufsichtsbehörden der Länder einsehen , welche Lottogesellschaften offiziell für das Lottospielen online zugelassen sind .
zurück zum menü ↑
Prämien bei Kontoeröffnung und Lotto Gutscheine
Viele Lotto - Anbieter werben online mit Prämien bei einer Kontoeröffnung und zahlreichen Gutscheinen .
Wie oben bereits beschrieben , sollte ein übermäßiges Angebot an Gutscheinen und auch unrealistisch hohe Startprämien kritisch betrachtet werden .
Generell spricht aber nichts dagegen , von Startprämien und Lotto - Gutscheinen Gebrauch zu machen , sofern sie von seriösen Anbietern stammen und man bei der Auswahl eines solchen Gutscheins nicht auf eine andere Internetseite geleitet wird .
Hierfür ist es ratsam , die URL - Adresse zu beobachten und ob diese sich ändert , sobald man den Gutschein ausgewählt hat .
Natürlich werden Prämien und Lotto- Gutscheine Online nicht nur von Betrügern , sondern auch von zugelassenen Online - Lottostellen angeboten .
Ziel ist , den Spielinteressenten zum Spielen zu bewegen und im Bestfall als neuen Kunden zu gewinnen .
Eine beliebte Möglichkeit hier sind Gratisfelder , bei denen der Spielinteressent für sein Spiel ein oder mehrere Tippfelder geschenkt bekommt .
Auch Rabattangebote sind eine oft gewählte Möglichkeit , die ein oder andere Einsparung zu machen .
Besonders Neukunden kommen bei vielen Anbietern in den Genuss von Prämien .
So bieten die meisten Anbieter für den ersten Tippschein einen Erlass von 50 Prozent an oder verschenken für das erste Spiel die Hälfte der Tippfelder .
zurück zum menü ↑
Auswahlkriterien für Lotterien
Wenn Sie auf der Suche nach einer neuen Lotterie sind sollten Sie sich nicht von der Jackpot Summe alleine überzeugen lassen .
Auch wenn es hier meist um mehrere Millionen Euro geht gibt es weitere Kriterien die Sie überzeugen sollten an einer Lotterie Teilzunehmen .
Folgende Punkte sollten
Sie prüfen bevor Sie Ihren Tipp abgeben :
Wie hoch ist die Gewinnwahrscheinlichkeit im Vergleich zu anderen Lotterien
Wie viel Kostet die Teilnahme und welche Gebühren fallen an
Gibt es eine Sonderauslosung bei der es bessere Gewinnwahrscheinlichkeiten gibt
Wie steigt der Jackpot und sollte auf einen höheren Jackpot spekuliert werden
Kann im Lotto System & Lotto Vollsystem gespielt werden
zurück zum menü ↑
Die wichtigsten Faktoren bei einem Anbieter - Vergleich
Die Wahl an Anbieter im Internet ist groß .
Oft fällt es schwer , da den passenden Lotto - Anbieter herauszufiltern .
Diesbezüglich gibt es einige Kernpunkte , die einem bei der Wahl des richtigen Lotto Anbieters Online unterstützen .
– Ist die Seite seriös und transparent strukturiert ?
– Wird bei einer Kundenkonto - Eröffnung auf die AGB hingewiesen ?
– Hat sie ein Siegel , welches sie qualifiziert ?
– Gibt es dort jemanden , den ich bei Rückfragen erreichen kann ?
Der Servicefaktor
Ein guter Service ist besonders durch seine einfache Handhabe und die Transparenz zu erkennen .
So sollte es den Kunden jederzeit möglich sein , die AGB , die Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen , einsehen zu können .
Gute Lotto Anbieter hinterlegen außerdem immer Informationen über die Gewinnauszahlung für ihre Interessenten und Mitglieder zugänglich und sollten anhand einer entsprechenden Anlaufstelle oder Service - Hotline Kontaktmöglichkeiten anbieten , sich auch bei Suchtverhalten an jemanden wenden zu können , da dies ein Glücksspiel leider auch mit sich ziehen kann .
Definitiv muss immer ein Ansprechpartner existieren , der den Service betreffend greifbar ist und den man diesbezüglich Rückfragen oder Problemen ohne großen Aufwand kontaktieren kann .
Die meisten der deutschen Online - Lotterien verfügen über eine telefonische Beratung , wobei hier die Wartezeiten je nach Uhrzeit und Tag variieren können .
Generell sind die meisten Lottoanbieter etwa elf Stunden am Tag erreichbar , einige der Lotterien verfügen außerdem über Service - Hotlines am Wochenende und sehr wenige Anbieter bieten für Spielinteressenten einen Live - Chat an .
Die Anfrage per Mail spielt im Internet eine weitere wichtige Rolle .
Ein guter Service bearbeitet Kundenanfragen innerhalb 24 Stunden .
Sollte auf eine Mail keine Antwort erfolgen , fehlerhafte Links versendet oder in englischer Sprache geantwortet werden , übt sich dies negativ auf den Servicefaktor des Lotto Online - Anbieters aus .
Die meisten Online Lotterien jedoch beantworten Anfragen innerhalb eines Tages und verweisen bei komplizierten Themen auf die Service - Hotline , um das Anliegen unmissverständlich telefonatisch klären zu können .
Auch der eigentliche Tippvorgang an sich zeichnet im Bestfall guten Service aus .
So sollte stets möglich sein , falsche Zahlen einfach und in wenigen Schritten korrigieren zu können , auch die sogenannte “ Quicktipp - Funktion ” , die von deutschen Spielinteressenten gerne genutzt wird , sollte leicht auffindbar sein .
Für noch mehr Transparenz sollte ein guter online Lotto Anbieter auch die abgegebenen Tipps im Kundenkonto speichern , so dass der Nutzer seine Tipps jederzeit einsehen kann .
Auch die allgemeine Angebotsbreite des Lottoanbieters spielt eine Rolle in Sachen Service , da ein breites Angebot auch vielfältige Möglichkeiten bietet .
Der Kostenfaktor
Leider ist bei vielen Lotto - Online Anbietern nicht direkt ersichtlich , wie hoch die jeweiligen Bearbeitungsgebühren ausfallen .
Die abgegebenen Tipps werden im Kundenkonto gespeichert und deren Zahlung folgt in der Regel per PayPal , Lastschrit oder Kreditkarte .
Einen Unterschied bei den Kosten fürs Lotto spielen machen jedoch gerade die Bearbeitungsgebühren , die jede Onlineplattform selber festlegen kann .
Hier lohnen sich Vergleiche , da die Kosten nicht nur nach Anbieter , sondern auch nach Spielart variieren .
Dauerspiele , aber auch die KENO - Lotterie so wie die deutsche Rentenlotterie liegen alle preislich in unterschiedlichen Kategorien .
So gibt es Zusatzspiele , beispielsweise die Super 6 oder Spiel 77 , die beim regulären Mitspielen keine zusätzlichen Bearbeitungsgebühren kosten sollten .
Oft können sich auch die Preise für einzelne Spielscheine kurzfristig ändern , weshalb man immer unmittelbar vor und nach einem Kauf die Preise mit dem Angebot vergleichen sollte .
Der Gutschein und Gratis - Lotto Faktor
In diesem Zusammenhang bieten viele Anbieter Gutscheine und Gratis - Lottospiele an .
Generell sollten für treue Kunden definitiv Prämien wie Gutscheine und Vergünstigungen zur Verfügung stehen , einfach mit dem Hintergrund , diese langfristig zu halten .
Doch auch bei der Nutzung von Prämien oder Gratis - Lottospielen sollte stets darauf geachtet werden , ob sich die Vergünstigung auf den Einsatz , die Bearbeitungsgebühr oder die Gesamtkosten bezieht .
Wie oben bereits beschrieben , werden für Erstkunden außerdem oftmals Gratisfelder oder Rabatte vergeben .
Von solchen Angeboten sollte man sich aber nicht unüberlegt zu einer Kontoeröffnung hinreißen lassen , da viele Anbieter im Nachhinein durch vergleichsweise hohe Bearbeitungsgebühren die “ Verluste ” durch den Gutschein wieder einholen wollen .
Gutscheine sind zusätzlich eine gute Möglichkeit , Freunden , Kollegen oder Verwandten eine Freude zu bereiten .
Wer zu Geburtstagen und Festen gerne Lottoscheine verschenkt , kann dies auch in Form von Online - Lotterie - Gutscheinen machen .
Der Beschenkte ist entweder bereits dort registriert oder kann nach einer Registrierung den Gutschein einsetzen .
zurück zum menü ↑
Wie kann ich mich bei einem Lotto Anbieter anmelden ?
Generell findet eine Anmeldung für das Lotto spielen im Web auf den jeweiligen Internetseiten des Anbieters statt .
Dort sollten die jeweiligen Lotterien übersichtlich die konkrete Anmeldung , die Zahlungs - und Nutzungsbedingungen so wie eine Alters - und Identitätsprüfung darstellen .
Doch auch , wer im Besitz einer WestLotto - Karte ist oder im DauerTipp , einem einer Art Lotto - “ Dauerauftrag ” , bei dem monatlich die angegebenen Lottozahlen automatisch für den Kunden eingereicht werden , kann die Online - Lotterie über eine vereinfachte und schnelle Registrierung nutzen .
Bei welchen Anbietern erfolgt eine Identitätsprüfung über die Schufa Holding AG ?
Die meisten Anbieter führen eine Identitätsprüfung über die Schufa Holding AG durch .
Die Unterschiedlichen Verfahren der Anbieter sind in folgender Tabelle aufgeführt :
Anbieter Information Identitätsprüfung Unser Tipp Lottohelden Nutzerwertung : 4.73 ( 236 votes ) Über Schufa Holding AG Top Anbieter 2 Lottoland Nutzerwertung : 4.68 ( 158 votes ) Mehrstufiger Registrierungsprozess 3 Megalotto Nutzerwertung : 43.54 ( 26 votes ) Ausweis Abgleich ab 2.000 Euro Geheimtipp 4 The Lotter Nutzerwertung : 4.42 ( 195 votes ) keine Angaben 5 Tipp24 Nutzerwertung : 4.18 ( 125 votes ) Über Schufa Holding AG 6 Lotto24 Nutzerwertung : 4.13 ( 101 votes ) Über Schufa Holding AG 7 Lotto.de Nutzerwertung : 4.05 ( 98 votes ) Bundesland abhängig 8 MULTILOTTO Nutzerwertung : 4.75 ( 234 votes ) Keine Angaben 9 Lottobay.de Nutzerwertung : 3.34 ( 79 votes ) Über Schufa Holding AG Unser Tipp 10 Günther.de – Die Staatliche Klassenlotterie Nutzerwertung : 4.34 ( 137 votes ) SOFORT AG
Was muss man bei der Online - Anmeldung beachten ?
Die Voraussetzungen , Lotto online spielen zu können , sind die Selben wie die in regulären Lottoannahmestellen .
Teilnehmer müssen aufgrund des Glücksspielstaatengesetzes so wie des Jugendschutzgesetzes volljährig sein und ihr Alter im Regelfall auch per Legitimationsverfahren nachweisen .
In diesem Zusammenhang führen die verschiedenen Lotto - Anbieter im Internet eine Identitätsprüfung durch , bei der neben dem Alter auch der Name , die Adresse und das Geburtsdatum erfragt werden .
Dies geschieht außerdem , damit im Nachhinein alle Teilnehmer nachvollzogen werden können und niemand Unbefugtes mit einer falschen Identität online Lotto spielen kann , außerdem ist die Postleitzahl notwendig , da der Lottoschein nur so bei Lottogesellschaft des entsprechenden Bundeslandes eingereicht werden und die Teilnahme berücksichtigt werden kann .
In der Regel sollte man bei der Registrierung auf folgende Daten achten :
– Möchte ich Werbung erhalten ?
Hier sollte man genau das Kleingedruckte neben dem Kästchen lesen , was oftmals am Vertragsende neben den AGB steht .
– Habe ich die korrekte Postleitzahl angegeben ?
– Möchte ich an der Zusatzlotterie teilnehmen ?
Oft ist diese schon automatisch im Voraus ausgewählt , so dass diese bei nicht gewünschter Teilnahme extra abgewählt werden muss .
Bei der Registrierung müssen außerdem die Bankdaten des Teilnehmers hinterlegt werden , zum Einen , damit der Interessierte an dem SEPA - Lastschriftverfahren teilnehmen kann , zum Anderen , damit auch eine Ausschüttung der Gewinne über die hinterlegten Kontodaten ausgeführt werden kann .
Wie bereits erwähnt , führen die unterschiedlichen Anbieter bei der Registrierung eine Volljährigkeits - und Identitätsprüfung durch .
In dem Zusammenhang legen die Anbieter Höchstgrenzen für Spieleinsätze pro Woche oder Monat fest .
Da besonders persönliche Daten im Internet empfindlich behandelt werden , besteht bei staatlichen und zugelassenen Online - Lotterien selbstverständlich ein strenger Datenschutz , die Lotterien empfehlen außerdem , das Passwort des persönlichen Kundenkontos alle vier Wochen zu ändern , um bestmöglichen Schutz zu gewährleisten .
zurück zum menü ↑
Wie kann ich mein Konto bei einem Lotto Anbieter beenden ?
Nicht nur Spielteilnehmer , auch Lotterien haben das Recht , die bestehende Beziehung zu kündigen , sollten Probleme wie beispielsweise Rücklastschriften oder negative Schufa - Einträge auftreten .
Wenn ein Kundenkonto unbefugt von dritten Personen genutzt wurde , besteht die Möglichkeit der sofortigen Sperrung .
In der Regel genügt hier eine E - Mail oder ein Anruf bei der hinterlegten Service - Hotline , um das Konto stilllegen zu können .
Auch , wer das bestehende Lotterie - Konto aus anderen Gründen aufgeben möchte , kann dies in den meisten Fällen ohne großen Aufwand erledigen .
Voraussetzung hierfür ist ein Betrag von Null auf dem entsprechendem Spielkonto , also nachdem der Teilnehmer das entsprechende Restguthaben von seinem Spielkonto überwiesen hat .
Auch hier genügt ein Anruf oder eine Mail an die entsprechenden Ansprechpartner der Online - Lotterie .
Sofern alle Bedingungen erfüllt sind , wird das Konto nach einer geringen Mindesfrist von in der Regel ein bis zwei Wochen geschlossen oder stillgelegt .
Möchte man nur für einen befristeten Zeitraum das Konto nicht nutzen , kann man bei vielen Anbietern die Konten in der Zukunft auch wieder
Was genau ist Lotto eigentlich ?
Lotto ist ein Glücksspiel bei dem eine Wette auf das Ergebnis einer begrenzten Zahlen Ziehung abgegeben wird .
Das Wort Lotto stammt wahrscheinlich aus dem italienischen lotto oder aus dem französischen Wort lot für “ Anteil ” ” Schicksal ” oder auch “ Glücksspiel ” !
Die meisten Deutschen denken dabei an das bekannte Lotto 6aus49 , bei dem ein Tippschein mit 6 Zahlen aus den Zahlen 1 bis 49 ausgefüllt wird .
Diese 6 Zahlen sind die Vorhersage für die Lottoziehung die am Mittwoch und am Samstag stattfindet .
Die Gewinne werden durch die Ermittlung der gezogenen Zahlen und der Vorhersage des Spielers ermittelt .
Neben dem in Deutschland beliebten 6aus49 gibt es Weltweit weitere Zahlen Lotterien .
Neben dieser aktiven Form der Lotterie gibt es noch die passive Lotterie bei der ein Los mit einer aufgedruckten mehrstelligen Losnummer gekauft wird .
Diese Losnummer ist sowohl die Teilnahmeberechtigung als auch die Nummer an der die Gewinne über die Gewinnzahlen oder Gewinn - Endziffern ermittelt werden .
Die Gewinnstufen liegen meist im Voraus die Höhe der Auszahlungen fest .
Beim Lotto online werden die Losnummern virtuell ausgegeben und auf den online Tippschein ausgegeben .
Weltweit gibt es auch Abwandlungen dieser aktiven und passiven Lotto Spielweise
Wer darf Lotto spielen ?
Deutsche Teilnehmer am Lotto Glücksspiel müssen nach Deutschem Gesetzt Volljährig sein !
Spielteilnahme ist somit ab 18 Jahren möglich .
Sie sollten auch bedenken das Glücksspiel süchtig machen kann .
Roger Federer came from two sets down against Tommy Haas to reach the quarter - finals of the French Open and keep alive his hopes of winning the one grand slam title to have eluded him as he chases down Pete Sampras 's record of 14 majors .
Sunday 's stunning fourth - round defeat by Sweden 's Robin Soderling of Rafa Nadal , the world No1 and winner at Roland Garros for the last four years , has opened the way for Federer to become only the sixth player in tennis history to win all four slams , and to equal Sampras 's total .
But the nerves were there for all to see on the Philippe Chatrier court before he won 6 - 7 , 5 - 7 , 6 - 4 , 6 - 0 , 6 - 2 .
Federer served superbly in the opening set , not dropping a point , but then it all began to go wrong for him in the tie - break .
Thereafter Federer 's forehand broke down almost completely and there seemed a real possibility that the new tournament favourite might , for the first time since he was beaten by Gustavo Kuerten here in 2004 , 20 slams ago , fail to reach the semi-finals or better .
Federer , the runner - up at Roland Garros for the last three years , losing on each occasion to Nadal , fretted and fumed .
He had beaten Haas in eight of their previous 10 meetings , including the past seven , but this was sheer torture .
Haas had only once previously reached the fourth round at the French Open , his greatest slam successes being on the hard courts in Australia , where he has reached three semi-finals , losing to Federer over five sets in 2006 .
Five times the German had already lost from being two sets up , and this must surely have been in Federer 's mind , the Swiss having come back from two sets down on four previous occasions .
Once he had won the third set the momentum switched almost completely , with Haas making more and more unforced errors .
“ I think it just reflects the really quite bizarre view that Ahmadinejad and his supporters have , ” said Professor Ansari , whose father was an Iranian diplomat under the monarch ousted in 1979 , Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi .
He added , “ Britain has always been a bogeyman , but going back to that now , resorting to the villain of choice , if they really believe it , just shows how out of touch they really are . ”
Iranian popular culture has kept alive suspicions dating to the 18th century , when Britain , protecting its empire in India , began competing with Russia for influence in Iran .
Britain ’s strategic interest deepened with the development of Iran ’s oil fields .
Antipathies sharpened when Britain invaded Iran in 1941 and exiled the Iranian ruler , Reza Shah Pahlavi , suspected of pro-German sympathies .
In 1953 , British secret services worked with the Central Intelligence Agency to overthrow Mohammed Mossadegh , the nationalist prime minister .
The issue then was the Mossadegh government ’s nationalization of Iran ’s oil fields , ending the monopoly of the British - owned Anglo - Iranian Oil Company .
More recently , Britain ’s relations with Tehran were strained by the confrontation over the author Salman Rushdie .
His novel “ The Satanic Verses ” prompted Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , leader of the Islamic Revolution , to issue a call in 1989 for Muslims to kill Mr. Rushdie for what the ayatollah deemed to be the book ’s blasphemy .
That led to a lengthy freeze in diplomatic relations , and to years in which Mr. Rushdie , a British citizen , lived in hiding under police protection .
But perhaps the sharpest thorn in Tehran ’s side has been the BBC ’s Persian - language services , by radio since the early 1940s , and by a recently established television channel .
Millions of Iranians have come to rely on the BBC ’s reporting on Iran , regarding it , Professor Ansari said , as the “ most trustworthy ” account of what is happening in their country .
On Friday , the BBC said it had decided to use two extra satellites to combat intensive jamming efforts by Iran , a step likely to be seen by Tehran as a direct challenge , given its assertions in recent days that foreign broadcasters  and Web services like Facebook and Twitter  are being used to foment unrest over the disputed election .
But Rosemary Hollis , a professor of Middle East studies at City University London , said Mr. Khamenei ’s attack on Britain may have been prompted by something more basic to the Iranian psyche , an old shibboleth in which Britain remains the dark force behind American power .
“ Strange as it seems , they ’re convinced that the British are the clever ones , manipulating things behind the scenes , ” she said .
The pun in the title was COMPLETELY UNINTENTIONAL I swear !
See you tomorrow .
Ford and Volvo have n't made any official announcements , but the Chinese media and Britain 's Autocar are reporting that automaker Geely has agreed to purchase Volvo Car Corporation .
The deal has been in the works for some time , as Ford auctions off its formerly vast empire .
In the past two years , Ford has sold off Aston Martin , Jaguar , Land Rover and a chunk of its stake in Mazda .
The report says Geely will invest about $ 10 billion in Volvo and will produce a new vehicle with a Volvo badge in China .
It also indicates the deal will only be made public when ( and if , given Geely 's track record of inking deals to make cars ) the automakers can agree on technology transfers .
That could be a tricky situation for Ford , which has spun much of its current large car lineup from Volvo .
The 2010 Ford Taurus , 2009 Lincoln MKS , 2010 Lincoln MKT and 2009 Ford Flex all owe their body structures and all - wheel - drive systems , in part , to Volvo designs .
Ford purchased Volvo for $ 6.5 billion in 1999 and analysts told Autocar that a sale price of no less than $ 3 billion is expected .
[ Autocar ]
This experimental set - up was used to show that it is possible to make a transistor that acts using laser beams , not electric currents ( Image : Martin Pototschnig )
An artist ’s impression of a molecule acting as a transistor that makes it possible to use one laser beam to tune the power of another ( Image : Robert Lettow )
An optical transistor that uses one laser beam to control another could form the heart of a future generation of ultrafast light - based computers , say Swiss researchers .
Advertisement
Conventional computers are based on transistors , which allow one electrode to control the current moving through the device and are combined to form logic gates and processors .
The new component achieves the same thing , but for laser beams , not electric currents .
A green laser beam is used to control the power of an orange laser beam passing through the device .
This offers another possible route to light - based rather than electronic , computing .
Such “ photonic ” computing is desirable because components using optical fibres carrying light could be much faster than those using wires to carry electricity .
However , previous attempts to make optical transistors for such circuits only produced very weak effects .
The new device could change that .
Crystal matrix
To make their device , Vahid Sandoghdar and colleagues at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich , suspended tetradecane , a hydrocarbon dye , in an organic liquid .
They then froze the suspension to - 272 °C using liquid helium – creating a crystalline matrix in which individual dye molecules could be targeted with lasers .
When a finely tuned orange laser beam is trained on a dye molecule , it efficiently soaks up most of it up – leaving a much weaker “ output ” beam to continue beyond the dye .
But when the molecule is also targeted with a green laser beam , it starts to produce strong orange light of its own and so boosts the power of the orange output beam .
This effect is down to the hydrocarbon molecule absorbing the green light , only to lose the equivalent energy in the form of orange light .
“ That light constructively interferes with the incoming orange beam and makes it brighter , ” says Sandoghar ’s colleague Jaesuk Hwang .
Chilly problem
Using the green beam to switch the orange output beam from weak to strong is analogous to the way a transistor ’s control electrode switches a current between “ on ” and “ off ” voltages , and hence the 0s and 1s of digital data .
And doing it with a single molecule means billions could be packed into future photonic chips .
It ’s a neat trick , but the Zurich team ’s work is a long way from commercially viable , says Malcolm Penn , CEO of UK electronics market researcher Future Horizons .
The costs of operating at such low , cryogenic temperatures are high , he says .
But Moore ’s law , which describes how the number of components on a chip roughly doubles every two years , cannot go on forever while computing is based on silicon , he acknowledges , making any novel ideas of value .
“ In research labs , silicon chips with features just 15 nanometres wide are already misbehaving as quantum randomness makes devices depart from the way they should work , ” he explains , “ so we need new ideas like this for sure . ”
Journal reference : Nature ( DOI : 10.1038/nature08134 )
The external - combustion engine predates its internal - combustion counterpart by nearly a century .
Internal combustion won out for modern automobiles by way of its more robust production of horsepower and torque .
But Segway inventor Dean Kamen is working up several new uses for the venerable Stirling external - combustion engine .
The latest is a electric generator that can use almost anything that burns as fuel .
It 's the centerpiece of a new hybrid- electric scooter that may never need recharging .
Daylife / AP
Photo used by permission
You ca n’t be happy when your team loses ; but , the United States getting to play in a Final ending with a close defeat by Brazil in the Confederations Cup , 2 - 3 in South Africa is something that would be unheard of a few years ago .
The RSA team played better than anyone thought they could .
The USA team did as well – and good enough to make the final .
Both of these teams surprised the experts .
There are national teams in many football powerhouse nations who did n’t even get into the tourney .
Their pundits will have suitable excuses to go along with unique answers as to how and why the US team made it to the end .
I wo n’t elaborate .
Tim Howard was my man of the tournament all along .
I said so in earlier posts .
Congratulations , Tim .
And keep the Blue side of Liverpool on top next season .
Have you ever considered using instant messages to communicate between programs ?
You can do this using Jabber 's XMPP protocol , of course .
But it 's also worth taking a look at AMQP , a distributed messaging protocol first used at JPMorgan Chase .
AMQP is fast , easy to use , and implemented by at least 4 open source servers .
To try it out , install the excellent Ruby AMQP bindings , and set up the RabbitMQ server ( which is written in Erlang using Mnesia ) .
On a Mac , you might do something like this :
sudo gem install amqp sudo port install python25 rabbitmq - server sudo rabbitmq - server
Once your server is running , save the following code as chat.rb :
require ' rubygems ' gem ' amqp ' require ' mq ' unless ARGV .
length == 2 STDERR . puts " Usage : #{ $ 0 } < channel > < nick > " exit 1 end $ channel , $ nick = ARGV AMQP . start ( : host => ' localhost ' ) do $ chat = MQ . topic ( ' chat ' ) # Print any messages on our channel .
queue = MQ . queue ( $ nick ) queue .
bind ( ' chat ' , : key => $ channel ) queue .
subscribe do | msg | if msg .
index ( " #{ $ nick } : " ) != 0 puts msg end end # Forward console input to our channel .
module KeyboardInput include EM :: Protocols :: LineText2 def receive_line data $ chat .
publish ( " #{ $ nick } : # { data } " , : routing_key => $ channel ) end end EM .
open_keyboard ( KeyboardInput ) end
Now , run copies in two different terminals :
ruby chat.rb channel_1 sarah ruby chat.rb channel_1 joe
Everything you type into one terminal will be relayed to the other .
How it works
The following line creates a topic exchange named " chat " :
$ chat = MQ . topic ( ' chat ' )
A topic exchange allows many - to - many communication .
Here , we bind a listener to our exchange , and ask to receive all messages tagged with our channel name :
queue .
bind ( ' chat ' , : key => $ channel )
Note that : key may be hierarchical , and it may contain wildcards .
To write data to our topic exchange , we use publish :
$ chat . publish ( " #{ $ nick } : # { data } " , :routing_key => $ channel )
Our keyboard input is processed using EventMachine , a Ruby library for writing high - performance , multi-protocol servers .
It 's very similar to Python 's Twisted library , though it has less documentation and support for fewer protocols .
We use EventMachine 's EM.open_keyboard to create a asynchronous keyboard input channel , and we use EM :: Protocols : : LineText2 to treat the keyboard input as a line - oriented protocol .
Adding a Shoes GUI
Shoes is an eccentric , entertaining , and highly - portable GUI library by _why the lucky stiff .
With a certain amount of grotesque kludging ( and some pointers from " s1 kx " on the # shoes IRC channel ) , I managed to get the Mac version of Shoes to talk to EventMachine .
You may find that this code fails strangely on your computer .
Honestly , I do n't know anything about Shoes .
And I 'm doing some pretty bad things with threads .
First , the pretty pictures :
Next , the code :
Shoes .
setup { gem ' amqp ' } require ' mq ' $ app = Shoes . app ( : width => 256 ) do background ( gradient ( ' # CFF ' , '# FFF ' ) ) @output = stack ( : margin => 10 ) def nick str span ( str , : stroke => red ) end def display text @output .
append do if text =~ /^([ ^ : ]+ ) : (.*) $/ para nick ( " #{ $ 1 } : " ) , $ 2 else para text end end end end Thread .
new do begin AMQP . start ( : host => ' localhost ' ) do MQ . topic ( ' chat ' ) queue = MQ . queue ( ' shoes ' ) queue .
bind ( ' chat ' ) queue .
subscribe do | msg | $ app .
display ( msg ) end end rescue => e #
Try to report at least _some_ errors # where we 'll be able to see them .
$ app . display ( e . to_s ) end end
Note that the GUI client listens to all channels simultaneously , because it does n't pass a : key to bind .
And when writing code to run in a Shoes background thread , do n't expect to see any error messages .
Learning more about AMQP
The Ruby AMQP documentation page has a good list of papers , magazine articles , and other background material on AMQP .
Planning the very end of your work career can be stressful .
Just like everything else in life , this requires a plan .
Most people know that something has to be done , but they just do n’t know what to do and where to start .
Now that you have made the necessary calculations and know that your nest [… ]
What if the nations that fought in WWII were led not by mere men , but by diesel - powered cyborgs ?
It might resemble Sam van Olffen 's faux propaganda posters , featuring the likes of Rooseveltron , Stalinator , and Benitobot Mussolinoid .
Advertisement
Van Olffen describes himself as a " graphic sampler , " and has been recognized for his dark , fantastical , steampunk - flavored images .
Now he has turned the awesome power of collage loose on the Axis and Allied Powers , transforming World War II into a war of mecha suits and proton beams , and its leaders into men who inspire awe on the strength of their technologies as well as their personalities .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
[ Sam Van Olffen ]
Chapter 1
1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14 | 15 | 16 | 17 | 18 | 19 | 20 | 21 | 22 | 23 | 24 | 25 | 26 | 27 | 28 | 29 | 30 | 31 | 32 | 33 | 34 | 35 | 36 | 37 | 38 | 39 | 40 | 41 Chapter 2
42 | 43 | 44 | 45 | 46 | 47 | 48 | 49 | 50 | 51 | 52 | 53 | 54 | 55 | 56 | 57 | 58 | 59 | 60 | 61 | 62 | 63 | 64 | 65 | 66 | 67 | 68 | 69 | 70 | 71 | 72 | 73 | 74 | 75 | 76 Chapter 3
77 | 78 | 79 | 80 | 81 | 82 | 83 | 84 | 85 | 86 | 87 | 88 | 89 | 90 | 91 | 92 | 93 | 94 | 95 | 96 | 97 | 98 | 99 | 100 | 101 | 102 | 103 | 104 | 105 | 106 | 107 | 108 | 109 | 110 | 111 | 112 | 113 | 114 | 115 | 116 | 117 | 118 | 119 | 120 | 121 | 122 | 123 | 124 | 125 | 126 | 127 | 128 | 129 Chapter 4
130 | 131 | 132 | 133 | 134 | 135 | 136 | 137 | 138 | 139 | 140 | 141 | 142 | 143 | 144 | 145 | 146 | 147 | 148 | 149 | 150 | 151 | 152 | 153 | 154 | 155 | 156 | 157 | 158 | 159 | 160 | 161 | 162 | 163 | 164 | 165 | 166 | 167 | 168 | 169 | 170 | 171 | 172 | 173 Chapter 5
174 | 175 | 176 | 177 | 178 | 179 | 180 | 181 | 182 | 183 | 184 | 185 | 186 | 187 | 188 | 189 | 190 | 191 | 192 | 193 | 194 | 195 | 196 | 197 | 198 | 199 | 200 | 201 | 202 | 203 | 204 Chapter 6
205 | 206 | 207 | 208 | 209 | 210 | 211 | 212 | 213 | 214 | 215 | 216 | 217 | 218 | 219 | 220 | 221 | 222 | 223 | 224 | 225 | 226 | 227 | 228 | 229 | 230 | 231 | 232 | 233 | 234 | 235 | 236 | 237 | 238 | 239 | 240 | 241 | 242 | 243 | 244 | 245 | 246 | 247 | 248 | 249 | 250 | 251 | 252 | 253 | 254 | 255 | 256 | 257 Chapter 7
258 | 259 | 260 | 261 | 262 | 263 | 264 | 265 | 266 | 267 | 268 | 269 | 270 | 271 | 272 | 273 | 274 | 275 | 276 | 277 | 278 | 279 | 280 | 281 | 282 | 283 | 284 | 285 | 286 | 287 | 288 | 289 | 290 | 291 | 292 | 293 | 294 | 295 | 296 | 297 | 298 | 299 | 300 | 301 | 302 | 303 | 304 | 305 | 306 | 307 | 308 | 309 | 310 | 311 | 312 | 313 | 314 | 315 | 316 | 317 Chapter 8
318 | 319 | 320 | 321 | 322 | 323 | 324 | 325 | 326 | 327 | 328 | 329 | 330 | 331 | 332 | 333 | 334 | 335 | 336 | 337 | 338 | 339 | 340 | 341 | 342 | 343 | 344 | 345 | 346 | 347 | 348 | 349 | 350 | 351 | 352 | 353 | 354 | 355 | 356 | 357 | 358 | 359 | 360 | 361 | 362 | 363 Chapter 9
364 | 365 | 366 | 367 | 368 | 369 | 370 | 371 | 372 | 373 | 374 | 375 | 376 | 377 | 378 | 379 | 380 | 381 | 382 | 383 | 384 | 385 | 386 | 387 | 388 | 389 | 390 | 391 | 392 | 393 | 394 | 395 | 396 | 397 | 398 | 399 | 400 | 401 | 402 | 403 | 404 | 405 | 406 | 407 | 408 Chapter 10
409 | 410 | 411 | 412 | 413 | 414 | 415 | 416 | 417 | 418 | 419 | 420 | 421 | 422 | 423 | 424 | 425 | 426 | 427 | 428 | 429 | 430 | 431 | 432 | 433 | 434 | 435 | 436 | 437 | 438 | 439 | 440 | 441 | 442 | 443 | 444 | 445 | 446 | 447 | 448 | 449 | 450 | 451 | 452 | 453 | 454 | 455 | 456 | 457 | 458 | 459 | 460 | 461 | 462 | 463 | 464 | 465 Chapter 11
466 | 467 | 468 | 469 | 470 | 471 | 472 | 473 | 474 | 475 | 476 | 477 | 478 | 479 | 480 | 481 | 482 | 483 | 484 | 485 | 486 | 487 | 488 | 489 | 490 | 491 | 492 | 493 | 494 | 495 | 496 | 497 | 498 | 499 | 500 | 501 | 502 | 503 | 504 | 505 | 506 | 507 | 508 | 509 | 510 | 511 | 512 | 513 | 514 | 515 | 516 | 517 | 518 | 519 | 520 | 521 | 522 | 523 | 524 | 525 | 526 | 527 | 528 | 529 | 530 | 531 | 532 Chapter 12
533 | 534 | 535 | 536 | 537 | 538 | 539 | 540 | 541 | 542 | 543 | 544 | 545 | 546 | 547 | 548 | 549 | 550 | 551 | 552 | 553 | 554 | 555 | 556 | 557 | 558 | 559 | 560 | 561 | 562 | 563 | 564 | 565 | 566 | 567 | 568 | 569 | 570 | 571 | 572 | 573 | 574 | 575 | 576 | 577 | 578 | 579 | 580 | 581 | 582 | 583 | 584 | 585 | 586 | 587 | 588 | 589 | 590 | 591 | 592 | 593 | 594 | 595 | 596 | 597 | 598 | 599 Chapter 13
600 | 601 | 602 | 603 | 604 | 605 | 606 | 607 | 608 | 609 | 610 | 611 | 612 | 613 | 614 | 615 | 616 | 617 | 618 | 619 | 620 | 621 | 622 | 623 | 624 | 625 | 626 | 627 | 628 Chapter 14
629 | 630 | 631 | 632 | 633 | 634 | 635 | 636 | 637 | 638 | 639 | 640 | 641 | 642 | 643 | 644 | 645 | 646 | 647 | 648 | 649 | 650 | 651 | 652 | 653 | 654 | 655 | 656 | 657 | 658 | 659 | 660 | 661 | 662 Chapter 15
663 | 664 | 665 | 666 | 667 | 668 | 669 | 670 | 671 | 672 | 673 | 674 | 675 | 676 | 677 | 678 | 679 | 680 | 681 | 682 | 683 | 684 | 685 | 686 | 687 | 688 | 689 | 690 | 691 | 692 | 693 | 694 | 695 | 696 | 697 | 698 | 699 | 700 | 701 | 702 | 703 | 704 | 705 | 706 | 707 | 708 | 709 | 710 | 711 | 712 | 713 | 714 | 715 | 716 | 717 | 718 | 719 | 720 Chapter 16
721 | 722 | 723 | 724 | 725 | 726 | 727 | 728 | 729 | 730 | 731 | 732 | 733 | 734 | 735 | 736 | 737 | 738 | 739 | 740 | 741 | 742 | 743 | 744
All contents copyright 2006 - 2019 Evan Dahm .
All contents copyright 2006 - 2019 Evan Dahm .
Some rights reserved .
is an adventure story that follows Teller Koark , the last member of a society of storytellers , as he becomies involved in a complex plot dealing with secrets lost in the history of Overside .
It is set in the third century of the Red Age .
It was started in July 2008 , and was finished in July 2010 .
I read this week that Gerry Adams thinks his views on religion may have more in common with Protestantism than Catholicism , in that he does n’t really see a need for a “ middleman ” anymore .
A brave admission indeed for an icon of the Irish republican movement , that traditionally draws its support from the Catholic community in Northern Ireland .
I ’ve said it before , I know , but I ’ve never felt entirely comfortable being a Catholic .
As a child I enjoyed calling into my local church to light a wax candle and say a quiet prayer .
But when they brought in the electric candle contraption , I must admit the enjoyment began to wane for me .
And as for confession , well , I was simply too shy to reveal my childish sins of resentment or dislike of certain people .
So every week or month I would just go in and tell the priest I stole 10 p from my mammy ’s purse .
I never actually stole anything , but the whole point of confession was that you had to say something .
After a couple of years I stopped going altogether , reasoning I could stay away for 50 years — and then go back when I was 65 and ask for a general forgiveness for any sins I ’d committed along the way and then forgotten about !
It ’s a tricky philosophical conundrum , but I think I might just get away with it .
As a young child I was always taught that all Catholics must be humble , modest and self - effacing .
Therefore I could never understand the elevated social status of Catholic priests and the way they would just arrive at people ’s houses , usually unannounced , and be given tea in the best bone China cups .
I remember people actually bowing their heads a little to show respect to a priest .
These same people would then tut - tut at the English for doing the same thing to the royal family !
Of course , I felt very indignant about the way women were barred from taking any part in the life of the Church , unless it was to arrange flowers on the altar .
I mean , by the time I was off to Loreto Grammar , women were working as teachers , doctors , scientists , politicians , pilots and even soldiers .
So why could n’t they stand up on the altar and say Mass ?
It made me feel like a second - class sort of Catholic , really .
I thought it beneath contempt that at one time women who had recently given birth had to be ‘ churched ’ before making themselves sexually available to their husbands once more .
Apparently , being ‘ churched ’ involved some sort of vague , cleansing prayer .
I ’ve never asked for the full details .
My only role models were Mary , the mother of God , who was a virgin .
And a saint called Maria who , if memory serves me right , chose to be murdered rather than consent to sexual intercourse in some Italian village in ancient times
Add in the Catholic Church ’s tough stance on birth control and family planning , and their very unsympathetic treatment of gay issues , and I simply could n’t switch off my social conscience any more .
So I bailed out , aged about 15 , and I only darken the door these days to go to weddings and funerals .
And even then I have to sit near the back in case I feel a bit jittery .
Yes , I ’m sure the rules have been relaxed a little now ...
Babies who do n’t live long enough to be baptised are n’t buried outside the cemetery wall any more .
But men who sleep around are still affectionately called ‘ playboys ’ , I daresay .
While women who do the same thing get called all sorts of unattractive things .
I ’m sure most modern Catholics use some sort of contraception , since families of 15 or 20 children are so few and far between .
But it ’s all done very discreetly , is n’t it ?
And there are still no lady priests , or gay marriages !
I suppose I simply retain that childish belief that God made everyone and God loves everyone — and that includes the women , the sinners and the gays as well as the masterful ( and straight ) men .
I feel moved to tears sometimes when I look at my own ( non-denominational ) teenage daughter , happily trying on her make - up and chatting to her friends on her mobile phone .
She reads fashion magazines and thinks all food comes ready - made from M&S .
She ’s totally unaware of the concept of going to hell for all eternity that I grew up with .
She would n’t accept five minutes of being treated in a sexist or even offhand way by any man , and she ’d be right not to .
I admire her sense of entitlement and her lovely , relaxed personality .
She ’s not remotely uneasy in the company of other races and religions .
She wants only to make her own way in the world , harming nobody along the way .
I think that shielding my child from the extremes of religious doctrine has been the main gift I have given to her .
I ’ve told my child that she must make her major life decisions according to her conscience and to her resources .
And that she must always place a high value on herself because she is worthy of respect — and that she deserves to live a good life because she is a good person .
There are plenty of positive things about religion , such as the promotion of charitable works , and the power of prayer and meditation to calm the mind and ease the soul .
If only most churches could focus on those two subjects , and ease off on the anti-feminist and anti-gay doctrines a little bit , they might see some more people in the pews .
And it ’d be nice if they brought back the real wax candles too
Belfast Telegraph
A Swiss court has ruled that an anti-piracy tracking company can continue monitoring the public on the Internet .
The court said that the need to fight illicit file - sharers outweighs the need to protect an individual 's privacy on the Internet , and that the ends justified the means .
In January 2008 , infamous anti-piracy tracking outfit Logistep was criticized by the Swiss data protection commissioner for helping to breach the privacy of people on file - sharing networks .
Logistep , which track file - sharers all over Europe , was given 30 days to stop collecting further data , or face further action .
It ’s taken a while but according to a TSR report the Federal Administrative Court ( TAF ) has come to a decision , one which sees it overrule the Federal Data Protection commissioner ’s decision of 2008 .
The court said that the monitoring and data harvesting activities conducted by Logistep raise privacy concerns , since the individuals it monitors have no idea what data is being harvested and stored about them .
However , despite these worries the court decided that privacy concerns are trumped by the needs of the anti-piracy company , noting that a legal basis is not required for them to operate , since they operate exclusively in the private sphere .
The court said that the end justifies the means , since there are few other ways to deal with this type of online piracy .
It would not be acceptable to turn a blind eye and allow people engaging in Internet piracy to avoid legal action , it said .
Logistep had ( or still has ) a partnership with lawyers Davenport Lyons and are currently working with lawyers ACS : Law to monitor and ultimately send threatening letters to alleged file - sharers in the UK .
This decision by the court has no bearing on the UK cases , since it refers only to the monitoring of the Swiss public .
The verdict can be challenged within thirty days .
In one of the most ridiculous verdicts I 've seen , the jury decided that Jammie Thomas - Rasset , the first woman who was charged with copyright infringement and offered to settle but decided to fight the RIAA , is guilty and owes the recording industry 1.92 million dollars , or $ 80,000 per song .
As we mentioned in our original article , Jammie 's case was full of holes , and she probably would have done better if she had just settled with the RIAA .
But what 's striking here is the amount of money awarded to the recording industry for infringing the copyright for just one song .
It reminds me of a recent Penny Arcade comic which mocks Microsoft 's Zune Pass , which offers unlimited selection of music for 15 dollars per month ; since time never ends , this technically amounts to infinity dollars .
Since the music is DRMed , if you ever stop paying , you lose all your music .
It 's just a joke , but it makes a good point .
How much is one song worth to you ?
How much is it worth to the author ?
How much is it worth to the recording industry ?
You can push arguments to favor each side , and ultimately you can always claim that a song never fully loses its value and it can therefore be set to an arbitrary , insanely high amount of money .
The problem with this approach is that it results in cases like the one against Jammie Thomas - Rasset , who now has ( there are indications that the RIAA is still willing to settle with a much lower amount of money , but it 's irrelevant ; what 's important is the principle of the matter ) to pay 1.92 million dollars for infringing the copyright of 24 songs .
In a word , it 's stupid .
Those 24 songs are n't worth that much .
If 100,000 people were to pirate them ( a modest number , if you trust the numbers frequently cited in those RIAA piracy reports ) , that would bring the total damages related to these 24 songs to $ 1,920,000,000,00 .
Need I play the numbers game further ?
It just does n't make sense ; besides the obvious fact that the punishment must fit the crime , which it does n't in this case , there 's also the fact that the RIAA is blowing the damages piracy has caused them completely out of proportions .
Unfortunately , the jury has sided with them in this particular case ; hopefully , initiatives like the Pirate Party , which recently managed to enter the European Parliament , will change people 's perception of copyright altogether .
[ Image courtesy of Penny Arcade ]
The highest grade of Lapsang Souchong is called Jun Mei or Beautiful Eyebrow ( in English ) because the processed tea leaf resembles an eyebrow .
Jun Mei can be further categorized into Gold ( Jin ) and Silver ( Yin ) grade ; we are carrying the latter .
What is special about Jun Mei Souchong is that unlike other Lapsang Souchong , it is processed using tender , full tea leaves and buds harvested in early spring before the Qing Ming festival .
This tea is also known as Zheng Shan Souchong .
Zheng Shan means " Original Mountain " and only tea leaves picked from Wuyi ( Tong Mu Guan ) harvest area can be called as " Zheng Shan " .
Other names :
Jun Mei Black Tea , Yin Jun Mei Lapsang Souchong Taste :
The floral fragrance of the dried tea leaves reminiscent of blooming orchids .
This turns into strong lily fragrance and taste once infused with hot water .
Only tea leaves picked from high mountain ( above 1300 metres ) Tong Mu Guan area has this special characteristic .
Good for multiple infusions .
Appearance :
Yin Jun Mei Souchong tea leaves are carefully rolled and when infused , they unfurl into young one - bud one - leaf tea leaves .
Clear orange color infusion .
Origin :
Tong Mu Guan , Fujian Province Harvest Period :
Spring 2015
TipsToPreventPanicAttack.blogspot.com presents you with effective tips to prevent panic attack .
With us , you will learn to understand what is a panic attack and the various signs and symptoms of this anxiety disorder .
Recognize the onset and prevent your condition from getting out of control .
BISSAU , Guinea - Bissau
The most heartbreaking thing about starving children is their equanimity .
They do n’t cry .
They do n’t smile .
They do n’t move .
They do n’t show a flicker of fear , pain or interest .
Tiny , wizened zombies , they shut down all nonessential operations to employ every last calorie to stay alive .
We in the West misunderstand starvation — especially the increasing hunger caused by the global economic crisis — and so along with Paul Bowers , the student winner of my “ win - a - trip ” contest , I ’ve been traveling across five countries in West Africa , meeting the malnourished .
At the extreme , they were like Maximiano Camara , a 15 - month - old boy here in Bissau , who was so emaciated that he risked failure of major organs .
His ribs protruded , his eyes were glassy , his skin was stretched taut over tiny bones .
( Doctors try to help but are overwhelmed :
One was showing me Maximiano when a nurse rushed in from another room carrying a baby who had stopped breathing .
The doctor paused , revived that child on the next bed , handed her back to the nurse , and then calmly resumed his discussion of Maximiano . )
Apple has posted a short support article warning that it does not support or guarantee operation with " non-Apple digital media players " in the current versions of iTunes .
The article does n't mention the Palm Pre specifically , but the timing of the post seems pointed squarely in the direction of the Pre 's " Media Sync " feature .
" Apple is aware that some third - parties claim that their digital media players are able to sync with Apple software , " according to the knowledge base article .
" However , Apple does not provide support for , or test for compatibility with , non-Apple digital media players and , because software changes over time , newer versions of Apple 's iTunes software may no longer provide syncing functionality with non-Apple digital media players . "
The Palm Pre 's method of syncing with iTunes is essentially an unauthorized — if clever — hack .
The device masquerades as an older iPod model by reporting that model 's product ID and Apple 's vendor ID to the USB controller .
Like we originally wrote , though , do n't count on Media Sync working with iTunes indefinitely .
Essentially , Apple is now telling us exactly the same thing .
Palm , for its part , is playing the role of an indignant child who was n't invited to a party but tried to sneak in anyway .
“ If Apple chooses to disable media sync in a future version of iTunes , it will be a direct blow to their users who will be deprived of a seamless synchronization experience , " Palm spokesperson Lynn Fox told All Things Digital .
" However , " she noted , " people will have options .
They can stay with the iTunes version that works to sync their music on their Pre , they can transfer the music via USB , and there are other third - party applications we could consider . "
Of course , Palm had the option of creating a syncing application that uses the XML - based iTunes Library file to sync music files — much as numerous other third - party utilities do — instead of passing off a hack as an advertised feature .
To act like Apple is somehow screwing over Palm Pre users because it wo n't promise that the hack will work indefinitely is disingenuous .
For a brief moment , at vast and lawless raves such as Castlemorton , a generation glimpsed an alternative way of life .
Speaking to survivors of the early 90s free party scene , Tim Guest tells the story of how the state crushed the dream
On 19 April 1992 - Easter Sunday - Spiral Tribe , a self - described " rag - tag sound system group who came together driven by the will to keep the party going " , who had been running free raves with a mobile rig across the UK since 1990 , set up in a warehouse in Acton Lane , west London .
To a packed house , they partied through the night .
In the early hours , police officers from the Metropolitan Police 's Territorial Support Group , a specialist division with duties including crowd control , surrounded the building .
Those who tried to enter or leave had to face the TSG ( the same group responsible for heavy - handed policing of crowds in the recent G20 demonstrations ) .
According to witnesses at Acton Lane , some TSG were masked and had their ID numbers covered .
The Spirals and partygoers barricaded the doors , but after a 10 - hour stand - off , the police revved up a JCB and broke through the outer wall .
Scores of ravers later alleged they were beaten in the dark of the warehouse ; witnesses claim one pregnant woman was knocked to the ground .
One man who tried to escape over the roof claimed to have been pushed ; he fell two storeys breaking both arms and legs .
No charges were brought .
The next day a police helicopter escorted the Spiral Tribe convoy , 10 vehicles long , out of the London area .
Simone , one of the original Spiral Tribe members , who had fallen into the free party scene years before after working in a PA hire shop in north London , recalls : " Everyone who was there remembers exactly what happened .
Being forced down on to muddy floors , being battered .
It was a horrible experience .
" They were letting people in and not letting people out , then letting people out and not letting people in , " she continues , talking from her current base in a Paris apartment .
( Like other Spirals I talked to , she did n't want me to use her full name . )
" All of a sudden you peered out of a crack in the wall , and the place was surrounded by every kind of police vehicle you can imagine .
They had diggers , they were all in their riot gear , shields .
We 'd just been dancing for a few days , we 're in the middle of an industrial estate , not really affecting anybody else around , and then all of a sudden they started bashing the wall in .
They smashed up the decks , just went to town basically .
Imagine people who 've been up for two or three days dancing ; you 're a bit tripped out at this point .
People were being carted off to hospital . "
The Spirals were used to run-ins with the law - " we 'd had lines of police directing us across fields " - but nothing like this .
" At that point we realised the police were really on our case .
There was a news blackout .
We tried to call all the journalists we knew , and there was nothing .
What happened was kind of obscene , but it went unreported .
It felt like we had no way of telling anyone .
" Really , what were we doing that was so disastrously wrong ?
Occupying empty buildings , playing music and dancing .
People of all walks of life were coming together on the dancefloor .
They [ the police ] acted completely out of fear . "
Following interim parties at Chobham Common and Stroud Common in Surrey and in the Cotswolds , where they rebuilt some of their equipment , the Spirals elected to seek refuge in numbers .
Deciding , as one member recalls , " to take it easy at someone else 's party for a change " , they headed for the Avon free festival , a regular May bank holiday gathering near Bristol .
This year , though , Avon and Somerset Police had other ideas .
" They were digging trenches , no one was able to go to the site , " says Simone .
Police encouraged the sound systems to head towards Castlemorton Common , a few square miles of public land just east of the Malvern Hills .
" At Castlemorton we had the biggest space , but our rig was not the loudest , " Simone recalls .
" After Acton Lane , half of our speakers were blown .
But people were always offering us things to make up for lost equipment . "
Spiral Tribe set up in a semi-circle of trucks , with the centre stage under a huge painted spiral , and joined the party .
It was an event that would never be repeated ; a brief triumph for those who wanted to party in the face of vested interests that would soon move in to crush the scene .
But for that short window - four days - Castlemorton was a free festival on a new scale .
Simone recalls spending some of the time hiding , in awe of the size of the gathering .
" It was like , ' Oh shit , what have we done .
Things are not going to be the same after this . ' "
Ten rigs , including Circus Warp , Circus Normal and Bedlam , Adrenaline and Nottingham 's DiY sound system set up and declared their own takes on acid house , hardcore , early drum 'n ' bass and Detroit techno records played at double speed .
An estimated 20,000 to 40,000 people gathered , brought together by the music , the freedom and the drugs : travellers , crusties , ravers and new agers - who came with dogs on strings , blue dreadlocks , shaved heads and fire - breathing kits - and just maybe David Cameron , or someone who looked a lot like him ( a YouTube clip recently surfaced from Sunrise , an ' 88 acid house rave , showing a long - haired raver who resembles the leader of the opposition - but Conservative central office deny it is him ) .
There was free enterprise , too , as long as you were shopping for lightsticks , whistles or Rizla .
As the ravers drummed up a party , news hounds drummed up a controversy .
David Baldwin , a 37 - year - old mechanic whose front garden was 20 yards from the nearest sound system , told the Daily Mail he had seen " youngsters injecting heroin in a Renault 5 " .
Brian Clutterbuck , a smallholder in his 40s , patrolled the edge of his land with a pellet gun .
Locals complained about property damage : fence posts , they said , had been ripped up for firewood , and dogs were killing sheep .
The local pub and post office shut .
In an echo of similar tensions two decades before , locals called the ravers " hippies " .
Castlemorton was the lead story on the BBC Six O'Clock News on the Friday and Saturday nights , and the coverage drew people from across the country .
( One raver remembers returning home four days later " with eyes like pandas and my mother asked , ' Did you have a good time ? ' "
He told her he'd been at a free party .
" ' Yes !
I know ! ' she replied .
' I saw you on Central News . ' " )
People in convoys hundreds of cars long hoped those they were following knew where they were heading .
Entry routes were blocked not by police but by ravers .
Police helicopters flew low over the site to film , and at one point five shipping distress flares were fired at one of them .
" This illustrates the lengths to which these people will go to try to prevent police access to the site , " West Mercia 's assistant chief constable , Philip Davies , said .
" Many of them have already displayed an extremely aggressive attitude towards the police , and the safety of my officers must be one of my priorities . "
There were too many partygoers , in other words , for the police to shut it down .
" These people who live here should n't be afraid , " one told the Mail .
" They should join in . "
Another , Richard , told the Daily Express : " There is nothing wrong with what we are doing .
We are here to have fun in the sun .
We chose to live this way and reject the hassles associated with a conventional way of life .
Some say we are dirty , but we are environmentally conscious , we make efforts not to dump rubbish .
People generally have it in for us because of our lifestyle .
I think many envy us because of our freedom . "
In a 1970s short story anthology , Three Trips in Time and Space , three leading lights of golden age science fiction wrote of various futures where teleportation was possible .
Sandwiched between two eulogies of ease and motion was a delightful dissenting voice : Flash Crowd , by Larry Niven , in which teleportation brings about a terrible anarchy , where millions wander the earth , materialising instantly wherever the latest sensation carries them , leaving destruction in their wake .
This was the future that middle England seemingly feared .
It was 1992 : mobile communications technology had only just begun to reshape our lives ( Simone recalls Spiral Tribe had one brick - sized mobile phone , which held a charge for " about three minutes - we saved the charge and we'd phone up TouchDown radio with the location of the party , which they 'd announce at midnight " ) - yet , it seemed , crowds were already on the move .
" Castlemorton was scarily conspicuous , " says Sebastian , another Spiral Tribe member .
" You had this sense of , well , what 's going to happen next . "
Castlemorton did n't just teleport out of nowhere : the rise of the free party scene had been a long time coming .
In 1981 , Joe Rush , a 21 - year - old punk living in Ladbroke Grove , joined the Peace Convoy , a rotating caravan of , he says , " around 40 dodgy and illegal trucks , cars , vans and old ambulances " that roved England from the Windsor and Glastonbury free festivals to smaller parties on common land .
In the early days the convoy developed its own tactics to use against the police and local authorities : once , after being refused at a service station , they blocked a three - lane motorway and slow - rolled until police relented and allowed them to refuel .
Later , the police response grew brutal , culminating in the Battle of the Beanfield , a police action in June 1985 , at the intended 14th Stonehenge free festival .
One thousand officers - again with their numbers covered - smashed 140 vehicles and beat the travellers , after which , Joe says , the heart went out of the Peace Convoy .
Rush , who later co-founded the Mutoid Waste Company sound system , traces the heritage of the Peace Convoy back to Ken Kesey 's Magic Bus Trips and Acid Tours in 60s America , as well as to the tradition of travelling communities in this country , and also links it to political events such as the 1984 - 85 miners ' strike .
There were in fact direct connections : in 1989 , chief superintendent Ken Tappenden , who had been involved in the miners ' strike police action , started the Pay Party Unit , tasked with controlling the rave scene .
The unit monitored pirate radio , tapped phones , and organised helicopters to track the organisers .
After three months , they had begun 20 major investigations .
As Matthew Collin and John Godfrey note in their book Altered State , the Pay Party Unit 's database held 5,725 names and details on 712 vehicles .
Within weeks , their 200 officers had monitored 4,380 telephone calls and made 258 arrests .
This was around the time Spiral Tribe 's Sebastian , aged 17 , moved down from west Scotland to London to play in a psychedelic band .
A friend invited him to a party .
" I thought it was going to be like a Scottish party , with a few friends standing around drinking .
We went to Old Street station , where there were loads of police and ravers milling about .
A car pulled up and took us to Clink Street . "
This was a maze of arched vaults on the site of Britain 's first prison , near London Bridge , where DJs including the Shamen 's Mr C championed the new rave sound .
" That was my first rush of acid house , " Sebastian says .
" After that night , my life was very different . "
But the Pay Party Unit was working hard , and legislation followed .
In 1990 , MP Graham Bright introduced the Entertainments ( Increased Penalties ) Bill , which raised fines for throwing an unlicensed party from £ 2,000 to £ 20,000 as well as a possible six months in prison .
Nicknamed by Bright " the acid house party bill " , it was a clear attempt to push the free - party scene into the licensed leisure industry , so it could be regulated .
" It made a difference , " recalls Sebastian , speaking to me from Paris after a long weekend of DJing in the French countryside .
" The parties changed .
Everything had gone into a more clubby direction .
I 'd been educated by mad illegal raves , and the energy was so different to what I was finding after that .
There was a hunger to get back to the acid house rave thing .
That was the reason Spiral Tribe came about . "
In October 1990 he went to the first Spiral rave , in a squatted schoolhouse in London 's Kensal Rise .
" I did n't have all the fancy clothes , I did n't have what was necessary to fit in to certain clubs .
You walked into Spiral Tribe and none of that mattered .
It was like going back to those ' 88 raves .
People were totally friendly ; they did n't judge you by what you were wearing .
I was hooked . "
The Spirals staged their first party in late 1990 .
By June 1991 they had a mobile rig , and over the next year they travelled England , announcing their integrated ethic on their flyers : " We are here to reconnect the Earth " ; " We 're part of the earth ; we 're part of us " ; " You might stop the party but you can't stop the future . "
This was where people of my age , in their mid- to late - teens at the time , discovered the parties .
It 's hard to picture those days now , before the internet , when mainstream press had a tighter control over how we saw events like this .
Word reached us through friends , or from pirate radios such as TouchDown and Rush FM .
At warehouses and squats , UV paint across the walls , we gathered to dance all night to pitch - shifted breakbeats that had yet to be harnessed for TV adverts .
The music , impenetrable to many - like me - before their first pill , seemed uniquely British : the harsh beats and melodic breakdowns seemed to dramatise the disjoint in our lives , between life in an impersonal money - focused state , and the new easy honesty we were discovering with each other .
The open spirit of those parties seemed like a gateway to a possible future .
We told each other things we had n't said before , and we told them to strangers too .
Back then , even the rivalry between sound systems and police had occasional friendly moments .
I remember one early morning in mid-1992 walking back through an east London park with the owners of a sound system , lugging a speaker each , as a TSG riot control van followed us .
We heard the crackle of their PA system and picked up our pace , fearing arrest .
" You should have borrowed our sound system ! " they joked through the megaphone , then revved away .
" It was a whirlwind two years , really , but we packed a lot in , " says Simone .
Spiral Tribe 's living arrangements were typical of the dozens of sound systems across the UK .
" We were all pretty much squatting .
Not everyone .
Once we hit the road , we used to sleep in the truck , under the truck , take turns in sleeping .
It was n't that important really .
The first parties in London were fivers in .
That gave us enough money to pay the DJs a bit , print flyers for the next party and a bit of diesel for the generator .
We ate vegetable curries a lot .
We did n't need much , really . "
Most of the sound systems worked to ensure they left little damage after their parties .
" We always wanted to leave as little trace as possible , " another Spiral member recalls .
" After Castlemorton , we hung out until Wednesday , Thursday , clearing up , leaving the site impeccably clean .
Then , as we pulled off site , the police asked us , ' Have you been at Castlemorton ? '
Everyone said : ' Yes , ' and that was it .
Everyone was nicked .
Everything was impounded .
They really went to town . "
Simone had left for London the day before .
That day there was a knock at the door , and she was arrested .
" They took every scrap of paper off the wall .
We had a mini-office , where we did photocopying and everything , and they took it all . "
In all , 13 Spiral members were charged with public order offences .
Their trial became one of the longest and most expensive cases in British legal history at the time , lasting four months and costing the taxpayer £ 4 m .
The police used any tactic they could to support their case .
" We even all had our handwriting analysed , " says Simone .
" We had a messy office full of stuff , and they were trying to ascertain who 'd written some philosophical rant .
It was incredible .
Actually , in the end it turned around in our favour .
There was no conspiracy to bring down the government , which I think they were looking for .
In the end everything was thrown back in their face , and the jury saw that .
It was painful , laborious - luckily , there was a good team of lawyers , everyone had to go in every day and have their chance on the stand .
Everyone was just as honest as they could be .
There was nothing to hide . "
All 13 were acquitted .
According to one witness , a superintendent approached a group of Spiral members on the steps outside the court and said : " I just want you to know that I do n't agree with what is happening to you here .
This is a political stitch - up . "
After Castlemorton , police pressure on free parties did not relent .
Some ravers believe there was an explicit agenda to extend legal licensing hours while cracking down on free parties .
In that sense , superclubs such as Cream and Ministry of Sound have their direct roots in the repression of the roving sound systems .
And the police tactics worked .
" One weekend after Castlemorton we tried to put on a party , " says Sebastian .
" We had five back - up venues , and every time we arrived at the next one , the police had already closed it down .
It was really difficult to put things on under the name Spiral Tribe , so it was either disband the name , or take it out to Europe .
Half of the crew went to Europe , and half stayed in London . "
" Where could we go ? " says Simone .
" They 'd taken every last coin out of our pocket , impounded all our equipment - we were n't getting that back .
We went to France , and it took on a new form . "
There were already UK sound systems spreading across the continent .
Mutoid Waste moved to Berlin , where they were when the Wall came down .
With Bedlam , another sound system , they held a party by the Brandenburg Gate .
Joe and the other Mutoids built a Stonehenge out of scrapped East German tanks they found in an abandoned base .
After the party , and without permission , they hoisted two decommissioned MiG fighter jets on to trucks and headed further east .
" There were travellers , ravers , intellectuals , " recalls Joe .
" It was a crazy , mixed crowd . "
" The country that really connected was France , " says Sebastian .
" Spiral Tribe went to Berlin , and they did n't want to know .
They did n't have any need for the free party scene .
Because you can go to a club all night , and the drinks are n't expensive , and the security do n't get in your way . "
Back in the UK , it took a few years for the law to catch up with the state 's intentions to wreck the party .
But when it did , it arrived with the infamous Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 , section 63 ( 1 ) ( b ) , which outlawed outdoor parties .
In an unusual foray by civil servants into music criticism , the wording of the act defined " music " as that which " includes sounds wholly or predominantly characterised by the emission of a succession of repetitive beats " .
Following the act , if there were more than 10 of you and you looked like you were waiting for a party , even if the land was n't privately owned , you could be told to leave , and if you did not , or if you returned , you faced up to three months in prison .
Sound systems such as Spiral and Bedlam realised they could not return to the UK .
They began a slow migration across Europe , sowing the seeds of rave culture , starting parties that evolved into big - name modern festivals .
In the course of the decade , the music itself took on a more central focus .
In 1990 , Sebastian ( who still records techno under the name 69db ) had commuted from a Leeds music course to London every weekend to attend Spiral Tribe parties .
During the week he found himself drifting downstairs at the college to the recording studio , and making electronic music which he brought to London at the weekends .
He suggested a Spiral label , and found himself handling the music and recording side of Spiral Tribe .
The group had previously issued white labels , sold through friends , but through a connection with Youth from the band Killing Joke they landed a deal with Butterfly Records and a £ 40,000 advance for an album .
" We built a recording studio into the back of a showman 's trailer , and we pulled it around Europe , " says Sebastian .
The French techno scene has moved towards live - performance techno .
" Some live sets have gone up to 22 hours of live playing , " says Sebastian .
" We 're mostly based in France now . "
These events in the French countryside attract up to 50,000 people .
There the Tribe members remain , continuing to promote the cause of gathering under the banner of music , outside the commercialised system of pop .
" Britain is very good at presenting music in certain ways , " says Sebastian .
" Ever since the Beatles , we discovered it made money .
But music 's a much bigger thing .
It can really bring people together . "
" Spiral Tribe could not now organise a festival in the UK , " says Simone , referring to the likelihood that the police would find out and shut it down before it happened .
According to Joe Rush , communications technology has paradoxically made it harder to arrange events outside the system .
Police monitor websites , and , according to Joe , track phones .
" In the old days , the police had some advantages - they had radios and we did n't .
Now everyone has mobile phones .
But it works both ways : it 's much easier for police to track people . "
Some sound systems have found a new kind of compromise .
In 2001 , Mutoid Waste returned to the UK .
Joe Rush and co have parlayed their showmanship , honed across Europe , into events held under the name Trash City , whose giant installation shows , featuring robots , drag queens and cancan girls , are a regular feature at Glastonbury .
Rush 's income now comes from these events , as well as sales of his sculptures .
They 've come to a more reasonable understanding with the authorities .
" In the Thatcher years , the battle lines were drawn , " says Rush - an older punk now , with a weathered face and a worn leather jacket - in his warehouse studio in London 's Old Street .
" You were either one of us or one of them .
It 's more relaxed now .
We 've agreed : we have security , crowd control , health and safety ...
We toughened up .
We grew up .
It used to be we felt everyone should be like us , but we realised we were part of society , not an alternative society . "
He 's not alone : Bedlam have capitalised upon their expertise with easily installable sound systems into Noise Control , a successful sound system speaker business .
Nonetheless , in Britain , legislation continues to eat into our freedom to gather and party .
New security regulations for live performances include a long list of prohibitive restrictions , including the need for police checks on performers .
It 's hard to see what motivates such control on the part of the state , except for fear .
What is it about young people gathering together that provokes such a severe , sometimes brutal , response ?
Villages can have fetes , children can have fairs , but something about so much youth in one place scares someone .
As Simone told me , " What was it that was so bad about what we were doing ?
We did n't leave much damage .
Castlemorton is still as beautiful as it ever was . "
In the tension between travelling sound systems and local landowners , it 's tempting to draw grand conclusions about a schism in our nature .
Joe Rush does : he sees the conflict between free parties and the state as " an age - old tension between itinerants and homesteaders " .
It 's also tempting to romanticise the itinerant life .
Who has n't dreamed , if only in adolescence , of throwing aside commitments and living the life of the road with a surrogate family ?
Of course , dreams are what you wake up from , and life on the road is not all parties .
Everyone I spoke to had faced problems on the road : violence , excessive drug use .
Rush admits that ketamine and heroin interfered with the extrovert optimism that ecstasy had encouraged .
He has a theory that the arc of a movement echoes the arc of that movement 's drug of choice .
" Punk was speed , an angry , dizzy rush .
With ecstasy , there 's a euphoric rush , then you 're monged out and down .
That was how things were . "
But the highs outweighed the lows .
" The party is the best form of interaction there is , " says Rush .
Mutoid 's solution to their troubles was to remain in motion .
" We met people who were inspiring , and people who were n't , " he adds .
" The uninspiring people could n't keep up . "
Like most of those I spoke with , Rush is still in motion .
" I go wherever the work is : the UK , Japan ...
I live in the corner of my studio , or a friend 's flat , or the back of a truck . "
Spiral 's Simone chose the life aged 17 , and she has n't looked back .
" At the time you do n't really think about it .
It was n't a conscious thing .
It just unfolded .
I gave myself to it , which was mad , perhaps , but it 's definitely been worthwhile .
We put our whole selves into it . "
In March , Mutoid Waste were part of Space Ritual ' 09 , a regulated event - they appeared inside the revamped Roundhouse in Camden Town , as invited guests .
Back in the winter of 1991 - 92 , over Christmas and new year , Spiral Tribe squatted that same building .
" The Roundhouse was a big shift , coming back into London and occupying such a prominent landmark , " remembers Simone .
She reckons 10,000 people passed through the doors .
There were power cuts and door troubles , but for over a week the party went on .
On that New Year 's Eve , I took my first pill - a white cap and then a red and black - and , along with a group of friends , saw in 1992 from the roof of the Roundhouse .
It felt like something new to all of us ; a breeze from outside our regular lives .
Afterwards , I went home and told my cat over and over again that I loved him .
My own circle of friends fell into the orbit of the free party movement , and we loved it , then we moved on .
Seduced by secure homes and shiny cars , we made our choice .
Most of us , driven by some blend of risk - avoidance and ambition , chose to remain in this world of salaries and rent payments , a life drifting in and out of our vast field of office farms .
We plumped for a more widely accepted definition of freedom : we picked freedom of acquisition over freedom of movement .
The world we saw from the roof of the Roundhouse was a world we loved , but not enough .
You choose and you lose .
But we should remember to be grateful for those who choose otherwise - especially now , when we have a drought of alternatives at the very moment we might need them .
Sebastian sees the power of free parties to foster a collective feeling as almost religiously transformative .
" Day - to - day life is difficult for people , " he says .
" Going to work every day is all right for the few who have the job they wanted , but most people do n't .
And that means they 're paying their taxes and paying their rent .
One of the things that was good about the free party scene at the time was that you 'd go out and get this incredibly good feeling from people .
It 's the incredible power music has . "
Free party classics
Phuture , Acid Tracks
( Trax , 1987 )
" Because without it , would any of this have happened ? "
Bam Bam , Where 's Your Child ?
( Desire , 1988 )
" Talk about taking it out there ! "
LFO , LFO
( Warp , 1990 )
" Still the prototype for bleep house . "
4hero , Mr Kirk 's Nightmare
( Reinforced , 1990 )
" The perfect balance of acid and breakbeats . "
D- Shake , Yaaah / Techno Trance
( Go Bang , 1990 )
" This trancey track totally made Glastonbury 1990 . "
Joey Beltram , Energy Flash
( Transmat , 1990 )
" Played so much it 's hard to imagine the era without it . "
Sweet Exorcist , Testone
( Warp , 1990 )
" Another bass and bleeps tune you just can't forget . "
DHS , House of God
( X - Energy , 1991 )
" We spun this to death , but it never lost its allure . "
Underground Resistance , The Seawolf
( World Power Alliance , 1992 )
" This tune saved the acid generation and brought it all back from the brink . "
Crystal Distortion , Crystal Distortion
( Network23 , 1995 )
" Kick - started a whole generation of artists . "
• Chosen by Spiral Tribe 's Sebastian , aka 69db
Five Open Source Apps For Writers and Authors
by Ostatic Staff - Jul. 17 , 2009
Even if you have the perfect idea for the next Great American Novel , getting it down on paper is never easy .
While you could always use standard word processors like OpenOffice Write or AbiWord , they do n't have the bells and whistles that make writing books , manuals , and theses as easy as possible .
Fortunately , there are a few open source applications that help budding authors get stories out of their heads and into the hands of readers .
Kabikaboo -
This recursive writing assistant is perfect for managing large documents , technical manuals , and long novels .
It arranges data in tree - form so parent modules , their children , and their grandchildren can be easily moved around and rearranged .
Though Kabikaboo wo n't help you with text editing , it 's perfect for getting your thoughts in order before diving into a complicated writing project .
Storybook -
Any author or novelist will tell you writing a book is a complicated affair .
There are multiple plot lines and characters to keep track of , continuity issues to be aware of , and tons of research that goes into most every book on the market .
Storybook helps you manage all that , and more .
It even puts a chronological timeline of scenes at your fingertips to help keep your characters actions straight and your eye on the overall picture .
This app also includes some nice touches like spell check and a task list .
Celtx - Many scriptwriters swear by Celtx , and with good reason .
This app helps you pre-produce all sorts of media , including film , theater , comics , radio , and podcasts .
Use it to develop scripts and screenplays , storyboard ideas , create production schedules , and more .
If you need to collaborate with others , use Web - based Celtx Studios to store files and documents , and make your projects accessible to everyone on your team .
LyX -
If you do a lot of academic writing , theses , or scientific papers , Lyx will make sure the structure of your documents meets formal acceptance requirements .
This app helps you with those niggling formatting details , and includes several templates to get you up and running in no time .
It also includes a mathematical formula editor , support for several graphic formats , and shared geometry settings for multiple figures .
Scribus -
We 've mentioned this desktop publishing app before as a way to create presentations and newsletters , but it 's also an award - winning way to put together your next blockbuster novel .
Once you 've written the content , use Scribus to help you design cover pages , manage content placement , insert images , and create page layouts .
I know there are plenty of budding and published authors out there .
What apps do you use when you write ?
Let me know in the comments .
It ’s my friggin ’ birthday !
Also , two pot comics in a row ?
By Richard York , Brett Clark and John Bellamy Foster ( posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission )
In a recent essay , “ Economics Needs a Scientific Revolution ” , in one of the leading scientific journals , Nature , physicist Jean - Philippe Bouchaud , a researcher for an investment management company , asked rhetorically , “ What is the flagship achievement of economics ? ”
Bouchaud ’s answer : “ Only its recurrent inability to predict and avert crises ” . [ 1 ]
Although his discussion is focused on the current worldwide financial crisis , his comment applies equally well to mainstream economic approaches to the environment — where , for example , ancient forests are seen as non-performing assets to be liquidated , and clean air and water are luxury goods for the affluent to purchase at their discretion .
The field of economics in the United States has long been dominated by thinkers who unquestioningly accept the capitalist status quo and , accordingly , value the natural world only in terms of how much short - term profit can be generated by its exploitation .
As a result , the inability of received economics to cope with or even perceive the global ecological crisis is alarming in its scope and implications .
* * * * * * * * *
John Bellamy Foster , editor of Monthly Review , has just released his latest book , The Ecological Revolution : Making Peace with the Planet .
The roots of the present ecological crisis , John Bellamy Foster argues in The Ecological Revolution , lie in capital ’s rapacious expansion , which has now achieved unprecedented heights of irrationality across the globe .
Foster compellingly demonstrates that the only possible answer for humanity is an ecological revolution : a struggle to make peace with the planet .
Foster details the beginnings of such a revolution in human relations with the environment which can now be found throughout the globe , especially in the periphery of the world system , where the most ambitious experiments are taking place .
* * *
Bouchaud penetratingly observes , “ The supposed omniscience and perfect efficacy of a free market stems from economic work done in the 1950s and 1960s , which with hindsight looks more like propaganda against communism than plausible science ” .
The capitalist ideology that undergirds economics has led the profession to be detached from reality , rendering it incapable of understanding many of the crises the world faces .
Mainstream economics ’ obsession with the endless growth of GDP — a measure of “ value added ” , not of human well - being or the intrinsic worth of ecosystems and other species — and its failure to recognise the fundamental ecological underpinnings of the economy , has led to more than simply an inability to perceive the deterioration of the global environment .
In fact , the problem goes much deeper .
Orthodox economics , like the capitalist system that it serves , leads to an “ Après moi le déluge ! ” philosophy that is anything but sustainable in orientation .
As Naomi Klein has said , there is something perversely “ natural ” about disaster capitalism . [ 2 ]
Economists in Wonderland
The inherent incapacity of orthodox or neoclassical economics to take ecological and social costs into account was perhaps best exemplified in the United States by the work of Julian Simon .
In articles and exchanges in Science and Social Science Quarterly and in his book The Ultimate Resource published at the beginning of the 1980s , he insisted that there were no serious environmental problems , that there were no environmental constraints on economic or population growth , and that there would never be long - term resource shortages .
For example , he infamously claimed that copper ( an element ) could be made from other metals and that only the mass of the universe , not that of the Earth , put a theoretical limit on how much copper could be produced .
The free market if left unfettered , he contended , would ensure continuous progress into the distant future .
These and other dubious assertions led ecologist Paul Ehrlich to refer to Simon as “ an economist in Wonderland ” . [ 3 ]
Apologists for capitalism continue to occupy Wonderland , because it is only in Wonderland that environmental problems either do not really exist or can be solved by capitalism , which can also improve the quality of life for the mass of humanity .
Bjørn Lomborg , a Danish statistician and political scientist ( now an adjunct professor at the Copenhagen Business School ) , picked up Simon ’s torch , publishing his salvo aimed at environmentalism , The Skeptical Environmentalist , in 2001 .
Lomborg argued , for example , that attempting to prevent climate change would cost more and cause more harm than letting it happen .
Lomborg ’s book was immediately praised to the skies by the mass media , which was looking for a new anti-environmental crusader .
Soon after the publication of The Skeptical Environmentalist , environmental scientists documented the countless flaws ( not all of them inadvertent ) in Lomborg ’s reasoning and evidence .
Scientific American devoted part of an issue to four articles by leading scientists sharply criticising Lomborg .
As a result of its serious flaws , the book was rejected by the scientific community .
Yet , despite the adamant rejection of The Skeptical Environmentalist by natural scientists , all of this seemed only to add to Lomborg ’s celebrity within the corporate media system .
The Economist touted the book and its conclusions , proclaiming it to be “ one of the most valuable books on public policy ” , having dispelled the notion of “ looming environmental disaster ” and “ the conviction that capitalism is self - destructive ” .
[ 4 ]
Time magazine in 2004 designated Lomborg as one of the 100 most influential people in the world ; while in 2008 , Britain ’s Guardian newspaper labeled him as one of the “ 50 people who could save the planet ” .
In 2003 Lomborg organised what he called the “ Copenhagen Consensus ” to rank the world ’s leading problems .
This was carried out through the writing of a number of reports on various global priorities by a group of hand - picked , mainly economic authorities , and then the subsequent ranking of these problems by eight “ experts ” — all economists , since economists were declared to be the only experts on “ economic prioritisation ” , i.e. , decisions on where to put society ’s resources .
The eight Copenhagen Consensus economists not surprisingly all ranked climate change at or near the bottom of the world ’s agenda , backing up Lomborg ’s position . [ 5 ]
Lomborg ’s 2007 book Cool It : The Skeptical Environmentalist ’s Guide to Global Warming was an extended attack on the Kyoto Protocol and all attempts to carry out substantial cuts in greenhouse gas emissions .
For Lomborg the essential point was that , “ all major peer - reviewed economic models agree that little emissions reduction is justified ” .
He relied particularly on the work of Yale economist William Nordhaus , a leading economic contributor to the discussion of global warming , who has opposed any drastic reductions in greenhouse gases , arguing instead for a slow process of emissions reduction , on the grounds that it would be more economically justifiable . [ 6 ]
Economists versus natural scientists
Needless to say , establishment economists , virtually by definition , tend to be environmental skeptics .
Yet they have an outsized influence on climate policy as representatives of the dominant end of capitalist society , before which all other ends are subordinated .
( Social scientists other than economists either side with the latter in accepting accumulation as the appropriate goal of society or are largely excluded from the debate . )
In sharp contrast , natural and physical scientists are increasingly concerned about the degradation of the planetary environment , but have less direct influence on social policy responses .
Mainstream economists are trained in the promotion of private profits as the singular “ bottom line ” of society , even at the expense of larger issues of human welfare and the environment .
The market rules over all , even nature .
For Milton Friedman the environment was not a problem since the answer was simple and straightforward .
As he put it : “ ecological values can find their natural space in the market , like any other consumer demand ” . [ 7 ]
Natural scientists , as distinct from economists , however , typically root their investigations in a materialist conception of nature and are engaged in the study at some level of the natural world , the conditions of which they are much more disposed to take seriously .
They are thus much less inclined to underrate environmental problems .
The conflict between economists and natural scientists on global warming came out in the open as a result of an article by Nordhaus that appeared in the leading natural science journal , Science , in 1993 .
Nordhaus projected that the loss to gross world output in 2100 due to continuation of global warming trends would be insignificant ( about 1 per cent of GDP in 2100 ) .
His conclusion clearly conflicted with the results of natural science since these same business - as - usual trends could lead , according to the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) scenarios at the time , to as much as a 5.8 °C ( 10.4 °F ) increase in average global temperature , which for scientists was nothing less than catastrophic for civilisation and life itself .
Nordhaus had concluded in his article that attempts at emissions stabilisation would be worse than inaction .
This led to a number of strong replies by noted natural scientists ( in letters to Science ) , who viewed Nordhaus ’s analysis as patently absurd .
Nordhaus subsequently defended his views by surveying a number of influential economists and scientists , asking them for their best guesstimates , publishing his results in the American Scientist in 1994 .
The economists he chose to survey agreed with him that climate change would have little effect on the economy .
Yet , the natural scientists saw the consequences as potentially catastrophic .
One physical scientist responded by claiming that there was a 10 per cent chance under present trends of the complete destruction of civilisation — similar views would likely be even more common today .
Nordhaus observed that those who knew most about the economy were optimistic .
Stephen Schneider , a Stanford biologist and climate scientist ( and a leading critic of both Lomborg and Nordhaus ) , retorted that those who knew most about the environment were worried .
As Schneider summed up the debate in 1997 in his Laboratory Earth : “ Most conventional economists ... thought even this gargantuan climate change [ a rise in average global temperature of 6 °C ] — equivalent to the scale of change from an ice age to an interglacial epoch in a hundred years , rather than thousands of years — would have only a few per cent impact on the world economy .
In essence , they accept the paradigm that society is almost independent of nature ” . [ 8 ]
Orthodox economists , it is true , often project economic costs of global warming in 2100 to be only a few percentage points and therefore hardly significant , even at levels of climate change that would endanger most of the “ higher ” species on the planet and human civilisation itself , costing hundreds of millions , if not billions , of human lives .
The failure of economic models to count the human and ecological costs of climate change should not surprise us .
Bourgeois economics has a carefully cultivated insensitivity to human tragedy ( not to mention natural catastrophe ) that has become almost the definition of “ man ’s inhumanity to man ” .
Thomas Schelling , a recipient of the Bank of Sweden ’s Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences , and one of Lomborg ’s eight experts in the Copenhagen Consensus , is known for arguing that since the effects of climate change will fall disproportionately on the poorer nations of the global South , it is questionable how much in the way of resources the rich nations of the global North should devote to the mitigation of climate trends .
( Schelling in his Copenhagen Consensus evaluation ranked climate change at the very bottom of world priorities . ) [ 9 ]
Here one ca n’t help but be reminded of Hudson Institute planners , who in the process of proposing a major dam on the Amazon in the early 1970s contended in effect — as one critic put it at the time — that “ if the flooding drowns a few tribes who were not evacuated because they were supposed to be on higher ground , or wipes out a few forest species , who cares ? ” [ 10 ]
Similarly , while chief economist of the World Bank , Lawrence Summers , now Obama ’s top economic advisor , wrote an internal World Bank memo in which he stated : “ the economic logic behind dumping a load of toxic waste in the lowest - wage country is impeccable and we should face up to that ” .
He justified this by arguing : “ The measurement of the costs of health - impairing pollution depends on the foregone earnings from increased morbidity and mortality .
From this point of view a given amount of health - impairing pollution should be done in the country with the lowest cost , which will be the country of the lowest wages ” . [ 11 ]
Discounting the future
Nordhaus — who ranks as one of the most influential mainstream economists on global warming today and is a cut above figures like Simon and Lomborg — has proposed , in his 2008 book A Question of Balance : Weighing the Options on Global Warming Policies , a go - it - slow strategy on combating greenhouse emissions . [ 12 ]
Nordhaus demonstrates here that despite impressive credentials he remains hobbled by the same ideology that has crippled other mainstream economists .
In essence this comes down to the belief that capitalism offers the most efficient response to questions of resource use , and indeed a sufficient answer to the world ’s problems .
A Question of Balance presents a fairly standard economic argument about how to address global climate change , although it is backed by Nordhaus ’s own distinctive analyses using sophisticated modeling techniques .
He acknowledges that global climate change is a real problem , and is human generated , arguing that it is necessary slowly to move away from carbon - emitting energy sources .
Nevertheless , the central failures of his approach are that it assigns value to the natural environment and human well - being using standard economic measures that are fundamentally inadequate for this purpose , and that it fails properly to incorporate the possibility that an ecological collapse could utterly undermine the economy , and indeed the world as we know it .
These failures , which are those of mainstream economics , are clearly apparent in his approach to discounting for purposes of estimating how much effort should be put into reducing carbon emissions .
Roughly speaking , Nordhaus argues we should only invest a modest amount of effort in reducing carbon emissions in the short term and slowly increase this over time , because he favours a high discount rate .
The issue of discounting may seem esoteric to most people , but not to economists , and deserves some examination .
Discounting is fundamentally about how we value the future relative to the present — insofar as it makes any sense at all to attach numbers to such valuations .
The “ discount rate ” can be thought of as operating in inverse relation to compound interest .
While “ compounding measures how much present - day investments will be worth in the future , discounting measures how much future benefits are worth today ” .
[ 13 ]
Estimation of the discount rate is based on two moral issues .
First , there is the issue of how we value the welfare of future generations relative to present ones ( the time discount rate ) .
As Nordhaus states , “ A zero discount rate means that all generations into the indefinite future are treated the same ; a positive discount rate means that the welfare of future generations is reduced or ‘ discounted ’ compared with nearer generations ” .
A catastrophe affecting humanity fifty years from now , given a discount rate of 10 per cent , would have a “ present value ” less than 1 per cent of its future cost .
Second , there is the issue of how wealthy future generations will be relative to present ones and whether it is appropriate to shift costs from the present to the future .
If we assume a high rate of economic growth into the indefinite future , we are more likely to avoid investing in addressing problems now , because we assume that future generations will be wealthier than we are and can better afford to address these problems , even if the problems become substantially worse . [ 14 ]
The difficulty of the discount rate , as environmental economist Frank Ackerman has written , is that , “ it is indeed a choice ; the appropriate discount rate for public policy decisions spanning many generations cannot be deduced from private market decisions today , or from economic theory .
A lower discount rate places a greater importance on future lives and conditions of life .
To many , it seems ethically necessary to have a discount rate at or close to zero , in order to respect our descendants and create a sustainable future ” . [ 15 ]
Indeed , the very notion of sustainability is about maintaining the environment for future generations .
Economic growth theorist Roy Harrod argued in the 1940s that discounting the future based on a “ pure time preference ” ( the myopic preference for consumption today apart from all other considerations ) was a “ polite expression for rapacity ” .
A high discount rate tends to encourage spending on policies / projects with short - term benefits and long - term costs as opposed to ones with high up - front costs and long paybacks .
It therefore encourages “ wait - and - see ” and “ go - it - slow ” approaches to impending catastrophes , such as climate change , rather than engaging in strong preventive action . [ 16 ]
Nordhaus , like most mainstream economists , through his support of a high discount rate , places a low value on the welfare of future generations relative to present ones , and assumes , despite considerable uncertainty in this regard , that future generations will be much wealthier than present ones .
This leads him to argue against large immediate investments in curtailing climate change .
He advocates putting a tax on carbon of $ 30 to $ 50 per ton and increasing this to about $ 85 by mid-century .
Taxing carbon at $ 30 a ton would increase the price of gasoline by a mere seven cents a gallon , which gives one a sense of the low level of importance Nordhaus places on curtailing climate change as well as the future of humanity and the environment .
Nordhaus has tripled his estimate of the loss to global economic output due to climate change in 2100 , moving from his earlier estimate of almost 1 per cent to nearly 3 per cent in his latest study . [ 17 ]
Still , such losses are deemed insignificant , given a high discount rate , in comparison to the costs that would be incurred in any attempt to curtail drastically climate change today , leading Nordhaus to advocate a weak - kneed response .
Nordhaus is particularly interested in countering the arguments presented in The Economics of Climate Change ( commonly known as The Stern Review ) , the report written by Nicholas Stern ( former chief economist of the World Bank ) for the British government , which advocates immediate and substantial investments aimed at reducing carbon emissions .
Stern , deviating from the practice of most orthodox economists , uses a low discount rate , arguing that it is morally inexcusable to place low value on the welfare of future generations and to impose the costs of the problems we generate on our descendants .
Nordhaus discounts the future at roughly 6 per cent a year ; Stern by 1.4 per cent .
This means that for Stern having a trillion dollars a century from now is worth $ 247 billion today , while for Nordhaus it is only worth $ 2.5 billion . [ 18 ]
Due to this , Stern advocates imposing a tax on carbon of greater than $ 300 per ton and increasing it to nearly $ 1000 before the end of the century . [ 19 ]
Lomborg in the Wall Street Journal characterised the Stern Review as “ fear - mongering ” , and referred to it in Cool It ! as a “ radical report ” , comparing it unfavourably to Nordhaus ’s work . [ 20 ]
The unworldly economists
It is important to recognise that the difference displayed here between Nordhaus and Stern is fundamentally a moral , not a technical , one .
Where they primarily differ is not on their views of the science behind climate change but on their value assumptions about the propriety of shifting burdens to future generations .
This lays bare the ideology embedded in orthodox neoclassical economics , a field which regularly presents itself as using objective , even naturalistic , methods for modeling the economy .
However , past all of the equations and technical jargon , the dominant economic paradigm is built on a value system that prizes capital accumulation in the short term , while de-valuing everything else in the present and everything altogether in the future .
Some of the same blinders are in fact common in varying degrees to both Nordhaus and Stern .
Nordhaus proposes what he calls an “ optimal path ” in economic terms aimed at slowing down the growth of carbon emissions .
In his “ climate policy ramp ” emissions reductions would start slow and get bigger later , but would nonetheless lead eventually ( in the next century ) to an atmospheric carbon concentration of nearly 700 parts per million ( ppm ) .
This would present the possibility of global average temperature increases approaching 6 °C ( 10.8 °F ) above preindustrial levels — a level that Mark Lynas in his Six Degrees compares to the sixth circle of hell in Dante ’s Inferno . [ 21 ]
Indeed , with a level of carbon concentration much less than this , 500 ppm ( associated with global warming on the order of 3.5 °C or 6.3 °F ) , the effects both on the world ’s biological diversity and on human beings themselves would be disastrous .
“ A conservative estimate for the number of species that would be exterminated ( committed to extinction ) ” at this level , according to James Hansen , director of NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies , “ is one million ” .
Moreover , rising sea levels , the melting of glaciers , and other effects could drastically affect hundreds of millions , conceivably even billions , of people .
Hansen , the world ’s most famous climatologist , argues that in order to avoid catastrophic change it is necessary to reduce atmospheric carbon to a level of 350 ppm . [ 22 ]
Yet , the Stern Review itself , despite being designated as a “ radical ” and “ fear - mongering ” report by Lomborg , targets an atmospheric carbon concentration stabilisation level of 480 ppm ( 550 ppm in carbon equivalent ) , which — if never reaching Nordhaus ’s near 700 ppm peak ( over 900 ppm carbon equivalent ) — is sure to be disastrous , if the analysis of Hansen and most other leading climatologists is to be believed . [ 23 ]
Why such a high atmospheric carbon target ?
The answer is provided explicitly by the Stern Review itself , which argues that past experience shows that anything more than a 1 per cent average annual cut in carbon emissions in industrial countries would have a significant negative effect on economic growth .
Or as the Stern Review itself puts it , “ it is difficult to secure emission cuts faster than about 1 per cent a year except in instances of recession ” . [ 24 ]
So the atmospheric carbon target is determined not according to what is necessary to sustain the global environment , protect species , and ensure the sustainability of human civilisation , but by what is required to keep the capitalist economy itself alive .
The starting point that led to Summers ’s conclusion in his 1992 World Bank memo is in fact the same that underlies the analyses of both Nordhaus and Stern .
Namely , human life in effect is worth only what each person contributes to the economy as measured in monetary terms .
So , if global warming increases mortality in Bangladesh , which it appears likely that it will , this is only reflected in economic models to the extent that the deaths of Bengalis hurt the economy .
Since Bangladesh is very poor , economic models of the type Nordhaus and Stern use would not estimate it to be worthwhile to prevent deaths there since these losses would show up as miniscule in the measurements .
Nordhaus , according to his discount analysis , would go a step beyond Stern and place an even slighter value on the lives of people if they are lost several decades in the future .
This economic ideology , of course , extends beyond just human life , such that all of the millions of species on Earth are valued only to the extent they contribute to GDP .
Thus , ethical concerns about the intrinsic value of human life and of the lives of other creatures are completely invisible in standard economic models .
Increasing human mortality and accelerating the rate of extinctions are to most economists only problems if they undermine the “ bottom line ” .
In other respects they are invisible : as is the natural world as a whole .
From any kind of rational perspective , i.e. , one not dominated exclusively by the narrow economic goal of capital accumulation , such views would seem to be entirely irrational , if not pathological .
In order to highlight the peculiar mindset at work it is useful to quote a passage from Lewis Carroll ’s Through the Looking Glass :
The prettiest are always further ! ” [ Alice ] said at last , with a sigh at the obstinacy of the rushes in growing so far off , as , with flushed cheeks and dripping hair and hands , she scrambled back into her place , and began to arrange her new - found treasures .
What mattered it to her just then that the rushes had begun to fade , and to lose all their scent and beauty , from the very moment that she picked them ?
Even real scented rushes , you know , last only a very little while — and these , being dream - rushes , melted away almost like snow , as they lay in heaps at her feet — but Alice hardly noticed this , there were so many other curious things to think about . [ 25 ]
A society that values above all else the acquisition of abstract value - added , and in the prospect lays waste to nature , in an endless quest for further accumulation , is ultimately an irrational society .
What matters to it what it leaves wasted at its feet , as it turns elsewhere in its endless pursuit of more ?
Mainstream economics , ironically , has never been a materialist science .
There is no materialist conception of nature in what Joseph Schumpeter called its “ preanalytic vision ” . [ 26 ]
It exists in almost complete ignorance of physics ( constantly contravening the second law of thermodynamics ) , and of the degradation of the biosphere .
It sees the world simply in terms of an endless , enlarging “ circular flow ” of economic relations .
The ecological blinders of neoclassical economics , which excludes the planet itself from its vision , are well illustrated by a debate that took place within the World Bank , related by ecological economist Herman Daly .
As Daly tells the story , in 1992 ( when Summers was chief economist of the World Bank and Daly worked for the World Bank ) the annual World Development Report was to focus on the theme Development and the Environment :
An early draft contained a diagram entitled “ The Relationship Between the Economy and the Environment ” .
It consisted of a square labeled “ economy ” , with an arrow coming in labeled “ inputs ” and an arrow going out labeled “ outputs ” — nothing more .
I suggested that the picture failed to show the environment , and that it would be good to have a large box containing the one depicted , to represent the environment .
Then the relation between the environment and the economy would be clear — specifically , that the economy is a subsystem of the environment both as a source of raw material inputs and as a “ sink ” for waste outputs .
The next draft included the same diagram and text , but with an unlabeled box drawn around the economy like a picture frame .
I commented that the larger box had to be labeled “ environment ” or else it was merely decorative , and that the text had to explain that the economy is related to the environment as a subsystem within the larger ecosystem and is dependent on it in the ways previously stated .
The next draft omitted the diagram altogether . [ 27 ]
To be sure , not all economics is as resolutely unworldly as this .
Nicholas Georgescu - Roegen , an economist critical of the anti-ecological orientation of economics — and the founder of the heterodox tradition known as ecological economics , which builds into its pre-analytic vision the notion that the economy is in fact materially limited by physics and ecology — explained that the drive for continuous social wealth and economic profit increased the ecological demands placed on nature , expanding the scale of environmental degradation .
He highlighted the error of pretending that the economy could be separated from ecology .
Others , like Herman Daly , and Paul Burkett in the Marxist tradition , have pushed forward this notion of ecological economics . [ 28 ]
Yet , these ecological economists remain on the margins , excluded from major policy decisions and academic influence .
The juggernaut of capital
Mainstream economists see themselves as engaged in the science of economic growth .
Nevertheless , the assumption of endless economic growth , as if this were the purpose of society and the way of meeting human needs , seems naïve at best .
As Daly says , “ an ever growing economy is biophysically impossible ” . [ 29 ]
The Wonderland nature of such an assumption is particularly obvious in light of the fact that the very underpinning of the economy , the natural environment itself , is being compromised .
Marx did not miss the importance of this social - ecological relationship .
He pointed out that humans are dependent upon nature , given that it provides the energy and materials that make life possible .
While capitalists focused on exchange value and short - term gains , Marx explained that the earth is the ultimate source of all material wealth , and that it needed to be sustained for “ successive generations ” .
The “ conquest of nature ” through the endless pursuit of capital , which necessitated the constant exploitation of nature , disrupted natural cycles and processes , undermining ecosystems and causing a metabolic rift .
Engels warned that such human actions left a particular “ stamp … upon the earth ” and could cause unforeseen changes in the natural conditions that exact the “ revenge ” of nature . [ 30 ]
Today carbon dioxide is being added to the atmosphere at an accelerating rate , much faster than natural systems can absorb it .
Between 2000 and 2006 , according to Josep G. Canadell and his colleagues , in their article in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , the emissions growth rate increased as the global economy grew and became even more carbon intensive , meaning that societies emitted more carbon per unit of economic activity at the beginning of the new millennium than they did in the past .
At the same time , the capacity of natural sinks to absorb carbon dioxide has declined , given environmental degradation such as deforestation .
This contributed to a more dramatic upswing in carbon accumulation in the atmosphere than was anticipated . [ 31 ]
The juggernaut of capital overexploits both the resource taps and waste sinks of the environment , undermining their ability to operate and provide natural services that enhance human life .
There are many good reasons to think that the patterns and processes which held for the past one hundred years — e.g. , economic growth — may not hold for the next one hundred , a point on which the present economic crisis should perhaps focus our attention .
Justifying shifting costs from the present to the future based on the assumption that future generations will be richer than present ones is highly dubious .
In relation to the economy as well as the ecology the future is highly uncertain , though current trends clearly point to disaster .
If global climate change , not to mention the many other interconnected environmental problems we face , has some of the more catastrophic effects that scientists predict , economic growth may not only be hampered , but the entire economy may be undermined , not to mention the conditions of nature on which we depend .
Therefore , future generations may be much poorer than present ones and even less able to afford to fix the problems we are currently creating .
In addition , the growth mania of neoclassical economists focuses on the kinds of things , mainly private goods reflecting individual interests , which comprise GDP , while collective goods and the global commons are devalued in comparison .
It therefore encourages an economic bubble approach to the world ’s resources that from a deeper and longer perspective cannot be maintained .
For all of these reasons , the current economic order tends to mismeasure the Earth and human welfare .
Capitalism , in many respects , has become a failed system in terms of the ecology , economy , and world stability .
It can hardly be said to deliver the goods in any substantive sense , and yet in its process of unrestrained acquisition it is undermining the long - term prospects of humanity and the Earth . [ 32 ]
If we can not rely on orthodox economists to avert crises in financial markets , an area that is supposedly at the core of their expertise , why should we rely on them to avert ecological crises , the understanding of which requires knowledge of the natural environment that is not typically covered in their training ?
Nor is such an awareness compatible with the capitalist outlook that is embedded in received economics .
Ehrlich has noted that , “ Most economists are utterly ignorant of the constraints placed upon the economic system by physical and biological factors ” , and they fail to “ recognise that the economic system is completely and irretrievably embedded in the environment ” , rather than the other way around .
Due to these problems , he has stated pointedly that , “ it seems fair to say that most ecologists see the growth - oriented economic system and the economists who promote that system as the gravest threat faced by humanity today ” .
Furthermore , “ the dissociation of economics from environmental realities can be seen in the notion that the market mechanism completely eliminates the need for concern about diminishing resources in the long run ” . [ 33 ]
Plan B : The technofix Wonderland
The demonstrated failure of received economics to offer a solution to the environmental problem compatible with a capitalist economy has recently resulted in a Plan B to save the system through the proliferation of technological silver bullets for carrying out a “ green revolution ” , without altering the social and economic relations of the system .
Often this is presented in terms of an “ investment strategy ” geared to new Schumpeterian epoch - making innovations of an environmental nature that will somehow save the day for both the economy and ecology , while restoring US empire .
Orthodox economists assume that the resource problems of today will force prices up tomorrow and that these higher prices will force the creation of new technology .
The new army of environmental technocrats claims that the new innovations that will solve all problems are simply there waiting to be developed — if only a market is created , usually with the help of the state .
Such views have been promoted in the last couple of years by figures like Thomas Friedman , Newt Gingrich , Fred Krupp of the Environmental Defense Fund , and Ted Nordhaus and Michael Shellenberger of the Breakthrough Institute .
Krupp and Miriam Horn present this as a question of a competitive race between nations to be first in the green technologies and markets that will save the world .
“ The question ” , they write , “ is no longer just how to avert the catastrophic impacts of climate change , but which nations will produce — and export — the green technologies of the twenty - first century ” . [ 34 ]
These analyses tend to be big on the wonders of technology and the market , while setting aside issues of physics , ecology , the contradictions of accumulation , and social relations .
They assume that it mostly comes down to energy efficiency ( and other technical fixes ) without understanding that in a capitalist system , growth of efficiency normally leads to an increase in scale of the economy ( and further rifts in ecological systems ) that more than negates any ecological gains made ( a problem known as the Jevons Paradox ) . [ 35 ]
Like the establishment economists , with whom they are allied , the technocrats promise to solve all problems while keeping the social relations intact .
The most ambitious schemes involve massive geoengineering proposals to combat climate change , usually aimed at enhancing the Earth ’s albedo ( reflectivity ) .
These entail schemes like using high - flying aircraft , naval guns , or giant balloons to launch reflective materials ( sulfate aerosols or aluminum oxide dust ) into the upper stratosphere to reflect back the rays of the sun .
There are even proposals to create “ designer particles ” that will be “ self - levitating ” and “ self - orienting ” and will migrate to the atmosphere above the poles to provide “ sunshades ” for the polar regions . [ 36 ]
Such technocrats live in a Wonderland where technology solves all problems , and where the Sorcerer ’s Apprentice has never been heard of .
All of this is designed to extend the conquest of the Earth rather than to make peace with the planet .
Ecological revolution
If there was a definite beginning to the modern ecological revolution , this can be traced back to Rachel ’s Carson ’s Silent Spring .
In attempting to counter what she called the “ sterile preoccupation with things that are artificial , the alienation from the sources of our strength ” , that has come to characterise the capitalist Wonderland , Carson insisted that it was necessary to cultivate a renewed sense of wonder toward the world and living beings .
Yet , it was not enough , as she was to demonstrate through her actions , merely to contemplate life .
It was necessary also to sustain it , which meant actively opposing the “ gods of profit and production ” — and their faithful messengers , the dominant economists of our time .
[ Richard York is coeditor of Organisation & Environment and associate professor of sociology at the University of Oregon .
Brett Clark is assistant professor of sociology at North Carolina State University .
They are coauthors with John Bellamy Foster of Critique of Intelligent Design : Materialism versus Creationism from Antiquity to the Present ( Monthly Review Press , 2008 ) .
John Bellamy Foster is editor of Monthly Review and professor of sociology at the University of Oregon .
He is the author of The Ecological Revolution : Making Peace with the Planet ( Monthly Review Press , 2009 ) among numerous other works . ]
Notes
1. Jean -Philippe Bouchaud , “ Economics Needs a New Scientific Revolution ” , Nature 455 ( October 30 , 2008 ) : 1181 .
2. See Naomi Klein , The Shock Doctrine : The Rise of Disaster Capitalism ( New York : Henry Holt , 2007 ) .
“ Après moi le déluge ! is the watchword of every capitalist and every capitalist nation .
Capital therefore takes no account of the health and length of life of the workers unless society forces it to do so ” .
Karl Marx , Capital , vol . 1 ( New York : Vintage , 1976 ) , 381 .
3. Paul R. Ehrlich , “ An Economist in Wonderland ” , Social Science Quarterly 62 ( 1981 ) : 44-49 ; Julian L. Simon , “ Resources , Population , Environment : An Oversupply of False Bad News ” , Science 208 ( June 27 , 1980 ) : 1431 - 37 , “ Bad News : Is It True ? ” Science 210 ( December 19 , 1980 ) : 1305 - 8 , “ Environmental Disruption or Environmental Improvement ? ” Social Science Quarterly 62 ( 1981 ) : 30 - 43 , The Ultimate Resource ( Princeton , NJ : Princeton University Press , 1981 ) , “ Paul Ehrlich Saying It Is So Does n’t Make it So ” , Social Science Quarterly 63 ( 1982 ) : 381- 5 .
For the rest of Ehrlich and colleagues ’ side of the exchanges , see : Ehrlich , “ Environmental Disruption : Implications for the Social Sciences ” , Social Science Quarterly 62 ( 1981 ) : 7 - 22 , “ That ’s Right — You Should Check It For Yourself ” , Social Science Quarterly 63 ( 1982 ) : 385-7 , John P. Holdren , Paul R. Ehrlich , Anne H. Ehrlich , and John Harte , “ Bad News : Is It True ? ” Science 210 ( December 19 , 1980 ) : 1296-1301 .
4. Bjørn Lomborg , The Skeptical Environmentalist ( Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , 2001 ) ; Stuart Pimm and Jeff Harvey , review of The Skeptical Environmentalist , Nature 414 ( November 8 , 2001 ) : 149-150 ; Stephen Schneider , John P. Holdren , John Bogaars , and Thomas Lovejoy in Scientific American 286 , no. 1 ( January 2002 ) , 62 - 72 ; “ Defending Science ” , The Economist , January 31 , 2002 , 15 - 16 .
5. Bjørn Lomborg , Global Crises , Global Solutions ( Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , 2004 ) , 6 .
6. Bjørn Lomborg , Cool It : The Skeptical Environmentalist ’s Guide to Global Warming ( New York : Alfred A. Knopf , 2007 ) , 37 .
See also Frank Ackerman , “ Hot , It ’s Not : Reflections on Cool It , by Bjørn Lomborg ” , Climatic Change 89 ( 2008 ) , 435 - 46 .
7. Milton Friedman in Carla Ravaioli , Economists and the Environment ( London ; Zed Press , 1995 ) , 32 , 64-65 .
8. Stephen H. Schneider , Laboratory Earth ( New York : Basic Books , 1997 ) , 129-35 ; William D. Nordhaus , “ An Optimal Transition Path for Controlling Greenhouse Gases ” , Science 258 ( November 20 , 1992 ) : 1318 ; Stephen Schneider , “ Pondering Greenhouse Policy ” , Science 259 ( March 5 , 1993 ) : 1381 .
The discussion here borrows from the introduction to John Bellamy Foster , The Ecological Revolution ( New York : Monthly Review Press , 2009 ) , 24 - 25 .
9. Thomas C. Schelling , “ The Greenhouse Effect ” , The Concise Encyclopedia of Economics , http://www.econlib.org/library/Enc1/GreenhouseEffect.html;
Schelling in Lomborg , Global Crises , Global Solutions , 630 .
Schelling is often “ credited ” with having been the leading “ strategist ” of the Vietnam War .
10 . Gordon Rattray Taylor , The Doomsday Book ( Greenwich , CT : Fawcett Publications , 1970 ) , 32-33 .
11 . After the memo was leaked Summers claimed that he was being “ ironic ” but the fact that his position conformed to both mainstream economic analysis and other statements that he had argued explicitly and publicly belied that claim .
See Summers ’s memo and its critique in John Bellamy Foster , Ecology Against Capitalism ( New York : Monthly Review Press , 2002 ) , 60 - 68 .
12 . William Nordhaus , A Question of Balance : Weighing the Options on Global Warming Policies ( New Haven : Yale University Press , 2008 ) .
13 . Coastal Services Center , National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association , “ Restoration Economics : Discounting and Time Preference ” , http://www.csc.noaa.gov/coastal/economics/discounting.htm.
14 . William Nordhaus , “ Critical Assumptions in the Stern Review on Climate Change ” , Science 317 ( 2007 ) : 201-202 ; Coastal Services Center , National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association , “ Restoration Economics ” .
15 . Ackerman , “ Hot , It ’s Not ” , 443 .
16 . Roy Harrod , Towards a Dynamic Economy ( New York : St. Martin ’s Press , 1948 ) , 40 ; Stern , The Economics of Climate Change , 35 - 36 ; William Cline , “ Climate Change ” , in Lomborg , Global Crises , Global Solutions , 16 .
17 . Nordhaus , A Question of Balance , 13 - 14 .
18 . John Browne , “ The Ethics of Climate Change : The Stern Review ” , Scientific American 298 , no.
6 ( June 2008 ) : 97-100 .
19 . Nicholas Stern , The Economics of Climate Change : The Stern Review ( Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , 2007 ) .
20 . Bjørn Lomborg , “ Stern Review : The Dodgy Numbers Behind the Latest Warming Scare ” , Wall Street Journal , November 2 , 2006 , and Cool It ! , 31 .
21 . Nordhaus , A Question of Balance , 13 - 14 ; Simon Dietz and Nicholas Stern , “ On the Timing of Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reductions : A Final Rejoinder to the Symposium on ‘ The Economics of Climate Change : The Stern Review and its Critics , ’ ” Review of Environmental Economics and Policy 3 , no .
1 ( Winter 2009 ) , 138- 40 ; Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , Summary for Policymakers in Climate Change 2007 : Mitigation ( Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , 2007 ) , 15 ; Mark Lynas , Six Degrees ( Washington , D.C. : National Geographic , 2008 ) , 241 .
22 . James and Anniek Hansen , “ Dear Barack and Michelle : An Open Letter to the President and the First Lady from the Clintion ’s Top Climate Scientist ” , Gristmill , January 2 , 2009 , http://www.grist.org;
IPCC , Summary for Policymakers in Climate Change 2007 , 15 ; Stern , The Economics of Climate Change , 16 .
23 . IPCC , Summary for Policymakers in Climate Change 2007 , 15 ; Dietz and Stern , “ On the Timing ” , 139 ; Stern , The Economics of Climate Change , 16 .
Rather than using atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration , like Hansen and Nordhaus , the Stern Review focuses on carbon dioxide equivalent concentration , which includes the six Kyoto greenhouse gases ( carbon dioxide , methane , nitrous oxide , hydrofluorocarbons , perfluorocarbons , and sulfur hexafluoride ) all expressed in terms of the equivalent amount of carbon dioxide .
For the sake of consistency , we present here the carbon dioxide concentration and then in parentheses the corresponding carbon dioxide equivalent concentration .
24 . Stern , The Economics of Climate Change , 231 .
See John Bellamy Foster , Brett Clark , and Richard York , “ Ecology : Moment of Truth — An Introduction ” , Monthly Review 60 , no. 3 ( July - August 2008 ) , 1 - 11 .
25 . Lewis Carroll , The Annotated Alice : The Definitive Edition , ed. Martin Gardner ( New York : Norton , 2000 ) , 204 .
26 . Joseph A. Schumpeter , A History of Economic Analysis ( New York : Oxford University Press , 1951 ) , 41 - 42 .
27 . Herman Daly , Beyond Growth ( Boston : Beacon Press , 1996 ) , 5 - 6 . Summers himself , Daly explains , later denied that the economy should be seen as a subset of the biosphere .
28 . In addition to Daly ’s book cited above see Paul A. Burkett , Marxism and Ecological Economics ( Boston : Brill , 2006 ) .
29 . Herman Daly , “ Economics in a Full World ” , Scientific American 293 , no.
3 ( September 2005 ) , 102 .
30 . Karl Marx , Capital , vol . 1 ( New York : Vintage , 1976 ) , 134 , 637-638 and Capital , vol . 3 ( New York : Vintage , 1981 ) , 754 ; Frederick Engels , The Dialectics of Nature ( Moscow : Progress Publishers , 1966 ) , 179-180 .
See also John Bellamy Foster , Marx ’s Ecology ( New York : Monthly Review Press , 2000 ) , 141-77 .
31 . Josep G. Canadell , Corinne Le Quéré , Michael R. Raupach , Christopher B. Field , Erik T. Buitenhuis , Philippe Ciais , Thomas J. Conway , Nathan P. Gillett , R. A. Houghton , and Gregg Marland , “ Contributions to Accelerating Atmospheric CO2 Growth from Economic Activity , Carbon Intensity , and Efficiency of Natural Sinks ” , Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 104 , no. 47 ( 2007 ) : 18866-18870 .
32 . See John Bellamy Foster , “ A Failed System ” , Monthly Review 60 , no.
10 ( March 2009 ) : 1 -23 .
33 . Paul Ehrlich , “ Environmental Disruption ” , 12 - 14 .
34 . Fred Krupp and Miriam Horn , Earth : The Sequel ( New York : W.W. Norton , 2009 ) , 261 .
For a treatment of the views of Friedman , Gingrich , and the Breakthrough Institute see the introduction to Foster , The Ecological Revolution .
35 . See Brett Clark and John Bellamy Foster , “ William Stanley Jevons and The Coal Question : An Introduction to Jevons ’s ‘ Of the Economy of Fuel , ’ ” Organisation and Environment 14 , no .
1 ( March 2001 ) : 93-98 ; Brett Clark and Richard York , “ Rifts and Shifts : Getting to the Root of Environmental Catastrophe ” , Monthly Review 60 , no .
8 ( November 2008 ) : 13 -24 .
36 . David G. Victor , M. Granger Morgan , Jay Apt , John Steinbruner and Katharine Ricke , “ The Geoengineering Option ” , Foreign Affairs 88 , no. 2 ( March - April 2009 ) , 64 - 76 .
LOS ANGELES ( Billboard ) -
The recording industry secured a resounding victory last week when a Minneapolis jury awarded the four major labels $ 1.92 million in damages after unanimously finding that a 32 - year - old mother had willfully infringed on their copyrights by downloading and sharing 24 songs on the Kazaa peer - to - peer network .
But a question arose after the verdict about whether the sheer size of the damages could lead to a backlash against an industry that is already portrayed in some quarters as overreaching .
Sony BMG attorney Wade Leak , who testified at the trial , said he was “ shocked ” by the damages award .
No one expects that the labels will collect the entire amount from Jammie Thomas - Rasset , a 32 - year - old Brainerd , Minn. , mother of four who testified during the retrial that her ex-boyfriend or sons , then 8 and 10 , were most likely responsible for downloading and distributing the songs .
Thomas - Rasset lost her previous trial in 2007 and was ordered to pay $ 222,000 , only to achieve a now - pyrrhic victory when the court tossed the verdict because of a faulty jury instruction .
Even for law - abiding citizens who believe that labels have every right to protect their copyrights , a verdict of almost $ 2 million could be hard to swallow .
Indeed , the Recording Industry Assn. of America said it was willing to reach a settlement with Thomas - Rasset , as it had been all along .
The Copyright Act provides for awards of statutory damages of up to $ 150,000 per infringed work , in the case of willful infringement .
A number of copyright scholars on the “ copyleft , ” led by Harvard Law School ’s Charles Nesson , have argued that such damages awards for personal use of file - sharing networks are excessive .
Though no court has yet adopted that theory , the Thomas - Rasset verdict provides a very human face to the argument , which she will likely pursue on appeal if the case is n’t settled .
While the recording industry claims strong support in Congress , with powerful champions including House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers , D - Mich . , and his Senate counterpart Patrick Leahy , D - Vt. , the Minneapolis verdict could well lead to a legislative move to reduce the damages awards available against individual infringers like Thomas - Rasset .
Thomas - Rasset ’s attorney , Kiwi Camara , said he was “ very surprised ” by the size of the verdict and signaled a willingness to talk about a possible settlement with the labels .
But Camara also listed a number of potential issues to appeal should the parties be unable to resolve the case , including a challenge to the labels ’ ownership of the copyrights at issue based on the argument that they were improperly classified as “ works made for hire ” in contravention of the Copyright Act of 1976 .
( Ben Sheffner is a copyright attorney who blogshere .
Previously , while employed at 20th Century Fox , he worked on an amicus curiae brief in this case for the Motion Picture Assn. of America . )
By Mehdi Khalaji
With Iran 's presidential campaign culminating on June 12 , all three challengers to incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinezhad are expressing increased concern about the possibility of election fraud and manipulation of the election .
Not only are there complaints about regime influence on the campaign , such as biased coverage by state - run television , the voting itself can be manipulated in numerous ways .
Voting Procedures
According to Iranian law , the Interior Ministry administers elections .
In each ward or county , the ministry forms an executive committee that consists of the ward or county head , the local head of the National Organization for Civil Registration , the chief prosecutor or his representative , and eight respected local figures .
The Guardian Council has the duty of supervising the electoral process at each polling station and has created observation committees with more than 130,000 members .
Each candidate has the right to send an observer to each fixed polling station to observe both the voting process and the ballot count .
In Iran , voting follows quite different procedures than those used in most Western countries .
For instance , there is no voter registration .
Instead , a person 's voting eligibility is determined by a " birth certificate " ( BC ) .
( Although Iran has recently introduced national identification cards , these are not used for voting . )
The BC , issued by the National Organization for Civil Registration , looks like a passport , with pages that can be stamped .
Voters can go to any of the more than 60,000 voting stations across the country or around the world , including those in thirty - five U.S. cities .
Since there is no requirement to vote near one 's residence , voter turnout at a particular voting station , or even in a city , can theoretically exceed the estimated number of eligible voters in that locality .
When a person receives a ballot , the BC is recorded and stamped , but there appears to be no verification , either during the voting or after , of the documentation .
Manipulation Mechanisms
Voting can be easily manipulated in several ways :
Collecting birth certificates .
In previous elections , reports have surfaced that the Imam Khomeini Committee , a large state charity affiliated with the leader ( or , as he insists , supreme leader ) , Ali Khamenei , " rent " BCs belonging to the poor .
It has been alleged that after regular voting hours , those engaged in fraud fill out ballots using the rented BCs .
In some elections , polls remained open for many hours after the designated closing time , feeding concern that irregular votes were being cast .
Eligible voters .
Relying on birth certificates complicates the calculation of eligible voters .
Different government offices give very different estimates : while the Interior Ministry puts the total number of eligible Iranian voters at 46 million , Iran 's Center for Statistics claims the number is over 51 million .
Not being able to even estimate the number of eligible voters makes it difficult to judge if " ghost " votes have been cast .
According to the National Organization for Civil Registration , the number of existing BCs considerably exceeds the number of Iranians .
Many BCs are issued as replacements for reportedly lost BCs , and there is little to prevent people from using the duplicate BCs to vote at two different polling stations .
Also , some Iranians do not invalidate their relatives '
BCs after they die .
In the last presidential election , reformist sources announced that more than two million fraudulent BCs may have been used by the Basij militia and others to obtain ballots .
Illiteracy .
According to official statistics , the illiteracy rate in Iran is more than 20 percent .
Voters are required to write the name of their preferred candidate on the ballot ; there are no pictorial symbols , and voters are not allowed to make an " X " to indicate their choice .
Since many people are unable to write , the government allows volunteers , mostly affiliated with the Basij , to be inside polling stations to help voters write the name of their preferred candidate .
Obviously , these Basij volunteers can easily write in any name they wish .
Mobile polling stations .
According to the Ministry of Interior , there will be more than 14,000 mobile ballot boxes for people unable to vote at the nearly 47,000 fixed polling stations ( for instance , the infirm , the elderly , and the military ) ; the number of mobile boxes is more than ten times the number used in the previous election .
Adequate supervision of the mobile boxes is extremely difficult , creating a situation where no one watches who casts the ballots or is present during the tally .
Counting process .
The two - stage counting process presents perhaps the most troubling aspect of the elections .
At each polling station , after the end of voting hours , the votes are counted and recorded on Form 22 in the presence of representatives from the candidates , the Interior Ministry , and the Guardian Council .
These forms are secret however ; the results are not announced to the press or released to the candidates .
Instead , in the second stage of the counting process , the forms are sent to the Interior Ministry , where the votes are tallied and published on Form 28 , which reports the votes by province or county .
But because there is no supervision of the preparation , there is no way to compare Form 28 to Form 22 .
In other words , it is possible for agents from the Guardian Council or the Interior Ministry to change the vote totals before announcing them .
This stage provokes suspicion among candidates as well as independent observers about the accuracy and fairness of the counting .
Validation of the election .
The official validation of the election results is a two - stage process .
The first stage is validation by the Guardian Council , which is a partisan body that does not bother to conceal its political preference .
In the past , the Guardian Council has canceled the voting in some districts where voting problems allegedly occurred , and not surprisingly , these are often districts where reformers do well .
The second stage of validation is by Khamenei , who has the constitutional authority to overrule the voters if he so chooses .
In an open letter published on June 7 , a group of Interior Ministry employees expressed concern about the ministry 's plans to intervene and manipulate the election by various means .
They mentioned a fatwa issued by an ayatollah in Qom , which provides ministry officials with a religious justification for manipulating the election in favor of Ahmadinezhad .
Some reformist sources such as roozonline.com believe that the fatwa was issued by Ayatollah Mohammad Taghi Mesbah Yazdi , who is known to be a fervent supporter of Ahmadinezhad and his religious worldview .
The representatives of Mir Hossein Moussavi and Mehdi Karrobi also sent an open letter , published on June 8 , to Ahmad Jannati , the secretary of the Guardian Council , warning about manipulation of the election .
Conclusion
Ahmadinezhad 's rivals have no faith that the Interior Ministry will respect the law and conduct a fair election .
Mehdi Karrobi and Mir Hossein Moussavi suggested that a " committee for safeguarding the fairness of vote " supervise the election on behalf of the candidates , but the Interior Ministry and the Guardian Council rejected the idea .
It is not clear how much voting manipulation will occur on June 12 , but it is abundantly clear that Iran 's election procedures leave ample opportunity for massive voter fraud .
ThatGameCompany ‘s debut game for the PlayStation Network maybe seen by some as being “ long in the tooth ” .
Not according to Sony .
It appears there is a trophy patch in the works for the relaxing title .
This was recenly overheard on Sony ’s E3 floorspace from an unnamed SCEA representative .
This falls short of an official announcement but the source sounded very confident .
Los Angeles , London , New Delhi , Singapore and Washington DC ( June 9 , 2009 ) The nature of the U.S. Navy workplace leads to higher heavy drinking for sailors than for civilians , according to an article in the May issue of the Journal of Mixed Methods Research published by SAGE .
Several issues specific to the Navy contribute to problem drinking , according to the study , including the youth of recruits , alternating periods of exertion and boredom , and a culture that emphasizes drinking as a mechanism for bonding , recreation , and stress relief .
These conclusions were reached using methods that included a statistical analysis of survey data as well as an analyses of interviews and observations on bases , ships and submarines .
In addition to presenting the results of the study , the authors also use it to make observations about the use of mixed methods in conducting this type of research .
Methodologically , the study design drew from approaches associated with social psychology , public health , and anthropology , reflecting the disciplines of research team members .
" A second purpose of the article is methodological in scope , " the authors write .
We sought " to use the study findings as a springboard for discussing the challenges and opportunities in carrying out collaborative mixed method research among this population . "
Mixed methods is a fairly new research method where the investigator collects data and draws inferences using both qualitative and quantitative approaches .
###
SAGE is the world 's largest research methods publisher , with more than 1,200 books , journals and reference works supporting every stage of a researchers career .
It has been at the forefront of developing new approaches in methods including in evaluation , qualitative methods and mixed methods .
" The Impact of Occupational Culture on Drinking Behavior of Young Adults in the U.S. Navy " by Genevieve M. Ames , Michael R. Duke , Roland S. Moore and Carol B. Cunradi is available free of charge for a limited time at http://mmr. sagepub .
com/ cgi/ reprint / 3 / 2 / 129 .
The Journal of Mixed Methods Research ( JMMR ) is an innovative , quarterly , international publication that focuses on empirical , methodological , and theoretical articles about mixed methods research across the social , behavioral , health , and human sciences .
http://mmr. sagepub .
com
SAGE is a leading international publisher of journals , books , and electronic media for academic , educational , and professional markets .
Since 1965 , SAGE has helped inform and educate a global community of scholars , practitioners , researchers , and students spanning a wide range of subject areas including business , humanities , social sciences , and science , technology and medicine .
An independent company , SAGE has principal offices in Los Angeles , London , New Delhi , Singapore and Washington DC. www.sagepublications.com
why you should honor thy scientists
Whataboutism between science and religion in the media means only one thing : the writers simply do n't understand science .
Illustration by Koren Shadmi
In the past few years , there ’s been a surge in articles which put science in the same light as religion .
Instead of presenting it as a methodology for gaining knowledge , it ’s being presented as a “ tradition ” or a “ mindset ” of materialists , skeptics and atheists .
It ’s wrong , misguided and I would even go as far as to say disrespectful .
A scientist ’s answer to an existential question comes from painstakingly documented research conducted over many years , every word dissected by highly trained experts .
Answers of priests come from looking through a few verses of a collection of ancient religious letters and stories , then interpreted to say whatever he wants to say at the moment .
How can you possibly put these radically different approaches in the same realm ?
Have you ever noticed that there are no temples to science ?
And I do n’t mean those metaphorical ones found in the purple prose of an author who desperately tries to tear down scientific institutions and their knowledge .
I ’m talking about literal temples where the faithful memorize the latest peer reviewed papers .
There ’s no book which science considers to be the source of all knowledge .
A supercomputer who was elected to the post of Science Pope has n’t made Newton and Darwin saints .
Every bit of knowledge we have about our universe is always subject to change and those who can turn a particular discipline on its head are rewarded with prizes and fame .
Dogmas in science are bitterly fought against with new facts and discoveries , and while at first , any new and groundbreaking theory has a tough time as it goes through peer review , the community will warm up to it when they see enough evidence for its accuracy .
Oddly enough , the fact that scientists can and will change how they view the universe is interpreted as a sign of weakness by religious zealots .
But then again , if you believe you ’re never wrong , seeing people around you change their ideas would be an alien experience .
When your mind is gripped by dogmas , regardless of their validity , that ’s the only thing you can understand .
Every other viewpoint seems like another tradition or another religion and since you ’ve been taught that all other religions are mistaken , then science must be wrong and its constant updates and revisions must be a sign of its high priests trying to salvage their failing institution .
And so we get indignant articles by fundamentalists pontificating on theories they do n’t understand , declaring that the greatest strength of the scientific method is actually a sign of inferiority over blind dogma .
However , it ’s not just zealots who will equate scientific methodology with theistic dogmatism .
In an attempt to appear completely objective and beyond any charge of bias , some writers will give equal importance to every opinion with seemingly no regard for whether it ’s right or wrong .
They think that giving a biologist who ’s life was spent researching evolution and a random televangelist the same weight in their articles , will make them insightful reporters who diligently consider every side of a story .
But the truth is that not everything you hear is accurate and if you ’re reporting an incorrect assumption without actually doing your homework and noting that it ’s wrong , you ’re not an objective reporter or analyst .
You ’re a scribe afraid of being called biased .
So for those of you who write about public conflicts between scientists and religious activists , do n’t be afraid to call science what it really is .
An organized , systematic methodology for acquiring and refining knowledge .
To present it as anything otherwise is just plain wrong and misleading .
[ social_buttons ]
San Jose , CA – Achieving a goal of 100 percent energy independence is a little closer for San Jose thanks to a momentous move by the City Council today .
The City Council authorized the City Manager to negotiate and execute a Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU ) to develop potential lease terms and guidelines for developing an organics - to energy bio - gas facility .
The bio - gas facility , planned to be constructed and operated by Zanker Road Biogas , will be based on a 40 - acre site near the San Jose / Santa Clara Water Pollution Control Plan .
The proposed facility would also be bound on either side by two solid waste recovery and recycling facilities owned and operated by Zanker Road Resource Management , Ltd .
The MOU , which was authorized today , will set forth the guidelines and work - plan for the potential lease terms of the bio - gas project .
Pending successful negotiations for the MOU , San Jose will issue a lease to Zero Waste Energy Development Company , Inc. , a partnership between GreenWaste Recovery and their sister company , Zanker Road Resource Management .
This project would also see the cooperation of GreenWaste and Harvest Power , Inc. , a company that provides leading technology and project development capabilities for harnessing the renewable energy in organic waste .
The Zanker Road Biogas facility would be the first facility in the U.S. with the technology to turn organic waste into bio -gas , keeping San Jose at the forefront of clean technology innovations .
The technology that would find its home at the San Jose facility would use a process known as dry anaerobic fermentation to generate renewable bio - gas and high - quality compost .
This technology has already been made popular in Europe .
All of the existing anaerobic digestion systems in common use in the United States currently process wet waste .
By contrast , the technology for the proposed Zanker Road Biogas would use the dry fermentation technology specifically designed to process the relatively dry organic waste found in the municipal solid waste stream which is difficult to recycle without extensive pre-processing and currently ends up in a landfill .
This anaerobic digestion system technology has been commercially demonstrated in Europe by BEKON Energy Technologies , which has built 12 facilities in Germany and Italy and has 13 additional facilities scheduled for construction in 2009 .
“ This project not only demonstrates San Jose ’s leadership in the production of renewable energy but will help us meet the economic development , zero waste and energy goals of our city ’s Green Vision , ” said San Jose Mayor Chuck Reed .
Yahoo has a preview of the upcoming iPhone application Messenger sneak peek .
Following the sale of text , you can now “ The Best of Messenger with you , wherever you are . ”
Apart from any allergic reactions , you can also abuse of the color purple , how does the new application appear to keep ?
The nearly enough to see the screen of the iPhone , said the existing AIM .
You start with a scrolling list of contacts , with their avatars and the rule that you can click for a video .
The image with the new in both directions , similar to the iPhone SMS to talk about bubbles and used for maintenance .
Messenger integrated access to the iPhone , the camera and image library , so that the images as part of the interview .
This is a bonus of several features of the program a little extra boost .
Another feature allows you to SMS messages directly from the application to send to your friends Phones .
It offers a free service , the text with friends , without your SMS allowance .
Another feature is the application of “ no SignOut ” Design “ .
This is what you signed in the service of Yahoo , even if the phone is sleeping or leaving the employment of another application .
Your status automatically is in standby mode , do not you cut your ongoing discussions .
If the Apple - push notifications to a reality , your queue is relatively short term , is considered a badge of chance ‘ application is exactly the type of use of this technology was designed for .
The introduction of “ special Hibernation in the version 2.2.x of the application , Yahoo has been shown that if 3.x functions go .
While the Yahoo walk through some of the iPhone “ thud . ”
I doubt that many users want the iPhone in all the web addresses to their status messages of the video suggested the possible .
There is a big difference between the function of an application on a simulator with a Mac keyboard and using the same function on an iPhone with a touchscreen .
( At least Yahoo knows something about the models of the iPhone , that is we do . )
Apart from that , what the video shows the next Messenger provides some solid , well designed , and purple .
Messenger you can experience the same principles already using SMS , AIM , symposium and other applications , but when it provides a reliable and robust is a ready to use , installed in the public of what has already more than instant messaging messaging on the computer .
via
June 11 , 2009  -- Chastity Bono , daughter of Cher and the late Sonny Bono , is undergoing gender reassignment surgery , his publicist confirmed to ABCNews.com .
" Yes , it 's true -- Chaz , after many years of consideration , has made the courageous decision to honor his true identity , " Howard Bragman said .
" He is proud of his decision and grateful for the support and respect that has already been shown by his loved ones .
It is Chaz 's hope that his choice to transition will open the hearts and minds of the public regarding this issue , just as his ' coming out ' did nearly 20 years ago .
" We ask that the media respect Chaz 's privacy during this long process as he will not be doing any interviews at this time , " Bragman added .
Bono , an LGBT civil rights advocate , journalist , author and musician , began the process of changing his gender earlier this year , following his 40th birthday .
The Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation ( GLAAD ) has already voiced its support of him .
" Chaz Bono 's decision to live his life authentically represents an important step forward , both for him personally and for all who are committed to advancing discussions about fairness and equality for transgender people , " GLAAD president Neil G. Giuliano said in a statement to reporters .
" Coming out as transgender is an extremely personal decision and one that is never made lightly . "
Bono revealed to his parents that he was a lesbian at age 18 and wrote about the experience in his 1998 memoir , " Family Outing . "
In 2002 , Bono wrote " The End of Innocence , " a second memoir about coming out , his music career , and his partner 's death from non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma .
Cher Shocked by Chastity 's Sexuality
According to Bono 's books ,
Cher was shocked by the news of his sexuality and even banished Bono from her NYC apartment immediately after he came out .
" I 'd always had this idea that she would get married and have a family , " Cher told People magazine in 1998 .
The two since have mended their relationship , though Cher reportedly expressed concern about Bono 's weight .
Bono participated in VH1's " Celebrity Fit Club 3 " in 2003 in an effort to shed pounds .
ABCNews.com 's calls and e-mails to Cher 's representatives for comment were not immediately returned Thursday .
June 05 , 2009 at 14:06 Tags Python , Qt
When it comes to plotting and drawing graphs , Python has quite a few options .
In this post I want to focus on the two I 've had experience with , so far .
After a short presentation of the libraries , I will compare them on various criteria which I found important .
The contestants matplotlib matplotlib is arguably the most popular and best known Python plotting package out there .
Armed with NumPy , SciPy and matplotlib , Python programmers aim at the domain currently occupied by the uncontested heavyweight of numeric computing - Matlab .
And quite frankly , Python does n't fare too badly in this contest .
So matplotlib has been designed from the ground up to support a huge range of plots , and be particularly suitable for scientific plotting .
It provides publication - quality plotting , generating high - resolution anti-aliased images that can ( and have been ) incorporated in real reports and scientific articles .
PyQwt PyQwt is a different beast .
It provides Python bindings to the C++
Qwt library , which is a set of classes extending the Qt framework with plotting and other widgets for scientific and engineering applications .
While not aimed at scientific publication , PyQwt is relatively light - weight , integrates very well with PyQt and provides additional widgets that can be useful for some applications that require plotting .
Visual appeal Without question , matplotlib produces prettier plots .
It uses the Agg 2D rendering engine as its backend and produces the best looking plots I 've seen from any tool or library .
PyQwt 's plots are homelier , but still look pretty good .
There 's an option to render the plots in an anti-aliased manner as well ( using the RenderAntialiased option ) , which makes the plots look much better ( at the price of performance ) , though still not quite like matplotlib .
Plot options matplotlib has built - in support for much more plot types than PyQwt .
Although when you have a good framework ( and PyQwt is one ) it 's not difficult to program any type of plot , matplotlib delivers most types you could ( and could n't ) think of out - of - the - box .
Also , if math is your thing , you 'll be happy to discover that matplotlib can render LaTeX - typed equations onto the plots .
Integration with GUIs
Since plotting is an inherently visual activity , integration with a GUI is important for a plotting library .
matplotlib knows how to play with Tk , wxPython and PyQt quite well .
But it 's a separate library , with its own types , conventions and needs .
PyQwt is seamlessly integrated into the PyQt model .
The pens you use to plot in it are PyQt pens , the events and slots of the plot are the same events and slots of the GUI , and everything fits together just perfectly .
This is very useful if integration with PyQt is what your application needs the most .
Interaction
For some plots , interaction is important : you want to allow the user to navigate the plot - zoom in and out of areas , have a cursor with a known location , and so on .
matplotlib provides built - in interaction with its toolbar that can be easily attached to a plot .
Just a few lines of code , and you have a pretty good means of interaction .
PyQwt is different in this aspect .
Though it does n't have a built - in toolbar widget , here its great integration with PyQt shows its strength .
Since PyQwt is so tightly tied into the Qt GUI and event system , it 's possible to create very complex interactions with it .
While matplotlib also has an event capability that can be tied to the host GUI 's , it 's much less natural and less convenient to work with .
So if you need just the basic integration , matplotlib has it built - in , and in PyQwt you will have to spend a bit more effort .
But if you need a complex interaction , PyQwt is better .
Documentation matplotlib is much better documented than PyQwt .
For PyQwt you just have the examples and the class reference of Qwt ( the C++ library ) to look at .
For matplotlib you have a whole handbook almost 500 pages long , and several other helpful documents .
But this is mostly because matplotlib is much more complex .
As I 've mentioned before , PyQwt is so integrated with PyQt that you do n't need that much documentation to use it .
It 's basically another PyQt widget you can use in your application - the learning curve is much gentler .
Performance
Here , in my experience , PyQwt wins big .
matplotlib is a large and heavy library , and adding it to an application considerably increases its load time .
PyQwt is much lighter and faster as well .
If distributing applications is important , keep in mind that the executables produced ( say , with py2exe or PyInstaller ) with PyQwt will be much smaller , and will load more quickly .
If you build PyQwt on your own , you can also keep numpy support out , which will make the library even smaller .
Unfortunately , the pre-built binaries for Windows come with numpy support obligatory .
Extra capabilities matplotlib is a library for plotting , period .
It contains a huge variety of different plot types that will satisfy ultimately all of your plotting needs .
PyQwt , on the other hand , aims at other goals as well .
It contains other widgets useful for scientific and engineering apps , such as dials , knobs , wheels and sliders .
These can be very useful for some applications , especially in the domain of test&measurement software ( as a competition to LabView or Matlab ) .
( CNN ) -- President Obama delivered his long - awaited and wide - ranging speech Thursday on American and Muslim relations , offering a hand of friendship to Islam and addressing an array of quandaries and conflicts dividing the two cultures .
President Obama urges a new chapter in ties between the U.S. and Muslims in a speech Thursday in Cairo , Egypt .
At Egypt's Cairo University , Obama quoted from the Quran as he expounded on Islam 's glories and rights , the legitimate rights of Israel and the Palestinians , Iranian nuclear aspirations , the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , women 's rights , economic development , and religious rights and democracy in the Muslim world .
The address , billed as a fence - mending mission between the United States and Islam , urged those present and the people across the globe viewing the speech on television to enter a new , productive and peaceful chapter in their relationship .
Obama 's stop in Egypt is part of a trip that started in Saudi Arabia on Wednesday and will continue later to Germany and France .
Watch Obama 's entire speech »
" I know there are many -- Muslim and non-Muslim -- who question whether we can forge this new beginning , " Obama said , emphasizing that " it is easier to start wars than to end them .
It is easier to blame others than to look inward , to see what is different about someone than to find the things we share . "
Obama reiterated a statement he made in Turkey in April .
" In Ankara , I made clear that America is not -- and never will be -- at war with Islam .
" We will , however , relentlessly confront violent extremists who pose a grave threat to our security -- because we reject the same thing that people of all faiths reject : the killing of innocent men , women and children .
And it is my first duty as president to protect the American people . "
Obama explored the Palestinian and Israeli conflict , endorsing a two - state solution and urging compromise and understanding between " two peoples with legitimate aspirations . "
iReport.com : A reaction to Obama 's speech
And then he entered into the conflict 's thickets , understanding claims from both sides .
He said the United States " does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements " seen by Muslims as impediments to Middle East peace .
Watch as Obama seeks a " new beginning " »
" This construction violates previous agreements and undermines efforts to achieve peace .
It is time for these settlements to stop . "
Calling America's " strong bond " with Israel " unbreakable , " he said , " It is based upon cultural and historical ties and the recognition that the aspiration for a Jewish homeland is rooted in a tragic history that cannot be denied . "
He denounced the denial of the Holocaust and anti-Semitic stereotyping , and criticized anyone who would threaten Israel 's destruction .
Expounding on the plight of Palestinians , Obama said " it is also undeniable that the Palestinian people -- Muslims and Christians -- have suffered in pursuit of a homeland . "
" For more than 60 years they have endured the pain of dislocation .
Many wait in refugee camps in the West Bank , Gaza and neighboring lands for a life of peace and security that they have never been able to lead , " he said .
Watch Obama discuss the Israeli - Palestinian conflict »
" They endure the daily humiliations -- large and small -- that come with occupation .
So let there be no doubt :
The situation for the Palestinian people is intolerable .
America will not turn our backs on the legitimate Palestinian aspiration for dignity , opportunity and a state of their own . "
Obama also denounced Palestinian violence and the rejection by some of Israeli existence -- both seen by Israel as obstacles to peace .
The president conjured the lessons of America 's civil rights movement when he urged Palestinians to " abandon violence . "
" Resistance through violence and killing is wrong , and it does not succeed .
For centuries , black people in America suffered the lash of the whip as slaves and the humiliation of segregation , " he said .
" It was not violence that won full and equal rights .
It was a peaceful and determined insistence upon the ideals at the center of America 's founding . "
The conflict , Obama said , needs to be seen from a larger perspective , not from the viewpoint of one side or another .
And both sides must live up to the responsibilities of the moribund " road map " peace process , he said .
Watch CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Obama 's message of detente »
He added that the Hamas movement -- which controls Gaza -- and has some support among Palestinians must end violence and recognize past agreements .
He also urged Arab states to no longer use the conflict to distract their peoples from other problems .
" The only resolution is for the aspirations of both sides to be met through two states , where Israelis and Palestinians each live in peace and security , " he said .
Obama talked about the importance of confronting violent extremism , touching on the fight against the Taliban and al Qaeda after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States .
Emphasizing the fact that the United States entered Afghanistan by " necessity " and not " choice , " he countered the stances of some " who " question or justify the events of 9/11 . "
" But let us be clear : Al Qaeda killed nearly 3,000 people on that day .
The victims were innocent men , women and children from America and many other nations who had done nothing to harm anybody .
And yet al Qaeda chose to ruthlessly murder these people , claimed credit for the attack and even now states their determination to kill on a massive scale .
They have affiliates in many countries and are trying to expand their reach .
These are not opinions to be debated ; these are facts to be dealt with , " he said .
Obama said the United States does not seek to keep its troops in Afghanistan or establish military bases there but needs to continue the fight against " extremists , " with both military power and investment in the infrastructure and economy of Pakistan and Afghanistan .
" It is agonizing for America to lose our young men and women .
It is costly and politically difficult to continue this conflict .
We would gladly bring every single one of our troops home if we could be confident that there were not violent extremists in Afghanistan and Pakistan determined to kill as many Americans as they possibly can .
But that is not yet the case , " he said .
He addressed the conflict in Iraq , calling it unlike Afghanistan " a war of choice that provoked strong differences in my country and around the world . "
" Although I believe that the Iraqi people are ultimately better off without the tyranny of Saddam Hussein , I also believe that events in Iraq have reminded America of the need to use diplomacy and build international consensus to resolve our problems whenever possible , " he said .
He said the United States needs to help Iraq " forge a better future and leave Iraq to Iraqis . "
" I have made it clear to the Iraqi people that we pursue no bases , and no claim on their territory or resources .
Iraq 's sovereignty is its own .
That is why I ordered the removal of our combat brigades by next August .
That is why we will honor our agreement with Iraq 's democratically elected government to remove combat troops from Iraqi cities by July , and to remove all our troops from Iraq by 2012 . "
Speaking about prohibiting torture and the closing of the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , detention facility , Obama talked about working on " concrete actions to change course " and correct abuses in the war on terror .
" Just as America can never tolerate violence by extremists , we must never alter our principles .
9/11 was an enormous trauma to our country .
The fear and anger that it provoked was understandable , but in some cases , it led us to act contrary to our traditions and our ideals , " he said .
Obama dwelled on the tensions over nuclear weapons between the United States and Iran and the " tumultuous history " between the countries .
He pointed to the U.S. role in overthrowing a democratically elected government during the Cold War era and Iran 's role in hostage - taking and violence against U.S. troops and civilians since the Islamic revolution in 1979 .
The president reiterated his desire to move forward with Iran on many issues , saying the " question , now , is not what Iran is against , but rather what future it wants to build . "
" But it is clear to all concerned that when it comes to nuclear weapons , we have reached a decisive point .
This is not simply about America 's interests .
It is about preventing a nuclear arms race in the Middle East that could lead this region and the world down a hugely dangerous path . "
The United States and other Western nations have opposed what they believe are Iran 's intentions to develop nuclear weapons .
Obama said that any nation , including Iran , " should have the right to access peaceful nuclear power if it complies with its responsibilities under the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty . "
He said such a " commitment " is at the treaty 's core and " it must be kept for all who fully abide by it . "
" And I am hopeful that all countries in the region can share in this goal , " Obama said .
All About Barack Obama • Egypt • Islam • Al Qaeda
The simplest schema for processing a list computes a single result from the contents of a list , treating every member of the list in exactly the same way .
For example , you might be adding up the numbers in a list , or multiplying them together .
Here is such a schema - we 'll call the predicate listSchema .
If you use any of the schemata in this article , you 'll need to change the name listSchema to something appropriate to the problem you are trying to solve :
Schema 1 : doing the same thing to every member of a list
% first the base case - figure out what should happen to the % empty list , and replace ResultForEmptyList with the % value that your code should produce for the empty list .
listSchema([ ] , ResultForEmptyList ) . % second and last , the recursive case - if the list is not % empty , then it has a first element , which is followed by the % rest of the list : listSchema ( [ First | Rest ] , Result ) :- listSchema( Rest , RestResult ) , compute Result given First , and RestResult .
ResultForEmptyList
0
Result is RestResult +
First
sumList
% sumList ( List , Sum ) adds up the numbers in a List that consists % only of numbers and binds the result to Sum. sumList ( [ ] , 0 ) . sumList ( [ First | Rest ] , Sum ) :- sumList ( Rest , RestResult ) , Sum is RestResult +
First .
This all works provided the items in the list are indeed all numbers .
Use the next schema for dealing with cases where this might not be so .
The schema above works provided the result being produced does not involve reconstructing the list as you process the items in it .
Schema 2 , below , deals with the case where the result is a new list .
Schema 2 : transforming every member of a list , result is a new list
% First the base case - figure out what should happen to the % empty list , and replace ResultForEmptyList with the % value that your code should produce for the empty list .
%
Often , the result for the empty list is the empty list again . listSchema ([ ] , ResultForEmptyList ) . %
Second and last , the recursive case - if the list is not % empty , then it has a first element , which is followed by the % rest of the list : listSchema ( [ First | Rest ] , [ NewFirst | RestResult ] ) :- listSchema( Rest , RestResult ) , compute NewFirst , the transformed version of First .
For example , if we are starting with a list of numbers , and producing as a result the list of squares of those numbers , then we would replace compute NewFirst , the transformed version of First with NewFirst is First * First .
So the final code in this case ( renamed as squareList ) would be
% squareList ( List , ListOfSquares ) binds ListOfSquares to a % list consisting of the squares of the numbers in List. squareList ( [ ] , [ ] ) .
squareList ( [ First | Rest ] , [ NewFirst | RestResult ] ) :- squareList ( Rest , RestResult ) , NewFirst is First * First .
A slightly more complex schema is for processing a list , but testing each item in the list for some condition , and doing different things with the item depending on whether it does , or does not , satisfy the condition .
This requires a base case , and two recursive cases :
Schema 3 : doing different things to the members of a list
% First the base case - again , work out what should happen to the % empty list , and replace ResultForEmptyList with the % value that your code should produce for the empty list .
listSchema([ ] , ResultForEmptyList ) . %
Second , the recursive case for when the item satisfies the % condition .
As before , if the list is not % empty , then it has a first element , which is followed by the % rest of the list : listSchema ( [ First | Rest ] , Result ) :- goal to test for condition , listSchema ( Rest , RestResult ) , compute Result given First , and RestResult . %
Third and last , the recursive case for when the item does % not satisfy the condition .
As usual , if the list is not % empty , then it has a first element , which is followed by the % rest of the list : listSchema ( [ First | Rest ] , Result ) :- goal to test that condition is not satisfied , listSchema ( Rest , RestResult ) , compute Result given First , and RestResult .
0
number
number ( First ) ,
Result
Result is RestResult +
First
not ( number ( First ) ) ,
Result = RestResult
RestResult
addNumbers
% addNumbers ( List , Sum ) adds up the numbers in the List ( and ignores % non-numbers ) and binds the result to Sum. addNumbers ( [ ] , 0 ) . addNumbers ( [ First | Rest ] , Result ) :- number ( First ) , addNumbers ( Rest , RestResult ) , Result is First + RestResult . addNumbers ( [ First | Rest ] , RestResult ) :- not ( number ( First ) ) , addNumbers ( Rest , RestResult ) .
More complicated cases , which need to look at the first two members of the list in order to decide how to handle the list , might need two base cases - one to handle the empty list , [ ] , and one to handle a list with exactly one item in it .
Another type of more complicated case might have more than two recursive rules , because there are three ( or more ) ways to proceed depending on what the next item is .
For example , you might want to ignore non-numbers in the list , do something with positive numbers and zero , but do something different with negative numbers .
You could do this with three recursive rules , which would use the three conditions
not ( number ( First ) ) ,
number ( First ) , First >= 0 ,
number ( First ) , First < 0 ,
respectively .
Yet another variant , see Schema 4 below , is where a list is being transformed into a new list , with members of the old list being transformed in different ways depending on whether they satisfy some condition .
% First the base case - work out what should happen to the % empty list , and replace ResultForEmptyList with the % value that your code should produce for the empty list , often [ ]. listSchema([ ] , ResultForEmptyList ) . %
Second , the recursive case for when the item satisfies the % condition .
If the list is not empty , then it has a % first element , which is followed by the rest of the list : listSchema ( [ First | Rest ] , [ NewFirst | RestResult ] ) :- goal to test for condition , listSchema ( Rest , RestResult ) , compute NewFirst given First , case where condition holds .
%
Third and last , the recursive case for when the item does % not satisfy the condition .
As usual , if the list is not % empty , then it has a first element , which is followed by the % rest of the list : listSchema ( [ First | Rest ] , [ NewFirst | RestResult ] ) :- goal to test that condition is not satisfied , listSchema ( Rest , RestResult ) , compute NewFirst given First , case where condition does not hold .
For example , suppose you want to take a list of numbers and bind Result to the list obtained by squaring the non-negative numbers and adding 1 to the negative numbers in the list .
In the first rule , ResultfForEmptyList would be [ ] .
In the second rule , the condition would be First >= 0 , and to compute NewFirst we would use NewFirst is First * First .
In the third rule , the condition would be First < 0 and to compute NewFirst we would use NewFirst is First + 1 .
So the final code in this case ( renamed as squareOrAdd1 List ) would be
% squareOrAdd1List ( List , NewList ) binds NewList to a % list consisting of the squares of the non-negative numbers , % and the successors of the negative numbers , in List. squareOrAdd1List ( [ ] , [ ] ) .
squareOrAdd1List ( [ First | Rest ] , [ NewFirst | RestResult ] ) :- First >= 0 , squareOrAdd1List ( Rest , RestResult ) , NewFirst is First * First . squareOrAdd1List ( [ First | Rest ] , [ NewFirst | RestResult ] ) :- First < 0 , squareOrAdd1List ( Rest , RestResult ) , NewFirst is First + 1 .
Other variants on this include where you ignore elements if they do n't satisfy the condition - e.g. to copy numbers and ignore non-numbers :
% squareOrIgnore ( List , NewList ) binds NewList to the result of copying % numbers in List and ignoring non-numbers . squareOrIgnore ( [ ] , [ ] ) . squareOrIgnore ( [ First | Rest ] , [ First | NewRest ] ) :- number ( First ) , squareOrIgnore ( [ Rest , NewRest ] . squareOrIgnore ( [ First | Rest ] , NewRest ) :- not ( number ( First ) ) , squareOrIgnore ( Rest , NewRest ) .
Plenty of other schemata are possible .
See also negation for why it might be preferable to use \+ rather than not .
See also efficiency for why it is important to do the test for condition or the test for not ( condition ) before making the recursive call .
See also notes on writing recursive predicates in Prolog .
Scientists in Liverpool working with some engineers from Ford , have developed an ignition system that ignites the fuel mixture with a laser instead of a spark plug .
Engines in their labs are currently running with the laser system .
The laser can be split into multiple beams which means it can have multiple ignition points , improving the chance of a complete burn , reducing emissions and improving efficiency in cold and damp conditions .
Part of the laser can be reflected back to provide information about how the engine is running , giving the computer the ability to adjust the air fuel mixture , also raising the possibility of better utilizing alternative fuels .
Ford says they will possibly use the system in their high end vehicles in as little as 2 years .
Although this is strictly an automotive system at the moment , there ’s certainly no reason this technology could n’t , at some point , be adapted for smaller engines such as those used in motorcycles .
Very cool technology !
Electric powered vehicles of all sorts are touted as the future but the old internal combustion engine just keeps getting better and better .
It ’s also a huge opportunity for anyone who wants to study and remain at the cutting edge of the technology , mechanics who refuse to learn and evolve will find their opportunities fading fast .
Link : Telegraph via Autoblog
Photo : Vernon Bryant / Dallas Morning News
The photo above , taken by Vernon Bryant for Dallas Morning News , depicts the bravery of Dallas Fire - Rescue officials warning residents of West Dallas of flooding ( and if necessary , rescuing them ) when a pump station failed ( Source ) .
It 's the staple stuff of newspapers - local news and such - so if you 're wondering why it's on this blog , take a closer look at the photo .
Go ahead .
Do n't see it yet ?
Take another look .
We 'll wait - you 'll get it ...
Editor 's note : CNN contributor Bob Greene is a best - selling author whose current book is " When We Get to Surf City : A Journey Through America in Pursuit of Rock and Roll , Friendship , and Dreams . "
Bob Greene says oldest Americans do n't deserve the anxiety they feel about the economy .
( CNN ) --
As the country frets about extricating itself from the financial mess , there is one group of Americans to whom the rest of us owe the most sincere words of apology .
That group consists of the oldest of our fellow citizens -- the men and women who went through the Great Depression when they were young , who fought and endured World War II when they were just a little older , and who had hoped for a sense of peace and tranquility in their final years on this earth .
They do n't deserve what they are going through .
You hear it again and again from money experts :
Take the long view of the economy .
If you do n't need cash from your stock market accounts in the next five to 10 years , leave it in there .
Time will heal our current woes -- the economy , even when it 's in tatters , runs in cycles .
Just wait it out and be patient .
Especially young people -- fiscal stability will arrive again in your lifetime .
You 'll see .
Nice words .
Yet they leave out that one group of people -- the people who have a right to be terrified when they are told the economy will only be brutal in the short term .
They leave out the people to whom the short term is all they have : our parents .
Our grandparents .
The men and women who never should have had to worry about their personal security again .
It 's never wise to generalize , yet it is safe to say that , as a group , the men and women who endured the Depression and World War II played it straight when it came to putting their trust in financial institutions .
They did n't try to game the system ; they did n't believe in esoteric money schemes .
As a group , they were cautious , because the two defining national events of their lives taught them that you can never really count on anything .
They watched their own parents suffer during the Depression , they went overseas for years on end when our nation asked them to save the world , and when they came home , to the prosperity of the Eisenhower years , they crossed their fingers and hoped the good times were not an illusion .
The mistakes and tricks and reckless gambles of the supposedly sophisticated masters of Wall Street have wounded these men and women , many of whom , before the last year , had never even heard the names of the men who ran the biggest investment banks and brokerage firms .
Which is why what those oldest Americans are going through is so unfair .
Once more , in a lifetime that has been filled with sacrifices , they are having to pay the terrible price for decisions in which they had no say .
For a while , after Tom Brokaw 's " The Greatest Generation " focused belated attention on the quietly heroic lives of our parents and grandparents , it finally seemed that the oldest Americans were being allowed to take a victory lap .
One of the points Brokaw made was that , for all the pain those men and women lived through , they seldom complained .
They just soldiered on .
That appeared to be the elegiac theme of their final chapter : a warm acknowledgment by us , to whom they gave a better world , that we understood and honored their steadfastness -- that we appreciated and were moved by the uncomplaining way they had made it through their hardest years .
We did n't realize that they would be asked to do it again , in 2009 -- we did n't realize that our parents and grandparents , the vestiges of their retirement income suddenly diminished and threatened , would be asked once more to stoically accept hardships they had done nothing to bring upon themselves .
Think of the disdain they must feel for the Wall Street titans who have hurt them .
When they hear about a brokerage executive who spends $ 1,400 on a wastebasket , their first thought undoubtedly is not that the man has taken advantage of his shareholders , or of the federal government .
Their first thought -- remember , these men and women were children of the Depression -- is that the man must be a fool , a complete and utter sucker , to pay someone $ 1,400 for such an item .
If you grew up having nothing , your contempt for such an idiotic expenditure is just about absolute .
And you wonder about a society in which a person who would spend money that way is expected to prudently handle the money of others .
All that the oldest Americans asked for , in their final years , is a sense of safety , of stability .
Twice in the nation 's history , they knew what it was like to go to sleep night after night with their stomachs knotted in fear .
What we as a country owed them was nights , at the end , when they never again had to feel that dread in the darkness .
Now they are feeling it , and there is nothing that we -- their sons and daughters , their grandsons and granddaughters -- can do to convince them that their fear in the night is groundless .
What they are being forced to go through now is -- in the most elemental sense of this word -- a shame .
I hope they know how sorry we are .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .
All About Recessions and Depressions • World War II • Retirement Planning
Tim Ferriss on Vibram Shoes from Kevin Rose on Vimeo .
“ The human foot is a work of art and a masterpiece of engineering . ”
— Leonardo Da Vinci
“ OK , dude , what ’s up with the goofy shoes ? ”
It was the second day of Pavel ’s RKC kettlebell course , and I ’d seen more than a few people wearing what appeared to be gecko feet .
The sheer goofiness compelled me to ask Rudy Tapalla , a Cross Fit instructor from Chicago , why on earth he would put these ridiculous gloves on his toes .
He seemed to have good mojo — he was shorter than me but had a vertical jump to match Michael Jordan — so I figured he might have good reasons .
He did , though I did n’t realize it at the time .
I remained a skeptic but tested them a month later .
Now , I have three pairs and find it hard to wear other shoes .
Vibram Five Fingers shoes ( “ VFFs ” to the die - hard fans ) are worth a closer look .
After two weeks of wearing them , the lower - back pain I ’d had for more than 10 years disappeared and has n’t returned since I started experimentation about 8 weeks ago .
Sound ridiculously implausible ?
It does n’t once we look at how feet and posture adapt …
Nasty Pictures and Maladapted Feet
Each human foot has 26 bones , 33 joints , and more than 100 muscles and tendons .
It ’s a surprisingly malleable structure .
From the cached version of the most excellent Nature ’s Magic Bullet , referred to me by Joseph Mascaro :
Most people , including doctors , have never seen a natural foot , unaltered by footwear .
The following images of habitually bare feet are taken from a study performed almost 100 years ago , published 1905 in the American Journal of Orthopedic Surgery , which examined the feet of native barefoot populations in the Philippines and Central Africa .
A line can be drawn that runs through the heel , ball , and big toe of a habitually bare foot .
The little toes spread naturally and fan out to provide a wide , stable base for walking or standing .
How do our shod feet compare ?
The following more common image , also taken from the 1905 study , demonstrates feet that are shaped like the owner ’s shoes .
No such line can be drawn , and the little toes crowd to a point — a comparatively unstable , narrow base for walking or standing .
The Simple Biomechanics of Bad Posture
Postural compensation is unavoidable while wearing shoes that elevate the heels .
It ’s necessary to maintain balance .
Chronic use of heels can result — and usually does — in some degree of kyphosis - lordosis and related pains in the lower back and mid-upper back .
Reversing Degeneration – Embracing the Barefoot Alternative
Vibram Five Finger models : KSO ( blue ) , Classic ( brown ) , Sprint ( gray )
Laboratory studies show that the plantar arch alone returns at least 17 percent of the energy of impact .
Running shoes have largely replaced our arches , but they are neither as effective nor as durable .
Barefoot runners can clearly do as well as shoed runners , but it takes time to develop the strength in the foot to use our natural arch fully .
( Source : The Barefoot Route )
Ethiopian Abebe Bikila ran a world - record 2:15:17 marathon at the 1960 Olympics in Rome .
Barefoot .
The unadorned human foot is built for running .
In fact , some researchers have proposed that bipedalism is an evolved trait related to “ persistence hunting ” , which is common among predators like wolves .
Do n’t think a human can run an antelope to death ?
Think again .
So how do we reclaim our rightful arch strength , our stability , and undo the damage of years of unnatural posture ?
Not to mention rediscover the joy of feeling the terrain under our feet ?
Going barefoot is one option , and one that I enjoy , but there are limits .
In the concrete jungle , glass and other dangers make going Bushman a roll of the dice at best .
Tetanus or a trip to the ER ?
I ’ll pass .
The Vibram Five Fingers shoes , to differing degrees , allow you to both walk without a heel ( as would wrestling shoes , Vivo Barefoot shoes , or thin flip - flops ) and condition toe - spread , especially the big toe , for lateral stability .
I first tested the KSO ( “ keep stuff out ” ) model , which fits most like an aqua sock and has more padding than other models I tested .
I then tested the Classic model , the least complicated of all , and the Sprint model , which is almost a hybrid of the KSO and Classic .
I wear a size 9.5 men ’s shoe in the US and tested EU 42 for the KSO and Classic , and an EU 43 for the Sprint .
The results , in brief :
My favorite model is , by far , the Classic .
It ’s easiest to get on , even with my worthless nub of a little toe , and it most closely mimics the true barefoot feel .
The only downside is that , to get a snug fit and not have the heel come off the foot , you must slide the top slip - tie until it is quite tight .
This will feel unusual for the first 24 hours or so .
I have used the Classic to go trail running in SF and it is euphoric .
I love the KSO , but it is more of a process to get on , and far more conspicuous .
At first , it ’s fun to get a lot of attention with the shoes ( gentlemen , you will not believe the “ peacocking ” effect of these puppies ) , but giving each person you meet a 5 - minute explanation gets old fast .
The Classic blends in more than the KSO or any model with straps .
Black will help all models fade into the ground , but I prefer colors .
The Sprint model was so uncomfortable at first that I shelved them , never intending to test them again .
It was the only model , and not due to size differences , that oddly pulled my little toe out , causing minor pain but great discomfort after even 10 minutes .
I sent an e-mail to their US CEO , who responded back with a suggestion to “ seat the heel ” , particularly with the Sprint model .
This means :
Slide your foot back to nestle your heel into the heel pocket .
It ’s important to get your heel deeply seated .
Secure the instep strap BEFORE latching the heel straps .
This will ensure the foot is positioned properly .
I have since been able to wear the Sprint model for 1 - 2 days at a time , no more than 1 hour of walking at a stretch , but the velcro strap can still bite into the skin without the KSO - like mesh below it .
I find it the least comfortable of the three models .
But what about flat feet ?
I had clinically - diagnosed arch problems as a child — flat feet supreme — and was prescribed not only custom orthopedic insoles but also exercises for the feet themselves , rolling up towels with the toes , etc. .
For those who like random anecdotes , my mom e-mailed me this addition after I published this post :
You did n’t mention that you leapt at the orthopedist examining your feet , like Spidey to a wall .
Sounds like me .
I was a little hellion .
But we digress …
Needless to say , the exercises fell by the wayside , and I took to increasing levels of support through the shoes themselves .
VFFs have been nothing short of spectacular for me , despite my history of flat feet .
Barefoot runners are often asked “ but what do you use for arch support ? ” , to which they respond : “ your arches ” .
I ’ve found that my arches , and foot as a whole , feels better with less support rather than more .
Cautions and Cons
- Do not overdo it at first .
Chances are that the ligaments and musculature of your feet is underdeveloped .
Use them for no more than 1/2 – 1 mile in the first 24 hours , then take a day off .
I suggest alternating VFFs with “ normal ” shoes or flat - soled shoes like Chuck Taylors for the first week .
I now use VFFs for no more than three days in a row , as I ’ve had some bruising on the heel with more , and such bruising is slow to heal and massively inconvenient .
Asphalt is somewhat forgiving , concrete much less so ( The Embarcadero in SF , for example ) , and marble or stone is brutal ( casino floors in Las Vegas , etc. ) .
- Beware the sizing .
There are complaints online of the VFF website sizing suggestions being inaccurate for some people .
Get sized at a retail location that carries VFFs if possible .
If you can ’t , check the VFF return policy on their site or order through Amazon to ensure swaps are simple .
- Be prepared to wash them .
VFFs are machine washable and should be air dried .
There are five - toed socks like the Injinji brand , but I have found all of them to be incredibly painful between the toes , no matter which model of shoe is worn .
I now only wear VFFs barefoot .
One nice side - effect of the toe separation ?
No more athlete ’s foot or foot skin issues .
In Closing
To embrace barefoot living or the barefoot alternative , you will have to change how you walk and run , avoiding the heel strike we ’ve all used since putting thick Nike padding under our soles .
No need to obsess , though , as your gait will adapt naturally — reverting to a natural state , as it were — as you avoid the discomfort of doing otherwise .
The fastest runners have a style quite similar to that of a person running without shoes .
They absorb shock by landing lightly on their forefeet rather than on their heels , and their landing leg is beneath the torso , with the leg slightly bent to absorb impact .
…
According to exercise physiologist and Olympic marathoner Pete Pfitzinger , the key to starting out is to go slowly .
He advises walking barefoot for a few weeks to toughen up the skin on the bottom of the foot as well as the muscles in the ankles and feet .
Once you are ready to run , start with a mere five minutes , increasing slowly and running barefoot every couple of days .
From there , build to up to 20 minutes over a month .
After a few weeks of this , the feet and ankles will be stronger , thus reducing the risk of injury .
Possible places to train include sandy beaches and golf courses .
The barefoot running technique has been described as falling forward .
It has also been described as gently kissing the ground with the balls of your feet .
( Source : The Barefoot Route )
For those interested in developing the most efficient and low - impact running gait , I suggest starting with the Chi Running DVD ( skip the book , which gets into too much pseudo - Asian chi mumbo jumbo ) and moving to the Pose Method of Running book if interested in more specific details .
Experiment with rediscovering your feet and proper biomechanics .
If a few weeks can eradicate 10 + years of lower - back pain for me , it might just do something for you .
At the very least , you get to wear some goofy shoes that encourage you to wiggle your toes .
###
If you enjoyed this post , check out my latest book , The 4 - Hour Body , # 1 New York Times and # 1 Amazon bestseller .
You will learn :
How to lose 20 pounds in 30 days ( without exercise ) , how I gained 34 pounds of muscle in 28 days , how to go from running 5 K to 50 K in 12 weeks , and more .
You can also get the Expanded and Updated 4 - Hour Workweek , which includes more than 50 new case studies of luxury lifestyle design , business building , reducing hours 80 % + , and world travel .
Other things you might not have seen :
Tim Ferriss in NY Times Styles : Too Much Information ?
Ignore It .
Tim Ferriss on Twitter – what I am doing right now ?
Tim Ferriss Investments – what have I invested in recently ?
Related and Recommended
The Tim Ferriss
Show is one of the most popular podcasts in the world with more than 500 million downloads .
It has been selected for " Best of Apple Podcasts " three times , it is often the # 1 interview podcast across all of Apple Podcasts , and it 's been ranked # 1 out of 400,000 + podcasts on many occasions .
To listen to any of the past episodes for free , check out this page .
Merkel - Hoffe auf baldige Fortschritte in Handelsgesprächen mit China
Bundeskanzlerin Angela Merkel hofft bis zum Jahresende auf Fortschritte oder gar einen Durchbruch bei den Verhandlungen der EU mit China über ein Investitionsschutzabkommen .
The new iQ3 , which Toyota announced at the Geneva Motor Show in March , is now on sale in the UK .
The iQ cubed adds a 98 bhp 1.33 - liter engine with Toyota Optimal Drive to the small car line up and the start - stop system helps the iQ3 get CO2 emissions down to 113g / km .
On the UK ’s combined cycle , the most efficient iQ3 , the manual with a six - speed gearbox , gets 49 mpg ( U.S. ) .
Even with a Multidrive CVT transmission , the iQ3 can achieve 46 mpg ( U.S. ) and CO2 emissions of just 120 g/ km … The manual starts at £ 11,495 while the Multidrive begins at £ 12,495 .
If you have more money to spend , four trims are offered that add things like chrome ( yay ! chrome ! ) and Bluetooth connectivity .
Toyota ’s iQ range is extended for the first time since launch with the introduction to the line - up of a 1.33 - litre engine .
The highly efficient lightweight unit , already successfully deployed in Auris , Yaris and Urban Cruiser is offered exclusively in the new iQ3 model …
This achievement is not at the expense of performance .
The engine develops a maximum 98 bhp at 6,000rpm and peak torque of 125 Nm at 4,400r pm .
Nought to 62 mph can be achieved in 11.8 seconds ( 11.6 with Multidrive ) and top speed is 106 m ph .
This underlines the fact that iQ is more than just a city runabout , giving a strong , stable and enjoyable drive at motorway speeds .
Matched to a compact , lightweight six - speed manual gearbox , the engine features Toyota ’s Stop & Start system .
This automatically cuts the engine when the car comes to a stop and the gear shift is moved to neutral ; when a gear is selected , the engine restarts quickly ( in just 0.4 seconds ) and seamlessly , thanks to the use of a permanently engaged gear mechanism .
In urban driving – iQ ’s natural environment – Stop & Start can yield fuel consumption savings of up to 15 per cent .
iQ3 is also available with Multidrive , Toyota ’s new stepless CVT ( continuously variable transmission ) …
The standard equipment features include automatic headlights and wipers , climate control , electric folding and heated door mirrors , Smart Entry and Start , auto - dimming rear view mirror , six - speaker sound system , front fog lights and a leather trimmed steering wheel .
Nine airbags are fitted , including the world ’s first rear window airbag , and the active safety package includes Vehicle Stability Control with Traction Control .
iQ3 is on sale now .
Just not in my neighborhood .
Or county .
Or state .
Or country .
Crap !
HEY THERE !
If you 're new to this blog , the cast of characters is in the sidebar .
Everything on here is fictional until proven otherwise .
Patricia sez ,
I am fortunate enough to teach children who have a variety of disabilities , ranging from Autism , Mild Mental Retardation , to Specific Learning Disabilities .
Many of my students come from low income households where even items as simple as crayons are not easily attainable .
It is rare that special education students get what they truly need in a system where budget cuts take away the most basic tools for these wonderful children .
Last year Cory adopted my class through Adopt a Classroom and I 'd like to make Boing Boing Readers aware of this wonderful website .
Whether you choose my class or another , 100 % of your tax deductible donation ( as little as $ 25 ) goes directly to the teacher and you are informed of every item purchased .
The budget cuts are worse than ever this year , but I know there are people out there willing to help .
I hope this does n't sound like an advertisement .
I am a teacher , with 2 California Teaching Credentials and a Master 's Degree .
I work for LAUSD , one of the largest school districts in the country .
Yet , if I do n't get donations or use my own money , my class does n't get things as simple as printer ink and crayons .
I also always make sure to thank my donors personally from all the kids !
There is something very striking about his patriotism .
It was laid out most obviously in his manifesto for a post - war revolution , The Lion and The Unicorn , but his love of England informs just about everything he wrote .
It is there like a defiant bugle call rallying us to appreciate kippers , crumpets , marmalade and stilton cheese in In Defence of English Cooking .
It is there like a comforting cup of tea in Decline of the English Murder .
Both belong to a time when – seen from this distance – English life appears to have been more settled , less commercial , more neighbourly and less racked by uncertainty of purpose .
You cannot read a piece like Bookshop Memories without immediately conjuring up the bad suits and rank smell of dead cigarettes .
They could not have been written about any other country on earth .
It 's been the better part of a year since the Large Hadron Collider — the massive particle accelerator operated by the European Centre for Nuclear Research ( CERN ) — was in the headlines , and even then it was n't good news .
The LHC has suffered from everything from poor craftsmanship to hackers to death threats from a paranoid populace — but it looks like the Device of Doom or Discovery will be back online and launching us into the future , or oblivion , by the time Santa makes his annual appearance .
The LHC — which runs Linux as at least a portion of its operating systems — courted controversy for most of last year , much of it focused on the predictions of a minority of — rogue ? — scientists who claim the device could spawn black holes which would subsequently destroy the Earth .
Though multiple safety reviews have been conducted , and luminaries including Lord Rees , Astronomer Royal and President of the Royal Society and Stephen Hawking — surely the world 's leading expert on black holes — have ruled such a scenario astronomically improbable , protests and legal challenges have been mounted in both Europe and the United States .
Though the collider was finally brought online in September , scientists were forced to cease experiments only days later after the device was damaged in a chain reaction caused by a poorly - welded joint .
For the more technically minded :
A fault in a copper bus - bar caused a resistive zone , which then prevented the normal operation of a quench .
This caused an electrical arc , which punctured the cavity containing liquid helium used to supercool both the experiment and the magnets which direct and focus the particle beams .
After much inspection and repair of many of the collider 's 1700 joints , scientists report that the device will be ready to resume its experiments by the end of the year .
A September relaunch is currently planned , though the collider is well known for delays , which could push the resumption into October or later .
As the collider will be at least a year behind in its experiments when it resumes blasting particles at each other , CERN plans to deviate from its normal operation schedule in order to make up for lost time .
The collider will continue to operate from its restart date until enough data has been collected , regardless of how long the process takes .
Normally , the collider would be shut down during the winter months as the expense of operating the device rises dramatically due to significant increases in energy costs .
As one might expect , a massive particle accelerator does n't just plug into the wall — the LHC 's beams are estimated to be able to bore a 100 - foot hole in solid copper .
Despite the added expense , the collider 's operation will be paid from the normal CERN budget — funds allocated for its operation have collected in the year it has been inactive , and will cover the cost of the winter operation .
A number of additional safety features have been added to provide better warnings of the kind of malfunctions that caused the collider to be deactivated , and numerous repairs have been made to areas of poor workmanship .
One hopes that in the interim , additional security has been applied to the software - side of the LHC , to prevent a repeat of last year 's successful hacking , which saw an anonymous group calling themselves the " Geek Security Team " gain just one level of access removed from that needed to disable portions of the LHC .
As we said at the time , if the LHC does suck us all into oblivion , it should n't be script kiddies behind it .
I had an interesting conversation today with a few friends about the exodus of young people from the workplace back to school during this recession .
It seems as though people in Generation Y are bailing left and right on current jobs and diving back under the safe covers of academia .
And who can blame them ?
You get to work on interesting research ( hopefully ) , you get a stipend ( maybe ) and you have better prospects when you ’re all done ( eh , doubtful ) .
But that leads me to ask , “ Who ’s going to do all the work when the economy is in full swing again ? ”
Let ’s survey the current demographics , starting from the top :
The bosses —
Not to sound deriding , but they are n’t doing the type of work I ’m talking about here .
The never have and never will … mostly because they actually have better things to do .
For real .
They have to meet with other big wigs and figure out where to steer the company and where the market is going and hopefully how to react in time .
The work I talk about is more a “ down - in - the - trenches ” kind of work and I never really expected them to do that kind of work , just thought it was necessary to actually start at the top .
— Not to sound deriding , but they are n’t doing the type of work I ’m talking about here .
The never have and never will … mostly because they actually have better things to do .
For real .
They have to meet with other big wigs and figure out where to steer the company and where the market is going and hopefully how to react in time .
The work I talk about is more a “ down - in - the - trenches ” kind of work and I never really expected them to do that kind of work , just thought it was necessary to actually start at the top .
The elders —
The elders are those who are n’t necessarily in charge but those that have been around for a long time and really understand how a company or industry works .
They wo n’t be doing the work when the economy recovers … because they ’ll be retiring .
Think about it .
How many people were likely planning on retiring in 2008 onwards who suddenly saw their investments vaporize ?
No , they decided they better stick it out .
And though they wo n’t see a huge return to the days where their portfolios were bulging , I would venture a guess that if the conditions are good enough and they feel that they can squeak by on portfolio growth after they retire , a lot will take the out .
If you ’re pushing into your 70s , I ’m guessing you ’re ready for a break .
Even if they stay on part time , they wo n’t be doing the grunt work .
— The elders are those who are n’t necessarily in charge but those that have been around for a long time and really understand how a company or industry works .
They wo n’t be doing the work when the economy recovers … because they ’ll be retiring .
Think about it .
How many people were likely planning on retiring in 2008 onwards who suddenly saw their investments vaporize ?
No , they decided they better stick it out .
And though they wo n’t see a huge return to the days where their portfolios were bulging , I would venture a guess that if the conditions are good enough and they feel that they can squeak by on portfolio growth after they retire , a lot will take the out .
If you ’re pushing into your 70s , I ’m guessing you ’re ready for a break .
Even if they stay on part time , they wo n’t be doing the grunt work .
The smart ones —
The smart ones are those that drive ideas and new products .
Even though they may have been around and producing good work for a while , they are n’t allowed to go anywhere .
They are the geese with the golden eggs .
Where would they go anyway ?
The people in charge of promoting them would have to replace themselves .
Not likely .
So they will have to do some work still , but you can probably watch for this group eying the social security line on their weekly pay stub longingly and starting to stick a pinky toe out the door .
If you ’re looking for a technical mentor , get ’em before they ’re gone .
— The smart ones are those that drive ideas and new products .
Even though they may have been around and producing good work for a while , they are n’t allowed to go anywhere .
They are the geese with the golden eggs .
Where would they go anyway ?
The people in charge of promoting them would have to replace themselves .
Not likely .
So they will have to do some work still , but you can probably watch for this group eying the social security line on their weekly pay stub longingly and starting to stick a pinky toe out the door .
If you ’re looking for a technical mentor , get ’em before they ’re gone .
The middle —
The middle is all those people that were doing the grunt work 20 years ago and did a good job .
They may have run out of salary headroom and jumped over to management or maybe they needed a new challenge ( I can only imagine dealing with engineers or other similar underlings from a management perspective every day ) .
Either way , there ’s little likelihood they ’re planning on stepping back into lesser roles .
No , they have their eyes on the upper management jobs of the elders and the other aging boomers .
— The middle is all those people that were doing the grunt work 20 years ago and did a good job .
They may have run out of salary headroom and jumped over to management or maybe they needed a new challenge ( I can only imagine dealing with engineers or other similar underlings from a management perspective every day ) .
Either way , there ’s little likelihood they ’re planning on stepping back into lesser roles .
No , they have their eyes on the upper management jobs of the elders and the other aging boomers .
The lazy ones —
They were the ones on the team that did work every once in a while but in general only contributed when the workload really picked up .
They were the auxiliary fuel tank of your company as an airplane–useful when you need it but really just weighing things down when not in use .
And although we know it ’s not really true , we have an inkling some of them got the ax when it fell last year .
Even if you were deluded enough to believe that all the dead weight in your company was gone , the ones in this category that are n’t gone are really good at two things : not doing work and looking like they are .
Count them out .
— They were the ones on the team that did work every once in a while but in general only contributed when the workload really picked up .
They were the auxiliary fuel tank of your company as an airplane–useful when you need it but really just weighing things down when not in use .
And although we know it ’s not really true , we have an inkling some of them got the ax when it fell last year .
Even if you were deluded enough to believe that all the dead weight in your company was gone , the ones in this category that are n’t gone are really good at two things : not doing work and looking like they are .
Count them out .
The young upstarts —
This group has a shot at doing some of the beefy work .
In fact , this group has the highest likelihood of doing the majority of the work .
I should mention I also feel as though I am a part of this group and therefore have a lot of interest in studying it .
“ What ’s that ??
Jim , Allison and Mark are all going back to school ?
Why ?
Trudy is going too ?
What the heck ?
Who ’s going to do their work ?!? ” , you say ( the answer : whoever is asking that question ) .
This newfound love of the classroom is the other reason I am interested in my own demographic .
We ’re all jumping ship hoping to leapfrog into the next part of our career !
There does n’t seem to be any paying of dues , does there ?
Welp , that ’s because there is n’t .
But you ca n’t do anything about it because everyone in this demographic is back in classes learning about managerial accounting or tort law and not actually doing any work .
Now the real question : when everyone pops out of school at the end of the recession , who will be better prepared ?
MBA Marty or Experienced Eddy ?
I ’d be inclined to say the second , but again , I ’m biased here .
If you ’re in this group and not going back to school , expect more work coming your way .
Lawyer Larry is busy studying .
— This group has a shot at doing some of the beefy work .
In fact , this group has the highest likelihood of doing the majority of the work .
I should mention I also feel as though I am a part of this group and therefore have a lot of interest in studying it .
“ What ’s that ??
Jim , Allison and Mark are all going back to school ?
Why ?
Trudy is going too ?
What the heck ?
Who ’s going to do their work ?!? ” , you say ( the answer : whoever is asking that question ) .
This newfound love of the classroom is the other reason I am interested in my own demographic .
We ’re all jumping ship hoping to leapfrog into the next part of our career !
There does n’t seem to be any paying of dues , does there ?
Welp , that ’s because there is n’t .
But you ca n’t do anything about it because everyone in this demographic is back in classes learning about managerial accounting or tort law and not actually doing any work .
Now the real question : when everyone pops out of school at the end of the recession , who will be better prepared ?
MBA Marty or Experienced Eddy ?
I ’d be inclined to say the second , but again , I ’m biased here .
If you ’re in this group and not going back to school , expect more work coming your way .
Lawyer Larry is busy studying .
The new grads — Quick !
We ’re running out of people that have any interest in engineering and menial tasks !
Get me some workers !
“ Waaaaaait a second , ” says Bob the manager .
“ All we ’ve got is the new grads .
There ’s no way I ’m hiring them without any experience . ”
Well Bob , too bad , you ’re running out of options .
Just hire these new kids and try and push them to learn faster and work harder .
And do this even though those new grads have higher expectations of what employers will give them and the hours they are asked to work .
You ’ll probably end up giving it to them too , because what other options do you have ?
— Quick !
We ’re running out of people that have any interest in engineering and menial tasks !
Get me some workers !
“ Waaaaaait a second , ” says Bob the manager .
“ All we ’ve got is the new grads .
There ’s no way I ’m hiring them without any experience . ”
Well Bob , too bad , you ’re running out of options .
Just hire these new kids and try and push them to learn faster and work harder .
And do this even though those new grads have higher expectations of what employers will give them and the hours they are asked to work .
You ’ll probably end up giving it to them too , because what other options do you have ?
The overseas workers —
Well , there ’s your answer .
It ’s really been more of a circular process , figuring out who will be doing all the work .
Think about what ’s been said and how people have reacted .
“ Foreign labor is taking all of our jobs ! ” , the workers said at the beginning .
Then they thought , “ Oh !
I better go back to school and learn how to manage people overseas and the remaining labor in the US ! ” .
Then they get out of school three years later , lobby for a shiny new management position and ask “ Ok , where are my underlings ?
Hunh ?
No underlings ?!?
Well crap , hire more foreign workers , we need to get this project out the door ! ” .
Lather , rinse , repeat .
I want to be clear about a few things .
First , I do n’t disagree with going back to school .
I plan on doing it myself some day , in some capacity .
I just disagree with the timing .
I liken going back now to pulling all your investments out of the market at the lowest point back in March ( maybe to pay for school ? ) .
You remove yourself from the market at a time when the most growth can occur .
You remove yourself from situations that include working long hours on hard work but it ’s with a team that affords you more responsibilities .
I feel that the next few years will provide some great opportunities for innovation and growth in certain positions and companies .
Second , I realize that some people are going back to revamp skills , especially when they feel that they cannot find employment .
This is understandable and expected based on enrollment numbers from past recessions .
I would only remind these people to remember to keep up their real - world skills so they can be hired right out of school .
Academia does n’t have room to hold onto you and they have a similar hierarchy as above except for one catch : those tenured professors do n’t plan on giving up their cushy position until they are forced to or decide to leave on their own .
If you do choose the academic track , get a comfy couch to wait / sleep / eat / live on .
Finally , I ’d like to speak to my targeting of MBA and Law degrees .
It ’s not that I think they are n’t important , because I feel that a lot of really important concepts are taught in both management and law classes .
I mostly take offense to the idea of you being my boss in 5 years because of a piece of paper .
I respect the people around me who are working hard and have better vision than I do to tell me what to do .
If you plan on “ managing ” me without first working by my side or in a similar position , expect to work extra hard to gain my respect .
I believe the solution here is what a lot of people are actually doing : sitting tight and getting some work done .
You need to continue to show your company you are a valuable and contributing member while maintaining boundaries on how many peoples ’ work you are willing to do .
It sometimes seems bleak when you see others stagnating in their career progression right in front of or next to you .
However , I believe hard work and tangible results will be the true indicator or advancement and success whenever the economy rebounds .
If you think your hard work should go towards a more noble cause , strike out on your own .
If companies end up short on talent when the economy comes back , a savvy consultant could be flexible and fluid enough to be exactly the solution customers and companies are looking for .
What about you ?
What category do you feel like you fall into ?
Take the poll below or leave a note in the comments !
[ poll id = ” 3 ″ ]
What to do when a Windows update wipes out your personalizations
American forces may have to focus the counterinsurgency skills they have gained in Iraq and Afghanistan on the threat posed by North Korea .
The American general leading US forces in South Korea told the South Korean military this week that " our enemies " are beefing up their guerilla warfare capabilities and would likely use improvised explosive devices and similar tactics if a ground war broke out .
Gen .
Walter " Skip " Sharp said that means the South Korean military should prepare by conducting as much realistic training as possible – likely with the aid of the US .
" I believe we will face IEDs and insurgent forces in addition to large conventional attacks , " said General Sharp in remarks there Tuesday .
" We must immediately begin preparing both ROK [ Republic of Korea ] and US forces to improve our capabilities in these areas . "
Sharp did n't mention the " thinking enemy " by name until the end of his prepared remarks .
" North Korea is watching and I am convinced that discussing and demonstrating the strength , capabilities , and leadership of the ROK army is the best deterrence . "
Few experts envision an all - out ground war on the Korean peninsula .
Yet they believe that countries taking on the US or its allies , if they are at a clear military disadvantage , are likely to begin to adapt the kinds of insurgent tactics effective in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Tensions have risen between North Korea and the international community as the nuclear - armed nation continues its saber - rattling and provocative rhetoric .
This week , North Korea said it would " wipe out the aggressors on the globe once and for all " if the US began a war .
Meanwhile , the US Navy is tailing a North Korean cargo ship , the Kang Nam , suspected of carrying weaponry or materials forbidden under a UN Security Council Resolution passed earlier this month .
The resolution does not authorize the US or another navy to forcibly board the ship – an act the North has said it would consider an act of war .
One of the North 's few military strengths lies in its inventory of ballistic missiles .
But the North does possess a reasonably effective special - forces component , says Victor Cha , a former member of the National Security Council under President Bush and now a senior advisor at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , a think tank in Washington .
" There is always concern that in some sort of situation like that , there could be a terrorist incident by special forces or the use of dirty bombs , " says Mr. Cha .
Cha is doubtful that the North 's military could create an insurgency of much note , since that would require it to push deep into the South to Seoul to have an effect .
The North 's use of insurgent tactics would likely be more conceivable if the South invaded the North , he said .
WWDC 2009 Wrap -Up
Across the street from Moscone West on the first day of WWDC , there remained banners from Sun ’s JavaOne conference the week prior — a touching reminder that times and fortunes change , and that annual conferences often serve as markers of the state of the industry .
JavaOne is an enormous conference .
Apple reported 5,200 WWDC attendees this year , and , to me , it once again felt more crowded than ever before .
Sun reported three times as many attendees for JavaOne .
Comparing any two conferences , especially long - standing ones such as JavaOne and WWDC , is apples - to - oranges , but there ’s no denying that JavaOne has been at least as big a deal for Sun ’s developer community as WWDC has been for Apple’s .
But now that Sun is in the midst of being folded into Oracle , it ’s an open question as to whether there will even be another JavaOne .
Even if there is another , it will surely be different , coming as it must in a future where Sun is a subsidiary of Oracle rather than a standalone industry titan .
( As a complete outsider to the Sun and Java communities , I found Tim Bray ’s elegiac JavaOne coverage to be compelling . )
To crudely paraphrase Dylan , a conference not busy being born is busy dying .
WWDC is busy being born .
The gestalt of the conference , and of Apple ’s developer community , is very much in flux .
Not just changing but growing .
Between the Newton and iPhone eras , WWDC was effectively a Mac developer conference .
That ’s no longer the case , and with each passing year there ’s a palpable difference to the vibe .
( And it ’s not just because of the iPhone , either .
There are now a series of good sessions each year for web developers targeting WebKit . )
Two years ago , on the cusp of the iPhone ’s release , was the last of the mostly - all - Mac WWDCs .
The vibe that year boiled down to “ I hope they let us write native apps for this thing . ”
Both this year and last , there have been single sessions whose titles epitomized that year ’s conference .
Last year , the first year with an iPhone development track , that session was titled “ Intro to Mac OS X ” .
It ’s hard to imagine such a session title even one year earlier at WWDC , but I walked by that session last year just to see how crowded it was , and the line to get in ran out the door and down the hall all the way to the escalators .
They had to turn people away .
( Apple replayed the session on video later in the week and the replay filled to capacity , too . )
This year , the emblematic session was titled “ Mac Programming for iPhone Developers ” .
I ’m not even sure what to say about that , other than to confirm that anecdotal evidence suggests that new - to - Apple iPhone developers are indeed very much interested in developing for the Mac now , too .
On the whole , there was a palpable sense that the iPhone is a peer to the Mac in Apple ’s eyes .
This is n’t about counting how many sessions were devoted to each .
Nor is it an indication that the Mac as a platform is slowing .
Quite the opposite in fact —
Apple is selling more Macs than ever , and , knock on wood , there ’s a strong consensus amongst developers that Snow Leopard is going to be the best release of Mac OS X yet .
It ’s simply that for however fast the Mac is growing , the iPhone is growing far faster .
But the two platforms are symbiotically intertwined .
The Monday schedule at WWDC is static .
In the morning comes the keynote , which the press attends and where all public announcements are made .
After lunch , though , there comes what is effectively a second keynote , this time with material aimed squarely at developers .
A technical keynote , as compared to the morning ’s marketing keynote , if you will .
This technical keynote has for as long as I can remember been titled “ Mac OS X State of the Union ” .
This year the title changed to “ Core OS State of the Union ” .
Hence the symbiosis :
Apple now has two full - fledged developer platforms , Mac OS X and iPhone OS , derived from one core system .
Neither felt more important than the other this year at WWDC , which is remarkable considering that one of them had n’t even shipped two years ago .
But look at their vectors — their relative rates of growth — and ponder how much longer until WWDC begins to feel like an iPhone developer conference with a Mac developer track .
My answer : next year .
In other words , I think it will have taken just three years for the iPhone to supplant the Mac as Apple ’s primary platform .
By 2011 it will be obvious .
It ’s simply a matter of users .
During Phil Schiller ’s keynote , he showed a graph of the “ OS X ” user base over time , with steady growth over the first part of this decade followed by a sharp jump from 25 to 75 million over the past two years .
This figure was widely mis-cited , however , as showing growth in “ Mac OS X ” users .
It did not .
The graph said “ OS X ” , not “ Mac OS X ” , and what Apple meant to show were the combined number of users of Mac OS X and iPhone OS .
It was a very misleading and poorly - designed chart .
The other relevant number from the keynote : 40 million total iPhones and iPod Touches sold to date .
Clearly that ’s not quite the same thing as 40 million iPhone OS users , given that some of us have already bought several devices , but it ’s in the ballpark .
So , as of last week , Apple estimates that there are about the same number of iPhone OS users as Mac OS X users .
Now consider what those numbers will look like a year from now , 12 months after the iPhone ’s entry price dropped to $ 99 .
Professional female athletes and ballerinas suffer from serious health issues four times more often than average women do .
What is the reason behind this and how can they avoid it ?
Blood tests examining hormone levels showed that :
36 % of the examined athletes and ballerinas were having irregular meals ,
77 % were getting not enough calories ,
, 27 % were missing their periods for six months or longer ,
23 % were having inadequate bone mass ,
64 % showed abnormal enlargement of arteries in response to blood flow .
In addition , 86 % of the participants had one or more signs of poor health , while 14 % have all 5 adverse symptoms .
The study , which involved runners aged between 18 and 35 , also determined that female athletes often have amenorrhea , vascular system dysfunction , abnormal hormonal profile , early development of cardiovascular disorders and reduction absorption of oxygen .
Doctors estimate that 44 % of female athletes develop amenorrhea due to the intense physical training .
According to medics , if ballerinas and female athletes want to reduce the negative effects of their careers on their health , and prevent irregularities in the menstrual cycle and cardiovascular dysfunction , they should take special vitamin supplements , folic acid in particular .
Folic acid is essential for production of normal red blood cells and protection against anemia .
The study was conducted by American scientists from the Medical College of Wisconsin and Marquette University .
Source of the image : flickr.com/photos/will_hopkins .
Are you in the UK ?
You can catch up on past programmes by visiting BBCiPlayer ( not available outside the UK ) .
The Argentine Forensic Anthropology Team ( Equipo Argentino de Antropología Forense , EAAF ) made a breakthrough this week by identifying 42 corpses pertaining to Argentine citizens who had disappeared during the military dictatorship that ruled the country from 1976 to 1983 .
The findings were made possible by matching the DNA of 598 different remains with 5,000 blood samples .
The identification of the 42 bodies is part of the Iniciativa Latinoamericana para la Identificación de Personas Desaparecidas ( The Latin American Initiative for the Identification of Missing People ) project launched in 2007 , which has the financial support of the Argentine government and the collaboration of other Latin American forensic organizations and the Bode Technology Group .
For over 20 years the EAAF has devoted itself to finding people that went missing during the dictatorship ( estimated at more than 30,000 people ) , and has identified over 300 victims .
*** Read more expansive coverage of this topic in a forthcoming article on forensic anthropology by Matthew Aho , to be featured in the Summer 2009 edition of Americas Quarterly .
Check with your local newsstand for availability .
Any opinions expressed in this piece do not necessarily reflect those of Americas Quarterly or its publishers .
( CNN ) --
The families of two U.S. journalists sentenced to 12 years of hard labor in North Korea pleaded for clemency , urging the communist government to " show compassion " and release them .
Demonstrators in South Korea last week call for the release of Laura Ling and Euna Lee .
Laura Ling and Euna Lee were arrested in March and sentenced after a closed - door trial for what the state - run North Korean news agency KCNA called the " grave crime they committed against the Korean nation and their illegal border crossing . "
They are reporters for California - based Current TV , a media venture of former U.S. Vice President Al Gore .
In a joint statement Monday , their families said they were " shocked and devastated " by the trial and sentence and urged Pyongyang " to show compassion and grant Laura and Euna clemency and allow them to return home to their families . "
" Laura and Euna are journalists who went to the China - North Korea border to do a job , " they said .
" We do n't know what really happened on March 17 , but if they wandered across the border without permission , we apologize on their behalf and we are certain that they have also apologized . "
In Washington , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters the United States is seeking the immediate release of the two journalists on humanitarian grounds .
" Obviously , we are deeply concerned about the length of the sentences and the fact that this trial was conducted totally in secret with no observers , " she said .
" And we are engaged in all possible ways , through every possible channel , to secure their release . "
The families said Ling suffers from an unspecified " serious medical condition , " and Lee has a 4 - year - old daughter " who is displaying signs of anguish over the absence of her mother . "
" We believe that the three months they have already spent under arrest with little communication with their families is long enough , " they said .
The United States has no diplomatic relations with North Korea , and Sweden represents U.S. interests there .
The Swedish ambassador told the U.S. State Department that no observers were allowed in the courtroom for the trial , and the ambassador was allowed to see them only three times .
Senior Obama administration officials told CNN that several weeks ago , Clinton wrote a letter to the North Korean leadership appealing for the journalists ' release on humanitarian grounds .
In the letter , officials said , Clinton told the North Koreans that the families were deeply concerned about the women and went into details on their personal situations -- that Ling has serious health problems and Lee is the mother of a young child .
There has been no response from the North Koreans , the officials said , and Clinton told reporters she would not discuss " private diplomatic efforts . "
But she said Washington views the case as something separate from the ongoing diplomatic standoff over North Korea 's nuclear arms program .
Watch how U.S. approach to North Korea could change »
Several senior administration officials said the idea of sending either Gore or New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson to Pyongyang on a mission to get the journalists released has been floated to the North Koreans .
No answer has come so far , but the expectation has been that once the trial ended , the North would accept a visit by either Gore or Richardson to secure the journalists ' release , the officials said .
Richardson was cautiously optimistic about the case on Monday .
iReport : Los Angeles vigil for journalists
" The sentence was harsh , but the good news in the sentence is it was not for espionage -- it was for entering illegally , hostile acts , " he told CNN .
Watch Richardson talk about " hopeful signs " in the case »
" The rhetoric of the North Koreans has not been terribly harsh against the two women , " he added .
Officials said if precedent is any indicator , and given the way the women have been treated -- staying in a hotel for the past few months -- it is possible the women will never see the inside of a prison .
Richardson traveled to the North Korean capital , Pyongyang , several times to secure the release of an American detainee in 1996 and facilitate the return of the bodies of POWs from the Korean War .
In the 1996 case , the United States paid the isolated communist state what were called " hotel bills " for his stay .
Officials said the issue of a possible payment to North Korea has not yet been discussed , but they said the United States would not be averse to playing along .
CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .
All About North Korea • Laura Ling • Euna Lee • Bill Richardson
Geek designs for home interiors are fast catching on and here is another doormat design with ‘ There ’s No Place Like 127.0.0.1 ’ phrase .
Only geeks would know that this number is nothing but IP address , and for geeks best home is one ’s own machine and one ’s own IP address .
On the contrary workplace IP could be hellish address too .
Either way ‘ There ’s No Place Like 127.0.0.1 ’ door mat is the best place to wipe one ’s feet or tap shoes to enter heaven of home or hellish office room .
These IP address doormats with Polypropylene surface and Vinyl back are sturdy , skid resistant and easily cleanable by sweeping or by vacuum cleaner or hose pipe .
The densely needle punched design enables greater dirt and moisture absorption .
The ‘ There ’s No Place Like 127.0.0.1 ’ doormat costs $ 39.99 at ThinkGeek.com and it is highly recommendable for office and home use .
One can also check out Computer Keyboard Doormat and iPhone Doormat , the other geeky designs for doormats for homes and offices .
Geeky minimalist stylish designs for home interiors must begin with doormats .
Israel attributed civilian casualties to collateral damage in legitimate action Israel committed war crimes and carried out reckless attacks and acts of wanton destruction in its Gaza offensive , an independent human rights report says .
Hundreds of Palestinian civilians were killed using high - precision weapons , while others were shot at close range , the group Amnesty International says .
Its report also calls rocket attacks by Palestinian militants war crimes and accuses Hamas of endangering civilians .
The Israeli military says its conduct was in line with international law .
Israel has attributed some civilian deaths to " professional mistakes " , but has dismissed wider criticism that its attacks were indiscriminate and disproportionate .
Amnesty says that some 1,400 Palestinians were killed in the 22 - day Israeli offensive between 27 December 2008 and 17 January 2009 , which agrees broadly with Palestinian figures .
GAZA REPORT Amnesty International report on Operation ' Cast Lead ' Download the reader here More than 900 of these were civilians , including 300 children and 115 women , it says .
In March , Israel 's military said the overall Palestinian death toll was 1,166 , of whom 295 were " uninvolved " civilians .
Pattern
The 117 - page report by Amnesty International says many of the hundreds of civilian deaths in the conflict " cannot simply be dismissed as ' collateral damage ' incidental to otherwise lawful attacks - or as mistakes " .
It says " disturbing questions " remain unanswered as to why children playing on roofs and medical staff attending the wounded were killed by " highly accurate missiles " whose operators had detailed views of their targets .
GAZA CIVILIAN DEATHS Children : 300 Women : 115 Men over 50 : 85 Civilian men under 50 : 200 Non-combatant police : 240 Total : 940 Source : Amnesty International
Gaza conflict :
Who is a civilian ?
Gaza case studies : Weapons use Lives were lost because Israeli forces " frequently obstructed access to medical care , " the report says .
It also reiterates previous condemnations of the use of " imprecise " weapons such as white phosphorous and artillery shells .
The destruction of homes , businesses and public buildings was in many cases " wanton and deliberate " and " could not be justified on the grounds of military necessity " , the report adds .
" All of those things occurred on a scale that constitutes pattern - and constitutes war crimes , " Donatella Rovera , who headed the research , told the BBC .
The document also gives details of several cases where it says people - including women and children posing no threat to troops - were shot at close range as they were fleeing their homes in search of shelter .
Israeli officials responded saying the military targeted only areas where Palestinian militants were operating , and accused Hamas of turning civilian neighbourhoods into " war zones " .
" We tried to be as surgical as is humanly possible in a difficult combat situation , " Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev told the BBC .
Human shields
The Amnesty report says no evidence was found that Palestinian militants had forced civilians to stay in buildings being used for military purposes , contradicting Israeli claims that Hamas repeatedly used " human shields " .
However , Amnesty says Hamas and other Palestinian militant groups had endangered Palestinian civilians by firing rockets from residential neighbourhoods and storing weapons in them .
It says local residents had in one case told researchers that Hamas fighters had fired a rocket from the yard of a government school .
The Israeli military has repeatedly blamed Hamas for causing civilian casualties , saying its fighters operated from buildings like schools , medical facilities , religious institutions , residential homes and commercial premises .
In the cases it had investigated , Amnesty said civilian deaths " could not be explained as resulting from the presence of fighters shielding among civilians , as the Israeli army generally contends " .
However , Amnesty does accuse Israel of using civilians , including children , as human shields in Gaza , forcing them to remain in houses which its troops were using as military positions , and to inspect sites suspected of being booby trapped .
It also says Palestinian militants rocket fire from the Gaza Strip was " indiscriminate and hence unlawful under international law " , although it only rarely caused civilian casualties .
Hamas leader in Gaza Ismail Haniya declined to comment on the Amnesty International criticism , but said : " We believe the leaders of the occupation state must be tried for these crimes . "
Thirteen Israelis were killed , including three civilians , during the offensive , which Israel launched with the declared aim of curtailing cross - border rocket attacks .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Danny Williams denounced a radio host for " pessimism and crap " during a testy on - air exchange yesterday morning that ended with the sound of the Newfoundland and Labrador Premier abruptly hanging up .
Earlier in the morning , Mr. Williams had announced a tentative deal to proceed with development of the Hibernia South oilfield .
In his opening preamble , Randy Simms , open - line host on the province - wide radio station VOCM , referred to the good news in the Hibernia announcement , but also questioned whether oil was taking attention away from other issues , such as the fishery .
Just over an hour into the show , Mr. Williams called in to express his displeasure with Mr. Simms .
" I can't understand for the life of me why when we 've now negotiated another deal here this morning that is going to put twice as much money and royalties in the province 's hands as we collected in 12 years on all three projects , and you got to find something wrong with it , " Mr. Williams said .
Mr. Simms countered that he wanted to raise a " challenging question " about the amount of government focus on other troubled areas , such as the forestry and fishery .
" We do n't need that kind of pessimism and crap coming out of your mouth in the mornings , I can tell you right now , " the Premier replied .
" You 're the reason that I keep going in this job because it 's the skeptics and the negative people in this province that have kept us , those lobsters clawed back in the pot year after year after year , but I refuse to listen to pessimists like you -- and we 're going to move forward and we 're going to do it despite you , " Mr. Williams told Mr. Simms .
" Now you have a nice day , thank you very much . "
Mr. Simms replied : " What was that all about ? " Mr. Williams said : " Goodbye . "
After a loud noise , the line went dead .
A spokesman for the Premier indicated later Mr. Williams had no comment .
Mr. Simms said later he was surprised by the " level of anger that [ the Premier ] displayed " in the phone call .
The radio host said Mr. Williams did not have any reason to be upset .
" It was n't anything personal that I was posing .
In fact , it 's a question dealing with the future of Newfoundland and Labrador . "
An eccentric and dogmatic inventor sells his house and takes his family to Central America to build a utopia in the middle of the jungle .
Conflicts with his family , a local preacher , and with nature are only small obstacles to his obsession .
Based on the novel by Paul Theroux .
Written by Keith Loh < loh@sfu.ca >
But now that Australia 's not - so - secret suburban law and order problem has become an international scandal , it 's remarkable how vigilant the police can be .
The Victorian commissioner , Simon Overland , was this week boasting about a " major crackdown " on crime , with uniformed police , rail transit officers , the dog squad , mounted police and the air wing to patrol the stations where Indian students have been mugged with impunity for years .
In Harris Park , Sydney 's new Little India , police were out in force this week as young Indians gathered to protest about the latest harassment by what they described as a gang of " Middle Eastern men " .
Regardless of whether the attacks on Indian students are racially motivated , or whether the violence is being committed by Middle Eastern , Caucasian or any other ethnic group , the fact is our governments and police forces have been turning a blind eye to it .
It seems that allowing our cities to become no - go zones at night is easier than enforcing the law .
Indian students in Sydney and Melbourne have simply decided they have had enough .
Saurabh , who has just completed a masters at the University of Western Sydney , has been aware of attacks on his fellow Indian students since at least 2004 .
In an email in response to my column last week , he described a bus trip from the city to western Sydney late one night when " a group of five teenage guys were troubling this lone nightshift Indian worker who was sitting in the front …
He did n't resist and just ignored them …
Right when they left the bus they spat on the Indian guy and ran away laughing . "
He says that in Harris Park , " muggings are a common occurrence " .
" I see the police as very vigilant only during protests like the G20 and the recent one by the Indian students …
Also , the traffic police are very vigilant in giving tickets .
But the normal police are not in giving public protection . "
It 's not just Indian students complaining about police inaction .
It 's young Chinese as well .
Yuening , for instance , a student from China studying at the University of NSW : " I can tell you that every international student studying in Australia is worrying about safety every day .
I think more than one - third of us would have the unpleasant experience . "
Recently , he says , two friends were robbed on campus , on the main road .
But he claims police " tolerate modest robbery " .
Murtaza , an Indian student , was mugged 18 months ago on a Saturday night about 8.30 in the heart of Melbourne 's CBD .
" They broke my nose and ran away and as I called the police little did I know that my complaint will be just going to deaf ears and blind eyes , " he said .
He went to the police station the next day but was told the offenders had not been found .
" I went to the police station two more times in the same week to get my complaint in , not because I expected the police to actually nab those guys , but just wanted a recognition by the law that such an incident had occurred .
But every time I went there , I was greeted by a different officer who told me that they were too busy .
" It 's funny how the police seem to be so busy , considering that such incidents keep occurring in various parts of the city , with the lawbreakers getting away on most of the occasions . "
Another Indian student , Ajay Kumar , who was at the Harris Park protest this week , says he is so afraid of being assaulted on his way home from work at night , he does n't go home .
" If I finish my work , I stay there , " he told the ABC .
" Why ?
Because I know if I come back , someone will smash me , someone will take my money .
I know .
Because I 'm not safe here .
Because Australian police is shit , fully shit . "
In a strange twist of fate , Superintendent Robert Redfern , the Parramatta local area commander who was hard at work at the Harris Park protests at midnight on Tuesday , was also police commander at Cronulla during the 2005 race riots .
We saw then the dangers of vigilantism .
Back then , Cronulla locals had been complaining for months that police were playing down assaults and menacing behaviour by what they described as " Middle Eastern " youths from south - western Sydney .
There was a protest , which turned into an ugly riot with racist violence against anyone who looked Middle Eastern , followed by revenge attacks as young men from the south - west drove to Cronulla damaging property and assaulting people , with police nowhere to be seen .
In Harris Park , the script is familiar .
Police play down crime problems , victims lose faith in the authorities to protect them , start to protest , take matters into their own hands , attack innocent passers - by .
So far there have been no revenge attacks but it 's unlikely police can guarantee they wo n't occur .
Devinemiranda@hotmail.com
The final returns are still being counted , but Sweden 's Pirate Party ( Piratpartiet ) has secured at least one seat in today 's elections for the European Parliament .
According to Sweden 's election authority , the Pirate Party has crossed the four percent threshold needed for a seat and currently has 7.1 percent of the vote .
" We have just written political history , " said Swedish Pirate Party leader Rick Falkvinge .
" Tonight , politicians have learned that doing what the lobby asks will cost them their jobs .
We 're the largest party in the segment below 30 years of age .
That 's building the future of liberties . "
With more than 700 legislators in the European Parliament ( see the complete breakdown ) , a vote or two wo n't do much to set the agenda .
But for a party formed only a few years ago with a narrow set of concerns , this is an excellent showing .
The Pirate Party has aspirations to be a worldwide movement , aspirations we discussed when we profiled the party several months ago .
But the Party has had trouble gaining traction outside of Sweden .
It was on the ballot in Germany this week as well , but only secured 0.9 percent of the vote there .
Still , that 's good enough to cross the 0.5 percent threshold for government funding of a political party , and it means that the German Pirates should be better equipped next time around .
Sweden 's Pirate Party has already grabbed some government funding for its youth movement , Ung Pirat ( Young Pirate ) , a move that did n't pass without controversy but has nonetheless continued .
The Swedish result makes the Pirate Party the fifth most popular in the country , and one of eight to have cleared the four percent threshold .
It also shows the pirates beating more established parties like the Christian Democrats and the Centre Party .
So get ready , Brussels and Strasbourg — their numbers may be small , but the pirates are coming .
And their strong showing among the young means that more will be arriving in the future .
By Jorn Madslien
Business reporter , BBC News
The value of military hardware manufacturers has soared .
Global military spending rose 4 % in 2008 to a record $ 1,464bn ( £ 914bn ) - up 45 % since 1999 , according to the Stockholm - based peace institute Sipri .
In contrast with civilian aerospace and airlines , the defence industry remains healthy .
" The global financial crisis has yet to have an impact on major arms companies ' revenues , profits and order backlogs , " Sipri said .
Peace - keeping operations - which also benefit defence firms - rose 11 % .
Missions were launched in trouble spots such as Darfur and the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
" Another record was set , with the total of international peace operation personnel reaching 187,586 , " said Sipri , or Stockholm International Peace Research Institute .
Growth industry
As the world 's aerospace and defence industry prepares for next week 's Paris air show centenary , it seems much of the focus is set to shift away from troubled civilian aircraft makers , which are struggling with reduced orders from recession - hit airlines , towards the companies that make fighter jets and other military hardware .
The top 10 global arms producers Boeing $ 30.5 bn BAE Systems $ 29.9 bn Lockheed Martin $ 29.4bn Northrop Grumman $ 24.6bn General Dynamics $ 21.5 bn Raytheon $ 19.5 bn EADS ( West Europe ) $ 13.1 bn L - 3 Communications $ 11.2bn Finmeccanica $ 9.9bn Thales $ 9.4bn Source : Sipri
The purchasing power of peace Source : Sipri .
All figures from 2007 .
In total , the 100 leading defence manufacturers sold arms worth $ 347bn during 2007 , the most recent year for which reliable data are available .
Almost all the companies were American or European .
Some 61 % of the total was accounted for by 44 US companies , with 32 West European companies accounting for a further 31 % .
Other companies were Russian , Japanese , Israeli and Indian .
" Since 2002 , the value of the top 100 arms sales has increased by 37 % in real terms , " Sipri said .
" The US presidency of George W Bush ... was a period of continuity in the arms industry .
This followed a period of consolidation in the 1990s and early 2000s . "
The US aerospace and defence giant Boeing remains the world 's largest , with arms sales of $ 30.5 bn during 2007 .
The UK's BAE Systems ranked a close second , with arms sales of $ 29.9bn , while Lockheed Martin was third with $ 29.4 bn in sales .
Big spender
The top 10 military spenders USA $ 607bn China $ 84.9bn France $ 65.74bn UK $ 65.35 bn Russia $ 58.6 bn Germany $ 46.87bn Japan $ 46.38bn Italy $ 40.69bn Saudi Arabia $ 38.2bn India $ 30.0 bn Source : Sipri .
All figures from 2008 .
The US remains the biggest spender , accounting for 58 % of the total global spending increase during the decade , though China and Russia have reduced the gap .
Both tripled military spending over the decade , and Russia " is maintaining plans for further increases despite severe economic problems " .
Military spending in the Middle East fell slightly during 2008 , but Sipri saw this as a temporary drop .
" Many countries in the region [ are ] planning major arms purchases , " Sipri said .
One exception was Iraq , whose military budget rose 133 % during 2008 when compared with 2007 .
" Iraq remains highly dependent on the US for ams supplies , with numerous orders planned , " Sipri says .
US military spending accounted for 58 % of the total global spending increase during the decade , with extra funds set aside to fight the " war on terror " .
In addition , the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq cost the US $ 903bn .
" The idea of the ' war on terror ' has encouraged many countries to see their problems through a highly militarised lens , using this to justify high military spending , " said Sam Perlo - Freeman , head of the military expenditure project at Sipri , or Stockholm International Peace Research Institute .
Trouble ahead ?
High levels of military spending can cause economic difficulties for even the wealthiest of nations , Sipri insisted .
" During the eight - year presidency of George W Bush , US military expenditure increased to the highest level in real terms since World War Two , " Sipri said .
" This increase has contributed to soaring budget deficits , " the yearbook states , pointing to how both the Iraq and Afghanistan conflicts were funded " primarily through emergency supplemental appropriations outside the regular budgetary process " , funded by borrowing .
" Arms companies may face reduced demand in the future if governments cut military spending in response to rising budget deficits , " Sipri observed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In a previous post on this blog we talked about using JavaScript to create video elements on the fly .
While that was a good use case for the Mozilla ’s support site in this post we offer another set of methods that will likely find more use on the web .
In fact you can see it in use on Mozilla ’s What ’s New in Firefox 3.5 video , this blog and we ’re starting to see pickup on the web as a whole .
The examples here should work with Safari 4 , Firefox 3.5 and IE using a flash fallback .
If you ’re looking for a complete example that includes support for the video element , quicktime , windows media , iPhone support , and finally flash support you might try checking out Video for Everybody .
It ’s been tested with a huge pile of browsers in different configurations and is a good start point if you ’re looking for support for everything under the universe .
You might also check out Michael Verdi ’s video tags with fallbacks article where he uses a much simpler , but somewhat easier to understand method .
A simple example
The video tag looks something like this in a web page :
What this does is insert a video element into your page .
Firefox 3.5 will load the video , determine its size and re-size the element to the natural size of the video .
Firefox 3.5 supports the Ogg Theora video format , a free and open standard for video .
Opera and Google Chrome will also include support for Theora in later versions .
Safari 4 can also support the same format when using the Xiph Quicktime component but is not guaranteed to be present .
Apple has licensed the mpeg4 format for use in Safari 4 and it is supported by default .
If you want to support both formats you need to be able to provide more than one type of format .
You also need to change the markup to tell the browser about the types of the files , which order they are preferred and then let the browser choose which one it should use to display the video element .
For our example the code would look something like this :
In this case the browser will first check to see if it supports the video / ogg video type .
If it does , it will use that and load it .
If it does n’t it will move on to the next entry , the mp4 file and use it if it ’s supported .
While most modern browsers have specific plans to support the video element , Microsoft has not made their intentions clear .
So in order to support IE users into the near future you should provide fallbacks until Microsoft adopts this part of the new HTML5 standard .
For our example we ’ll use a simple flash fallback .
One nice thing about the video element is how easily it degrades to older browsers .
If in the above example your browser does n’t support the video tag and does n’t support the source tag it will simple fall back to whatever happened to be included inside them .
This makes it very easy to support fallbacks in a very easy way .
Here ’s what a flash fallback would look like that uses blip.tv :
And that ’s it .
This example supports all browsers , degrades nicely and helps to move the web forward all in one blow .
HTML5 is n’t finished , but web developers can certainly start taking advantage of the features that it provides in modern browsers today .
The full example is embedded below .
Chicago ’s Undefeated Season Capped Off with Championship by Mike " Boomer " Burzawa
Another Receiver Tries out for Bears
Another Receiver Tries out for Bears by Mike " Boomer " Burzawa
With the sad and untimely passing of pitchman Billy Mays , there is a huge void in the informercial universe .
Fear not , night owls and couch potatoes !
There is one man that can fill the void without missing a beat – Da Coach , Iron Mike Ditka !
Ditka has an extensive resume that rivals any possible replacement .
Let ’s look back at some of Da Coach ’s commercials , endorsements and products .
Be sure to check out the video clip for Mike ’s Kick Ass Red – my favorite of the bunch .
In the weird and somewhat disturbing category , check out the Sega Commercial with OJ Simpson .
The Protector – you ’ve gotta love this classic spot with Dick Butkus .
Chunky Soup – Coach was way better than Mrs. McNabb could ever hope to be !
Sega Genesis – Check out the graphics on this system !
Ditka was good , but OJ killed it !
Scott Halftime
Flush – insert your toilet humor here
Levitra – with a nickname like Iron Mike , this was a natural fit .
Diana Pearl – whatever the hell that is .
Coors Light – two for the price of one .
Circuit City –
So what if they ’re out of business ?
It was n’t Da Coach ’s fault .
I blame Elway !!!
Not to mention his own line of products :
Ditka ’s Kick Ass Red – my favorite commercial of the bunch is the most low - budget of the bunch !
Ditka ’s Grille Pork Burgers – what ’s a party without some of Da Coach ’s meat ?
Mike Ditka ’s Hall of Fame Salsa – when I first saw this , I thought the sombrero had to be photoshopped in .
Upon further review …
I think Da Coach actually donned a poncho and sombrero .
He ’s committed to the role !
Cigars –
If it ’s good enough for Da Coach , how could it be banned in restaurants and bars ?
Supplements – in case the Levitra , wine and cigars do n’t get it done , try these .
Puts on new spin on “ Performance Enhancement Drugs ”
Ditka has come a long way from his humble beginnings in the early days when Papa Bear handed over the keys to the kingdom .
Besides all of the products , he ’s got the chain of Ditka ’s Restaurants , the Mike Ditka Resorts and countless other hot sauces , cheeses and specialty products .
I ’m sure if you asked Da Coach , he ’d probably take the most pride in his charitable work with Gridiron Greats .
I do n’t know about you , but I ’m buying whatever he ’s selling , gang !!!
Da Coach !!!
Follow me on Twitter at http://twitter.com/BearGogglesOn.
Sign up for your daily dose of Bear Goggles On .
It would be fair to call it unconventional .
Not every pastor encourages his or her flock to show up to church packing heat .
Or for that matter , participate in a raffle for a big gun giveaway during the service .
But not every pastor is Ken Pagano of the New Bethel Church in Louisville , Kentucky .
Pagano likes guns .
He likes guns so much that he asked his parishioners to come to church this evening armed like Sylvester Stallone in Rambo ( .50 caliber machine gun optional ) .
In all seriousness , Pagano did hold an " open carry celebration " tonight at his church .
That meant if you owned a gun you could bring it to the service ( provided it was unloaded ) as part of an effort , he says , to promote responsible gun ownership and firearms safety .
About 200 people took him up on the invitation .
It was n't mandatory to have a gun to get in .
In fact , according to the church website , you did n't even have to believe in God .
The only requirement was to be a supporter of the First and Second Amendments .
" We are wanting to send a message that there are legal , civil , intelligent and law - abiding citizens who also own guns , " Pagano said in welcoming the attendees .
" If it were not for a deep - seated belief in the right to bear arms , this country would not be here today , " he said .
This was an oft - repeated message for Pagano .
He 's been fielding media requests from all over the world since word of the service became widespread earlier this month .
All appearing to have the same question :
What are you doing ?
" As a Christian , I believe , and as an American this country was founded on the deep - seated belief in God and firearms -- without which we would n't be here today , " Pagano told FOX News earlier this week .
" There is nothing illogical nor immoral about being a God - fearer and a decent community - minded individual who believes in rights to bear arms and use firearms for self - defense if necessary or just for sporting purposes . "
OK .
But why hold the event at a church ?
" This event is not taking place on the Lord ’s Day , " Pagano explained on his website .
" This is not a Church worship service , where the focus is on Jesus and our responsibility to Him .
Rather , this is merely a Church hosted event , similar to any other event that any other Church may do to celebrate their heritage .
It would be our hope to see this event become a nationally celebrated , annual occurrence on the last weekend of June . "
Pagano said he got the idea after some members at his Pentecostal church expressed concern about the Obama administration 's views on gun control .
It 's not the first time Pagano has discussed firearms at his church .
According to the Kentucky Equality Federation , his sermon two weeks ago was titled , " God , Guns , Gospel and Geometry . "
Whatever the outcome , Pagano 's become a media sensation .
The New York Times has been live - blogging the event .
Yesterday , after seeing a sign on the front door of the library which said , " No concealed deadly weapons , " a reporter wrote , " It was kind of startling for someone who lives in New York City , where the guns laws are much more restrictive and there is no need ( or less of a perceived need ) for such signs . "
" But here in Kentucky , the gun laws are among the least restrictive in the country , which makes possible an event like the one tomorrow night at the New Bethel Church , where people will be wearing and carrying their firearms into the sanctuary for a celebration , " the reporter wrote .
------------
We support your right to follow us on Twitter !
Special to The Wall Street Journal
ATHENS --
As building locations go , it is unmatched .
What could present more of a challenge than to design a major new structure to stand at the foot of the Acropolis , revered as one of the great architectural achievements of western civilization .
That new structure is the Acropolis Museum , which after more ...
stereotypes + assumptions : straight male
This is generating a lot of extremely interesting discussion on my Flickr photo stream , so I thought you might like to check it out .
Last weekend I participated in a sex ed training exercise about stereotypes and assumptions regarding sexual orientation .
Remember , sexual orientation is n’t a choice — like , if you ’re straight did you choose to be straight ?
Anyway , as I wrote in my stream , this was an exercise where a fairly big group yelled out assumptions and cultural perceptions and stereotypes about different sexual orientations .
In a way , it was oddly like brand / label brainstorming .
And then we discussed the results across the gender and orientation gaps , which were really interesting .
For instance , I noticed that for ‘ straight male ’ the term “ father ” came out of the group , whereas it did n’t when we were on ‘ gay male ’ .
I also noticed that bisexuality is viewed negatively across the board in many ways , and while female bisexuality appears to be such a given perception and still is n’t considered orientation ( i.e. ‘ she ’s straight but experimenting ’ or ‘ she ’s * really * a lesbian ’ ) , bisexual men are invisible and practically regarded as a myth .
They ’re a sexual minority within a sexual minority .
Talk about thought provoking cultural perceptions .
The different handwriting / ink colors are because there were two people trying to write as fast as possible , and I noticed that when really negative things were stated , lighter more humorous things came out ( like “ 92.7 ” , a local gay dance radio station ) .
There are more after the jump , and if you click on the images you can get to larger versions that are easier to read .
stereotypes + assumptions : bisexual female
stereotypes + assumptions : bi male
stereotypes + assumptions : gay male
stereotypes + assumptions : straight female
stereotypes + assumptions : lesbian
Well , maybe not hate but a seething indifference definitely .
First , some perspective .
If you buy a new household appliance and power consumption is a concern , you look for the Energy Star label .
Simple .
For IT managers , it ’s not that easy .
The EPA expanded the Energy Star program to provide efficiency standards for computer servers ( PDF ) , a complicated procedure in and of itself .
Just look at the PDF - laden EPA page logging the comments of stakeholders where common concerns included CPU utilization reporting of OSes and hypervisors , the definition of blade systems and the absence of hard drives in a system .
Add this to the list :
It looks like Energy Star for servers and the enterprise class systems in which virtualization really shows its worth ( think multiprocessor , heaps of RAM ) are n’t very compatible .
SearchDataCenter.com ’s Mark Fontecchio explores the strange mismatch between virtualization and Energy Star servers .
Some data center managers will take a close look at Energy Star qualified servers , but only if they meet their needs .
Timothy Happychuk , the IT director at the Canadian media company Quebecor , said that “ smaller servers with [ fewer ] CPU cores and more aggressive ramp down technologies will naturally have an easier time gaining a coveted EPA sticker but would be a poor choice for high - density virtualization platforms as the technology currently stands . ”
The EPA is not completely oblivious to the issue fortunately .
From its memo to stakeholders ( PDF ) :
During the Tier 2 process , EPA plans to : review all specification elements and criteria for refinements ; expand the scope to include , but not limited to , servers with greater than four processor sockets , Blade Systems , Fully Fault Tolerant Servers , Server Appliances , Multi-Node systems ; and evaluate the potential benefits of a Net Power Loss approach .
In addition , EPA is exploring an approach to efficiency that reconciles the energy consumed by the system and the work being performed .
Well , as long as they ’re not sitting still .
Be sure to check out Fontecchio ’s article as he asks other data center managers ’ opinion of Energy Star , including one that makes the surprising admission that ’s he ’s under no power or cooling constraints for it to affect his IT procurement decisions .
Lucky him !
What If A Key Value Store Mated With A Relational Database System ?
Last night , the folks from the Grand Rapids ruby group were kind enough to allow me to present on MongoDB .
The talk went great .
I ’ve been excited about Mongo for a couple weeks now , so it was cool to see that it was n’t just me .
The funny thing is , at nearly the same time , Wynn Netherland presented on MongoDB to the Dallas ruby group .
We discovered that he wrote part 1 and I wrote part 2 of the presentation despite not working together on it so we ended up showing each other ’s slides as well .
I figured since I spent the time to throw some slides together , I might as well put an intro up here too .
First , the slides ( they probably wo n’t mean a lot as they were mostly outlines for me to speak from ) .
Intro to MongoDB
Ok , so what the crap is Mongo ?
I find the best way to describe Mongo is the best features of key / values stores , document databases and RDBMS in one .
No way , you say .
That sounds perfect .
Well , Mongo is not perfect , but I think it brings something kind of new to the database table .
Mongo is built for speed .
Anything that would slow it down ( aka transactions ) have been left on the chopping block .
Instead of REST , they chose sockets and have written drivers for several languages ( of course one for Ruby ) .
Collections
It is collection / document oriented .
Collections are like tables in MySQL ( they are even grouped in databases ) and serve the purpose of breaking up the top level entities in your application ( User , Article , Account , etc. ) by type and thus into smaller query sets , to make queries faster .
Documents
Inside of each collection , you store documents .
Documents are basically objects that have no schema .
The lack of schema may be scary to some , but I look at it this way .
You have to know your application schema at the app level , so why put the schema in the database and in your app .
Why not just put the schema in your app and have the database store whatever you put in it ?
This way , you database schema is kind of versioned with your application code .
I think that is pretty cool .
Documents are stored in BSON ( blog post ) , which is binary encoded JSON that is built to be more efficient and also to include a few more data types than JSON .
This means that if you send Mongo a document that has values of different types , such as String , Integer , Date , Array , Hash , etc. , Mongo knows exactly how to deal with those types and actually stores them in the database as that type .
This differs from traditional key / value stores , which just give you a key and a string value and leave you to handle serialization yourself .
Object Relationships
There are two ways to relate documents in Mongo .
The first , is to simply embed a document into another document .
An example of this would be tags embedded in article .
Let ’s take a look .
{ title : ' Mongolicious ' , body : ' I could teach you , but I would have to charge ...' , tags : [ ' mongo ' , ' databases ' , ' awesome ' ] }
As you can see , tags are just a key in the article document .
The benefits of this are that you never have to do any joins when you show the article and it ’s tags as they are all stored in the same place .
The other cool thing is that Mongo can index the tags and understand indexing keys that have multiple values ( such as arrays and hashes ) .
This means if you index tags , you can find all documents tagged with ‘ foo ’ and it will be performant .
Embedded documents work great for some things , but other things would n’t make sense embedded .
Let ’s imagine that you have an client document and you want the client to have multiple contacts .
If you embedded the contacts for the client with it in a document , it would be inefficient to have a page that listed all the contacts .
To have a contact list , you would have to pull out every client and collect all the contacts and then sort them .
Also , if a contact should be associated with multiple clients , you would have to duplicate their information for each client .
In SQL , you would have a clients table and a contacts table and then a join model between them so that any contact would be in the system once and could be associated with one or more clients without duplicate .
So how would you do this in Mongo ?
The same way …kind of .
In Mongo , you ’d have a client collection and a contact collection .
To associate a contact to a client , you just create a db reference to to the contact from the client .
Dynamic Queries
Yep , Mongo has dynamic queries .
It actually has a kind of quirky , yet lovable syntax for defining criteria .
Below are a few examples from my presentation which are mostly self - explanatory .
These are examples of what you would run in Mongo ’s JavaScript shell .
# finds all Johns db.collection.find({‘ first_name ’ : ‘ John’} ) # finds all documents with first_name # starting with J using a regex db.collection.find({‘ first_name ’ : /^J/} ) # finds first with _id of 1 db.collection.find_first({‘ _id ’: 1} ) # finds possible drinkers ( age > 21 ) db.collection.find({‘ age ’ : {‘ $ gt ’ : 21}} ) # searches in embedded document author for # author that has first name of John db.collection.find({‘author.first_name ’:‘ John’} ) # worse case scenario , or if you need " or " # queries you can drop down to JavaScript db.collection.find ( {$ where : ‘ this.age >= 6 && this.age <= 18’} )
You can also sort by one or more keys , limit the number of results , offset a number of results ( for pagination ) , and define which keys you want to select .
The other thing that is slick is Mongo supports count and group .
Count is the same idea as MySQL ’s count .
It returns the number of documents that match provided criteria .
Group is the same concept , but is accomplished with map / reduce .
To really get a feel for all that you can do with queries , check out Mongo ’s advanced query documentation .
Random Awesomeness
Capped collections ( blog post ) : Think memcache .
You can set a limit for a collection to a certain number of documents or size of space .
When the number or size goes over limit the old document gets pushed out .
For more info , see MongoDB and Caching
Upserts :
Think find or create in one call .
You provide criteria and the document details and Mongo determines if the document exists or not and either inserts or updates it .
You can also do special things like incrementers with $inc .
For more , read Using mongo for real time analytics
Multikeys : for indexing arrays of keys .
Think tagging .
GridFS and auto - sharding : Storing files in the database in a way that does n’t suck .
They have mentioned in IRC that they might even make Apache / Nginx modules that server files straight from GridFS so requests can go straight from web server to Mongo instead of traveling through your app server .
For more , read
You do n’t need a file system
How do I use it with Ruby ?
If you have made it this far , you are probably intrigued and are wondering how you can use Mongo with Ruby .
There is an official mongo - ruby - driver on GitHub for starters .
It supports most of Mongo ’s features , if not all , and gets the job done , but it is really low level .
It would be like writing an application using the MySQL gem .
You can do it , but it wo n’t be fun .
I ’ve even started giving back to the driver .
There are two “ ORM ’s ” for Mongo and both are on GitHub .
The first is an ActiveRecord adapter and the second is MongoRecord .
I took a look at both of these , and decided to write my own .
Why ?
Mongo is not a RDBMS ( like MySQL ) so why use RDBMS wrappers ( like the AR adapter ) ?
( like MySQL ) so why use wrappers ( like the AR adapter ) ?
I think the DSL for modeling your application should teach you Mongo .
for modeling your application should teach you Mongo .
Mongo is perfect for the website management system I ’m building and I just did n’t like the other wrappers .
Why would I want to build something with something that I did n’t like ?
It sounded fun !
MongoMapper
I started the Friday of Memorial weekend and was able to crank out most of the functionality .
Since then , I ’ve been working on it whenever I get time and it is really close to being ready for a first release .
That said , it is not public yet .
Do n’t worry , as soon as it is ready for prime time , I ’ll be posting more here .
So what features does MongoMapper have built in ?
Typecasting
Callbacks ( uses ActiveSupport callbacks )
Validations ( uses my fork of validatable )
Connection and database can differ per document
Create , update , delete , delete_all , destroy , destroy_all that work just like ActiveRecord
Find with id , multiple ids , : all , : first , : last , etc .
Also supports Mongo specific find critieria like $ gt , $lt , $ in , $ nin , etc .
Associations
Drop in Rails compatibility
So out of the features listed above , all are complete but the last two at the time of this post .
I ’m currently working through associations and then I ’m going to start making a Rails app with MongoMapper to figure out what I need for “ drop in and forget ” Rails compatibility .
I have a few other smart people helping me so my guess is that it will be out in the next two weeks .
Let me know with a comment below what you like and do n’t like about Mongo .
I ’m very curious what other Rails developers think after reading this intro and the articles I ’ve linked to .
I ’m stoked , but I ’m sure it is not for everyone .
Links
( CNN ) -- Federal authorities are searching for a man who has at least eight guns registered to him and has threatened to kill President Obama .
President Obama walks towards a car at the airport on Thursday in Dresden , Germany .
The man , identified as Daniel James Murray , is charged with making threats against the president of the United States .
He recently withdrew $ 85,000 from a Utah bank and told a teller : " We are on a mission to kill the president of the United States , " according to court papers .
Murray is originally from New York , but was seen several times in late May in St. George , Utah , making bizarre statements at a bank .
According to a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Utah , Murray opened an account at Zions First National Bank on May 19 with a $ 85,000 check .
" With all this mess going on under President Obama with banks and the economy , I 'm sure if citizens happen to lose their money , they will rise up and we could see killing and deaths , " he said , according to the criminal complaint .
On May 27 , he returned to the bank and tried to withdraw $ 12,000 , but lacked proper identification .
" Not to be disrespectful , but if I do n't get this money , someone is going to die , " Murray said , according to the criminal complaint .
A bank manager was summoned and Murray was allowed to withdraw the money without proper identification .
Murray would not accept a check and demanded bills no larger than $ 50 , the complaint says .
" We are 94 million miles from the sun , and are in between the sun and moon , and the eagle that flies between them and it's a giant step for mankind .
... I have traveled thousands of miles to be here and know things that are going to happen .
... the banking system will fail and people will die .
... there will be chaos in the world , " Murray said .
He then made his threat against the president , the complaint says .
The next day , Murray returned to the bank , withdrew the rest of his money and closed the account .
Authorities do not know where Murray is and said he has been seen driving a blue 2001 Buick LeSabre with New York license plate number ERL 1445 .
There are at least eight guns registered to Murray , including semi-automatic pistols and revolvers .
The president is on an overseas tour , having given a major foreign - policy speech in Egypt addressed to Muslims worldwide .
He is now in Germany .
All About Barack Obama • Utah
Newsletter $ 50 in free flags from FlagsForYou.com as well as our newsletter for promotions and specials :
Your Name :
E - Mail Address :
Note : Registered customers go to : Sign up to enter a raffle forinfrom FlagsForYou.com as well as our newsletter for promotions and specials :
Registered customers go to : Your Account to subscribe
Twelve people have been found dead in police custody in the northern Nampula province of Mozambique .
Police said the causes of the deaths were not yet known but they promised to launch an investigation .
The 12 were among 29 detainees accused of instigating violence this month in which two Red Cross workers died .
Two policeman were also killed when a mob attacked as rumours spread that health workers were responsible for spreading cholera in the region .
The district administrator , Bernardo Adriano , was quoted in the state media as saying that the prisoners might have attacked each other .
Human rights organisations have long accused the police in Mozambique of keeping prisoners in over - crowded cells under deplorable conditions .
Chlorine in wells
In Saturday 's violence at the village of Quinga , five other Red Cross employees were seriously injured and 33 workers fled the area , the organisation said .
It is reported that when a cholera victim died , bereaved villagers concluded the Red Cross was spreading cholera in the wells , when they were in fact adding chlorine to decontaminate the water sources .
A police statement on Tuesday said 29 people had been detained for questioning following the violence .
Later , a prison official , Floriano Sumane , was quoted on state radio as saying he had received information from police that 12 of the suspects died early on Tuesday during violence inside the cell they shared .
Everyone knows that the modern mobile phone is set up to do so much more than make a simple call .
From checking emails to locating friends , there seems little the latest generation of handsets can't do .
However – even in this tech - savvy age – the latest offering in iPhone apps has caused a stir .
For just $ 2.99 Apple is offering customers a service that allows them to find local marijuana suppliers .
The news has created a buzz online , as the world 's stoners contemplate carrying out online price comparisons between dealers in their local areas .
But before bongs are fired up in celebration it should be noted the new service actually aims to help people locate legal medical suppliers in the US , rather than the best place to get hold of a quarter of Moroccan black in the neighbourhood .
According to Mashable the app is a location - based service that takes the known locations of medical collectives , doctors , clinics , and organisations from three sources and aggregates them on a Google Map .
When activated it finds the nearest source of legal cannabis .
But even if you live in the right area of the US you need a licence allowing you to buy cannabis for medical reasons before you can take advantage .
However , for those not medically qualified to get their hands on marijuana the app offers an additional service , pointing users to the nearest pro-cannabis organisations , so they can join the campaign to promote reform of the drugs laws .
As Mashable says , the app's current features are n't revolutionary , but it does promise news updates , videos , and reviews in the future .
So it looks like smokers everywhere may finally have an app they can rally behind .
THE Green Left Weekly is probably Australia 's best - known radical - left newspaper .
While nominally independent , it is affiliated with the Socialist Alliance party and its youth movement Resistance !
Like most radical socialist groups , it invariably aligns with the anti-Israel movement .
For some time it has been apparent that an unholy alliance is growing between extreme left - wing groups and Arab and Islamic extremists , despite completely different visions for society .
This alliance has been on show in much of the anti-war movement in Britain and other places .
For instance , Britain's " Respect " party is basically an alliance of radical Muslims and old hard - line Marxists such as former Labour MP George Galloway .
Galloway was pro-Saddam Hussein before the 2003 Iraq war .
Today , he works for the Iranian government mouthpiece television station , Press TV .
But what is n't widely known is that the Green Left Weekly is openly promoting extremism among Arabic speakers in Australia through a monthly Arabic - language insert called the Flame .
This support is not limited to Green Left Weekly 's own far - left agenda .
It supports terrorist groups and promotes violence as the solution to the existence of the " Zionist state . "
You would think GLW 's declared pursuit of the advancement of " anti-racist , feminist , student , trade union , environment , gay and lesbian , civil liberties " would rule out the promotion of radical Islamist groups such as Hamas , which are deeply hostile to all the above .
Yet alongside content promoting the PFLP , a tiny left - wing and currently marginal Palestinian terror group , Hamas is also promoted by GLW as a positive model of " resistance " ; that is to say , terrorism .
Those killed as a result of the violence Hamas sparks are " martyrs " , terminology Flame shares with Hamas .
Further , the terminology of the Flame is openly hostile to the more moderate governments of the region and repeatedly demands all - out war on the " Zionist entity " .
The January edition of the Flame was devoted to the conflict in Gaza .
The cover page is a compilation of statements from various communist parties in the Arab world .
Predictably , the communiques incited its Arabic readers with imagery of " slaughter , " and a " waterfall of Palestinian blood washing the streets " .
More surprisingly , there are implicit calls for other Arab states to expand the Gaza war .
In " Hunt of a people " , the paper refers to the 1982 Lebanon war , indignant " Arab capitals stood watching , exactly as is happening now . "
The paper targets American - allied Arab governments for their moderation in the war , which it terms " collusion " .
The front - page article from the Iraqi Communist Party rebukes the Saudi government , Egypt , and the Palestinian Authority , which it disparagingly dubs the " Oslo Authority " .
The Mubarak government is condemned for being " a loyal accomplice to Israel and the Oslo Authority in their attempt to shut Hamas out " .
It also accuses the Saudi monarchy of having covert dealings with " the Zionists " stretching back decades .
Any non-violent interaction with Israel , whether actual or imagined , is scorned .
In the March edition the Flame was aghast at Egypt for co-operating with the US against Hamas .
Its expose was titled " Egypt uses American soldiers to prevent weapons smuggling to the resistance ! "
In the Arabic , " the resistance " is euphemism for terrorist violence and for Hamas itself .
Another article , " A return to principles is necessary after the Israeli aggression " , is more virulent .
An illustration shows a Palestinian imprisoned behind barbed wire shaped as a partial Jewish star .
The article condemns those calling the Gaza war a victory for the " resistance " , given the large proportion of " martyrs " from the Palestinian people in comparison to the " slim " number killed among " soldiers of the Israeli occupation army " .
The rest of the article is critical of the Palestinian factions for their internecine fight .
It criticises Hamas for abandoning its traditional position as the " resistance " against " the enemy " to fight the PA and calls for a " united Palestinian resistance " which will " return the benefit to the Palestinian people " .
It is clear that this unity will not negotiate peace with Israel , with the paper stating " this unity in battle must not fall into the trap of dialogue that the decrepit Arab regimes of the region are producing . "
The Flame defines Israel as " the enemy " and demands violent " resistance " while pouring scorn on negotiations or dialogue ,
It praises the assassination of a " Zionist minister " as " courageous . "
The radical anti-Israel stance of Green Left Weekly is no secret .
However , the message it pitches to the Arabic - speaking community of Australia is far more inflammatory .
Unbeknown to its English readers , it supports terrorist groups such as Hamas whose goal is to create a state where there would be no place for the gays , lesbians , feminists and trade unionists who read the English - language edition of the paper .
Ilan Grapel is a researcher with the Australia / Israel and Jewish Affairs Council .
Source : The Australian
For two years now , John McCain has been entirely consistent on Iran : every last statement he ’s made–at least , those that I ’ve seen –has been ( a ) fabulously uninformed and ( b ) dangerously bellicose .
He ’s still at it , apparently .
There is no question that President Obama ’s more prudent path is the correct one right now .
There is also no question that the neoconservatives are trying to gin up this situation into an excuse for not engaging with the Iranian government in the near future–and also as a rationale for their dearest , looniest dream , war with Iran .
I ’ve come home more pessimistic that much can be accomplished in negotiations with the Khamenei - Ahmadinejad government , but we certainly should continue to make the effort to lure the Iranians into the civilized world .
It may even be the case that Khamenei decided that Ahmadinejad ’s reelection was a pre-requisite for negotiations .
Meanwhile , Pete Wehner has a post at the Commentary blog comparing Iran in 2009 to the Soviet Union of the 1980 ’s which , of course , is completely ridiculous .
I visited Russia back in the day and I ’ve now visited Iran twice .
There is no comparison .
The Soviet Union was the most repressive place I ’ve ever been ; its residents lived in constant terror .
I ’ll never forget my first translator in Moscow telling me that his parents had trained him never to smile in public–it could easily be misinterpreted and then he ’d be off to the Gulag .
There was no internet in those days , no cellphones , no facebook or twitter .
Iran , by contrast , is breezy with freedom .
It is certainly freer now , despite Ahmadinejad , than it was when I first visited in 2001 .
There are satellites dishes all over the place , which bring accurate news via BBC Persia and the Voice of America .
The place is awash in western music , movies and books .
The Supreme Leader has a website ; ayatollahs are blogging .
You can get the New York Times and CNN online .
( I was interested to find , however , that most blogs except those , like this one , that are associated with a mainstream media outlet , are filtered by the government . )
There is , in fact , marginally more freedom of expression in Iran than in some notable U.S. allies , like Egypt and Saudi Arabia–although the danger of imprisonment always exists if a journalist or politician takes it a step too far for the Supreme Leader ’s watchdogs .
It is not even clear that Ahmadinejad–who has significant backing from the sort of people who support Republicans here ( the elderly , the religious extremists ) plus a real following among working - class Iranians –would have lost this election , if the votes had been counted fairly .
( I tend to believe that they were n’t counted at all , but that ’s just my opinion . )
The point is , neoconservatives like McCain and Wehner just ca n’t seem to quit their dangerous habit of making broad , extreme statements based on ideology rather than detailed knowledge of the situation in Iran and elsewhere .
This was always the main problem with McCain ’s candidacy –he would have been a trigger - happy President , just as Wehner ’s old boss , George W. Bush , was .
We are well out of that .
Offit has steadfastly refused to say how much he made from the vaccine .
Based on the income distribution guidelines set forth in CHOP ’s current administrative policy manual ( HERE ) entitled “ Patent and Intellectual Property Policy , ” Offit ’s share of this transaction -- the “ inventor ’s share of net income ” -- would have earned him a personal distribution of 30 % .
In a Moody ’s report dated June 2008 , CHOP reported net proceeds from the Rotateq transaction of $ 153 million , a deal basis that would put the value of Offit ’s 30 % share at $ 45.9 million .
Although the royalty transaction amounts and current CHOP inventor shares are publicly known , several factors complicate a precise calculation of Offit ’s income .
Royalty Pharma paid $ 182 million for the Rotateq royalty stream , but CHOP reported proceeds of only $ 153 million .
Since most universities calculate income based on net royalties , the lower number might more closely reflect the basis for calculating Offit ’s income .
If CHOP applied an inventor share of 30 % to a transaction value of $ 153 million they would have then been required to distribute $ 45.9 million to Offit .
There is nothing improper about receiving compensation for a patented innovation ; but the extraordinary valuation placed on CHOP ’s patents raises concerns over Offit ’s use of his former position on the CDC ’s Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices to help create the market for rotavirus vaccine -- to effectively vote himself rich .
Dr. Paul Offit of the Children ’s Hospital of Philadelphia ( CHOP ) took home a fortune of at least $ 29 million as part of a $ 182 million sale by CHOP of its worldwide royalty interest in the Merck Rotateq vaccine to Royalty Pharma in April of last year , according to an investigation by Age of Autism .
Based on an analysis of current CHOP administrative policies , the amount of income distributed to Offit could be as high as $ 46 million .
CHOP ’s 30 % policy for inventor share is consistent with the current practices of other children ’s hospitals .
But depending on what standard was in effect when the patents were filed and how it was applied to Offit ’s proceeds , the amount could be lower .
For example , the $ 29 million difference between the payment made by Royalty Pharma and the proceeds received by CHOP comprises 15.9 % of the Royalty Pharma payment ( 15 % is the lowest inventor share percentage we uncovered in our investigation ) and could reflect the distribution to Offit ,
So although it is clear that Offit ’s personal share of CHOP ’s royalty transaction was large , the exact amount could range from as little as $ 29 million to as much as $ 55 million .
Age of Autism chose to feature the smaller amounts in this report .
CHOP spokeswoman Rachel Salis - Silverman , contacted by Age of Autism about Offit ’s income from the vaccine , first said , “ I do n’t even know .
That ’s not public information . ”
She initially refused to provide an e-mail to which Age of Autism could send a detailed account of how it determined Offit ’s income , but subsequently sent an e-mail saying she was expecting the information .
“ We are declining comment to your questions , ” she then replied after receiving our inquiry .
Offit did not respond to an e-mail sent to his Children ’s Hospital address .
While refusing to disclose his personal profit from this transaction , Offit told Newsweek reporter Claudia Kalb last year that he got a “ small percentage ” of the payment and confessed that “ it ’s like winning the lottery . ”
The $ 29 million - $ 55 million range is consistent not only with CHOP ’s published royalty arrangements but with typical medical patent standards :
-- At Boston Children ’s Hospital , inventors get 25 % of “ net lifetime revenues ” for all income over $ 500,000 .
For royalty amounts smaller than $ 500,000 inventors receive 45 - 100 % of revenues .
-- At Arkansas Children ’s Hospital , inventors get 35 % of “ net royalties ” after the first $ 200 K and 50 % before that .
--
At the University of Virginia , inventors get 15 % of “ total royalty income ” over $ 1 million and a sliding scale of 25 - 50 % for amounts smaller than that .
--
At the University of California , inventors get 35 % of “ net royalties . ”
Offit ’s claim to a share of the profits from Merck ’s Rotateq revenues is based on his role as a listed inventor on the cluster of patents that protect Merck ’s vaccine .
These patents share the title “ Rotavirus Reassortant Vaccine ” and include four granted US patents -- US5626851 , US5750109 , US6113910 and US6290968 — and two granted European patents — EP323708 and EP493575 .
All of the patents are jointly owned by CHOP and the Wistar Institute .
Offit is one of the three listed inventors on the vaccine patents but holds 100 % of CHOP ’s inventor rights .
The other two inventors , Fred Clark and Stanley Plotkin , are both affiliated with the Wistar Institute ( in a December 2005 transaction that was similar to CHOP ’s deal with Royalty Pharma , the Wistar Institute sold its royalty interest in Rotateq to Paul Capital for $ 45 million ) .
The CHOP policy manual that delineates the distribution of income for inventions owned by CHOP can be found ( HERE ) ( see section III B ) .
Clearly , based on the distribution of income rights outlined in this manual , Paul Offit had a greater personal interest in Rotateq ’s commercial success than any other single individual in the world .
And more than other individual in the world , he found himself in a position to directly influence that success .
--
Unlike most other patented products , the market for mandated childhood vaccines is created not by consumer demand , but by the recommendation of an appointed body called the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices ( ACIP ) .
In a single vote , ACIP can create a commercial market for a new vaccine that is worth hundreds of millions of dollars in a matter of months .
For example , after ACIP approved the addition of Merck ’s ( and Offit ’s ) Rotateq vaccine to the childhood vaccination schedule , Merck ’s Rotateq revenue rose from zero in the beginning of 2006 to $ 655 million in fiscal year 2008 .
When one multiplies a price of close to $ 200 per three dose series of Rotateq by a mandated market of four million children per year , it ’s not hard to see the commercial value to Merck of favorable ACIP votes .
From 1998 to 2003 , Offit served as a member of ACIP .
Before and during his ACIP term , Offit was involved in rotavirus vaccine development activities , the value of which ACIP influenced .
Shortly before his term began in October 1998 , Offit ’s first two rotavirus patents were granted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office , the first on May 6 , 1997 and the second on May 12 , 1998 .
During his ACIP term , Offit received two additional patents in 2000 and 2001 .
Receiving a patent provides the potential but not the certainty of financial reward .
In most cases , when an inventor ’s employer receives a patent , the commercial value of the patent award is highly uncertain .
In the case of Rotateq , the business uncertainty revolved around three factors : 1 ) the creation and eventual size of the rotavirus vaccine market , 2 ) the market share of competing products such as Wyeth ’s RotaShield vaccine and 3 ) the success of Merck ’s clinical trial for Rotateq and subsequent FDA approval .
For the first two of these three factors , Offit ’s ACIP membership gave him a direct opportunity to favorably influence his personal financial stake in Rotateq .
Four months before Offit was appointed to ACIP in October 1998 , the committee had voted to give the rotavirus category a “ Routine Vaccination ” status , in anticipation of an FDA approval of RotaShield ( oddly , ACIP made this vote before the FDA approved Wyeth ’s RotaShield vaccine on October 1 , 1998 ) .
Shortly after Offit ’s term began , there were several additional votes involved in establishing the rotavirus vaccine market and Offit voted yes in every case .
In May of 1999 , the CDC published its revised childhood vaccination schedule and rotavirus vaccine was included .
This series of favorable votes clearly enhanced the monetary value of Offit ’s stake in Merck ’s rotavirus vaccine , which was five years into clinical trials .
Nevertheless , Merck ’s Rotateq vaccine was several years behind Wyeth ’s RotaShield , which stood to be the market leader based on its lead in making its way through clinical trials .
But when the widespread administration of RotaShield to infants started producing a high incidence of intussusception reports , including numerous fatalities , ACIP was forced to reverse itself .
On October 22 , 1999 , ACIP voted to rescind its recommendation of the RotaShield vaccine .
Offit recused himself from this vote , although he participated in the discussion .
In the meeting in which ACIP discussed RotaShield , Offit remarked , " I 'm not conflicted with Wyeth , but because I consult with Merck on the development of rotavirus vaccine , I would still prefer to abstain because it creates a perception of conflict . ”
CDC records make it clear that Offit was not silent on RotaShield .
By 2001 , he was actively advancing a “ unique strain ” hypothesis , an argument that RotaShield was formulated in a way that did increase intussusception risk whereas other formulations ( e.g. Rotateq ) would not .
In commercial terms , Offit had a clear stake in the earlier RotaShield decision .
As a competitor to Rotateq , RotaShield ’s withdrawal provided a financial opportunity for Offit ’s partner , Merck .
Not only did RotaShield ’s withdrawal give Rotateq an opportunity to gain 100 % of the rotavirus vaccine market Offit had voted to create ( until April 2008 , when GlaxoSmithKline ’s Rotarix vaccine was approved , Merck held a monopoly on the rotavirus vaccine market ) , but the absence of competition enabled Merck to charge a premium price for its vaccine , significantly more than Wyeth had charged for RotaShield .
With RotaShield out of the market and the favorable rotavirus policy precedent established , when the FDA approved Rotateq on February 3 , 2006 , the path to profitability for Merck was set .
And for CHOP , which had licensed its patent rights to Merck , the valuation of its patent portfolio soared .
Faced with this newly valuable asset , CHOP chose not to take their profits in the form of a series of smaller royalty checks .
Instead , they opted to sell off their rights to the income stream and receive a lump sum payment in its place .
Royalty Pharma -- an intellectual property investment firm that “ provides liquidity to royalty owners and assumes the future risks and rewards of ownership ” -- stepped in to pay CHOP for the rights to its Merck royalties .
CHOP , in turn , paid Offit his inventor share .
Although neither CHOP nor Merck has disclosed Merck ’s royalty obligation around CHOP ’s patents , the fact that Royalty Pharma was motivated to pay CHOP $ 182 million for the right to receive the Rotateq royalty stream suggests that obligation was significant .
Other news organizations , most notably CBS News , have asked Offit to disclose the financial details of his Merck relationship .
CBS New reporter Sharyl Attkisson wrote last July that , “ future royalties for the [ Rotateq ] vaccine were just sold for $ 182 million cash .
Dr. Offit 's share of vaccine profits ?
Unknown . ”
Offit protested loudly over the CBS News report and went so far as accusing Attkisson of unethical conduct .
“ Did [ Attkisson ] lie about whether or not we provided materials ?
Of course , ” Offit claimed in an August interview with the Orange County Register .
He argued that in responding to a CBS News investigation of his financial ties to Merck , he readily provided full details of the payments that CBS asked for including : “ the sources and amounts of every grant he has received since 1980 ” ; “ the details of his relationship , and Children ’s Hospital of Philadelphia ’s relationship , with pharmaceutical company Merck ” ; and “ the details of every talk he has given for the past three years . ”
A personal profit of at least $ 29 million seems like more than a small detail to leave out .
--
Dan Olmsted is Editor and Mark Blaxill is Editor At Large of Age of Autism .
۶۰ دقیقه
خبر، بخش مهمی از برنامه های روزانه تلویزیون فارسی بی‌بی‌سی است.
در این برنامه خبری يک ساعته، تصويری روشن و ساده از رویدادهای پیچیده جهان ارايه و همچنین تاثیر این رویدادها بر زندگی روزمره مردم بررسی می‌شود .
Learning about the human body is important if you want to work in health care or a medical - related field .
Therapists , sports trainers and others can also benefit from an understanding of the human body .
Happily , modern technology — in the form of the Internet — provides the tools necessary for nearly anyone to learn about anything through open courseware classes .
It is possible for you to learn more about the human body , expanding your knowledge and becoming a better practitioner , from a number of schools .
Here are 40 open courseware classes that can help broaden your knowledge base of how the human body works :
Anatomy and Physiology
If you want to know more about how the human body is put together , and how its systems work , anatomy and physiology courses can help .
Anatomy and Physiology from Western Governors University provides a look at the different systems in the body , as well as how they work and how they are built .
Class is divided into modules for self - learning .
Completing the course as scheduled takes most students about 14 weeks .
The Human Body from Harvard Medical School is comprised of a number resources on different aspects of the human body , its anatomy and physiology , and how basic functions of the body work .
Physiology of the Ear from MIT is a course designed to provide an in - depth look at the workings of the human ear .
Assignments and projects help you apply your knowledge and internalize what you learn .
Occurrence of Central Nerve System / Analysis of Differentiation Mechanism from the University of Tokyo provides an interesting look at the nervous system .
Lecture notes and videos are included in this resource .
( Yes , it ’s in English . )
Evolution of the Immune System from MIT offers a look at how the human immune system evolved , as well as some of the unique features of this system .
Includes a syllabus , readings and assignments that you can complete on your own .
Human Reproductive Biology from MIT focuses on the reproductive system .
Describes the physiology of female and male systems of reproduction , as well as including lecture notes , assignments and exams .
Gastroenterology from MIT looks at the gastrointestinal system and how it works .
Modern Biology from the Open Learning Initiative at Carnegie Mellon University explores how the body is put together at a molecular level .
Learn about lipids and enzymes , and how the body breaks down nutrients .
Health is everywhere : unraveling the mystery of heath from The Open University covers the basics of health , and what makes good health .
Addresses the human body , and how to keep it in proper working order .
Health from
Yale offers readings and notes about health .
This collection provides a great overview of the human body , and how it responds in real - life situations , as well as addressing issues of pandemic , globalization and genetics .
Pathology and Diseases
How disease moves through the human body is helpful information for medical and health care professionals .
These courses can provide you with insight into disease and how it affects the body .
Nutrition and Fitness
The human body requires proper nutrition and physical activity in order to remain healthy .
Open courseware that addresses these issues can be used in tandem with other information on normal body functioning .
Introductory Nutrition from the University of Texas at Austin focuses on the basic principles of nutrition and the effects of food choices on the body .
Nutrient Function and Metabolism from the University of California at Berkeley provides an overview of how nutrients fuel the metabolism .
Includes information on carbohydrates , lipids and proteins , and addresses toxicity .
Nutrition : proteins from The Open University offers an overview of protiens , and how they function within the body .
Nutrition : vitamins and minerals from The Open University looks at how common vitamin and minerals are necessary for the body , and how they can help you maintain health .
Active , healthy lifestyles from The Open University helps you understand the role an active lifestyle plays in a healthy body .
Health and Fitness from Western Governors University provides a look at proper health through good fitness routines .
Focuses on body systems and physical health , emotional health , nutrition and susbtance abuse .
Physical Intelligence from MIT addresses the connection between body and mind , and how you can use physical activity to improve the channel between the two while improving the health and function of the body .
Introduction to Cardiovascular Fitness from Wikiversity looks at how to improve the health of the cardiovascular system .
Includes class discussions , projects , readings and links for further resources .
Things to Watch Out For from Utah State University addresses substance abuse .
Learn about why substance abuse occurs and the signs that it has become a problem .
This course also addresses prevention and treatment of substance abuse .
Life Stages
The body needs different things at different stages of life .
Learn about specific issues confronting the body during youth and during old age .
Nursing
Learn some of the things that nurses should know in order to better care for patients .
These are some nursing courses that can help you learn more about the human body .
dlusion Member
Join Date : Jun 2009 Location :
In my head !
Posts : 107
dlusion 's DIY halogen vaporizer GUIDE / Write - up !
dlusion ’s DIY halogen vaporizer
Parts List :
Clear plastic tubing ( I used 3/8 ths in x 1/4thin x 10ft ) – Home Depot – $ 3.00
25 W 120V ( AC ) Halogen Bulb – Home Depot – $ 5.50
5 ” x 2 - 1/4 ” Bun Foot – Home Depot - $ 8.00
2qt ‘ Cracker Jar’ – Walmart – $ 5.00
Stainless steel LED flashlight - ?????? - $ ?.??
[ The model I used is one of
Power cable - ????? - $ ?.??
[ I just re-used the powercord from a blown transformer ..
I ’m sure you could do something similar ! ]
Stainless Steel Metal Pipe Screen – Local Headshop - $ 0.15
Tools Necessary :
Power drill ( phillips screw head , Woodboring bits )
Dremel ( cutting wheel + sanding cylinder )
Hammer / nails
I am writing this guide as I build my very own halogen vape .
I ’ve had recent ( great ! ) success with the concept , but clumsily used a 12v DC bulb and a transformer that could n’t feed enough power to the bulb .
While it worked temporarily , the transformer blew out as I was testing the bulb ’s heat capacity .
I subsequently blew the bulb by assuming that it could be powered by straight 120v AC from a wall socket ( all incadescents do it , why not halogen ? ) .
With a new design in mind , I decided to make a detailed write - up for anyone who wants a ‘ REAL ’ functioning vaporizer for less than 50 $ .
[ Part One – The Herb Stand ]
First , we must tear apart that flashlight and cut it down to size using a cutting - wheel on a dremel tool .
The metal is n’t difficult to cut at all , but wear eye protection or you will get metal shards in your eyes .
This is how I cut the flashlight :
I used the two end pieces , discarding the middle .
I took all of the pushbutton assembly crap out of the end cap and inserted a metal screen carefully .
This is the result for that :
You should be able to simply rest the screw cap in one side of the flashlight ’s tip piece ( the uncut side ) .
I prefer this over having to screw the cap itself in , as when the vape has been used and you want to take the used herbal supply out the metal is damned hot and I do n’t wanna have to deal with unscrewing it at that point .
If you want that , suit yourself .
Just make sure the screen sits about one inch away from the halogen bulb or you may burn the herb .
Either way , congratulations !
You ’ve made your herb stand .
[ Part Two – The Base ]
If you ’ve used the same materials that I have , you will have a wooden base .
In my case , there ’s a screw in the center of my circular ‘ Bun Foot ’ ( who knows wtf this is really intended for ) that must be removed .
With a simple twist , a pair of pliers can unscrew the unwanted screw .
The unwanted screw did leave behind a very admirable prize , however .
It marked the center point of my circular base .
At this point you will want to measure your ‘ herb stand ’ for diameter .
My ‘ herb stand ’ has a diameter of an inch .
Using a 1 ” wood boring bit , bore a hole about ¼ ” deep .
This will give you enough room to make sure the ‘ herb stand ’ slides in and fits snuggly .
You may have to sand down the edge of the circle a bit for the herb stand to fit properly … or maybe just hammer it in ?
I chose the first route out of fear that I ’d break something .
Optional : Bore another hole of a smaller diameter to hold the base of the halogen bulb snuggly .
I made a shallow ½ ” diameter hole for my bulb .
* I forgot to do that .. hehe *
[ Note !
Air should be able to pass by the bulb for passive air intake . ]
Locate the center point of the hole you ’ve just bored , and drill all the way through with a regular drill bit large enough for your power cord to fit through .
When you ’ve done all of this , you should be able to make this little assembly :
The first thing you should note is that the base will not sit flat as it is .
I decided to use the cylinder sand bit to cut a path for the cord .
This just makes the project that much more ‘ professional ’ , eh ?
The last piece of drilling you ’ll have to do is for your tubing !
I used 3/8ths ” outer diameter clear tubing from Home Depot .
I will need to drill a 3/8ths ” hole .
There are a few ways to do this , but I ’ve decided on trying to make the tubing come out the side .
To do this , I have to make one vertical hole and one horizontal hole .
The vertical hole should be at least ½ ” away from the herb stand and the same distance from the edge .
Also , if you made a cutaway for your cord make sure that you ’re drilling the tube holes on the other side of the piece of wood .
You would n’t want to ruin the block of wood with stress cracks , would you ?
The horizontal hole with probably be a pain in the ass ( I ’m typing this before I go do it ) but make damn well CERTAIN that you will intersect the two drill holes .
If you miss , you pretty much ruin the piece of wood you ’ve been using .
If you do this , do n’t worry !
Home Depot has another 8 $ block of wood waitin’ for ya !
I found that using a 3/8ths ” wood bore to start the hole on the side of the block was a good way to go .
After getting that hole started , I just used a slightly smaller drill bit to finish the holes vertically and horizontally ( a bigger hole would be better , but I could n’t find my 3/8 thin drill bit . ) .
This method produced this result :
Make sure your tubing fits snuggly while also getting good airflow !
Fantastic !
Onwards to the final part !
[ Part Three – The Jar and Final Assembly ]
The jar you ’ve acquired ( if it ’s like mine ) will need to have some of the cap removed .
I decided to make things easy on myself and just make a square cutout of the lid .
The square should be large enough for the herb stand and tube hole to be seen and not blocked .
You should leave enough of the lid intact so that you can use small ( read : very small ) nails to pin the lid down .
Instead of using nails , I dumbly decided to use screws .
I burnt through two Phillips head bits and managed to drill one screw in slanted .. oh well .
My first attempt at making a hole in the lid was a failure ..
I made the hole too small .
Thankfully , that can be corrected .
Here is the first attempt ( and failure ) :
Here is the completed jar lid :
For the final bits of assembly , get together your power cord and halogen bulb .
Take extra caution to not touch the halogen bulb .
Even a tiny bit of oil from your skin will cause the bulb to burst .
Feed the power cable through the wooden base and give yourself enough slack for the cord to sit level on some surface .
You ’re going to solder the power cord directly to the halogen bulb .
Do n’t worry about positive or negative , it ’s 120v AC so you do n’t have to bother with it .
When you ’ve made a decent solder connection between the power cord and the bulb , make sure you wipe the bulb down with a piece of toilet paper or something .
You may have slipped and touched the bulb .
Do n’t use electrical tape to cover the connections .
They are far enough apart so that they wo n’t arc and the heat produced by the bulb will melt the tape .
Pull the power cord till the bulb creates some resistance .
Tape the power cord to the wooden base on the bottom so that the electrical cord wo n’t tug and rip the solder connections .
Congrats !
You should be done !
Put some herb in your ‘ herb stand cap ’ , place it on the herb stand , screw the jar on and plug ‘ er in !
You ’ve got a vape !
If you have any questions or comments , speak up !
I did n't include a soldering pic as I have n't actually soldered my bulb / wires together yet .
I suppose I 'll run out and grab some solder tonight and have a video hosted of the vape in action by tomorrow .
This is a working design ,
It 's just a nicer model than the one I made over the weekend .
( Was using 12v DC and it burned out the transformer in 15 mins .. still got me high , though ! )
<3
dlusion Parts List : Clear plastic tubing ( I used 3/8 ths in x 1/4thin x 10ft ) – Home Depot – $ 3.0025 W 120V ( AC ) Halogen Bulb – Home Depot – $ 5.505 ” x 2 - 1/4 ” Bun Foot – Home Depot - $ 8.002qt ‘ Cracker Jar ’ – Walmart – $ 5.00 Stainless steel LED flashlight - ?????? - $ ?.??
[ The model I used is one of these .
Try to get the silver / unpainted one . ]
Power cable - ????? - $ ?.??
[ I just re-used the powercord from a blown transformer ..
I ’m sure you could do something similar ! ]
Stainless Steel Metal Pipe Screen – Local Headshop - $ 0.15 Tools Necessary : Power drill ( phillips screw head , Woodboring bits ) Dremel ( cutting wheel + sanding cylinder ) Hammer / nailsI am writing this guide as I build my very own halogen vape .
I ’ve had recent ( great ! ) success with the concept , but clumsily used a 12v DC bulb and a transformer that could n’t feed enough power to the bulb .
While it worked temporarily , the transformer blew out as I was testing the bulb ’s heat capacity .
I subsequently blew the bulb by assuming that it could be powered by straight 120v AC from a wall socket ( all incadescents do it , why not halogen ? ) .
With a new design in mind , I decided to make a detailed write - up for anyone who wants a ‘ REAL ’ functioning vaporizer for less than 50 $ .
First , we must tear apart that flashlight and cut it down to size using a cutting - wheel on a dremel tool .
The metal is n’t difficult to cut at all , but wear eye protection or you will get metal shards in your eyes .
This is how I cut the flashlight : I used the two end pieces , discarding the middle .
I took all of the pushbutton assembly crap out of the end cap and inserted a metal screen carefully .
This is the result for that :
You should be able to simply rest the screw cap in one side of the flashlight ’s tip piece ( the uncut side ) .
I prefer this over having to screw the cap itself in , as when the vape has been used and you want to take the used herbal supply out the metal is damned hot and I do n’t wanna have to deal with unscrewing it at that point .
If you want that , suit yourself .
Just make sure the screen sits about one inch away from the halogen bulb or you may burn the herb .
Either way , congratulations !
You ’ve made your herb stand .
If you ’ve used the same materials that I have , you will have a wooden base .
In my case , there ’s a screw in the center of my circular ‘ Bun Foot ’ ( who knows wtf this is really intended for ) that must be removed .
With a simple twist , a pair of pliers can unscrew the unwanted screw .
The unwanted screw did leave behind a very admirable prize , however .
It marked the center point of my circular base .
At this point you will want to measure your ‘ herb stand ’ for diameter .
My ‘ herb stand ’ has a diameter of an inch .
Using a 1 ” wood boring bit , bore a hole about ¼ ” deep .
This will give you enough room to make sure the ‘ herb stand ’ slides in and fits snuggly .
You may have to sand down the edge of the circle a bit for the herb stand to fit properly … or maybe just hammer it in ?
I chose the first route out of fear that I ’d break something .
Optional : Bore another hole of a smaller diameter to hold the base of the halogen bulb snuggly .
I made a shallow ½ ” diameter hole for my bulb .
* I forgot to do that .. hehe *[ Note !
Air should be able to pass by the bulb for passive air intake . ]
Locate the center point of the hole you ’ve just bored , and drill all the way through with a regular drill bit large enough for your power cord to fit through .
When you ’ve done all of this , you should be able to make this little assembly :
The first thing you should note is that the base will not sit flat as it is .
I decided to use the cylinder sand bit to cut a path for the cord .
This just makes the project that much more ‘ professional ’ , eh ?
The last piece of drilling you ’ll have to do is for your tubing !
I used 3/8ths ” outer diameter clear tubing from Home Depot .
I will need to drill a 3/8ths ” hole .
There are a few ways to do this , but I ’ve decided on trying to make the tubing come out the side .
To do this , I have to make one vertical hole and one horizontal hole .
The vertical hole should be at least ½ ” away from the herb stand and the same distance from the edge .
Also , if you made a cutaway for your cord make sure that you ’re drilling the tube holes on the other side of the piece of wood .
You would n’t want to ruin the block of wood with stress cracks , would you ?
The horizontal hole with probably be a pain in the ass ( I ’m typing this before I go do it ) but make damn well CERTAIN that you will intersect the two drill holes .
If you miss , you pretty much ruin the piece of wood you ’ve been using .
If you do this , do n’t worry !
Home Depot has another 8 $ block of wood waitin’ for ya !
I found that using a 3/8ths ” wood bore to start the hole on the side of the block was a good way to go .
After getting that hole started , I just used a slightly smaller drill bit to finish the holes vertically and horizontally ( a bigger hole would be better , but I could n’t find my 3/8 thin drill bit . ) .
This method produced this result :
Make sure your tubing fits snuggly while also getting good airflow !
Fantastic !
Onwards to the final part !
The jar you ’ve acquired ( if it ’s like mine ) will need to have some of the cap removed .
I decided to make things easy on myself and just make a square cutout of the lid .
The square should be large enough for the herb stand and tube hole to be seen and not blocked .
You should leave enough of the lid intact so that you can use small ( read : very small ) nails to pin the lid down .
Instead of using nails , I dumbly decided to use screws .
I burnt through two Phillips head bits and managed to drill one screw in slanted .. oh well .
My first attempt at making a hole in the lid was a failure ..
I made the hole too small .
Thankfully , that can be corrected .
Here is the first attempt ( and failure ) :
Here is the completed jar lid :
For the final bits of assembly , get together your power cord and halogen bulb .
Take extra caution to not touch the halogen bulb .
Even a tiny bit of oil from your skin will cause the bulb to burst .
Feed the power cable through the wooden base and give yourself enough slack for the cord to sit level on some surface .
You ’re going to solder the power cord directly to the halogen bulb .
Do n’t worry about positive or negative , it ’s 120v AC so you do n’t have to bother with it .
When you ’ve made a decent solder connection between the power cord and the bulb , make sure you wipe the bulb down with a piece of toilet paper or something .
You may have slipped and touched the bulb .
Do n’t use electrical tape to cover the connections .
They are far enough apart so that they wo n’t arc and the heat produced by the bulb will melt the tape .
Pull the power cord till the bulb creates some resistance .
Tape the power cord to the wooden base on the bottom so that the electrical cord wo n’t tug and rip the solder connections .
Congrats !
You should be done !
Put some herb in your ‘ herb stand cap ’ , place it on the herb stand , screw the jar on and plug ‘ er in !
You ’ve got a vape !
If you have any questions or comments , speak up !
I did n't include a soldering pic as I have n't actually soldered my bulb / wires together yet .
I suppose I 'll run out and grab some solder tonight and have a video hosted of the vape in action by tomorrow .
This is a working design ,
It 's just a nicer model than the one I made over the weekend .
( Was using 12v DC and it burned out the transformer in 15 mins .. still got me high , though !< 3dlusion
Check out my micro-grow !
__________________
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Chief Justice John Roberts did not like Michael Jackson .
The New York Times ‘
Caucus blog dug up some old memos Roberts wrote while he was working for the White House Counsel ’s office during the Reagan administration .
In a memo criticizing a proposal to invite Michael and his brothers to the White House , Roberts wrote :
I hate to sound like one of Mr. Jackson ’s records , constantly repeating the same refrain , but I recommend that we not approve this letter … .
In today ’s Post there were already reports that some youngsters were turning away from Mr. Jackson in favor of a newcomer who goes by the name “ Prince , ” and is apparently planning a Washington concert .
Will he receive a Presidential letter ?
How will we decide which performers do and which do not ?
There ’s some evidence that Justice Roberts may have been pulling for a different performer .
Consider this , from another memo :
Why , for example , was no letter sent to Mr. Bruce Springsteen , whose patriotic tour recently visited the area ?
Why , indeed ?
The music of the future governor of New Jersey was famously embraced by Reagan during the 1984 presidential election campaign .
On a related note , President Obama regularly invites musicians to the White House : Stevie Wonder , for example , has already performed there .
Tolls would rise by 20 p each way to £ 2.90 for car drivers
A public inquiry into plans to increase charges on the Humber Bridge has cost almost £ 50,000 which will have to be met from toll income , it has emerged .
The inquiry was called because of the large number of objections to the increase , which means car drivers would pay £ 2.90 each way , an increase of 20p .
The Humber Bridge Board said the cost of holding the inquiry was £ 49,557 .
Its findings are set to be delayed by ministerial changes at the Department for Transport in Friday 's reshuffle .
The Humber Bridge Board said in a statement : " Unavoidably , the inquiry created extra costs of almost £ 50,000 for the board , which must be met from current toll fees . "
It said the transport minister 's decision was unlikely to be announced before the end of June .
Humber Bridge Board chairman David Gemmell said : " The delay is a concern for the bridge board and , no doubt , also for the objectors .
" Nonetheless , the inquiry , and its costs , is an acceptable price to pay to ensure that local people and businesses have their voices heard over such an important matter . "
The three main male characters ' names are Tom , Dick , and Harry .
" Tom , Dick , and Harry " is a phrase used as a synonym for " everyone " or when referring to " a set of nobodies ; persons of no note " ( from " Brewer 's Dictionary of Phrase and Fable " ) .
See more
Alternate Versions
In an episode entitled " Assault with a Deadly Dick , " a line of dialogue was cut after the first airing .
Dick is waiting at the police station with Mary to point out the man who mugged him .
Officer Don comes in and says " Time to finger your perp . "
Dick looks awkwardly at Mary and replies " I keep trying , but she wo n't let me . "
When the episode was rebroadcast a few months later , Dick 's line was omitted and the laugh track was streched .
This line is always cut in syndication airings , but when shown outside the US and on the DVD , the line is intact .
See more
This post was included in Carnival of the Green # 180 at the Ethical Superstore .
Have you ever heard the saying , " The easiest way to make a million dollars is with a million dollars . "
In other words , if you already have a million dollars , it 's easy to make the next million .
The hard part is coming up with that first million .
Sometimes , home improvements in energy efficiency can seem similar .
Although energy efficiency is an investment that will pay back over time , you can't earn the savings without first spending some money upfront .
And especially now with the economy tanking , it can be scary to part with that initial investment .
But there are some methods available to help you finance your energy efficiency improvements .
How to find the money ...
Federal Tax Credits
As part of the new Stimulus bill , you can get lots of money back through tax credits by improving your home 's energy efficiency .
According to Energy Star :
Weatherization Loans
Weatherization Assistance Program
How to spend the money ...
Related Posts
Many utility companies provide low - interest loans for energy - efficient improvements to your home , such as this one , and this one , and this one .
Check out your own utility or energy company for more information .
If you live in Raleigh , here 's the scoop from Progress Energy 's page .20 to 30 million Americans may be eligible for this program , which provides services to weatherize homes for low - income families .
The program includes a home energy audit , an assessment of a home 's energy use , and recommendations for weatherization improvements for the home .
The average value of improvements is $ 2,500 .
The Department of Energy states , " Some measures , such as insulating your walls or roof , for example , will continue to provide you savings for the lifetime of your house — 30 years or more .
Others , such as making your heating or cooling equipment more efficient , will provide savings for 10 to 15 years .
On average , the value of the weatherization improvement to your house is 2.2 times greater than the cost of the improvement itself .
"
If you have limited funds to work with , you may be unsure where you 'd get the most bang for your buck .
A professional energy audit would tell you where to start .
Or you can check out this chart I found from the Rocky Mountain Institute .
It 's from 2002 , but the information is still useful .
Air France pays $ 24,500 to victims ’ families
Air France will pay the amount of 17,500 Euro ( approximately $ 24,500 ) as initial compensation to each family of the victims from the crash of Flight 447 .
Chief Executive Paul - Henri Gourgeon told France ’s RTL Radio last Friday that Air France has already communicated with the families of the passengers and crew members who died when the plane crashed into the Atlantic Ocean on June 1 .
It was never easy for them to reach the relatives of the victims , who came from 32 countries .
Gourgeon also said they might hold a memorial for the victims of the said tragedy .
So far , only 50 bodies out of 228 passengers were found .
Autopsies conducted show they suffered broken bones .
The level of invective in the Hungarian campaign has been more than disturbing , with fringe neo - fascists looking for an election breakthrough and sparing no one 's blushes .
The top candidate for Jobbik , the neo - fascist party , scraped the barrel in the final days ahead of the vote .
" So - called proud Hungarian Jews should go back to playing with their tiny little circumcised tails , " said Christina Morvay , who may well win a seat in Strasbourg and Brussels .
Apart from the focus on whether a seat is won by Jobbik , which boasts black - shirted paramilitaries and has the large Roma minority trembling with fear , the broader picture is one of government meltdown and a landslide victory for the main rightwing opposition , Fidesz .
The two parties which led Hungary 's democratic revolution 20 years ago , the Democratic Forum and the liberal free Democrats , may not get any seats .
Fidesz is tipped to rout the governing socialists on a greater scale even than in Britain .
Hungary is among the countries hardest hit by the financial crisis .
The centre - left government , already discredited , is at rock bottom .
Of the country 's 22 seats , Fidesz is tipped to take 16 , more than triple the projected five of the governing socialists .
The Hungarian scenario illustrates the plight of the centre - left across most of Europe in magnified form .
The only other seat could go to Jobbik , simplifying Hungary 's political party landscape .
National elections are scheduled for next year , with Fidesz heading towards a two - thirds majority .
Its leader , the former prime minister , Viktor Orban , has , like David Cameron , been calling for an early election .
But given the economic shambles he would inherit , Orban may be better advised to hold on .
“ Sitting down ? ” said Matthew Jaffe in ABC News .
Neil Barofsky , the inspector general for the TARP financial bailout , estimates that , taken together , the recent federal bailouts could cost the U.S. as much as $ 23.7 trillion .
“ Yes , $ 23.7 trillion . ”
He counts more than just the TARP money , tallying all government programs to fight the current recession , largely through helping banks , automakers , and homebuyers .
Let ’s put $ 23.7 trillion in perspective , said Eamon Javers in Politico .
True , it covers “ worst - case scenarios ” in some 50 “ economic disaster ” programs dating back to 2007 , but $ 23.7 trillion is nearly double the annual U.S. GDP .
It ’s more than the combined costs of every war the U.S. has fought , more than “ the Moon landings and the New Deal , ” and way more than we spent on the Great Depression .
The headline number is shocking , said Floyd Norris in The New York Times , but even Barofsky concedes that his $ 23.7 trillion price tag is “ vastly overblown . ”
It includes cancelled and aborted programs , and assumes that every government - backed mortgage defaults and is worthless , “ every bank in America fails , ” and the Treasury defaults on its obligations .
Still , the “ sheer unreality of the number ” wo n't stop lawmakers from taking it seriously .
The “ ridiculously large ” $ 23.7 trillion figure is getting all the attention , said Michael McAuliff in the New York Daily News , but Barofsky ’s larger point is that the Treasury is n’t spending our money with enough transparency and oversight .
The huge amounts of real money at stake make cheating an “ irresistible temptation , ” and Barofsky already has 35 TARP - related civil and criminal investigations underway .
The New York Stock Exchange LLC ( “ NYSE ” ) will be decommissioning the requirement to report program trading activity via the Daily Program Trading Report ( “ DPTR ” ) , which was previously approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the “ Commission ” ) .
1
The last trade date for which member organizations will be required to file the DPTR with the Exchange will be July 10 , 2009 and therefore the last required date to submit the DPTR will be July 14 , 2009 .
In the 2007 rule filing , the Exchange proposed to eliminate DPTR .
The 2007 filing noted that there was some duplication between the DPTR data and the audit trail information that member organizations provide to the Exchange via account - type indicators at the time that they submit program trades to the Exchange ... [ A ] fter consulting with the SEC , the Exchange announced that it would delay implementation of the two redefined account type indicators , and pending such implementation , member organizations would be required to continue filing the DPTR with the Exchange .
The current delayed implementation date of the redefined J and K account type indicators is June 30 , 2009 .
Accordingly , the Exchange still requires member organizations to submit DPTR .
The Exchange has filed with the SEC to implement the decommissioning of the DPTRrequirement following the July 10 , 2009 trade date .
Accordingly , the last required submission of the DPTR will be on July 14 , 2009 , which is the second business day after the last trade date for which the DPTR is required .
In addition , in connection with the decommissioning of the DPTR , the Exchange will not be implementing the proposed redefined program trading account type indicators ( J and K ) and will continue to use the existing J and K audit trail account types .
Upon further analysis and based on industry input , the Exchange has determined that these redefined account type indicators do not enhance the regulatory audit trail because the proposed redefined J and K could subsume some of the other , more granular account type indicators that the Exchange currently receives .
Accordingly , the Exchange has determined not to redefine the J and K account types in the manner previously proposed , and is instead leaving the J and K account - type definitions unchanged .
The Exchange further notes that it will use the existing account type indicator data – which captures program trade information for those orders sent to and executed on the Exchange – to report to the Commission on a weekly basis the program trading statistics for portions of program trades executed on the Exchange .
Accordingly , beginning on July 23 , 2009 , the Exchange will provide the Commission with its weekly statistics on program trading based on account type indicator data rather than DPTR data .
Similarly , at the same time , the weekly statistics regarding program trades that the Exchange provides to media outlets will also be derived from account type indicator data rather than the DPTR .
This is a travesty , as well as a complete obliteration and a mockery of the move for transparency that the Administration , Regulators and Exchanges have been posturing they support .
Robert Airo , Senior Vice President , NYSE Euronext at ( 212 ) 656-5663 or
Aleksandra Radakovic , Vice President , NYSE Regulation at ( 212 ) 656-4144
hat tip Greg
In a move set to infuriate and send many Zero Hedge readers over the top , the NYSE has taken action to make sure that nobody will henceforth be able to keep track of the complete dominance that Goldman Sachs exerts over the New York Stock Exchange .
This basically ends our weekly Program Trading updates disclosed every Thursday indicating that Goldman has singlehandedly
In an information memorandum released on June 24 ( 09 - 31 ) , the NYSE Regulation team has announced the Decommissioning of the Daily Program Trading Report ( DPTR ) .
From the memo : Basically this is the beginning of the end of unmodified data transparency .
Going forward the NYSE will provide whatever data it feels comfortable , after sufficient internal " audits , " and media outlets such as Zero Hedge , which had presented its millions of readers the only data point about Goldman 's complete encroachment of not only NYSE but Program Trading , will be henceforth unreliable and likely will present no useful information at all .
We advise all readers to contact the provided staff on the memorandum and voice your incredulity with this brazen move to completely obfuscate Goldman 's behind - the - scenes take over the world 's biggest stock exchange .
At the Whole Foods Market in El Segundo , two women stand scanning a refrigerator case filled with packages of gluten - free food -- carrot cake , rice flour bread , scones , ginger cookies , pecan pie and chocolate chip muffins .
Judy Beckett , a retired educator , was diagnosed with celiac disease two years ago :
Her gut cannot tolerate gluten , and switching to these foods has improved her digestion and quality of life .
Claudia Lopez , a housekeeper and mother of four , is looking for gluten - free food for herself and her family .
She recently switched to it at the urging of a health expert she heard on Spanish radio .
Beckett and Lopez have plenty of company as more and more consumers embrace the gluten - free trend .
Users run the gamut :
There are people like Beckett with celiac disease who must be on the diet ; others who believe the diet can alleviate chronic intestinal complaints and boost energy ; still others who believe the gluten - free diet may help in the treatment of autism and a host of other disorders , including schizophrenia , chronic fatigue , multiple sclerosis , attention deficit disorder , migraine and even fertility problems .
And some people are trying the diet simply because they ’ve heard it is healthful .
“ A lot of people are going gluten - free . . . but they really do n’t know why , ” says Suzy Badaracco , president of Culinary Tides , a company that forecasts food trends .
“ It ’s just like , “ Quick , it ’s gluten - free , it must be good ! ’ ”
A hit at food expo
It was full - speed ahead for gluten - free foods at this year ’s Natural Products Expo West , held in March at the Anaheim Convention Center .
Attendees at the event -- truly the Super Bowl of natural food shows -- swarmed around counters featuring gluten - free breads , pasta , steaming pot pies , brownies , warm muffins , cosmetics and even dog treats .
( One exhibitor even advertised a flavored water as gluten - free -- cheerfully admitting that , yes , water is naturally gluten - free , but what the heck . )
According to a March 2007 survey by the market research company Mintel , 8 % of the U.S. population look for gluten - free products when they shop .
Nielsen Co. , which tracks gluten - free food in U.S. grocery , drug and mass merchandiser stores ( excluding Wal - Mart ) , reports that the gluten - free sector increased 20 % in the 12 - month period ending June 14 , to $ 1.75 billion from $ 1.46 billion a year ago .
The variety of choices is also expanding .
In 2007 , 700 new gluten - free products were launched in the U.S. , up from 214 in 2004 , according to Mintel .
Consumers of gluten - free products can wander down the aisles of their local health food store -- in some cases their local supermarket -- and choose from an array of gluten - free pastas , cake mixes , waffles , bagels , pizzas , cookies , baby food , even beer and cosmetics .
Mintel projects a 15 % to 25 % annual growth rate for gluten - free foods over the next few years .
Gluten - free food manufacturers can thank growing awareness of celiac disease , also referred to as celiac sprue , for putting gluten on the map .
People with celiac disease experience a severe immune reaction to gluten -- a set of proteins in wheat , rye and barley -- that interferes with the absorption of iron , folate , calcium and fat - soluble vitamins .
The disease can cause serious gastrointestinal symptoms and weight loss and has also been linked to osteoporosis , anemia , Type 1 diabetes and autoimmune thyroid disease , says Shelley Case , a celiac researcher , registered dietitian and author of the book “ Gluten - Free Diet : A Comprehensive Resource Guide . ”
Even very small amounts of gluten can spark an inflammatory reaction in celiac patients , Case says .
Until recently , celiac disease was thought to be extremely rare in the U.S. , says Dr. Alessio Fasano , medical director of the Center for Celiac Research at the University of Maryland .
In 2003 , there were 40,000 diagnosed cases .
Then the center published an epidemiological study estimating that about 2.5 million people in the U.S. had the disease .
Shortly thereafter , the National Institutes of Health boosted the estimate to 3 million , igniting a flurry of business investments in gluten - free foods .
Because of the severity of symptoms and difficulty of preparing gluten - free foods , after a child is diagnosed with celiac disease , parents will often put the entire family on the diet , further expanding the market .
Gluten ’s ubiquity makes it hard to eliminate entirely .
Found in pasta , crackers , cereal , breads and other baked goods , gluten also lurks in less obvious places such as malt vinegar , soy sauce , breaded meats , many flavorings and emulsifiers , beer , gin , whiskey and rye , and gravy and sauces thickened with flour .
Ten years ago , celiac patients struggled with meals and menu planning .
When gluten - free foods began landing in stores , celiac patients snapped them up .
Parents of children with autism are also snapping them up .
Diets that eliminate gluten and / or casein are the most common alternative treatments tried for children with so - called autistic spectrum disorders , says Dr. George Christison , a professor of psychiatry at Loma Linda University School of Medicine and parent of a child with autism .
“ The medical literature to date contains no clinical trials of adequate size or design rigor to provide clear evidence to say either that these diets do work or . . . that they do not work , ” he says .
But after sifting through the stories he ’s heard from parents , Christison thinks the diet may indeed be beneficial for a subgroup of children .
And in the absence of formal evidence , parents are forced to arrive at their own conclusions , and many opt to try the diet .
“ No parent of a child on the autism spectrum wants to look back when the child is grown and say , ‘ If only we had tried . . . , ’ ” Christison says .
Another group embracing gluten - free foods are people who do not have celiac disease but have gastrointestinal problems that improve when they go on a gluten - free diet .
In “ gluten sensitivity , ” there is an immune response or associated condition even though the patient might not have the small - intestine findings on a biopsy to meet the criteria for celiac disease , says Dr. Eric Esrailian , director of general gastroenterology at UCLA ’s David Geffen School of Medicine .
“ Gluten intolerance , ” on the other hand , refers more to the symptoms a person feels , similar to the term lactose intolerance .
No one knows how many people truly fall in these two categories , Esrailian adds .
Another group fueling the boom is the celiac self - diagnoser .
" [ We see ] a lot of patients who have some nonspecific gastrointestinal symptoms , ” Esrailian says , “ who have read about celiac disease on the Internet or heard about it from a friend and have made kind of a self - diagnosis . ”
This can cause unnecessary worry , dietary restrictions and expense , he says .
“ A lot of folks say that when they eat gluten - rich foods , they feel a little sluggish , ” adds Daniel Fabricant , vice president of scientific and regulatory affairs for the Natural Products Assn. , a Washington , D.C. - based trade association .
“ Now -- is it the gluten or the refined carbohydrate ? ”
Fifty - five - year - old Debra Green of Pacific Palisades went off gluten and a number of other foods more than a year ago at the suggestion of Dr. Mark Hyman , a family practice physician and nutrition guru who has written several books on metabolism and weight loss .
Although Hyman determined that Green did n’t have celiac disease , he did attribute her indigestion and heartburn to several food sensitivities .
The retired TV executive says that since going on the gluten - free diet she ’s never felt better .
“ All my ailments went away , ” she says .
“ No more heartburn .
No more Nexium .
My desire for sweets went away .
Even my Achilles tendon , which hurts me , stopped hurting . ”
Hidden consequences
But those who elect to put themselves on a gluten - free diet without consulting a physician may be creating problems for themselves in two ways .
For one thing , it ’s difficult to diagnose celiac disease in a person who has been on a strict gluten - free diet for a long time , Esrailian says .
“ The diet can make the small intestinal inflammation less obvious on biopsy ” and affect the blood test .
And there are broader concerns .
Some dietitians worry about the long - term effects of a strict gluten - free diet on those who do n’t need to be on it , because in avoiding foods with gluten , people may give themselves nutritional deficiencies .
Those who elect to go on the diet need to watch that they get adequate amounts of B vitamins , particularly folic acid , Badaracco says .
From Esrailian ’s point of view , a good effect of the current fascination with gluten in food is that it has created more awareness of celiac disease .
But many acknowledge that what started as a quirky health kick may be out of hand .
“ If you just Google the silly thing , there ’s all sorts of dietitians and medical professionals against it , ” Badaracco says .
“ They ’re just not organized yet to [ band together and ] say , ‘ You know what ?
This is ridiculous . ’ ”
janet.cromley@latimes.com
MADISON - President Barack Obama 's signature on a bill this week to grant the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) regulatory authority over tobacco was historic , and represents a step in the march to eliminate tobacco use in this country by 2047 , two national tobacco experts said today ( June 25 ) .
The pair published " Stealing a March in the 21st Century : Accelerating Progress in the 100 - Year War Against Tobacco Addiction in the United States " in the July issue of the American Journal of Public Health .
Michael Fiore and Timothy Baker , director and associate director of the University of Wisconsin - Madison Center for Tobacco Research and Intervention ( UW - CTRI ) , respectively , chart milestones in beating tobacco addiction and map a battle plan to eradicate tobacco use in the next few decades .
The researchers analyzed data from the 1960s , when the first systemic tracking of smoking rates began , until the present .
" Numerous observers have claimed over time that tobacco use has plateaued and progress against its use has stalled , " the authors write .
" However , the remarkable decline in rates of tobacco use since the 1960s belies this claim and underscores the remarkable success of tobacco control efforts to date . "
Data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention show adults smoking between 1965 and 2007 dropped by an average of one half of one percentage point per year , from 42 percent to the current rate of about 20 percent rate .
While this rate of decline has n't occurred each year , the overall decrease has been quite steady .
The two researchers urge a nationwide effort designed to accelerate the rate of decline over the next 50 years through :
Substantial increases in federal and state tobacco excise taxes .
A national clean - indoor air law .
Elimination of nicotine from tobacco products .
Funds for an aggressive mass media campaign to counter the tide of tobacco industry ads and sponsorships .
A ban on tobacco advertising , promotion and sponsorship .
Evidence - based counseling and medication for every smoker who wants to quit .
Protecting young people , particularly those 17 and younger , from starting to smoke .
Research shows that a major genetic risk for lifelong nicotine dependence can be suppressed if young people avoid daily smoking prior to age 17 .
" The progress made in reducing tobacco use over the last 50 years should in no way temper our commitment to further reductions .
Nor should that progress be interpreted to mean tobacco use is less toxic or that tobacco companies are now on the ropes .
But , if appropriate steps are taken , a tobacco - free nation can be achieved within a few decades , " Fiore says .
Past success has been born of :
Tobacco tax increases .
Enactment of clean - indoor air laws .
Tobacco industry advertising restrictions .
Tobacco product - labeling requirements .
Policies that restrict youth access to tobacco products .
Mass media campaigns .
Increased availability and effectiveness of treatments to help current smokers quit .
In their article , Baker and Fiore called for FDA regulation of tobacco products to spur progress .
That bill was signed into law on June 22 , along with provisions that would further restrict tobacco industry targeting of kids , strengthen health warnings on tobacco packaging , require disclosure about what 's in tobacco products and ban terms like " light " and " mild " to describe cigarettes .
###
Can't wait for Microsoft's Windows 7 ?
Rumors are swirling that Best Buy may actually have a limited time early bird sale of the much - anticipated operating system .
Last week we were amongst the first to report Microsoft 's official release date for Windows 7 : October 22 .
That 's significantly earlier than most of our expectations ; the bulk of insiders had for a long time speculated that home and small business users would n't get their hands on the OS until early next year .
Best Buy Early Bird
Now there 's word that Best Buy might actually make Win 7 available for purchase as early as this very month .
A report from tech insiders Engadget suggests that a leaked memo from big box retailer Best Buy indicates a special two - week " presale " that would make the Windows 7 Home Premium Upgrade and Windows 7 Professional Upgrade available from June 26 until July 11 .
The rumored prices are $ 49.99 for the Premium Upgrade , and $ 99.99 for the Professional Upgrade .
The software can be purchased for these cheap prices and will then ship after October 22 .
( Source : engadget.com )
Apple Behind New Date ?
Best Buy is n't even trying to hide the memo .
In fact , the company proudly announced that it 's " very excited about it , " and that Windows 7 " is n't just a ' Vista that works ' program -- it 's a new operating system with improved productivity , functionality and creativity that uses less computer resources . "
( Source : nytimes.com )
It seems that Best Buy will also begin offering free upgrades to Windows 7 on any new PCs purchased after June 26 .
Best Buy 's move could in fact be a Microsoft one , since Apple had previously announced its intent to release the new Snow Leopard OS in September , a month before Windows 7 .
Brazil moved a step closer to passing a controversial law that would allow landowners who illegally deforested land in the Amazon to get legal title to these holdings .
Environmentalists say HB 458 — which now only needs the signature of President Lula , an avid supporter — will legitimize years of illegal colonization and may promote new deforestation .
“ This could be a big step backward for Amazonian conservation , ” said William F. Laurance , a researcher at the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute who has spent nearly three decades studying in the Brazilian Amazon .
“ The Amazonian environment is the clear loser here . ”
The proposed law will enable a claimant gain title for properties up to 1,500 hectares ( 3,700 acres ) provided the land was occupied before December 2004 .
Critics note the law favors industrial developers over small holders , allowing those controlling 400 - 1500 ha to sell their holdings after three years .
Farmers or ranchers holding under 400 ha have to wait 10 years to sell .
Former Environment Minister Marina Silva said the Senate ’s passage of HB 458 was the third worst day of her life , following the death of year father and the assassination of her mentor Chico Mendes , a leader of a rubber tapper union based in the Brazilian state of Acre .
She added the law would undermine Brazil ’s progress in formulating and implementing environmental protections , including the setting aside of 523,592 square kilometers of protected areas between 2003 and 2009 , an amount accounting for three - quarters of global protected areas established during that period .
HB 458 would grant land title to 300,000 properties illegally established across some 600,000 square kilometers ( 230,000 square miles ) of protected Amazon forest , more than offsetting the conservation gains of the past six years .
Development interests — including large - scale agroindustrial firms , cattle ranchers , loggers , and plantation forestry companies — have lobbied intensely to get HB 458 passed .
Supporters of the legislation say that while it will legitimize land - grabs prior to December 2004 , HB 458 move may improve governance in an otherwise lawless region where conflict over land and complete disregard of environmental regulations is widespread .
Related articles
Political infighting in Brazil threatens the Amazon rainforest
( 06/01/2009 ) Brazil ’s Environment Minister Carlos Minc accused other government agencies of working to undermine environmental laws in favor of Amazon development projects , report Reuters and the Associated Press .
His charge comes a year after his predecessor , Senator Marina Silva , resigned due to the same opposition from development interests .
Minc has taken an active role in battling Amazon deforestation , reducing credit access to illegal loggers and ranchers , seizing agricultural products and cattle produced on illegally deforested lands , and pushing for new protected areas .
His efforts have angered powerful development interests and at times have put his at odds with President Lula , who is promoting new road and hydroelectric projects .
Brazil moves closer to legitimizing illegal land - grab in the Amazon
( 05/17/2009 ) Brazil moved a step closer to approving a controversial law that would grant land title to 300,000 properties illegally established across some 600,000 square kilometers ( 230,000 square miles ) of protected Amazon forest , reports AFP .
The move may improve governance in otherwise lawless areas , but could carry a steep environmental cost without safeguards .
New legislation in Brazil opens up road - paving across country , threatening Amazon
( 04/21/2009 ) Brazil ’s Chamber of Deputies has approved a measure that would speed up paving roads across the country , including paving a road that environmentalists have long - fought , BR - 319 .
Environmental groups across the nation have warned of widespread deforestation if the measure passes the Senate and is signed by the president .
A Denial of Service ( DoS ) vulnerability has been found in all versions of Ruby 1.8.x :
Conversion from BigDecimal objects into Float numbers had a problem which enables attackers to effectively cause segmentation faults .
ActiveRecord relies on this method , so most Rails applications are affected by this .
Though this is not a Rails - specific issue .
The Riding Rails blog also points out the vulnerability :
The upcoming Rails 2.3.3 release will include some minor mitigating changes to reduce some potential attack vectors for this vulnerability .
However these mitigations will not close every potential method of attack and users should still upgrade their ruby installation as soon as possible .
The blog also points to NZKoz ' bigdecimal - segfault - fix , a temporary fix for users who can't immediately upgrade their Ruby installation - although upgrading is the only proper solution since this fix can break applications .
All Ruby 1.8.x versions are affected - the first fixed versions of Ruby are Ruby 1.8.6-p369 ( 1.8.6 FTP Download Link ) and Ruby 1.8.7-p173 ( 1.8.7 FTP Download Link ) .
JRuby also seems to be affected .
Bug JRUBY - 3744 tracks the issue and says :
JRuby seems to be affected as well .
It does n't crash , but appears to be stuck in an infinite loop .
[ Note : This post may upset some people .
It damn sure upset me .
If you are easily upset by pediatric medical stories that do not end well , then you might want to skip reading this .
The title alone may be all you need to know . ]
Homeopathy is the antiscientific belief that infinitely diluted medicine in water can cure various ailments .
It 's perhaps the most ridiculous of all " alternative " medicines , since it clearlycannot work , does not work , and has been tested repeatedly and shown to be useless .
And for those who ask , " what 's the harm ? " , you may direct your question to Thomas Sam and his wife Manju Sam , whose nine - month - old daughter died because of their homeopathic beliefs .
The infant girl , Gloria Thomas , died of complications due to eczema .
Eczema .
This is an easily - treatable skin condition ( the treatments do n't cure eczema but do manage it ) , but that treatment was withheld from the baby girl by her parents , who rejected the advice of doctors and instead used homeopathic treatments .
The baby 's condition got worse , with her skin covered in rashes and open cracks .
These cracks let in germs which her tiny body had difficulty fighting off .
She became undernourished as she used all her nutrients to fight infections instead of for growth and the other normal body functions of an infant .
She was constantly sick and in pain , but her parents stuck with homeopathy .
When the baby girl developed an eye infection , her parents finally took her to a hospital , but it was far too late : little Gloria Thomas succumbed to septicemia from the infection .
Thomas and Manju Sam were convicted yesterday of manslaughter in Australian court .
As a parent myself I cannot even begin to imagine the pain they are going through , the anguish and the emotional horror .
But let us be clear here : their belief in a clearly wrong antiscientific medical practice killed their baby .
Homeopathy does n't work , but because they were raised in an environment that supports belief in homeopathy , they trusted it .
They used it , and they rejected real , science - based medicine .
And their daughter suffered the consequences .
And suffer she did .
The accounts of the pediatricians who tried too late to help little Gloria Thomas are simply harrowing .
Every time I hear about something like this -- a baby dying due to " alternative " medicine , or the lies and disinformation from the antivaccination movement , or some other belief system that flies in the face of reality -- a little bit of me dies as well .
I held my daughter shortly after she was born , and I would have done anything to protect her , and that included and still includes protecting her against people who fight so adamantly against reality .
The reality is that the antivaxxers ' work will result in babies dying .
The reality is that belief in homeopathy will result in more babies dying .
The reality is that denying science - based medicine will result in more babies dying .
And I know these words will fall on many deaf ears .
And I will guarantee the comments to this post will contain many loud and irrational arguments supporting homeopathy and the antivaxxers .
I 've seen it before , and I know that many of those people are completely immune to reason and logic .
And if you wonder what might wake them up , the answer may very well be nothing .
Just read what Gloria Thomas ' father -- the man just convicted of the manslaughter of his own daughter -- had to say :
But even after Gloria died , Thomas Sam adhered to his belief that homeopathy was equally valid to conventional medicine for the treatment of eczema .
He told police : " Conventional medicine would have prolonged her life ... with more misery .
It 's not going to cure her and that 's what I strongly believe . "
He and his wife face 25 years in jail , where they will have plenty of time to rethink their convictions .
Opera has taken the wraps off a new service called Opera Unite , which allows users to transform their personal computer into a Web - connected media and information sharing service .
Opera Unite is part of the latest beta version of the Opera 10 browser , and allows inventive Web developers to create just about any Web app they can imagine , and then enables users to host the app themselves .
Opera Unite basically turns your personal computer into an ad- hoc Web server .
Various " services " can be loaded and activated via the browser , allowing your machine to share files with friends , stream MP3s , or even serve a full website .
One service , Photo Sharing , lets you simply point to a folder full of photos on your own hard drive and serve them as an online photo gallery .
" Today , we are opening the full potential of the Web for everyone , " said Jon von Tetzchner , Opera CEO , in a statement .
" With server capability in the browser , Web developers can create Web applications with profound ease .
Consumers have the flexibility to choose private and efficient ways of sharing information . "
Setup of Opera Unite is a snap .
We took Opera United for a quick spin , and it is remarkably easy to set up .
First , you need the latest beta build of Opera , which has the feature included .
Once launched , clicking a small button in the lower left corner activates Unite .
From there , everything is configured via a Unite panel .
If you do n't already have an Opera ID , a form comes up to sign up for one .
Then you are given the option to name your machine .
After those steps , which took all of about two minutes , your machine can be accessed with a clever URL scheme : with Opera Unite running on my MacBook , the URL is http://macbook.foresmac.operaunite.com .
Each service can be activated separately , so you only have to run whatever services you 're interested in .
The six included services are File Sharing , the Fridge , Media Player , Photo Sharing , The Lounge , and Web Server .
File Sharing and Web Server are pretty self - explanitory , and the aforementioned Photo Sharing creates online galleries .
Fridge is a virtual refrigerator where friends can leave a note via a virtual stickie , and Media Player streams music files .
The Lounge creates a chat room that you can host from your own computer .
" Do n't forget , NSCoders meet up July 2 . "
The Fridge is a really nice - looking version of Facebook 's " wall . "
All the services , save the Fridge , have access controls that give you the option of making the service open to anyone , accessible only to those with a password , or private — accessible only to the user .
For instance , you might not want to open your machine to let the entire world stream your music collection , but you might want to be able to stream those files from , say , your office .
Each service gets its own URL , so to see someone 's Fridge , for instance , the URL is http://machine_name.opera_id.operaunite.com/fridge .
And setting up the File Sharing , Media Player , Photo Sharing , and Web Server services was as simple as pointing it to a particular folder to use as source material .
Opera Unite will use UPnP to open the correct ports in your broadband router , so you do n't have to worry about setting up port - forwarding and configuring a NAT .
And Opera 's servers act as a proxy , enabling a layer of security — an important consideration when you 're opening up your personal machine to the entire Web .
After a few minutes of configuring the services , I had several friends trying out the different services .
" It 's weird having you watch me while listening to your music , " one friend joked while streaming some of my A Tribe Called Quest tracks .
Media Player makes streaming your iTunes Library a snap , as long as everything is in MP3 format .
After getting everything running , though , there were some issues that did n't quite make it a seamless experience .
Unsurprisingly , speed was an issue .
Even with a mid-tier cable broadband connection , and my MacBook 's CPU staying relatively idle , many of the services loaded slowly .
Often , some of the small preview images generated by the Photo Sharing service would n't load , and the ones that did were heavily compressed .
The Media Player service will only load MP3 files , not the AAC files that the majority of my iTunes library is filled with .
And , with the help of several friends , I discovered that streaming would only work with Opera and the latest betas of Camino and Firefox .
The latest Safari and Mobile Safari wo n't work , so no streaming to your iPhone .
And using a special URL which includes the password for protected services does n't work with all browsers , some of which require entering the password manually .
The good news is that Opera has a Unite API , so developers — or even " enthusiasts with a little standards savvy , " said evangelist and Web developer Molly Holzschlag — can design new services using JavaScript , HTML , and CSS .
Once uploaded to the Unite website , users can download them and add them to their Unite setup .
So it should be relatively trivial for someone to come up with new services that can improve on any shortcomings .
Opera already has a pretty complete primer to get developers up to speed , as well as a templating library for developers to use in their projects .
Savvy developers could obviously configure their own server on a spare machine , or even set up an account with a Web hosting service and do all of the things that Opera Unite can do .
In many cases , that might even be a better solution .
But for small needs , or just having complete control over how and what gets served that a mere mortal can set up , I 've never seen anything that compares to Opera Unite .
The services seem to work fine in most any browser , and the Photo Sharing looks great , if a little basic .
Using the Opera Unite API , though , developers can create more advanced services .
" Our computers are only dumb terminals connected to other computers ( meaning servers ) owned by other people — such as large corporations — who we depend upon to host our words , thoughts , and images , " wrote Lawerence Eng , Product Analyst for Opera , about the thinking behind Unite .
" We depend on them to do it well and with our best interests at heart .
We place our trust in these third parties , and we hope for the best , but as long as our own computers are not first class citizens on the Web , we are merely tenants , and hosting companies are the landlords of the Internet . "
So , Opera Unite is intended to change that equation by turning every personal computer into a Web server , effectively " socializing " how Web content is stored and served .
Opera sees the technology as empowering everyone with a computer to be the complete masters of their domain ( pardon the pun ) , so instead of being beholden to hosting companies , or forcing their content to fit the likes of Facebook or Myspace , anyone that can launch a browser and click a mouse can do so .
The concept is an ambitious one , and Opera Unite seems like it is off to an solid start in the right direction .
Syracuse , NY --
A witness testified today she heard Dwight DeLee make a derogatory comment about homosexuals as he approached the car in which Moses Cannon was sitting last Nov. 14 .
Erica Allison said she then heard a sound that she later learned was a gunshot and people started running from the scene .
Allison , however , said she never actually saw a weapon of any kind in DeLee 's possession that night .
She identified in court a . 22 - caliber rifle police recovered at the scene as belonging to her brother , David Junious .
DeLee is charged with second - degree murder as a hate crime , accused of intentionally killing Cannon because of his sexual orientation .
Cannon was known to his family as a transgender person who used the name Lateisha " Tiesh " Green .
Allison testified today that she and the other people who were with her outside her Seymour Street home knew about Cannon 's sexual orientation .
She said Cannon generally dressed as a female , but was not dressed as a woman the night of the shooting .
Allison said people were just having a good time drinking and listening to music and she never heard anyone else make any derogatory comments before DeLee said what he said as he walked toward the car in which Cannon was sitting .
Although Allison said she never saw anyone with a gun , she admitted that when she was brought to police headquarters for questioning , she indicated to detectives that DeLee was the gunman who shot Cannon .
Really , Really Custom Software was originally published August 29 , 2007 .
" Tim was a hardware engineer for a large technology company , " wrote in Brent , " and was responsible for analyzing cable signals .
He purchased a tool to analyze these signals from a different company , call them Initech . "
" From the start , Tim noticed curious feature about Initech 's tool and its corresponding hardware .
For example , the documentation described how to connect probes to the hardware , but Initech had accidently reversed the labeling such that plus connected to minus and minus connected to plus .
Oops .
" Even more odd , Initech 's software tool expected the user to know what strangely - worded buttons did , and in what order they had to be pressed .
Still , for the most part this tool got the job done .
" Then one day Tim encountered a problem .
He realized that Initech 's tool needed a pause feature , so he contacted Initech to request this feature be added .
Suprisingly , they responded very quickly .
The very next day he receieved a new version of the program , and this screenshot of the new " pause " feature should speak for itself :
Enlarge New York Presbyterian Hospital Heather McNamara stands with lead surgeon Tomoaki Kato and her father Joe McNamara .
DAILY HEALTH BLOG DAILY HEALTH BLOG
Get wellness tips , medical study roundups and news for healthy living here , including info on ... • Fitness and nutrition
• Parenting / kids ' health
• Watercooler - worthy bits Heather McNamara , 7 , was discharged from a New York hospital Tuesday after a daring , high - risk operation last month in which doctors removed six vital organs so they could take out a baseball - sized tumor that had invaded her abdomen and threatened her life .
The marathon Feb. 6 operation lasted 23 hours .
It was the first of its kind in a child and the second in the world , said the lead surgeon , Tomoaki Kato .
In effect , the young cancer patient was both the donor and recipient of her own organs .
INSURANCE : 21 % scramble to pay medical , drug bills LIVING WITH CANCER : Patients , survivors , loved ones share advice BETTER LIFE : Enter the surgical suite
At a press conference Tuesday Heather 's parents thanked the hospital staff for giving them back their little girl .
When asked if she was anxious to go home and sleep in her own bed , Heather turned to her parents and said " actually , I 'm sleeping with you guys . "
" She 's doing fantastic , " her father , Joseph McNamara , of Islip Terrace , Long Island , said in an interview Monday as the two played Old Maid in her room at New York - Presbyterian Morgan Stanley Children 's Hospital , noting that she spent from 10:30 a.m. to noon in the hospital 's school for pediatric patients .
Kato 's team removed and chilled the child 's stomach , pancreas , spleen , liver and small and large intestines as they would for transplantation , so they could be restored after the tumor was taken out .
" This was a very high - risk procedure , " Kato said .
" It was a big responsibility .
I was very nervous . "
The transplant specialist said the cancer had spread so widely that the girl 's stomach , pancreas and spleen could n't be saved .
In place of her stomach , Kato 's team fashioned a pouch from intestinal tissue to hold food before it moves into the small intestine for digestion .
The loss of her pancreas turned the child into a diabetic who will need insulin injections and digestive enzymes .
Without a spleen , she 'll face a heightened risk of infection .
She can eat ordinary food , supplemented for now by a pump worn in a school - style backpack .
Kato said the surgery was so risky that the girl 's father , 46 , was prepped to be a live organ donor in case surgeons could n't salvage his daughter 's liver .
Kareem Abu-Elmagd , a University of Pittsburgh transplant surgeon , said : " It was a gamble .
I admire Kato for having the courage to do this . "
Kato said the gamble took a toll on him , too .
" Afterwards , I was about to collapse , " he said .
" I slept for five or six hours on a couch . "
Last year , at the University of Miami , Kato carried out the first such operation , on a 62 - year - old South Florida woman , whom he said is doing well .
For her part , Heather said she 's feeling fine and can't wait to get home .
She 's missing her sister , Stephanie , 10 , and a Pomeranian named Angel .
" I love to play with my dog , " she said .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Según el periódico DailyMail se invierten más de 3 millones de dólares americanos en el mundo del porno .
Entre los principales inversores se encuentran :
John Calister : Actor porno mexicano y co-fundador de la marca de lencería Calister .
Productora de Videos XXX de incesto mexicano : Portal web el cual alberga más de 30.000 vídeos xxx mexicanos y es lider indiscutible en Internet .
Lucía Curbren : Actriz porno mexicana que se encuentra posicionada entre las 50 mejores actrices xxx del mundo .
Los negocios dotados de esta inversion pornográfica han sido :
Estudios Morello :
Un estudio de cine que desde el 2017 se ha dedicado exclusivamente a la grabación de escenas XXX en el estado de Florida .
Consoladores para cine porno :
No es lo mismo un consolador de uso doméstico , que un consolador porno profesional .
Eso es algo que conocen y saben los productores porno mexicanos .
¿ Por qué buscan inversión los negocios porno ?
Es muy difícil escalar en este negocio si no tienes el respaldo de una firma multimillonaria .
No puedes buscar ayudas en el gobierno por culpa de la imagen del mundo xxx en México .
Es por ello que muchos de los empresarios que se dedican a este sector saben que la única salida es fichar con una famosa actriz porno que haya grabado al rededor de 30 películas porno sobre incesto , y que de la mano vaya con al menos 20 patrocinadores .
¿ Por qué el Incesto es la categoría mejor valorada ?
Dinero , esa es la respuesta .
El porno de la categoría incesto es el favorito por todo el planeta .
Coinciden en esta afirmación los 15 portales porno más famosos del mundo .
La mayoría de los hombres de entre 20 - 25 años prefiere ver videos porno de incesto que de milfs o abuelas .
¿ Cuantas películas porno sobre incesto mexicano hay disponibles en Internet ?
Se han documentado más de 50.000 películas porno de este tipo en Internet .
El coleccionista de films eróticos Jaume Cardiengs , escribió un libro en 2014 llamado « El incesto es el porno del presente » en el cual nos exhibe como Europa prefiere ver este tipo de porno .
¿ Cómo deben de ser las actrices porno para una película de incesto ?
Bajitas , piel clara y muy guarras .
Esas tienen que ser las características de las modelos porno en una película incestuosa .
People are accused of sharing games such as Dream Pinball Some 20 net users have come forward claiming they have been wrongly accused of illegally sharing video games .
It follows an investigation by Which ?
Computing magazine into a couple who were accused of playing a game they claim they had never heard of .
That case was dropped but other internet users have come forward , claiming to be falsely accused .
They face the threat of court action - or fines of up to £ 665 - for sharing copyrighted games .
Some 6,000 letters have been sent out by law firm ACS Law , on behalf of firms such as Reality Pump and Topware Interactive , who are the copyright owners of video games Two Worlds and Dream Pinball respectively .
The government is keen to crack down on pirates , and the recently published Digital Britain report said that they could be pursued through the courts .
" The government is basically calling for a crackdown on illegal file - sharers , which is fair enough , but we 've got serious concerns about the process which identifies alleged file - sharers and we believe that innocent people are being accused , " said Sarah Kidner , editor of Which ?
Computing .
The IP addresses of alleged file - sharers are initially obtained by anti-piracy firm Logistep which uses software that monitors file - sharing sites .
A court order is then sent to the relevant internet service provider , forcing them to reveal the identity of the person behind the IP address .
Imperfect The Internet Service Providers ' Association ( ISPA ) has admitted that the process could be flawed .
" We 're not convinced of the efficacy of the software and not confident in its ability to identify users , " it told Which ?
Computing .
Last year , the magazine highlighted the case of Scottish couple Gill and Ken Murdoch , aged 54 and 66 , who were accused of sharing the game Race 07 , published by Atari .
At the time , Mrs Murdoch told Which : " We do not have , and have never had , any computer game or sharing software .
We did not even know what ' peer to peer ' was until we received the letter . "
The case was dropped and the law firm responsible for sending the letter , Davenport Lyons , is being investigated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mike Huckabee in Iowa :
" I hear people who give advice that the Republicans need to moderate .
They need to be a little more to the left , " Huckabee said in an interview with The Associated Press .
" It sounds like advice that Democrats would give to us so that we 'd never win another election ever . "
So the GOP 's problem in 2008 was that they moved too far to the left ?
" It 's when they move to the mushy middle and get squishy that they get beat , " he said .
To be fair and balanced , Mike Huckabee is full of crap -- or he 's changed his philosophy since the 2008 president campaign .
Back then , he said :
" I would be the kind of Republican who does n't scare the living daylights out of people who are in the center or slightly to the left , " he said .
During the 2008 campaign Huckabee said the GOP needs to appeal to moderates and to the left .
Now he says the GOP needs to stay to the right of Attila the Hun .
Rupert Murdoch must be paying him some awful nice coin .
Swine Flu Over The Cuckoo's Nest
For immediate release : Epigrams for an epidemic
( ACPA - Atlanta ) Researchers at the Center for Disease Control ( CDC ) in Atlanta have made a startling discovery in the battle to overcome the swine flu .
It turns out that learning about swine flu is more dangerous than catching swine flu .
But preventative measures can be taken and by following some simple advice , major symptoms can be alleviated .
The CDC report should bring hope to the thousands of Americans who are dashing into emergency rooms nationwide with runny noses .
" Temporary insanity and loss of good judgment appear to be the primary symptoms that arise , after learning about Swine flu , " said Dr. John Heir , head of research at the CDC .
" To receive immediate relief from these symptoms , we strongly recommend that people stop watching the never - ending scare stories on CNN . "
Other symptoms include flushed cheeks and difficulty breathing , both of which the CDC claim can be alleviated by stopping use of face masks while going about your daily business .
Numbness of the legs can be prevented by walking around the emergency room while you wait for a doctor to tell you that there is nothing wrong with you , other than the infections you picked up while waiting in line .
Hollywood is getting in on the action and plans are in the works for a movie about the madness , tentatively named " Swine flu over the cuckoo 's nest . "
80's pin-up Miss Piggy is rumored to be taking a leading role , alongside her son Frank , who will be cutting his acting chops in his first starring role .
Kevin Bacon will have a supporting role and no doubt the whole affair will be a ham - fisted attempt at humor .
Click here for all our Satire News Stories
Tim Geithner has a clever new way to " recapitalize " banks that fail the stress test : Convert the taxpayer 's preferred stock to common stock .
From Geithner 's perspective , this technique has several advantages :
The banks will suddenly seem healthy , because their assets - to - common equity ratios will rise .
Geithner does n't have to ask Congress for more baillout money yet .
Taxpayers wo n't understand that they 're giving up a nice dividend and a safer security just to make the banks look better .
If Geithner is right that what 's wrong with the banks is just a temporary liquidity problem , the taxpayer should do well when the stocks rise .
( We do n't think he 's right . )
Unfortunately , the plan also has two major flaws :
First , it 's smoke and mirrors .
Second , the taxpayers will be even more exposed to losses than they are now .
Why ?
Because the banks will still have the same amount of crap assets on their balance sheets , and they 'll have no more capital available to absorb these losses when they hit .
The only thing that will change is that the taxpayer will now get hit first as these losses flow through , instead of getting hit second , as is the case now .
The banks ' bondholders , meanwhile , will still be protected to the tune of 100 cents on the dollar ( by administration policy ) .
If the common equity is wiped out by the losses , therefore , the government will have to dig into the taxpayer 's pockets to cover any shortfall .
( See Paul Kasriel 's detailed explanation below ) .
In other words , Geithner has hatched yet another plan to avoid dealing with the bank problem once and for all .
How would he do that ?
As we 've argued , we think the best way would have been to seize the banks and restructure them .
Since Geithner has opted against the route , however , the next best way would be to convert unsecured bank debt to equity , not just the taxpayers ' preferred stock ( the taxpayers ' preferred stock should have been senior to all the bondholders , but that 's spilt milk at this point ) .
Converting actual debt to equity would give the banks a much bigger cushion with which to absorb losses .
It would split the bank ownership up among current common shareholders , taxpayers , and current debtholders , which would help Geithner avoid having to take full control .
It would also , finally , stop exposing the taxpayer to further losses .
The idea that bondholders should share the bank pain is finally gaining some momentum .
Let 's hope that continues in the coming weeks .
Why is Geithner 's new plan just " accounting alchemy ? "
Paul Kasriel of Northern Trust explains :
Consider Balance Sheet One of hypothetical Gotham City Bank .
Assets equal liabilities plus
common equity .
But suppose the Treasury believes that Gotham should have a ratio of common equity to total
assets of 10 % rather than the 5 % it currently has .
No problem .
Treasury will just convert $ 5 of
the preferred shares it owns in Gotham to $ 5 of common equity .
This is shown in Balance
Sheet Two .
Now Gotham is well capitalized , right ?
Wrong .
The depositors and the bond holders always were in line in front of the preferred shareholders in case Gotham had to be liquidated .
So , moving $ 5 from the preferred equity category to the common equity category does not make the depositors and bond holders any better off .
Are taxpayers any worse off ?
Not really .
If Gotham ’s original $ 5 of common equity was not going to be enough of a cushion to protect depositors and bondholders , then taxpayers were not going to get all of their preferred - share holdings back anyway .
Now suppose that $ 30 of Gotham ’s loans and investments become uncollectible , as shown in Balance Sheet Three .
This means that all of Gotham ’s common equity has been wiped out .
Infact , Gotham now has an equity “ deficiency ” of $ 20 .
No problem , according to Treasury .
It will simply convert its remaining $ 10 of preferred equity to common equity .
That wo n’t cut it in this case .
As shown in Balance Sheet Four , Gotham still has a common equity deficiency of $ 10 .
In other words , if Gotham were to be liquidated , there are only $ 70 of assets to pay off $ 60 of deposits and $ 20 of bonds .
Either the Treasury would have to come up with $ 10 of new funds or bondholders would have to take a 50 % haircut .
If the Treasury wanted to keep Gotham open and with a ratio of common equity to total assets of 10 % , Treasury would have to inject $ 17 of new funds , all of which would be common equity .
In other words , Treasury , meaning us taxpayers , would own 100 % of Gotham .
In sum , Treasury ’s plan to enhance the capitalization of some financial institutions by beating
preferred equity shares into common equity shares is accounting alchemy .
WIDI Recognition System
A powerful Audio To MIDI Converter ( MP3 to MIDI , WAVE to MIDI ) with many extended options .
Download free trial :
Imagine the creative potential of a musical mind like Mozart's , and how much more prolific his genius may have been if he had not had to spend all that time writing it down .
With a quill pen dipped in ink , no less .
Undoubtedly , the creative flow of musicians has been enhanced by digital tools , and music lovers everywhere benefit from the increased access to new and independently - produced music .
WIDI Recognition System has enhanced features for automated music recognition and transcription , converting MP3 to MIDI format with an intelligent interface and Recognition Wizard .
TrueTone Editor is the tool in the Professional Edition that allows users to correct the results of automatic recognition with a visual comparison of spectrogram peaks to the notes .
List of main WIDI highlights .
Read what people say about WIDI .
More about WIDI Recognition System .
WIDI Audio to MIDI plugin
Realtime plugin for Audio to MIDI conversion available in VST or Audio Unit form .
Download VST plugin trial : Download Audio Unit trial :
It is a realtime Audio to MIDI conversion plugin .
The plugin receives input from an audio channel and performs realtime music recognition .
Several MIDI output methods can be chosen .
Detected notes , signal spectrum and chord names are displayed in the plugin window .
Adjustable recognition parameters allow improving transcription quality .
VST edition supports most of VST capable sequencers ( VST hosts ) for Microsoft Windows and macOS .
Audio Unit edition is compatible with many popular Audio Unit - compatible audio production systems for macOS .
More about VST edition ...
More about AU edition ...
Able MIDI Editor
Inexpensive simple piano - roll MIDI Editor for Windows .
Download free trial :
Able MIDI Editor is a music editor for Windows .
It enables you to compose and edit music in MIDI form .
The Editor is designed similarly to a Piano Roll , i.e. the time axis is located horizontally , and different positions on the vertical line correspond to different pitches .
Able MIDI Editor 's unique feature is the ability of precise bar - line arrangement .
You can adjust bars manually , so that majority of notes do not cross bar lines , and the sound of the piece is not altered .
In particular , this might be very useful when preparing data recorded with a MIDI Keyboard for score printing .
Sophisticated MIDI features such as controllers or pedals are not supported .
More about Able MIDI Editor ...
The motor should be fine .
The batteries should be fine , might get a little corroded .
But the controller as well as the throttle mechanism will not like the rain at all .
If you get the controller out of the rain and the throttle grip is cleaned and lubed you can try placing a bag over it and you should be OK .
Maintain it , and spray it down with electric motor cleaner and re grease it nighlty to keep it water resistant .
Read my lips -- " WTF ? ! "
Okay , okay ... allow us to explain :
The chick using President George H.W. Bush 's lap as a seat cushion in this photo is NOT a stripper -- she 's a " performer . "
In fact , the woman , Katie Cameron , and a bunch of fellow actors from a playhouse production of " A Chorus Line " were invited to the Bushes ' private vacation home in Maine yesterday to celebrate Barbara 's 84th birthday .
No word on who got to blow out the candles .
If you were wondering what spurred Connecticut authorities to issue an arrest warrant for white supremacist and hate - radio talk show host Hal Turner of North Bergen , it can be found on his Web site .
Apparently , Turner , as he often does , was advocating violence against a Connecticut state assenmblyman and state senator ; and he went on to say that if the authorities got involved they too would be in danger .
Connecticut officials want to extradite him to their state .
A North Bergen spokesman said Turner is currently at Hudson County jail .
Here is is commentary , pulled directly from the Web site :
This is a direct government assault upon the Catholic Church , in absolute violation of the First Amendment to the Constitution for the United States .
It is very clear to us at the Turner Radio Network that the state of Connecticut has become tyrannical and abusive .
It is actively and aggressively attempting to directly interfere with the internal governance of a church and the free exercise of religion .
It is retaliating against citizens for exercising their right to petition for redress of grievances .
This is tyranny and it must be put down .
While filing a lawsuit is quaint and the " decent " way to handle things , we at TRN believe that being decent to a group of tyrannical scumbags is the wrong approach .
It 's too soft .
Thankfully , the Founding Fathers gave us the tools necessary to resolve tyranny : The Second Amendment .
TRN advocates Catholics in Connecticut take up arms and put down this tyranny by force .
To that end , THIS WEDNESDAY NIGHT ON " THE HAL TURNER SHOW " we will be releasing the home addresses of the Senator and Assemblyman who introduced Bill 1098 as well as the home address of Thomas K. Jones from the OSE .
After all , if they are so proud of what they 're doing , they should n;t mind if everyone knows where they live .
It is our intent to foment direct action against these individuals personally .
These beastly government officials should be made an example of as a warning to others in government :
Obey the Constitution or die .
If any state attorney , police department or court thinks they 're going to get uppity with us about this ; I suspect we have enough bullets to put them down too .
The state pushed ; it is about to get pushed back .
Elected and other government officials sometimes need to be put in their place .
They serve ; they do not rule .
They need to learn their place or be put there by force .
He never got to broadcast the addresses , since he was arrested yesterday afternoon .
I have designed those circuits for my own hobby use and are presented here as is .
I have tested the circuits presented in this page but there is no guarantee that the circuit descriptions and diagrams are entirely correct .
I will try to correct all the error in the circuit diagrams when I or somebody else find those .
Please note that I do not supply electronic components or kits for building any of the projects featured .
I do not have list which would be the best source to get the needed components in various countries .
I strongly advise readers to check that all parts are available before commencing any project .
Index
These pages are not an advertisement for a commercial product .
I do n't have components , circuit boards or kits for sale for those projects ( if someone has interrest in turning some of those circuits to kits and sell then contact me for more deltails ) .
The circuits are mostly build on some quite small set of basic electronics components which I basically use when I need to build something which does not need any very special components .
I will try to answer your questions if they are relevant but I do n't have too much free time nowadays .
This information and the circuits are provided as is without any express or implied warranties .
While every effort has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the information contained in this text , the authors / maintainers / contributors assume no responsibility for errors or omissions , or for damages resulting from the use of the information contained herein .
I disclaim everything .
The contents of the articles below might be totally inaccurate , inappropriate , or misguided .
There is no guarantee as to the suitability of said circuits and information for any purpose whatsoever other than as a self - training aid .
I.E. If it blows your equipments , trashes your hard disc , wipes your backup , burns your building down or just plain do n't work , IT ISN'T MY FAULT .
In the event of judicial ruling to the contrary , any liability shall be limited to the sum charged on you by us for the aforementioned document or nothing , whichever is the lower .
I will not be held responsible for any damages or costs which might occur as a result of my advice or designs .
Not any of my designs are allowed to be used for commercial purposes without my written authorization .
The circuits above are mainly designed using components which are easily available types in Europe .
When I start to design circuits I usually pic the components from my basic electronics components list .
If you have problems on finding components to the electronics project on this document collection then do n't e-mail me how to find those components .
I know where to buy the components in Helsinki in Finland .
If you happen to live in some other country or city then I do n't know what are good places for you toget those components .
Please consult my list of electronics component dealers to find one which can supply you the components .
If you happen to live in USA , you can't easlity get exactly the same components , but you can find suitable replacements for most of the components from Radio Shack using my European component types to Radio Shack types table .
If you have problems in reading the component value markings then read the component markings description document .
FAQs I have written
If this nasty rust is what toxic Chinese - made wallboard can do to your home ’s pipes , imagine what it can do to your own .
More about that will become known when the Senate subcommittee on Consumer Protection , Product Safety and Insurance opens a long - awaited congressional hearing today ( May 21 ) on the defective product , which is being linked to health problems .
Subcommittee member U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson , D - Fla . has been pushing for the hearing for several weeks .
“ We now know there are three things in there that are n’t in other drywall samples .
We ’ve got the what , and now we need the why and how do we fix it ? ” said Nelson .
The Palm Beach Post reported that the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) sent letters this month to the Florida Department of Health and the Department of Homeland Security revealing the results of tests done on four samples of American and two samples of Chinese wallboard .
Chinese samples showed to be 83 parts per million and 119 parts per million of sulfur .
Sulfur was not found in any of the American samples .
Also , a metal analysis found the presence of strontium at significantly higher levels than in the American samples .
Strontium sulfide is known to emit corrosive gases in moist air .
Two organic compounds , which are found in acrylic paints , were also found in the foreign product and not in the domestic wallboard .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) and other federal agencies are investigating complaints that the drywall is causing health problems .
So far , the Florida Health Department has told homeowners more testing is needed to link the drywall to ailments .
For now , builders are the ones taking the heat for the wallboard installed in thousands of Florida homes and in other states between 2000 and 2008 .
Lawsuits have been filed by homeowners stuck with a product that emits sulfuric odors and gases responsible for corroding electrical wiring , air conditioning components , bathroom fixtures such as toilet handles and silver jewelry .
During a different Senate subcommittee meeting this week on how to hold foreign manufacturers accountable , a Mobile , Ala . - based home builder shared his problems with Chinese drywall and the difficulties he ’s had getting a response .
Chuck Stefan of The Mitchell Company argued no one has helped to find a solution to the mess , or even called him back about the crisis .
Did builders have any way to know the Chinese - made product was yet another defective import from the people who bought us toxic toys and tainted milk ?
If not , I do n’t see how they can be blamed .
For the sake of our health and well being it ’s time to stop importing from China .
A city - sized iceberg has broken off an island near Antarctica .
The iceberg is about 8 miles wide and 15 miles long .
It broke free of the Fimbul Ice Shelf , a large glacial ice sheet along the northwestern section of Queen Maud Land , in the eastern Weddell Sea near Antarctica .
The discovery was announced Friday .
The National Ice Center , using visible satellite imagery from the Defense Meteorological Satellite Program , spotted the iceberg now named named D - 16 .
Iceberg names are derived from the Antarctic quadrant where they are first sighted .
Last year , a larger wandering iceberg named B - 15A rammed into the continent and single - handedly ripped two other new city - sized icebergs free .
