Raise high the red banner of militancy at the Polytechnic University of the Philippines !
Onward the proletariat !
Or whatever .
Christ Jesus , PUP student leaders , does n’t wrecking school equipment sort of , I do n’t know , suddenly justify the tuition fee increase you guys are protesting ?
Sort of like shooting yourself in the foot there , guys .
And then , of course , next year , there ’ll be protests against the lack of desks and chairs because of the state ’s abandonment of its responsibility to provide quality education .
Which is probably true , but you wo n’t have chairs chiefly because you guys broke them .
The 1,700 - percent tuition fee increase from 12 pesos per unit to 200 pesos per unit wo n’t even buy one desk , I ’m thinking .
So , onward , onward .
I guess .
One student leader , to show his solidarity with the students , has this to say :
“ Actually , I have final exams today .
But I was thinking , ‘ what if next year I ca n’t take finals anymore because the tuition fee is so high ? ’
So we decided to protest instead . ”
News flash for you , scholar : if , for some reason , you are n’t able to take your exams next year , that could be because you failed your finals this year by , I do n’t know , not taking them .
A - plus .
( Thanks , mouse )
The Third Estate Sunday Review focuses on politics and culture .
We 're an online magazine .
We do n't play nice and we do n't kiss butt .
In the words of Tuesday Weld : " I do not ever want to be a huge star .
Do you think I want a success ?
I refused " Bonnie and Clyde " because I was nursing at the time but also because deep down I knew that it was going to be a huge success .
The same was true of " Bob and Carol and Fred and Sue " or whatever it was called .
It reeked of success . "
This website uses cookies .
By browsing this website , you consent to the use of cookies .
Learn More
.-
In a final , urgent plea to prevent the passage of the current form of the Senate health care bill , the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops ( USCCB ) on Saturday evening sent a letter to Congressmen asking them to vote “ no . ”
“ For decades , ” the letter says , “ the United States Catholic bishops have supported universal health care .
The Catholic Church teaches that health care is a basic human right , essential for human life and dignity . ”
“ Our community of faith , ” the bishops continue , “ provides health care to millions , purchases health care for tens of thousands and addresses the failings of our health care system in our parishes , emergency rooms and shelters .
This is why we as bishops continue to insist that health care reform which truly protects the life , dignity , consciences and health of all is a moral imperative and an urgent national priority . ”
Nevertheless , they add , “ we are convinced that the Senate legislation now presented to the House of Representatives on a ‘ take it or leave it ’ basis sadly fails this test and ought to be opposed . ”
The letter is signed by Cardinal Daniel DiNardo , Chairman of the Committee of Pro-life Activities ; Bishop William F. Murphy , Chairman of the Committee on Domestic Justice and Human Development ; and Bishop John C. Wester , Chairman of the Committee on Migration .
“ Why do we take this position , when we have a long record of support for health care reform ? ” the USCCB letter asks , answering that the fundamental objections can be summarized in two points .
First , the bishops argue that health care reform “ must protect life and conscience , not threaten them . "
The Senate bill " extends abortion coverage , allows federal funds to pay for elective abortions ( for example , through a new appropriation for services at Community Health Centers that bypasses the Hyde amendment ) , and denies adequate conscience protection to individuals and institutions . "
" Simply put , " the letter to Representatives continues , " health care reform ought to continue to apply both parts of the Hyde amendment , no more and no less . "
The bishops also argue that , despite claims to the contrary , " the status quo prohibits the federal government from funding or facilitating plans that include elective abortion .
The Senate bill clearly violates this prohibition by providing subsidies to purchase such plans . "
" While the Senate provides for one plan without abortion coverage in each exchange , those who select another plan in an exchange to better meet the special needs of their families will be required to pay a separate mandatory abortion fee into a fund exclusively for abortions .
This new federal requirement is a far more direct imposition on the consciences of those who do not wish to pay for the destruction of unborn human life than anything currently in federal law . "
Thus the bishops insist that " it is not those who require that the Hyde Amendment be fully applied who are obstructing reform , since this is the law of the land and the will of the American people . "
" Rather , those who insist on expanding federal participation in abortion , require people to pay for other people ’s abortions , and refuse to incorporate essential conscience protections ( both within and beyond the abortion context ) are threatening genuine reform .
With conscience protection as with abortion funding , our goal is simply to preserve the status quo , " the letter argues .
The second point of objection , the USCCB says , is that " universal coverage should be truly universal .
People should never be denied coverage because they can’t afford it , because of where they live or work , or because of where they come from and when they got here . "
" The Senate bill would not only continue current law that denies legal immigrants access to Medicaid for five years , but also prohibit undocumented immigrants from buying insurance for their families in the exchanges using their own money .
These provisions could leave immigrants and their families worse off , and also hurt the public health of our nation , " the USCCB explains .
The bishops regret that the House leadership is “ ignoring the pleas of pro-life members for essential changes in the legislation . ”
“ Apparently they will not even try to address the serious problems on abortion funding , conscience protection and fair treatment of immigrants . "
" We are bishops , not politicians , policy experts or legislative tacticians .
We are also pastors , teachers , and citizens .
At this point of decision , we can not compromise on basic moral principles .
We can only urge -- and hope and pray -- that the House of Representatives will still find the will and the means to adopt health care reform that protects the life , dignity , conscience and health of all .
“ The legislation the House adopted , while not perfect , came closer to meeting these criteria .
The Senate legislation simply does not meet them , " the bishops say .
" With deep regret , but clear in our moral judgment , we are compelled to continue to urge House members to oppose the Senate bill unless these fundamental flaws are remedied .
At this critical moment , we urge Representatives to take the steps necessary to ensure that health care reform respects the life and dignity of all , from conception to natural death , " the letter concludes .
My goal in working on the new GHC I/O manager has been to get the Haskell network stack into a state where it could be used to attack high - performance and scalable networking problems , domains in which it has historically been weak .
While it 's encouraging to have an excellent networking stack ( Johan and I now have this thoroughly in hand ) , the next thing I 'd look for is libraries to help build networked applications .
One of the fundamental things that such apps need to do well is parse data , be it received from the network or read from files .
The Haskell parsing library of first resort has for years been Parsec .
While other capable libraries exist ( e.g. polyparse and uu-parsinglib ) , they do n't appear to see much use .
As appealing as Parsec 's API is , it has a few problems :
Parsec 2 is slow , and it has high memory overhead , due to its use of Haskell 's String type for tokens .
Parsec 3 can use the more efficient ByteString type ( which is in any case much more appropriate for networked applications that deal in octets ) , but it achieves this flexibility at the cost of being even slower than Parsec 2 .
Parsec 's API demands that all of a parser 's input be available at once .
People usually work around this by feeding a Parsec parser with lazily read data , but lazy I/ O is at odds with my goal of writing solid networked code .
What properties should a parsing library for networked applications ideally possess ?
There are a few obvious desiderata that have been well known for years .
For example , it 's important to have an appealing API and programming model .
Parsec squarely fits this desire .
Performance is also a big consideration .
Ideally , a parsing library would be fast enough that you would n't feel any real need for either of the following :
A few weeks to write an insane hand - bummed parser .
Mechanical parser generators or lexers ( e.g. happy or alex ) .
There are some additional important constraints on a realistic library : it must fit well into a highly concurrent networked world full of unreliable , hostile and incompetent clients .
High concurrency levels demand a low per-connection memory footprint .
The need to cope with poorly behaved clients requires that applications must be able to throttle connections that are too busy , or kill connections that are too slow or attempting to consume too many server resources .
A good parsing library will not get in the way of these needs .
A few years ago , I made a few half - hearted attempts to write a specialised version of Parsec , which I eventually named Attoparsec .
I began with a stripped - down Parsec that was specialised to accept ByteString input .
I then extended the API to allow a parser to consume small chunks of input at a time .
Because I was n't using Attoparsec " in anger " at the time , I made sure that my library worked ( more or less ) , but I was not measuring its performance .
In late January of this year , I began to think about using Attoparsec as the parser for a simple HTTP server that I could use to benchmark our new GHC I/O manager code .
Clearly , I 'd want the parser to perform well , or it would distort my numbers rather badly .
By coincidence , John MacFarlane emailed me around the same time , with disturbing findings : he 'd tried Attoparsec , and found its performance to be terrible !
In fact , it was 4 to 20 times slower than plain Parsec with his experimental parser and test data .
Clearly , I had some hard work to look forward to .
Happily , that work is now almost complete , and I am pleased with the results .
In the next post , I 'll have some details of what this all entails .
A couple of weeks ago , I got an e-mail asking if I ’d like to go to a butchering class .
Really ?
Of course I would !
And more importantly , I could pass this off as a Valentine ’s Day present for Lon .
Lon loves butchery !
It get ’s better .
Jeffrey ’s Meat Market 120 Essex Street , New York , NY 10002 ( inside Essex Street Market ) holds a class every weekend , rotating through pig , beef , lamb , fowl , and I got to choose .
First Jeffrey Ruhalter ushers the class over to Tra La La Juice Bar 120 Essex Street , New York , NY 10002 , insisting we try the muffins ( included in the cost of the course ) .
The muffins were as wonderful as he promised , rustic with random large chunks of pear in mine , banana in Lon’s .
I would never have thought of not chopping the nuts in the muffin but these whole pieces worked .
It tasted natural and fresh .
They were still warm from the oven and a steal at $ 2 .
Not to be missed .
With the snow , this was a small class of four : me and Lon , Mike who received this class as a present from his wife , and Andrew who is contemplating a career in butchery .
Lucky for us , that meant we would got some hands - on cutting .
( Usually it ’s just watch - and - learn )
This is a two minute re-cap of a 3 + hours class .
* If you ’re squeamish about animal parts , do not watch the video !
The video does n’t show all of the tastings , so do n’t plan on eating lunch after this class .
We tasted from :
a huge platter of cold cuts and cheeses ;
roasted Boston butt with Latin flavoring and crispy skin ;
roasted neck bone ;
dry - aged porterhouse steak ; and ,
pork chops in olive oil
Following Emeril Lagasse ’s lead , sanitation is thrown to the wind , but what Jeffrey lacks in cross contamination prevention , he makes up for in generosity .
He is determined to make sure you leave with more than you could have imagined .
In fact , looking at the price of $ 75 per person , and counting the tastings and portions you take home ( seems like each person got at least 5 lbs ) , we figure there is no way Jeffrey can even break even .
What is this , a charity ?
I would n’t be surprised .
Jeffrey was giving samples to all that passed , including vagrants , and it started becoming apparent that these stragglers knew him and came to him regularly .
As Jeffrey finished up the class , he decided to do more than just give me some pork , he was going to prepare the rack of pork for us .
He took it off the bone , filleted it , and layered it with proscuitto , sweet and hot peppers , and gruyere .
He rolled it up and tied it back onto the rack , finishing off with garlic , parmesan , and paprika .
Beautiful and we had never seen this before .
The next day , we covered the bones with some aluminum foil and put the rack on top of some carrots , and roasted it at 300 degrees F for about 60 to 70 minutes , or until it reached 140 degrees F. I let it rest for 1o minutes ( as it carries to 145 degrees F ) before slicing it .
It was perfect with some roasted potatoes .
While the class is fairly disorganized ( at various times the four of us were n’t sure what to do or where to go ) , and Essex Street Market can be a bit of a circus , overall it was a unique experience that we both enjoyed .
So even though we were invited to join this class gratis , it ’s an easy decision to gladly pay for the next one .
The only hard decisions is lamb or cow ?
posted by jessica at 11:45 AM
Filed under American and New American , Restaurants , Shopping , Video .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
Both comments and pings are currently closed .
When President Obama took office , gun rights advocates sounded the alarm , warning that he intended to strip them of their arms and ammunition .
And yet the opposite is happening .
Mr. Obama has been largely silent on the issue while states are engaged in a new and largely successful push for expanded gun rights , even passing measures that have been rejected in the past .
In Virginia , the General Assembly approved a bill last week that allows people to carry concealed weapons in bars and restaurants that serve alcohol , and the House of Delegates voted to repeal a 17 - year - old ban on buying more than one handgun a month .
The actions came less than three years after the shootings at Virginia Tech that claimed 33 lives and prompted a major national push for increased gun control .
Arizona and Wyoming lawmakers are considering nearly a half dozen pro-gun measures , including one that would allow residents to carry concealed weapons without a permit .
And lawmakers in Montana and Tennessee passed measures last year — the first of their kind — to exempt their states from federal regulation of firearms and ammunition that are made , sold and used in state .
Similar bills have been proposed in at least three other states .
From the BLS : Regional and State Employment and Unemployment Summary
Thirty states and the District of Columbia recorded over - the - month unemployment rate increases , 9 states registered rate decreases , and 11 states had no rate change , the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported today .
Over the year , jobless rates increased in all 50states and the District of Columbia .
...
Michigan again recorded the highest unemployment rate among the states , 14.3 percent in January .
The states with the next highest rates were Nevada , 13.0 percent ; Rhode Island , 12.7 percent ; South Carolina , 12.6 percent ; and California , 12.5 percent .
North Dakota continued to register the lowest jobless rate , 4.2 percent in January , followed by Nebraska and South Dakota , 4.6 and 4.8 percent , respectively .
The rates in California and South Carolina set new series highs , as did the rates in three other states : Florida ( 11.9 percent ) , Georgia ( 10.4 percent ) , and North Carolina ( 11.1 percent ) .
The rate in the District of Columbia ( 12.0 percent ) also set a new series high .
emphasis added
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph shows the high and low unemployment rates for each state ( and D.C. ) since 1976 .
The red bar is the current unemployment rate ( sorted by the current unemployment rate ) .
Fifteen states and D.C. now have double digit unemployment rates .
New Jersey and Indiana are close .
Five states and D.C. set new series record highs : California , South Carolina , Florida , Georgia and North Carolina .
Two other states tied series highs : Nevada and Rhode Island .
We may all go over the top with food now and again but there is nothing about avoiding obesity that we do n’t all know in our hearts
A BUSINESS lunch in Chicago .
We ’re in a steakhouse and thinking , “ When in Rome . . . ”
The Irish contingent dig in manfully , and woman - fully , to creamed spinach , mounds of chips that appear to be tossed in cheese and truffle oil , and of course the steaks themselves , which stand two inches off the plate .
Even the bread rolls are the size of babies ’ heads .
Our host puts us to shame with his small piece of plain white fish and some string beans .
Lunch , on the scale we ’ve ordered , is not just for wimps , it ’s for out - of - towners .
“ Do you want me to bag that up ? ” the waiter asks of our half - full plates .
“ Oh God no , take it away . ”
We ’re disgusted with ourselves , but it ’s the same again at dinner .
The Irish do the dog on it , and the Americans hold back .
The lady to my left confides that she NEVER normally eats steak – it shuts her system down .
Red wine makes her breathless ; fries , well nobody eats fries ; onions give her gas , ice cream makes her head - achy , and so on and on .
Even after sushi she ’ll take a kick - boxing class .
This meal will stay with her all week , she says with a martyred roll of the eyes , as the Irish wolf all the way through to dessert , reckoning we ’d soon be back home to soup and brown bread and with Lent coming down the tracks .
Next day as penance , I set out to buy a copy of a book that ’s topping the New York Times best - seller list ( self help category ) .
It ’s hard to miss – there are five shelves of it on display in the local bookstore .
Michael Pollan ’s Food Rulesis slim for the money , but that ’s clever .
All you have to do is learn the simple rules and you too can be slender .
Pollan , a professor at Berkeley in California , is the author of several previous bestsellers on food , and a self - declared sceptic of nutritional science .
Instead he puts his faith in traditional food culture , and advises us to eat the kind of food our ancestors would recognise .
Food Rules is a distillation of all he knows – 67 pointers on what to eat and what not to eat .
He dedicates it to his mother , “ who always knew butter was better for you than margarine ” .
Really , there is nothing in this book that we do n’t all know in our hearts .
It ’s just a new and entertaining way of saying it .
We eat too much processed food in the West .
It is killing us .
Fact .
Populations who are still eating traditional diets are healthier – think of the Japanese and their low obesity levels – but hear this : people who wean themselves off the western diet can improve their health dramatically .
Fact again .
Do n’t listen to scientists , Pollan says ; do n’t get caught up in the pseudoscience of food , just listen to common sense .
This will be balm to the ears of grandparents horrified at the things they see fed to their grandchildren – things that do n’t even look like food any more : rubbery batons that turn out to be cheese , pizza that comes out of plastic and tastes of plastic , yogurt that ’s actually whipped up chocolate bar , biscuits that have morphed into cakes , and all the rest .
All of it piled high in the local supermarket .
Irish children are eating their way towards one of the highest obesity rates in the world , despite a government taskforce set up more than five years ago to tackle the problem .
A copy of Pollan ’s book sent to every parent in the land might help .
Here is some of his best advice :
If it came from a plant , eat it ; if it was made in a plant , do n’t ; it ’s not food if it arrived through the window of your car ; it ’s not food if it is called by the same name in every language ( think Big Mac , Pringles ) ; avoid food products with more than five ingredients ; avoid foods you see advertised on television ; do n’t eat breakfast cereal that changes the colour of the milk ; drink the spinach water ; eat all the junk food you want , so long as you cook it yourself ; have a glass of wine with dinner ; stop eating before you are full ; eat when you are hungry , not when you are bored ; buy smaller plates and glasses ; spend as much time enjoying the meal as you spent preparing it ; eat meals .
This last piece of advice looks ridiculously obvious , but we ’ve become a nation of grazers , eating at our desks or standing up , bolting down sandwiches on the street or running out the door with a bar , instead of breakfast .
Clearly , we ca n’t all afford to follow Pollan ’s advice , some of which is a little aspirational – such as buying all one ’s snacks at farmers ’ markets or eating wild game as much as possible .
However , the central message , which is to keep away from highly processed or downright invented foods , is compelling .
You find those foods in the central aisles of supermarkets , he says , so next time you shop , stick to the edges .
And , next time you ’re out , give the creamed spinach and fries a miss .
Music and technology are n't unfamiliar bedfellows , but the i-Tab offers a unique method for enhancing your guitar with gadgetry : clamp it on .
Like a TomTom for tunes , the electronic songbook prompts players with chords and lyrics for thousands of songs .
Advertisement
For hundreds of years guitarists have mastered their instrument with patience and practice .
But this is 2010 — who has time to practice ?
The i-Tab accelerates the learning process by offering thousands of dynamic tabs , scrolling chords at any tempo while you stumble your way through the song .
Advertisement
The device has a 5 " touch screen — using your guitar pick as stylus is encouraged — and 4GB of memory to hold the songs , which can be downloaded through a tab store .
The company claims there will be 5000 tunes available at launch .
On some songs you can accompany your noodling with backing tracks that can be played over speakers or headphones .
And you 'll probably need them — having the i-Tab clamped to your guitar is n't likely to win you many bandmates .
Sure it'll fast - track your fingerpicking , but at what price .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Well , the price of $ 199 and looking like a dweeb , as it turns out .
Pre-orders are slated to be filled first week in March .
[ i - Tab via Oh Gizmo ]
The world 's cheapest car --$ 2,500 to start -- is having a rough launch .
The Tata Nano was supposed was supposed to drive huge safety progress for India by getting families off motorbikes .
Drive On 's Sharon Silke Carty , who was on assignment there last year , reports it is not unusual to see dad , mom and three kids perched precariously on a two - wheeler .
But that progress went up in smoke for Satish Sawant as he proudly drove his first car home from the showroom : A brand - new silver Tata Nano , draped with a celebratory garland of marigolds .
First there was smoke .
And then there was fire .
And his car is not the first to show Nano 's growing pains .
Here is the report from the Associated Press :
SINGAPORE ( Reuters ) - Love your seafood as much as the environment ?
A new guide to sustainable fish stocks in the Asia Pacific aims to help diners in Singapore enjoy their meals without harming one of the world ’s major marine ecosystems .
Freshly - harvested Bluefin tunas are uploaded from a " tuna farm " , off the Calabrian coast in southern Italy November 20 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Tony Gentile
Singapore is one of the biggest seafood consumers in the Asia Pacific region , with an average 100,000 tonnes consumed each year , according to environmental group WWF , which launched the Singapore Seafood Guide on Thursday .
The guide is the WWF ’s second in the region -- a guide for Hong Kong seafood lovers was launched a few years ago .
“ By using this guide consumers and corporations can make a difference through informed seafood choices , ” said Amy Ho , managing director of WWF Singapore .
“ When buying seafood or dining out , we can use the Singapore seafood guide to choose species that are fished and farmed responsibly , ” she added in a statement .
The guide uses a simple traffic light system : green means recommended eating choice ; yellow stands for only eat occasionally and red means avoid eating .
Singapore is a hub for seafood and almost all of it is imported , the WWF said , much of it from the unique , and fragile , marine ecosystem next door known as The Coral Triangle .
“ The Coral Triangle is under increasing threat because fish are being taken out faster than they can be replenished , ” said Geoffrey Muldoon of the WWF ’s Coral Triangle Programme .
“ In the past most people have been unaware of where the fish on their plates comes from or whether the species they are eating are heavily overfished or caught in ways that are damaging to marine environment .
Much of the seafood you see in Singapore may be from areas that have been overfished for years . ”
The Singapore Seafood Guide is available as a free download from the WWF Singapore website ( www.wwf.sg) and will also be distributed free of charge throughout the country .
The Coral Triangle , dubbed the nursery of the seas , is the most diverse marine region on the planet , and home to more than 3,000 species of reef fish and commercially valuable species such as tuna , in addition to 500 species of reef - building coral .
It covers around 6 million sq km ( 2.3 million sq mile ) of ocean across six countries -- Indonesia , Malaysia , Papua New Guinea , Philippines , Solomon Islands , and East Timor -- and directly sustains the lives of more than 120 million people , the WWF said .
Ashleigh Hall , 17 , was lured by a man using a false identity on Facebook Facebook says it will not install a " panic button " on its main pages for users to report suspected paedophiles , but will develop its existing system .
The company says it will have links to organisations including the Child Exploitation and Online Protection ( Ceop ) centre on its reporting pages .
But the director of Ceop says there should be a button on every page .
The conviction of Peter Chapman for the murder of 17 - year - old Ashleigh Hall led to renewed calls for a " panic button " .
The convicted sex offender lured the teenager to her death using Facebook .
Earlier , the Home Secretary said Facebook executives had told him they had " no objection in principle " to installing the safety button .
Alan Johnson said he and the site 's executives had had a " frank exchange of views " during the meeting , following calls for Facebook to link to the Child Exploitation and Online Protection ( Ceop ) centre .
Complaints procedure But Richard Allan , director of policy for Facebook Europe , made clear the company was not considering including the button on its main site .
He said the Ceop button might be effective in principle , but only " for other sites " , and not Facebook .
Jim Gamble , head of Ceop , said the button needed to be on the front page of every Facebook profile page .
" So that children are reassured and empowered , so are their parents , and offenders are deterred .
That 's the key .
ANALYSIS By Mark Ward , Technology reporter , BBC News
The " panic button " that Facebook is being asked to adopt is already used by other websites , including Bebo .
Clicking on it takes people to a site that details how to handle cyberbullying , hacking , viruses , distressing material and inappropriate sexual behaviour .
By putting the button on sites , the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre ( Ceop ) hopes to make it easy for children to find and get help .
Ceop says that currently children make about 500 reports a month by clicking on the button .
Of those , four a day are from a child in immediate danger , it claims .
Facebook is under pressure to adopt the button because it is a huge source of problems , according to Ceop .
Ceop estimates that in January about 75 % of reports it received were about incidents on Facebook .
" Facebook is a great environment , they are experts on advertising and engaging with young people in those areas where you can get click - through .
But they 're not experts on child protection . "
Emma -Jane Cross , head of Beatbullying , welcomed Facebook 's proposed change to its reporting function , saying it was crucial people who felt they had been bullied online could get help quickly .
" That 's why Beatbullying is pleased that Facebook are taking the right steps by working with third sector organisations like us and referring their users to a safe environment where they can get the correct support and advice they need , " she said .
Speaking about the meeting , Mr Johnson said : " I emphasised that including the Ceop abuse reporting button on their site has the potential to transform child protection - and that the company should put this above all other considerations . "
He said a high - level meeting would be held between Facebook and Ceop officials in Washington on 12 April to discuss it further .
Facebook ' deeply saddened ' Defending Facebook 's current set - up , a spokesman said they had been pleased to provide Mr Johnson with further details about their " robust reporting system " .
" This innovative system has been developed by analysing millions of reports submitted over the years and testing ways to continually improve our system .
" The system effectively handles all manner of potential abuse we see on the site , ranging from the common minor breaking of the rules , such as embarrassing pictures , to the extremely rare serious matters that are quickly escalated to law enforcement . "
He said they had gone on to explain that the website was " exploring ways to improve safety " , which included adding links to more organisations , including Ceop and Beatbullying , on Facebook 's reporting pages .
" We will also explore adding the Ceop button to our safety centre , " he added .
Peter Chapman , 33 , was jailed for at least 35 years this month for killing Ashleigh Hall last October .
She was raped , suffocated and her body dumped in a field near Sedgefield , County Durham , after agreeing to meet Chapman .
Earlier that month , she had been attracted by a picture of a young , bare - chested man that Chapman - calling himself Peter Cartwright - had posted on Facebook .
Facebook said it was " deeply saddened by the tragic death " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Did Neptune munch a planet and steal its moon ?
( Image : Jet Propulsion Laboratory / NASA )
NEPTUNE may have polished off a super - Earth that once roamed the outer solar system and stolen its moon to boot .
The brutal deed could explain mysterious heat radiating from the icy planet and the odd orbit of its moon Triton .
Neptune ’s own existence was a puzzle until recently .
The dusty cloud that gave birth to the planets probably thinned out further from the sun .
With building material so scarce , it is hard to understand how Uranus and Neptune , the two outermost planets , managed to get so big . …
Google is the undisputed champ when it comes to internet advertising .
There 's no shortage of companies on the web pursuing the same model .
Obviously , not every product can be offered for free and funded with advertising , at some point somebody has to pay for the products being advertised in order for there to be any money to buy advertising with .
Google 's great insight has been the ability to specifically target advertising towards what people are looking for at the time .
This advertising is much more valuable to both consumers and advertisers and it has enabled Google to make a plethora of excellent services available for free .
How far could this model be taken though ?
Could it be extended to housing ?
Affordable housing is difficult to find in many major metropolitan areas .
Suppose apartment buildings started adding screens inside the apartments that display advertisements in exchange for a lower rent .
I know what you 're thinking : it 's outrageous and nobody would willingly put a screen that displays advertisements in their home .
Of course the television provides entertainment in exchange for viewing ads .
Clearly people have shown they 're willing to trade their attention in small slices when they get something in return .
I think the only question is how much you would have to give before an in - home billboard becomes an attractive proposition .
With a little extra technology this system could provide additional value for the consumer as well as the advertisers .
Let 's say you belong to discount club at your local supermarket .
They 're probably already tracking what you purchase and it would be trivial to link up your data at the store with your home billboard system .
In my experience most purchases fall into some sort of a pattern , there are items you buy every week , some every other week or on some other frequency as they run out .
Over time the store could easily pick up on the patterns in your purchases .
Surely , this information is already shared with advertisers in one way or another .
However , the advertisers ' ability to act on this information is limited by current media .
How much would it be worth to them to get an ad for , say , ketchup into just the homes of people who are about to buy ketchup ?
With all this information floating around between your home and the grocery store , it would be exceptionally easy to make up your shopping list .
If the store knows what you 're running out of they could add it to the list .
In this case it would be a snap to run down the list of things you usually buy , evaluate what you might be running out of , and add anything new you might want to get .
No doubt , someone 's already working on some clever machine learning algorithms to analyze your purchases and suggest related products you might want to buy .
As more stores start to incorporate handheld scanners there 's no reason you could n't use one to scan your discount card and have it download your grocery list .
It could check items off your list and even alert you if you get to the register without picking up something you meant to buy .
( Can you tell this happens to me all the time ? )
The database the scanner is accessing knows what items the store has on sale .
It could alert you if there 's a coupon for something on your list or even if there 's a similar item on sale at a lower price .
At this point it 's starting to sound like something people might actually pay for , rather than something that should be given away for free in exchange for some advertising , and this is just an example from one industry .
People seem to hate advertising most when it 's irrelevant .
There does n't seem to be quite so much resistance to advertising that is a. ) unobtrusive and b. ) related to something the viewer wants to buy .
The in - home billboard could have a strong advantage in the relevance category with the right source of information .
Making the sign sufficiently unobtrusive would mean striking a careful balance between not annoying the person who has to live with it and making it worthwhile for advertisers to spend money on it .
I 'd imagine that something like a poster - sized e-ink screen ( or anything not back - lit ) could fit the bill .
Between the conveniences it could create and maybe a couple hundred dollars off of the monthly rent , I think targeted in - home advertising could be an attractive proposition for some .
What would it take for you to live in a house with a personalized billboard ?
Originally published 2010-03-08 12:29:57
Starting next month , the more than 400 million Facebook users could begin seeing a new kind of status update flow through their news feed : the current locations of their friends .
Facebook plans to take the wraps off a new location - based feature in late April at f8 , the company ’s yearly developer conference , according to several people briefed on the project , who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss unannounced services .
In preparation for the introduction , Facebook updated its privacy policy last November .
The new policy states : “ When you share your location with others or add a location to something you post , we treat that like any other content you post . ”
At that time , the company also offered some foreshadowing of the new feature : “ If we offer a service that supports this type of location sharing we will present you with an opt - in choice of whether you want to participate . ”
Facebook has been working on a location - based tool for close to a year , but decided to wait until the product was completely ready for mainstream adoption before announcing it , said the people with knowledge of the project .
Meredith Chin , a Facebook spokeswoman , said Tuesday that the company was n’t ready to discuss any possible location - based features .
“ We ’re constantly experimenting with new things around here , but we do n’t have any details to share right now , ” she said in an e-mail message .
The new location feature will have two aspects , according to the people familiar with Facebook ’s plans .
One will be a service offered directly by Facebook that will allow users to share their location information with friends .
The other will be a set of software tools , known as A.P.I.’s , that outside developers can use to offer their own location - based services to Facebook users .
In the past , the company has relied heavily on its strong developer community to create innovative content around new tools and features .
This community has also been instrumental in spreading Facebook Connect , which allows smaller Web sites to give their customers the option of signing in using Facebook and tapping their existing social networks .
Of Facebook ’s more than 400 million users , about 50 percent log in to the site at least once a day , and 100 million people access the service from mobile devices .
That makes the location feature an area of strong focus for the company .
The staggering number of users on the site has also brought a heightened level of internal scrutiny to the project , according to the people familiar with it .
Facebook has been trying to figure out how to add location data to its service without raising potential privacy concerns or negative feedback from its users , as it has in the past with new features and redesigns .
One of the people familiar with the project said that the company was not trying to beat the smaller location - based social networks , such as Loopt , Foursquare and Gowalla .
Instead , Facebook wants to go head - to - head with Google in the fight for small - business advertising .
Facebook redesigned its business pages last year , with the hope of offering more features for small - business owners .
According to Facebook , the Web site currently hosts more than 1.5 million local businesses from around the world .
In 2009 , Google started Google Latitude with the pitch to let users “ See where your friends are right now . ”
Twitter , another Facebook competitor , has also added an option to include location data with messages
Minnesota 's students once again outperformed much of the nation on reading tests in 2009 , but the achievement gap between black and white students has n't budged in almost 20 years , according to test results released Wednesday .
The state 's persistent , vexing achievement gap has become a long - term blemish on an otherwise good reputation for educational performance .
The 2009 results of what 's commonly called the " Nation 's Report Card " show that Washington , D.C. , is the only jurisdiction with a black - white gap statistically larger than Minnesota 's in fourth grade , and that Connecticut is the only state with a larger gap in eighth grade , although some states did n't report enough data to be counted .
" Because our scores have remained real strong and steady , it kind of lets us feel like we 're doing OK , " said Education Commissioner Alice Seagren . " ...
But we really need to be concerned about our minority groups and the achievement gap . "
The report card , officially titled the National Assessment of Educational Progress , shows that only three states outperformed Minnesota in reading by eighth - graders , and six outperformed the state in reading by fourth - graders .
The state is statistically tied with 23 states in fourth - grade and 15 states in eighth - grade .
Minnesota 's girls scored higher than its boys in both grades .
" We are really going to devote some significant additional money to trying to focus on our minority students and the achievement gap , " Seagren said , " ... and we 're going to be looking at the whole continuum of schools , not only in elementary school , but middle and high school . "
Last year , the Legislature voted to require prospective teachers , starting in 2012 , to pass a test demonstrating that they know how to teach reading before they can receive a teaching license .
In addition , the state plans to use part of $ 34 million it recently received for the state 's lowest - performing schools to improve reading instruction for the state 's most at - risk students .
In a post titled " Hello hypervisor , I 'm geohot , " hacker George Hotz ( already known in the iPhone community ) has made a strong claim : that he has cracked the PS3 .
The system has remained ( mostly ) uncompromised for over three years now , with a few exceptions here and there .
But , this one pledges full read / write access to the entire system memory and complete control over the processor -- all without a mod chip .
Has he really done it , if so how , and what comes next ?
That all remains to be seen .
This exploit supposedly " is n't really patchable , but [ Sony ] can make implementations much harder , " meaning he is n't tipping his hat until he 's ready , because once he does the never - ending firmware update war begins , and as we 've seen on the PSP , Sony can really knock out those updates .
[ Thanks , Deepak ]
Goldman Sachs Wants
You to Pay - by - the - Mile to Drive on U.S. Roadways By Mark Anderson According to an independent British newspaper editor , in the not - so - distant future , English drivers will be charged based upon the number of miles they drive , as is being done step - by - step in America .
On January 12 , AFP interviewed Mike Robinson , the editor of the UK Column , a liberty - minded newspaper not unlike AMERICAN FREE PRESS .
“ Road charging , ” as it is called in England , is widespread , he told AFP , as fiber optic cable has been laid along most English roads to help track vehicle travel by the mile so drivers can be charged .
“ It has been on the European Union agenda for quite a long time , ” he added .
His comments came amid recent news of a radical plan to raise $ 200 billion by privatizing “ the motorway network , ” as Brits call it .
The plan was presented to the three main political parties by NM Rothschild , the influential investment bank , British news sources say .
The Rothschild bank , called “ an architect of several privatizations , ” reportedly made its pitch in the weeks running up to the summer recess back on July 21 , 2009 .
Bankers told leading politicians that the sale of the roads overseen by the [ public ]
Highways Agency — all motorways and most “ big trunk roads ” — could help revive battered public finances .
This is the same story Americans have been told .
True to form , toll - road companies and “ infrastructure funds ” would compete to operate and maintain stretches of the British toll network .
In one version of this scheme , the British government would pay for upkeep through a system of “ shadow ” tolls .
A more radical and less politically acceptable option would be for private companies to charge motorists directly through privately owned toll booths or electronic card readers .
And how did U.S. politicians get the idea that privatizing roads was an acceptable future ?
Two words : Goldman Sachs , according to noted Texas columnist Ed Wallace .
“ Yes , large Wall Street investment banks , led by Goldman , started advising states across the nation on how to raise fast money by diverting the most necessary publicly owned assets — roads — into private ownership , ” wrote Wallace .
“ You have to admit , it ’s brilliant , because it ’s a forced and guaranteed market : Americans ca n’t get out of driving . ”
And as Daniel Schulman and James Ridgeway wrote in a scathing article , “ The Highwaymen , ” in January 2007 , “ Many similar deals are now on the horizon , and MIG and Cintra are often part of them .
So is Goldman Sachs , the huge Wall Street firm that has played a remarkable role advising states on how to structure privatization deals — even while positioning itself to invest in the toll road market . ”
Mark Anderson is a longtime newsman now working as a corresponding editor for American Free Press .
Together he and his wife Angie provide many photographs of the events they cover for AFP .
Mark welcomes your comments and inputs as well as story leads .
Email him at at [ email protected ] .
Subscribe to American Free Press .
Online subscriptions :
One year of weekly editions — $ 15 plus you get a BONUS ELECTRONIC BOOK - HIGH PRIESTS OF WAR - By Michael Piper .
Print subscriptions : 52 issues crammed into 47 weeks of the year plus six free issues of Whole Body Health : $ 59 Order on this website or call toll free 1-888-699-NEWS .
Sign up for our free e-newsletter here - get a free gift just for signing up !
( Issue # 4 , January 25 , 2010 )
For Immediate Release
Apple Owners Nearly 40 Percent More Interested in the iPad than Non-Apple Owners , According to NPD
PORT WASHINGTON , NEW YORK , MARCH 26 , 2010 - Even though the iPad does n’t officially become available for another week , awareness is strong among certain key demographic groups , according to a new report by leading market research company The NPD Group .
NPD ’s Apple iPad : Consumers ’ Perceptions and Attitudes report found that awareness is highest among current Apple owners , ( 82 percent ) , consumers with $ 100,000 or greater income ( 80 percent ) , and 18 - 34 year olds ( 78 percent ) .
Those demographic groups are the ones with the most interest in buying an iPad .
Only 18 percent of all consumers surveyed expressed a real interest in owning an iPad while 27 percent of 18 - 34 year olds and 24 percent of Apple owners said they were extremely or very interested .
One of the main reasons Apple owners are interested in the iPad is because it ’s an Apple product .
Thirty - seven percent cited “ liking the Apple brand ” as a top reason for their interest in the iPad .
That tied with “ multi - touch screen ” , which was also the number one reason driving interest among 18 - 34 year olds .
The 18 - 34 year old consumer is also the most likely to play music and access the internet on the iPad .
“ The most interested potential iPad customers see it primarily as a music device , or for its internet access capabilities , ” said Stephen Baker , vice president of industry analysis at NPD .
“ Considering what people are planning to use the iPad for , it ’s not hard to understand why people who have these capabilities on other devices , such as the iPod Touch or a notebook / netbook , may not want to spend $ 500 or more on a similar device .
This points to the need for Apple to close the content deals that focus the iPad on what is likely to be its best long - range value proposition around high quality media consumption . ”
For some consumers , and even among Apple owners , the prospect of spending $ 500 or more for a new device that does n’t yet have a clear advantage over their other primary devices is unappetizing .
Among the tech - savvy 18 - 34 year old demographic , 57 percent cited price as the number one reason they are n’t ready to buy ; that ’s 25 percent more than the overall percentage of non-interested buyers .
Among Apple owners , 43 percent felt that the pricing was too expensive .
But it ’s not the price tag alone that ’s making the iPad seem too expensive to these non-interested buyers .
The other factor is that they are equating the iPad to a notebook or netbook replacement .
Among 18 - 34 year olds and current Apple product owners “ rather use a notebook or netbook instead ” was cited by 51 percent and 44 percent respectively of those demographics as a reason not to buy .
Even those key demographics who expressed the most interest in the iPad are n’t making a strong commitment to purchase an iPad in the near future and that mirrors what overall consumers are saying .
When asked what the likelihood of purchasing an iPad in the next six months was , 9 percent of all consumers surveyed said they were “ extremely or very likely ” to do so , as did 10 percent of 18 - 34 years olds and 9 percent of Apple owners .
But there were a greater number of consumers who were “ not very likely ” or “ not likely at all ” to purchase an iPad in the next six months .
Sixty - six percent of both the all consumers surveyed and 18 - 34 year olds do n’t foresee an iPad purchase in their future , and 60 percent of Apple owners felt the same way .
Methodology
Approximately 2,000 consumers age 18 and older from NPD ’s online panel participated in this survey from February 24 through March 3 , 2010 .
Image via Wikipedia
A new commenter has opened a new vector of attack against Free Software in the comments of my article about manager ’s dislike for IT Pros .
There he tries to argue that the proliferation os Free Software and the GPL is harming the IT profession as a whole because now that anyone can write software and the combined efforts of thousands can create as much of a quality software as any capitalist company , the demand for expensive proprietary software is decreasing and thus less programming jobs can exist as there ’s less opportunity to use state granted monopolies ( i.e. copyrights ) to make money .
The argument relies on what makes one a “ Professional ” and in the words of the commenter :
As for “ giving many more people the opportunity to take part in the IT profession ” — that ’s just an outright lie .
If you ai n’t gettin ’ paid , you ai n’t a professional — and that ’s by definition ; go look up the word “ profession ” in a dictionary if you do n’t believe it .
All those coders putting stuff out for free ?
They are n’t professionals .
Even if they lived up to what are laughingly known as professional standards ( which they certainly do not ) , they would n’t be professionals .
This arguments sounds very much like the classic anti-piracy rhetoric from the Recording Mafias about how file - sharing is killing the music industry .
But instead of file - sharing , the author here replaces it with Free Software .
But the principle remains the same .
When people can get something for free ( whether that is free software or free music ) , they will not pay for it , therefore companies will not make enough profits , therefore there will not be enough jobs for people being paid explicitly to write proprietary code for sale .
But much like the music industry argument , the software industry argument is also flawed :
Just because people cannot make money via the previous business models does not mean that nobody will ever make money .
The Free Software business models are some of the newest experiments in money making , much like giving your music away for free is also a new experiment in making money .
Both of them are not mature yet and there ’s a lot of testing and trying to make them work , but there ’s certainly a lot of people who do make money out of them and even better , there ’s a lot more stuff being made .
And that ’s the clincher really .
When people complain that an industry is “ dying ” , they do n’t really mean that less stuff related to that industry is being made but rather that those who were already using a particular business model cannot continue doing so .
The original commenter ’s problem is that those who were earning a lot of money by selling software cannot continue making as much or more .
Why ?
Because free software outperforms them for a lower cost .
In short the argument is that some people cannot continue selling less value for a higher price .
Of course they set it up so that it seems that it ’s the poor wage - slave coder who is taking the hit by not being able to find a job or having their wages reduced .
They completely forget to mention that it ’s the consumers that benefit by being able to use a better quality product for a fraction of the price .
In fact , the wage - slaves of the IT world have far more to fear from the Indian outsourcing companies than from Free Software which at least , when given enough critical mass , will allow far more people to work independently rather than in a wage - slave position .
Becuase this is the main way people can make money out of coding via free software .
They do not have to sell their code , they only have to sell their services as a coder .
They do n’t build a program and then sell it , they are contracted to build and improve an already existing product which then everyone can enjoy .
Taking a holistic view , this is overwhelmingly a positive result since rather than having people rediscover the wheel every time they want to sell something ( and thus end up with many different programs offering basically the same functionality ) , you get people improving on what came before them ; standing on the shoulders of giants and improving things for everyone that comes after them .
Another common argument to this point point that is brought is how people currently work :
They build a program and try to sell it .
by then pointing out that free software is gratis they assume that people will simply not build programs anymore .
This is usually used in conjunction with games and to show why people do n’t write free software games .
This argument is simply taking the current system and asserting that this is the only way it can be .
They ignore that the way people work is because of the way the rules of the game have been set which make one particular path , “ build and then sell ” , as the most optimal to make money .
But the rules of the game have not been set in stone and we can and should challenge them directly when they stop making sense .
If copyrights were n’t enforced on us from the dawn of IT , the current business models would not have built themselves around them .
There would certainly be a demand for software and games and that would certainly have been fulfilled , only it would have been done in a different way .
To take the way the software system has evolved because copyrights existed and assert that this is the only way it can ever work and the end of the world is nigh if we challenge this is simply absurd .
Free Software proves this wrong .
Sure , the biggest software companies who are sucking at the tit of the state would suffer from it and possibly some programmers earning currently absurd salaries would have to scale down their demands to be in line with everyone else in the world , but everyone else would benefit .
Better software for a fraction of the cost and a far wider tail for people to make a living on .
The IT Profession would go nowhere as long as a demand for it exists .
In closing , one has to ponder how completely misaligned the ethical compass of scomeone can be , when they consider the voluntary act that thousands do for free – and for the benefit of everyone else – as something wrong , because it harms the greedy and for - profit acts of a few which are based on state violence and privilege and lead to a result where most ca n’t even possess the results .
It shows how the way the system works can become so ingrained in the mentality of someone where they cannot even look externally at it and notice that if because of the way Capitalisms works a good act can be considered “ bad ” while a bad one becomes “ good ” , perhaps there is something inherently broken in the system itself .
UPDATE : Redditors have been providing some excellent arguments to support my point as well .
Take a look .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
Legendary Casting : Neil Patrick Harris will play the lead in the upcoming Raja Gosnell - directed Smurfs : The Movie , which will mix live action and animation .
Harris will be playing the lead live action character , so your blue - tinged fantasies of NPH as Papa Smurf will , tragically , have to remain just that .
[ Deadline ]
McAdams Makes
Three : Rachel McAdams is in talks to join Owen Wilson and Marion Cotillard in Woody Allen ’s still untitled film , scheduled to shoot in France this summer .
Cotillard and McAdams will soon take part in a steel cage match to determine who will get to play the Johansson - esque “ Allen muse . ” [ HR ]
Kidman Edged Out : Disney Channel star Selena Gomez will play one of the three leads in Tom Bezucha ’s “ young femme ” comedy Monte Carlo , produced by Nicole Kidman , Denise Di Novi and Alison Greenspan ( Kidman may play a supporting role ) .
Gossip Girl ’s Leighton Meester has been approached to play one of the other leads .
The story centers on a group of American women who ditch a “ disappointing no- frills holiday ” in Paris and pretend to be rich women vacationing in Monaco .
Kidman had been attached to star , but the updated version of the script has “ put a younger spin ” on the story .
As if Kidman did n’t have enough to deal with after a string of flops , now she is getting edged out of movies starring Selena Gomez .
[ Variety ]
Kidman Edged Out : Disney Channel star Selena Gomez will play one of the three leads in Tom Bezucha ’s “ young femme ” comedy Monte Carlo , produced by Nicole Kidman , Denise Di Novi and Alison Greenspan ( Kidman may play a supporting role ) .
Gossip Girl ’s Leighton Meester has been approached to play one of the other leads .
The story centers on a group of American women who ditch a “ disappointing no- frills holiday ” in Paris and pretend to be rich women vacationing in Monaco .
Kidman had been attached to star , but the updated version of the script has “ put a younger spin ” on the story .
As if Kidman did n’t have enough to deal with after a string of flops , now she is getting edged out of movies starring Selena Gomez .
[ Variety ]
A Graceful Return : Will & Grace ’s Debra Messing will return to the half - hour comedy format with a starring role in ABC ’s pilot Wright or Wrong .
Scripted by actress - writer Stephnie Weir ( MadTV ) , the show centers on Evelyn Wright ( Messing ) , a “ driven conservative pundit who tries to maintain her public persona ” while dealing with her own “ vulnerabilities . ”
Because we were all clamoring for a comedy that offered a glimpse into Ann Coulter ’s soft side ! [ HR ]
Yes to Nomads : Friday Night Lights alum Scott Porter has won the lead in CW ’s drama pilot Nomads , which follows a group of poor , young backpackers who earn money doing work for the CIA .
We will be sitting on edge during the pilot anxiously hoping Porter does n’t get in some kind of debilitating injury ( let ’s just say we ’ve watched the Friday Night Lights pilot more than a few times ) . [ HR ]
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Israel 's announcement of plans to build 1,600 homes for Jews in East Jerusalem was " destructive " to peace efforts , a top aide to Barack Obama says .
David Axelrod said the move , which overshadowed a visit to Israel by US Vice - President Joe Biden , was also an " insult " to the United States .
Israel 's prime minister has tried to play down the unusually bitter diplomatic row between the two allies .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton last week issued her own stern rebuke .
Mrs Clinton told Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu by telephone on Friday that the Israeli move was " deeply negative " for US - Israeli relations .
' Affront '
Under the Israeli plans , the new homes will be built in Ramat Shlomo in East Jerusalem .
The international community considers East Jerusalem occupied territory and says Israel 's building there is illegal under international law .
But Israel regards East Jerusalem - which it annexed in 1967 - as its territory .
The Palestinians are threatening to boycott newly agreed , indirect talks unless the Ramat Shlomo project is cancelled .
" This was an affront , it was an insult but most importantly it undermined this very fragile effort to bring peace to that region , " David Axelrod , one of President Obama 's closest aides , told NBC television .
" We have just started proximity talks , that is shuttle diplomacy , between the Palestinians and the Israelis , and for this announcement to come at that time was very destructive , " he said .
At a cabinet meeting on Sunday , Mr Netanyahu began by giving a survey of media coverage of the spat with the Americans .
" I propose not to be carried away and to calm down , " he said .
" We know how to handle these situations , calmly , responsibly and seriously . "
He went on to admit that the announcement of project during the vice - president 's visit had been offensive , but it had been an accident .
Mr Netanyahu has now set up a committee of senior officials to vet the timing of such announcements .
However , the BBC's Paul Wood , in Jerusalem , says it is clear the Americans are not persuaded that this was all just a bureaucratic mix up .
The ill - timed announcement on settlements has allowed Mr Netanyahu to shore up his right - wing coalition , our correspondent says .
But Israel needs the US to deal with Iran 's nuclear programme - and that is an issue which Mr Netanyahu himself has said is more important than any other facing Israel .
Close to 500,000
Jews live in more than 100 settlements built since Israel 's 1967 occupation of the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
They are illegal under international law , although Israel disputes this .
The Quartet of Middle East peace mediators - the US , Russia , the EU and the UN - has also condemned the Israeli housing announcement and said it would review the situation at its ministerial meeting scheduled for 19 March in Moscow .
POINTS OF TENSION IN JERUSALEM 1 Gilo : 850 homes approved for publication and planning objections in Nov 2009 2 Pisgat Zeev : 600 homes approved for publication and planning objections in Jan 2010 3 Sheikh Jarrah : Several Palestinian families evicted in past 18 months to make way for Jewish settlers after court ruled in ownership dispute 4 Ramat Shlomo : 1,600 homes approved for publication and planning objections in Mar 2010 5 Silwan : Demolition orders on 88 Palestinian homes built without difficult - to - get permits - Israel planning controversial renewal project 6 .
West Bank barrier : Making Palestinian movement between West Bank and Jerusalem harder - Israel says it 's for security
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
THE majority of the UK workforce do not really know what they are supposed to be doing while they are at the office , according to new research .
The Institute for Studies found that 64 % of employees turn up and sit at a computer and then stay there until it feels like it is okay to leave .
Nikki Hollis , a customer whadyamacallit from Swindon , said : “ I work in an open plan office with lots of orange girls and sometimes I go to meetings at a slightly larger office in Reading where they give me good quality biscuits .
“ Sometimes someone will come up and ask me how it ’s going and I ’ll smile and say ‘ fine thanks ’ . ”
Roy Hobbs , a person who turns up most days from Hatfield , said : “ I think I ’m supposed to be head of , I dunno , some personnel bullshit thing .
“ Or maybe team leader , or assistant product supervisor .
Fuck knows .
A couple of years ago I filled in some form , told the normal amount of lies during a 30 minute interview , they said something about pensions and then I went for a couple of pints . ”
He added : “ I get a lot of emails from someone called Tony who goes on about purchasing or something and sometimes asks me about my kids .
I forward them to someone called Ian .
Or I ignore them .
“ Otherwise I just type the names of random dangerous animals into Google .
I think it ’s going well . ”
Timothy Kincaid
One of the primary purposes of Box Turtle Bulletin is analysis and fact - checking of anti-gay rhetoric .
And perhaps the largest component of that is to review “ studies ” that relay astonishing “ facts ” about gay people and to determine whether they have any basis in fact .
Sometimes these are efforts conducted by anti-gay activists seeking to support their presumptions , but more often it is misrepresentation of legitimate work .
One such misrepresentation has been making the rounds purporting to show that gay couples reject monogamy .
For several years , Sean Beougher and Colleen Hoff of the Center for Research on Gender and Sexuality at San Francisco State University have been looking sexual agreements among gay men .
This interest was generated by incidences of HIV transmission within relationships and a desire to understand how sexual agreements relate to this phenomenon .
But analysis of investment of couples into agreements and how that correlates with adherence ( which impacts transmission within relationships ) does n’t make sexy headlines .
So when the New York Times ’ Scott James reported on this study , he decided to talk about something else entirely :
Many Successful Gay Marriages
Share an Open Secret
A study to be released next month is offering a rare glimpse inside gay relationships and reveals that monogamy is not a central feature for many .
Some gay men and lesbians argue that , as a result , they have stronger , longer - lasting and more honest relationships .
And while that may sound counterintuitive , some experts say boundary - challenging gay relationships represent an evolution in marriage — one that might point the way for the survival of the institution .
New research at San Francisco State University reveals just how common open relationships are among gay men and lesbians in the Bay Area .
The Gay Couples Study has followed 556 male couples for three years — about 50 percent of those surveyed have sex outside their relationships , with the knowledge and approval of their partners .
The sensational ( but as I ’ll illustrate , flatly untrue ) statement that monogamy is not a central feature for many gay relationships is exciting and sure to elicit conversation .
But it just was n’t defamatory enough for those who wish to portray gay people as sex-crazed and incapable of commitment .
Conservative NewsMax reported :
Study : Gay Marriage Involves More Outside Relationships
A federally - funded study by San Francisco State University that followed 556 local male couples for three years found that half “ have sex outside their relationships , with the knowledge and approval of their partners , ” according to The New York Times .
…
On its website , the Center describes the importance in conducting the study as revolving around the fact that “ gay and bisexual men in relationships engage in substantially higher rates of unprotected ” homosexual activity than do “ single men with their casual partners . ”
A commentary on GetReligion.org took the opportunity to say
I \’m not sure if the description of the study \’s findings is written up as well as it could be .
If 50 percent of those surveyed have sex outside their primary relationship with the knowledge and approval of their partners , that \’s an utterly fascinating , and newsworthy statistic .
Still , I \ ’m curious about the remaining half .
What percentage of those surveyed have sex outside of their primary relationship but don\’t have the knowledge and / or the approval of their partners ?
It seems like a key piece of information .
…
Certainly there \’s at least one person in the world who thinks that sex with multiple partners is not the key to a successful marriage , right ?
And I \’m not just talking about advocates of traditional marriage vows , or advocates of spousal fidelity .
…
The bottom line , though , is that this study breaks news .
Really interesting and important news .
And even gay sites got on board with this notion with Edge Magazine running the headline , Surprise !
Lots of Gay Marriages Are \’ Open\ ’ , and Dan Savage declaring Half of All Gay Couples Non-Monogamous ( though Edge did note some caveats ) .
But those who delight in denouncing the hedonistic sex - driven homosexuals and their non-monogamous marriages share a problem with those gays who may champion the abandonment of the heteronormative demands of conformity and spearhead the evolution of marriage : this study tells us nothing whatsoever about gay marriage and little about monogamy within gay relationships as a whole .
In order for a study to report on the characteristics of a population , it must be representative of that population .
If a study selects a convenience sample rather than a statistically valid sample , the non-representative demographics of the sample cannot be presented as a “ finding ” .
For example , if I went to Dodger Stadium , i might find a sample which was useful to tell me whether Dodger fans think Dodger Dogs taste better than garlic fries , but I could not claim that my sample proves that 80 % of all baseball fans support the Dodgers .
That is simply a non-representative demographic of my sample , not a finding of my study .
So to see if this study supported the claim that half of gay marriages are open ( non-monogamous ) , I contacted the study authors and obtained previously published information that reveals the sample methodology .
I do not have all of the data on which the final study is to be reported , but the sampling methodology was consistent .
Let ’s look at how the sample for this study was constructed and how that differs from the population as a whole .
Definition of relationship :
To be eligible participants had to have been at least 18 years old , have been in a their current relationship for at least 3 months , have knowledge of their own and their partner ’s HIV status , be fluent in English , and be residents of the San Francisco Bay Area .
All were men .
Contrary to James ’ breathless reporting ( and the example with which he started his article ) the researchers said nothing about lesbian relationships .
They were excluded .
The study was conducted in several phases and the details of each is not available , but the sampling methods were consistent .
The breakout for Study 2 found that only 13 % of participants identified as being married ( perhaps the 2004 San Francisco variety ) and only a third had made any sort of public commitment .
It is ludicrous to suggest that a study which includes three month long relationships without any public commitment is informative about marriage .
The average length of the relationships was 7 years ( more or less ) but the median length was about three years earlier ( half of the relationships were less than 4 years in length ) , suggesting that there were a few very long relationships and many much shorter ones .
The way this study has been reported , it has been suggested that gay relationships are more likely to be open than straight relationships , but no comparison was made and I ’m not aware of any study that looked at the level of fidelity in three - month - old heterosexual relationship and pretended that they were representative of straights as a whole .
As the research was not applied separately by relationship structure or length , this study says nothing about gay marriage or even domestic partnerships .
And any use of the results which makes ( or even implies ) a comparison to straight relationships is bogus and irresponsible .
Location and social perspective of the population sampled :
It must be emphasized that gay men living in the San Francisco Bay Area are not representative of gay men as a whole .
In fact , it would be difficult to identify a group of gay men less representative of the US gay population .
Significant factors in the consideration of monogamy surely must include attitudes about sexuality and whether one ’s general approach is more conservative or liberal overall .
Additionally , the perspectives of the community in which one lives most certainly effect the values that one adopts .
While I cannot point to a study and state with certainty that those who view themselves as “ conservative ” are more likely or less likely to value monogamy , I can state that selecting only participants from the SF area sharply skews the sample towards those who identify as “ liberal ” and significantly under - represents a sizable segment of the gay community .
The means of reaching participants :
Active and passive recruitment strategies were implemented in community settings .
Field research staff reached potential participants either by handing out study postcards or placing flyers and postcards in gay - identified social venues such as bars , clubs , and cafes , as well as in community health and HIV and AIDS service organizations and by placing advertisements in gay - oriented publications , Web sites , and listserves .
Recruitment materials contained text describing the study as “ one which examines important relationship dynamics associated with HIV . ”
Recruitment strategies were designed to produce a diverse sample in terms of race or ethnicity as well as serostatus .
Recruitment in bars and clubs and on listserves skews the sample towards those who are actively seeking sexual connections .
While some gay people go to bars solely for social interaction , monogamous couples that do not regularly go to bars or look at Craigslist were far less likely to hear of this study .
Additionally , this study was more likely to attract those who were interested in how relationship dynamics impact HIV transmission .
I think it is a reasonable assumption that , on average , couples committed to monogamy might not have the same interest level as those who have open relationships .
The demographics of the sample :
For two of the studies , 41 % of the participants were HIV positive ( Study 3 had 32 % ) .
While this may be advantageous to a study which seeks to look at sexual agreements , it is not representative of the population of San Francisco , and has almost no reflection of the gay male population at large .
Only about 12 % of gay men in the United States are infected with HIV .
While this is undoubtedly useful for looking at variances of agreement structure among sero - concordant and discordant couples , claiming a blended rate of monogamy as though it were reflective of the community would be bad science .
This study found that couples which were both HIV negative were far more likely to establish monogamy than those in which one or both parties were positive .
So by significantly over - representing HIV positive participants , the percentage who embrace monogamy were skewed downward .
About half of the sample had a bachelors degree ( more than 20 % had a post - graduate degree ) .
Yet only about 43 % were employed full time , with another 10 - 12 % employed part time and 9 - 12 % self employed .
I do n’t know whether there is a correlation between employment and valuing monogamy , but I think that we can all agree that 35 % unemployment is not reflective of gay men as a whole , especially in the mid 2000 ’s when the participants were questioned .
About half of the men made less than $ 30,000 per year , with only a quarter making over $ 60,000 .
The average salary for San Francisco Bay Area jobs is about $ 65,000 and it is absurd to assume that gay men make , on average , less than half of their heterosexual counterparts .
I do not have adequate research at hand to correlate gay male monogamy ( or fidelity ) with employment or economic position .
However , I believe that social position can influence relationship structure so it is a reasonable assumption that a study which is skewed towards a lower economic status may not accurately reflect the extent to which gay male couples as a whole value monogamy .
Conclusion :
The Gay Couples Study does reveal valuable information about the formation of sexual agreements among gay couples .
For example , it reveals that gay men are almost universally talk about monogamy and fidelity and define the rules of their relationship .
This seems true regardless of the structure , length , or investment into the relationship .
And research into breached agreements and how it impacts HIV transmission is essential to targeting prevention efforts .
But in my opinion , Scott James ’ statement that “ New research at San Francisco State University reveals just how common open relationships are among gay men and lesbians in the Bay Area ” may be among the most irresponsible reporting I ’ve ever seen .
The study says nothing whatsoever about lesbians and it tells us little about “ just how common open relationships are ” among anyone .
It ’s pure sensationalism and shoddy journalism .
But the real culprits are those who saw this study and decided that it says something about , for example , gay couples marrying in Iowa or New Hampshire .
This was either lazy response or a deliberate attempt to fraudulently demonize gay couples for political gain .
In short , those reporting on this study got it wrong .
If there is any story here , it would be that a study of San Francisco bay area gay male couples , a sample which was highly skewed to include many participants who are less likely to value monogamy and which defined “ couples ” to include those who have been dating as little as three months , still found that half of them set monogamy as the agreement for their relationship .
For the last time , Stephen Walt , Israel did not send the U.S. and Britain into Iraq .
I do n’t think anyone would mistake me for a big fan of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) , the main ( as they put it ) “ pro-Israel ” lobby in Washington .
The only organization of that kind that I ’ve ever given money to is Americans for Peace Now .
And I have defended critics of AIPAC , including Stephen Walt and John Mearsheimer , the authors of The Israel Lobby , from charges of anti-Semitism .
But I think Walt and Mearsheimer have been dead wrong in trying to blame the Israel lobby or the Israeli government for America ’s invasion of Iraq .
And now Walt is repeating the same nonsense .
Walt , who blogs for Foreign Policy ’s website , recently revived the argument , claiming in a self - congratulatory column titled “ I do n’t mean to say I told you so , but … ” that Tony Blair ’s testimony last month before Britain ’s Iraq War Commission confirmed that “ the Israel lobby ... played a key role in the decision to invade Iraq in 2003 . ”
I have read Blair ’s testimony .
I do n’t find it to be proof of anything of the kind ; and I do n’t think Walt ’s accompanying restatement of the argument is any more persuasive than the version he and Mearsheimer put forward in his book .
Walt says that Blair ’s statement to the commission “ reveals that concerns about Israel were part of the equation [ that is , the decision to go to war ] and that Israel officials were involved in those discussions . ”
Here is what Walt , citing a column in the New Statesman , quotes Blair as saying about his early April 2002 meeting in Crawford , Texas , with George W. Bush :
As I recall that discussion , it was less to do with specifics about what we were going to do on Iraq or , indeed , the Middle East , because the Israel issue was a big , big issue at the time .
I think , in fact , I remember , actually , there may have been conversations that we had even with Israelis , the two of us , whilst we were there .
So that was a major part of all this .
Now there are at least three problems with the inferences that Walt draws from this statement .
First , even if we were to grant that Blair is saying that he and Bush were talking about Israel ’s role in or importance to the Iraq invasion , this certainly does not show that the Israel lobby had anything to do with the decision to go to war .
Nor , secondly , does it show that the Israeli government pressured the U.S. to go to war .
The “ conversations ” could have easily consisted of the Bush administration informing Israelis of their plans .
But these are minor objections .
The real problem is that Walt does not seem to have taken the trouble to have read the transcript of Blair ’s testimony .
If he had , he would have realized that Blair was not talking about how invading Iraq might benefit Israel , but about the conflict then occurring between Israel and the Palestinians .
The second intifada had reached a new height with the Passover and Haifa suicide bombings and the beginning of the siege at the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem , and Blair was concerned that the Bush administration was not actively pursuing the peace process .
Blair wanted the administration to put the Arab - Israeli issue on a par with the threat of Iraq .
The former prime minister makes this clear in other parts of his testimony .
Here is an exchange between Blair and Sir Roderic Lyne :
The struggle against the EU ’s financial diktats is a class issue
29 March 2010
Before and during the recent EU summit , the conflict between Europe ’s governments assumed an extremely sharp character .
At the start of the deliberations of the European leaders in Brussels last Thursday , Stefan Kornelius wrote in the Süddeutsche Zeitung : “ Germany is going through its worst foreign policy crisis in decades . ”
The row flared up over whether or not the European Union should hold out the prospect of financial assistance for Greece .
EU Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso expressly called for an EU - assistance programme , in order , as he said , to prevent a financial disaster with unpredictable consequences .
As a former president of Portugal , he spoke in the interests of the governments in the southern European countries , which like Greece are threatened with national bankruptcy .
Germany ’s Chancellor Angela Merkel ( Christian Democratic Union , CDU ) spoke out strongly against this position , warning against a softening of the Maastricht criteria , which stipulate that a country ’s budget deficit cannot rise above 3 percent of gross domestic product and that its total national public debt cannot exceed 60 percent of GDP .
In the face of the international economic crisis , all governments must uphold strict financial discipline , Merkel stressed .
She demanded that the Greek government unconditionally adhere to the austerity measures it has adopted .
In taking this hard - line stance , Merkel and the German government are responding to a fundamental economic dilemma .
Any EU aid package for Greece would call into question the EU Stability Pact , increasing pressure on the euro .
The value of the euro has fallen by about 20 percent against the US dollar from a peak of $ 1.60 in the spring of 2008 .
The refusal to offer European funding , however , involves no lesser dangers .
It could trigger sovereign defaults in Greece , Portugal and Spain , accelerating the collapse of the euro even further .
This dilemma is directly related to the fact that despite the existence of the European Union , despite the Single Market , the abolition of customs duties and border controls , and despite the introduction of a common currency in 16 of the 27 EU members , the various European nation - states still exist , and all important decisions are taken at a national level .
Under conditions of economic growth and prosperity , the majority of European governments were able to profit from the EU , the euro and Single Market .
But faced with the economic crisis , conflicts between the states are intensifying .
Germany , which long supported the expansion of the EU with large financial contributions , because it benefited from it economically , is now using its economic power to dictate drastic social cuts and austerity measures .
The recent Brussels summit decided that the EU would not provide direct financial aid for Greece .
Only in extremis would it support measures taken by the International Monetary Fund through so - called bilateral aid from EU countries .
This decision was directly determined by the interests of European and international finance capital .
It was made abundantly clear to the Greek government that it must enforce the planned austerity measures against growing popular resistance .
It was made equally clear to Barroso that this also applies to Portugal , Spain and Italy .
A signal was sent out to the financial markets , that if a state faced insolvency — the ultima ratio ( last resort ) , as Merkel termed it — then the profits of the European and international banks would not be endangered , but would be protected by an international rescue programme .
However , such a rescue package would itself be bound up with the need for governments to impose drastic conditions .
Rarely before has the European Union so nakedly revealed its true character as a tool to enforce the dictatorship of the European banks , with Germany — the strongest representative of European capitalism — setting the tone and dictating the terms .
In the past , the EU had advocated the peaceful and harmonious unification of Europe .
But the economic crisis has cut the ground from under this propaganda .
As at the beginning of the last century , so today , the unification of Europe under capitalism is a reactionary utopia .
As in 1914 and 1939 , it means the strongest European power dominating all other states on the continent .
A few months before the Nazis came to power in Berlin in the autumn of 1932 , Leon Trotsky summarized the historic crisis of Europe and the special role of capitalism in Germany with the following words :
“ If the economic evils of our epoch , in the last analysis , result from the fact that the productive forces of humanity are incompatible with private ownership of the means of production as well as the national boundaries , German capitalism is going through the severest convulsions just because it is the most modern , most advanced , and most dynamic capitalism on the continent of Europe . ”
Squeezed into the narrow confines of the European nation - state system , German big business is once again trying to dominate the economy of Europe .
This offensive is meeting with opposition .
Last week saw sharp attacks on Germany from politicians of smaller nations , who accused Berlin of ruthlessly exploiting its economic advantages and of pushing other European countries into taking on debts from which the German banks would benefit the most .
At the same time , the trade unions and their related organizations , such as SYRIZA in Greece , are playing a leading role in spreading nationalist propaganda .
On the last day of action , they called for a boycott of German goods .
Such appeals serve primarily to help them cuddle up to their own government and to suppress a joint struggle by European workers .
The working class must reject these initiatives and nationalist attacks .
Anti-German nationalism is no better than German chauvinism ; they are two sides of the same coin .
The equally bloody and tragic consequences of this policy are all too familiar in Europe .
The struggle against the EU ’s financial diktats is not a national question but a class issue .
To fight back against the draconian austerity measures , which the Papandreou government wants to enforce on behalf of the European banks , Greek workers must join together with their German colleagues and all other European workers .
During the dictatorship of the colonels in the 1960s and 1970s , many workers came from Athens , Thessaloniki and other parts of Greece to find work in Germany and other European countries .
Many still have friends and acquaintances from this time in a number of countries .
These international ties must now be deepened and developed on the basis of an international socialist programme .
Such a programme must start from the fundamental principle that the workers in every country are not responsible for the economic crisis and its impact .
The claim that there is no money is a lie .
For years , the ruling elite in each country has plundered the wealth created by the working class and has enriched itself further through the destruction of social conditions .
To solve the crisis , it is necessary to break the power of the financial aristocracy .
This requires the expropriation of the banks .
In order to finance production and trade , private ownership of these vast financial resources must be abolished , and they must be placed under the democratic control of working people .
This calls for a struggle against the reactionary and cowardly politics of the unions and their petty - bourgeois lackeys , which is sabotaging any serious fight against the international banks .
The working class must not allow the Balkanization of Europe .
It must take up an international struggle for the establishment of workers ’ governments and the United Socialist States of Europe .
Ulrich Rippert
Ulrich Rippert
About Me
When I bought a new phone a few years ago , I realized that it looked just like everyone else 's phone .
I could n't tell it apart , so I decided to take things one step further and look around for a way to personalize my phone .
I talked with a friend of mine who could adjust phone cases , and he helped me to completely replace the exterior so that it looked brand new .
I was really impressed with what he was able to do , and it was incredible to see how much better my phone looked .
This blog is all about making your phone look amazing .
The red ring of death is an inevitable conclusion for most Xbox 360 owners .
But instead of mourning his console 's loss , U.K. - based student Jasper Stevens did something fun to give his lifeless and out - of - warranty Xbox 360 a second chance .
Stevens took it apart and harvested its parts to create a mechanical robot called Roboman .
" The copper wire used in the piece , the flexicable stuff and some other pieces of wiring is from outside , " he says .
" Everything else is from the Xbox . "
It 's the first sculpture he has made out of gadget parts .
And it took just about three hours to create .
" My recent art exam was around the theme ' discarded ' , " he says .
" So I salvaged the parts and used some of the wire I had hanging around to make this . "
Stevens then clicked a few photos and sent it to the Technabob blog .
The entire piece is connected using wiring and there 's no glue or tape holding the parts together .
The Xbox 360's DVD drive founds its place as the base of the sculpture .
The robot 's joints are flexible but it does n't have any batteries so you can only move it around like an action figure .
Check out more photos of his fun and creative re-use of electronic parts .
See Also :
Photos : Jasper Stevens
In California today there is zero respect for members of the Assembly or State Senate .
Everybody hates them .
The colossal failure of our elected “ leaders ” to deal humanely with the state ’s finances cancels out any effort by well - meaning legislators who might be trying to do the right thing .
The Republicans , who control the state ’s finances through the “ two - thirds rule , ” tell us every day that in a $ 1.8 trillion economy we can’t do anything but cut , cut , cut because we simply “ do n’t have the money . ”
They tell us that a $ 19 billion budget deficit — about 1 percent of the state ’s GDP — requires us to dismantle the higher education system , lay off teachers and social servants , close parks , and demolish public institutions that took a generation to build .
Deservedly , the State Legislature has a 13 percent approval rating , and the Governor ’s is about 25 percent .
The nation is catching up to California .
The contempt directed at Sacramento politicians is already bleeding over on every other politician in the state .
What happens in California has national significance .
California ’s deficit fetish ( which is really just an excuse to gut social programs the Right has always opposed ) paves the way for Washington ’s own deficit fetish that is sure to dominate the national discourse in the next few election cycles .
The nation should take a hard look at Meg Whitman ’s gubernatorial campaign .
Her Karl Rove , Mike Murphy , recently threatened to tear apart her Republican rival , Insurance Commissioner Steven Poizner , with a $ 20 million negative ad buy if he did n’t exit the race .
Whitman has already spent $ 39 million of her own money without even securing her party ’s nomination .
Granted , $ 39 million is pocket lint for this billionaire , but how bored do you have to be to throw away that kind of money just to stroke your own ego and have the chance to hobnob with presidents and Senators ?
Seventy - five percent of Californians say the state is heading in the “ wrong direction ” and Whitman wants to step on the gas .
There ’s something creepy about a billionaire calling for gutting what ’s left of California ’s beleaguered welfare system and throwing tens of thousands of poor women and children into the streets at a time when unemployment is 13 percent and people all over the state have lost their homes .
Whitman ’s pricey , stylized TV buys are currently inundating the airwaves .
It ’s all soft - focus emotional bullshit right now , but she ’ll have no choice but to go very , very negative in the general election this fall .
It promises to be a spectacle worth watching .
It will reach a new low in Swift Boating .
The U.S. Congress , with the Republican minority owning the Senate , is growing in unpopularity .
Most people do n’t pay attention to process so they just blame the institution .
The Republicans ’ strategy of blocking everything and letting the country deteriorate is paying political dividends as the contempt for Congress grows and voters move to punish the party “ in power . ”
The strategy is working in California and it will work like a charm nationally too .
Joseph Palermo
Republished with the author ’s permission from the Huffington Post
Mark Juergensmeyer muss ein leidenschaftlicher Wissenschaftler sein , denn sein Wissensdurst hat ihn in alle Weltregionen geführt , in denen religiöse Aktivisten mit der Waffe in der Hand die Machtverhältnisse herausgefordert haben .
Dort hat er die gesellschaftlichen Umstände untersucht , auf welche die religiösen Bewegungen reagieren und ihre Führer nach ihren Motiven befragt .
Zu seinen über hundert G
Anzeige
Mark Juergensmeyer muss ein leidenschaftlicher Wissenschaftler sein , denn sein Wissensdurst hat ihn in alle Weltregionen geführt , in denen religiöse Aktivisten mit der Waffe in der Hand die Machtverhältnisse herausgefordert haben .
Dort hat er die gesellschaftlichen Umstände untersucht , auf welche die religiösen Bewegungen reagieren und ihre Führer nach ihren Motiven befragt .
Zu seinen über hundert Gesprächspartnern gehörten Hamas - Gründer Scheich Yassin und Kach - Gründer Rabbi Kahane , aber auch militante Christen , Buddhisten , Hindus und Sikhs .
Er kann zeigen , dass ihre Ideen trotz gewaltiger Unterschiede in einem Punkt übereinstimmen :
Sie alle erleben die Trennung von Staat und Religion als Angriff des Staates auf die Religion .
Die religiöse Neutralität des säkularen Staates wird als Religionsfeindschaft , die eigene Gemeinschaft als " fragil , verwundbar und belagert " wahrgenommen .
Deshalb können Überreaktionen der angegriffenen Staaten die religiösen Bewegungen in ihrem Wahn bestätigen und ihnen die Rekrutierung neuer Anhänger erleichtern .
Mark Juergensmeyer hätte sich damit begnügen sollen , diese Thesen besser zu belegen .
Stattdessen beginnt er über die gesellschaftlichen Ursachen der religiösen Gewalt zu spekulieren .
So sollen die religiösen Bewegungen " eine Anpassung an eine neue Phase der Moderne oder vielleicht auch der Postmoderne " , jedenfalls an " die Phase der Globalisierung " sein .
Das meint er aus der Tatsache schließen zu dürfen , dass sie in ihrem Kampf gegen die säkulare Ordnung hochmoderne Waffen - und Kommunikationstechnik einsetzen .
Warum aber sind dann die kulturell und ökonomisch globalisierten Gesellschaften des Westens keine Brutstätten religiöser Militanz ?
Und was kann die Globalisierung dafür , wenn - wie Juergensmeyer richtig schreibt - " Antimodernismus , Antiamerikanismus und Ablehnung der Globalisierung als religiöser Kampf dramatisiert werden " ?
Anzeige
Aber nicht nur anonyme soziale Verhältnisse sollen Juergensmeyer zufolge Schuld an der gegen sie gerichteten Gewalt sein .
Er glaubt auch , dass " die Eskalation der Feindseligkeit sowohl auf die Aggressivität der neuen religiösen Aktivisten als auch auf die Halsstarrigkeit ihrer säkularen Opponenten zurückzuführen " sei .
Halsstarrig sind die Verteidiger der säkularen Ordnung seiner Ansicht nach , wenn sie religiös motivierte Einschränkungen der Meinungsfreiheit anprangern , nicht jedoch die " Restriktionen dieser Art " durch säkulare Staaten - wie etwa " die miserable amerikanische Presseberichterstattung über den Golfkrieg " .
Selbst die brutale Theokratie im Iran meint Juergensmeyer gegen ihre säkularen Kritiker in Schutz nehmen zu müssen .
Peinlich ist das .
Dennoch sei dieses
Buch allen empfohlen , die wissen wollen , was sich in den Köpfen religiöser Fanatiker abspielt .
Juergensmeyer versteht ihr Denken so gut wie kaum ein anderer - manchmal etwas zu gut .
Mark Juergensmeyer : Die Globalisierung religiöser Gewalt .
Hamburger Edition , Hamburg .
485 S. , 35 Euro .
Time for an ART THREAD .
Get out your Wacom .
Or mouse .
The theme is , ' Unicorns with Dicks for Horns ' .
It 's simple - now draw one , and put it up here !
Post an image , a link to a bigger one , both ... whatever just as long as you drew it .
WHO KNOWS WHAT WILL BECOME OF THESE !
To start this party properly , I 've just finished one , and rounded up my best of pals to join the fun !
Try and drop some effort into it - I wanna do this more in the future .
Just not necessarily ' Unicorns with Dicks for Horns ' .
...lol .
HERE'S MINE !
Toute application d’espionnage pour téléphone portable , vraiment capable de fournir des résultats , devrait requérir l’installation sur l’appareil cible que vous souhaitez surveiller ( sauf si vous souhaitez surveiller un iPhone sans jailbreak ) .
Tout service qui promet la surveillance d’un appareil mobile distant sans cette exigence est très probablement un escroquerie .
Méfiez - vous de ces services et évitez - les complètement .
Il ne devrait pas être nécessaire de rooter l’appareil Android cible , à moins que vous ne souhaitiez espionner WhatsApp , email , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook et autres activités liées aux applications de l’utilisateur .
Une telle tâche rendrait obligatoire pour le logiciel d’espionnage de téléphone portable d’obtenir l’accès root du dispositif cible , pour pouvoir lire son code de système d’exploitation et l’utiliser pour récupérer toutes ces informations .
D’autre part , si vous n’êtes intéressé que par la récupération de vidéos , d’images , de position GPS , de données d’appel , de messages texte et de l’historique du navigateur du téléphone Android cible , vous pouvez le faire même sans le rooter .
Le seul moyen de surveiller absolument toutes les activités sur un iPad ou un iPhone est de jailbreaker l’appareil avant d’installer tout type de logiciel d’espionnage dessus .
Vous pouvez trouver toutes sortes de logiciels de jailbreak sur Internet ; vous n’avez qu’à effectuer une simple recherche Google avec le mot - clé « jailbreak iPhone » et vous obtiendrez une multitude de résultats pour vous orienter .
Comme nous avons expliqué ci-dessus , vous pouvez espionner un iPhone même sans l’avoir jailbreaké .
Cela peut être très utile pour les gens qui , pour une raison ou une autre , ne peuvent pas obtenir l’accès physique à l’iPad ou iPhone cible ou ne souhaitent pas jailbreaker l’appareil Apple cible .
Il existe plusieurs entreprise d’espionnage de téléphones portables , y compris les 3 détaillées ci-dessus , offrant des services d’espionnage pour iPhone sans jailbreak .
Veuillez noter toutefois que tous les services d’espionnage ne fonctionneront pas efficacement s’il s’agit d’iPhones non jailbreakés .
Par conséquent , tâchez d’utiliser seulement l’une des trois méthodes décrites dans cet article .
Assurez - vous que l’entreprise auprès de laquelle vous achetez le logiciel d’espionnage pour téléphones portables offre un service à la clientèle optime .
Ils devraient avoir un numéro d’assistance à la clientèle ( de préférence sans frais ) à la disposition de tous ceux qui veulent appeler pour obtenir de l’aide .
De plus , il devrait y avoir une personne à l’autre bout de la ligne pour répondre à vos questions , et pas seulement un bot .
Le représentant à qui vous parlez devrait être courtois et être en mesure de répondre à chacune de vos questions , quelle qu’en soit la complexité ou la simplicité .
Si à chaque fois que vous appelez le service à la clientèle , vous entendez un répondeur , il y a de fortes chances que l’entreprise ne soit pas fiable .
Plusieurs entreprises se vantent de manière scandaleuse au sujet de leurs produits d’espionnage , dans le seul but d’escroquer des clients innocents .
Si vous tombez sur une caractéristique qui semble trop belle pour être vraie , c’est peut - être le cas !
Un logiciel d’espionnage de téléphone portable inefficace et non fiable risque non seulement de vous faire perdre de l’argent , mais peut aussi potentiellement nuire à votre relation avec l’utilisateur de l’appareil cible .
En conséquence , vous devriez toujours faire votre part de travail à la maison et effectuer des recherches approfondies sur les différents fournisseurs , avant d’acheter un produit spécifique .
All change is bad .
The Smart Electricity Meter roll out offers a test of this claim .
These meters provide us with real time information about our minute by minute electricity consumption .
In a world where we are glued to our Iphones and Blackberries , should n't such information be useful and improve our quality of life ?
After all , these $ 100 meters will replace the antiquated monthly electricity bill .
Like Star Trek 's Captain Kirk , you will now be an informed captain of your own ship !
To paraphrase Sy Sims , an educated consumer should be a better customer .
But , the NY Times is reporting that a revolt is breaking out .
The first guinea pigs of the smart meter roll out are complaining that they are being price gouged .
The utilities are countering that the bills are high because of weather shocks not a malfunctioning machine or a corrupt machine .
Economists are hoping that these devices will spread quickly across all households .
If households had real time access to information about their consumption of electricity , then electric utilities could offer special incentive programs to such customers to shift their daily consumption .
Leading economists continue to explore how households change their behavior when they face critical peak pricing .
So imagine if your utility sent you a letter saying that it would send you a check for $ 100 each summer month but in return you must agree to face much higher prices per kWh when electricity is at peak demand .
Armed with your smart meter , you would know when these " peak periods " were taking place .
Such a contract would help the utility because if it signed up enough people , this would reduce the likelihood of a blackout and it might need to build less electric utility capacity to meet anticipated demand .
Now there are two research questions here ; 1 . selection --- who would sign up for this program ?
If I plan to be in Paris all summer , then I will sign up for this program and receive the $ 100 check but true aggregate electricity demand does n't decline because of this program because I would have been out of the country if they had or had not given me the check .
2 . Treatment --- facing the high price for electricity at peak times --- how do people change their daily routine ?
Do they go for a swim at an outdoor pool rather than cranking the AC while watching their plasma TV ?
Price signals can play a useful role in our society when we allow them to reflect scarcity !
This backlash against the smart meters is ugly .
The utilities should have rolled out these devices in areas where people support conservation goals and trust the electric utilities .
This group of " guinea pigs " would have offered valuable lessons on perfecting this new technology .
Instead , we now have a paranoia brewing .
Add / view comments on this post .
------------------------------
The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best economy - related bloggers out there .
Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers ' own , as is responsibility for the content of their blogs .
To contact us about a blogger , click here .
To add or view a comment on a guest blog , please go to the blogger 's own site by clicking on the link above .
February 28 , 2010 : " The Jews are Foreign Bacteria ...
The Koran Itself Says That They Have No Parallel ... May He Annihilate This Filthy People "
Following that are excerpts from Friday sermon by Abdallah Jarbu ’ , which aired on Al - Aqsa TV on November 7 , 2008 ( to view this clip on MEMRI TV , visit http://www.memri.org/legacy/clip/1904 ) .
Below are excerpts from an interview with Abdallah Jarbu ' , Hamas deputy minister of religious endowments .
The interview aired on Al - Aqsa TV on February 28 , 2010 ( t o view this clip on MEMRI TV , visit http://www.memri.org/legacy/clip/0/0/0/0/0/0/2415 ) .
Abdallah Jarbu ' : " [ The Jews ] suffer from a mental disorder , because they are thieves and aggressors .
A thief or an aggressor , who took property or land , develops a psychological disorder and pangs of conscience , because he took something that was n't his .
" They want to present themselves to the world as if they have rights , but , in fact , they are foreign bacteria – a microbe unparalleled in the world .
It 's not me who says this .
The Koran itself says that they have no parallel : ' You shall find the strongest men in enmity to the believers to be the Jews . '
" May He annihilate this filthy people who have neither religion nor conscience .
I condemn whoever believes in normalizing relations with them , whoever supports sitting down with them , and whoever believes that they are human beings .
They are not human beings .
They are not people .
They have no religion , no conscience , and no moral values . "
November 7 , 2008 : Following U.S. Election , Jarbu ' Attacks Obama in a Friday Sermon : We Must " First Check Whether His Heart is Black or White "
Abdallah Jarbu ' : " Barack Obama has won .
Is he good or bad for the Arabs ?
Before you talk about this or that , you should know that no American leader has ever won their elections unless he pledged his loyalty to the Jews in advance .
" Obama went to the Wailing Wall , put on their skullcap , shed tears just like they do , and lamented their sorrow , but he did not mention the Palestinian people at all .
He talked about the suffering of the Jews and about the Holocaust , but he did not even mention the people of Beit Hanoun , who were killed while sleeping in their homes .
[...]
" Before you talk about a black leader reaching such a high post , I say that you must first check whether his heart is black or white .
His heart cried over the suffering of the Jews , but did not cry over our suffering . "
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Friday , March 5 , 2010
If someone tripled the fire insurance on their house and then it was burned to the ground days later , would you be suspicious ?
A similar comparison can be made to last night ’s shooting at the Pentagon , which was preceded by weeks of hype from both the establishment left and right about the inevitability of 9/11 truthers going postal .
The media ’s almost instantaneous explanation for the motive behind the shooting that injured two police officers was assailant John Patrick Bedell ’s sense of injustice surrounding 9/11 truth .
Quite how Bedell planned to take on the hub of the military - industrial complex on his own with a couple of guns defies logic and renders the claim that Bedell was acting on his political angst ludicrous .
But the most disturbing aspect surrounding yesterday ’s incident is the fact that people like Glenn Beck on the establishment right and establishment liberal media outlets like CNN and MSNBC on the left have been aggressively promoting for months the notion that people who express dissent against the government are intent on killing people .
It ’s no coincidence that the last two targets of low - level domestic terrorism were the IRS and the Pentagon , and in both cases the propaganda victory enjoyed in the aftermath by the same establishment registered a far greater impact than the actual attacks .
The Pentagon shooting has been seized upon as a way to demonize 9/11 truthers , Tea Party members , drug war opponents , libertarians , and just about anyone with a political opinion .
The Media Elites website feverishly set about using Bedell ’s actions as a stick with which to smear anyone and everyone from supporters of former Democratic candidate Mike Gravel , to “ teabaggers , ” to marijuana decriminalization advocates , to adherents of the economic philosophy of Ludwig von Mises , to people who read books critical of the Bush administration .
Basically , any idea or opinion Bedell ever had was suddenly used as grist for political demonization of a whole smattering of groups seen as a thorn in the side of the establishment .
This pathetic feeding frenzy is now routine in a climate where the public is brainwashed that any dissent against the government is indicative of “ dangerous extremism ” and should be frowned upon .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
This also has the effect of circling the wagons and inculcating within police the idea that protesters and 9/11 truthers represent a physical threat .
Could the shooting be yet another example of false flag terrorism or did Bedell just go nuts ?
What we do know for sure is that the only other two occasions on which 9/11 truthers were accused of being violent or planning terrorism were both completely fraudulent set -ups that were artificially contrived in an effort to demonize people who ask questions about 9/11 .
The first occurred when 9/11 truth activist Gary Talis was accused of assaulting a disabled girl in a wheelchair outside a Laura Bush speaking event .
Talis was later acquitted by a New York jury despite New York police officers and one Secret Service agent lying in claiming Talis had assaulted the girl when in fact he was the one being assaulted by the girl ’s father .
The second incident involved We Are Change New York , who were protesting Larry Silverstein when one of Silverstein ’s security guards called in a hoax bomb threat to the police , claiming that Luke Rudkowski was carrying an explosive device in his backpack .
Since on both these occasions , 9/11 truthers were the victims of an orchestrated set - up to portray them as violent criminals or terrorists , how can we be confident that we have been told the whole story about the Pentagon incident ?
The fact that Glenn Beck , Chris Matthews and others are constantly hyping the inevitability of anti-government individuals going postal and killing people undoubtedly makes already unstable individuals more likely to commit such acts .
Whether Bedell was influenced by his political grievances , media talking points , or he just snapped is largely inconsequential to the fact that this will be exploited to the full by shameful hacks who are eager to silence their opposition by demonizing anyone who so much as utters a word against the government as a violent extremist and in doing so , preparing the groundwork for measures to censor free speech and the Internet .
It ’s not good enough for them to have raped Americans for trillions of dollars , destroyed the economy , turned the police against us , and eviscerated our standard of living , they now want to blackball anyone who so much as raises a whimper in protest as an extremist and a potential terrorist .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
“ It did n’t happen in 1945 - there was no question of limiting reporting at that time simply because an election was happening and I do n’t see why there should be any questions of that now .
Are we to stop operations during this period ?
Obviously not , and if operations are in process they should be reported upon in the normal way .
ROME , Italy —
Most people would n’t consider an earthquake to be an environmental issue .
But while the tremors that shattered Haiti early this month have nothing to do with the island ’s degradation , the extent of the suffering they unleashed is a direct result of the country ’s ecological woes .
The reason can be seen from the sky .
The devastated nation shares its island with the Dominican Republic , but misfortune always seems to strike on its side of a border that is demarcated by an abrupt shift from lush green to bare brown .
While the Dominican Republic has largely managed to preserve its trees , Haiti has lost 98 percent of its forest cover .
In 2004 , Hurricane Jeanne struck the Dominican Republic , and killed 18 people .
In Haiti , where the storm did n’t even make landfall , more than 3,000 lives were lost under floodwater and mudslides .
Deforestation had left the slopes too weak to be able to retain the downpour .
But while some of the extra body count can be attributed to barren hillsides giving way , the true cause goes deeper .
The country ’s environmental troubles have become entangled in its economic and political problems , making all of them harder to fix .
It ’s no coincidence that Haiti is both the poorest country in the western hemisphere and the most environmentally devastated .
Decades of poverty , population growth and near anarchy have stripped the countryside of its forests and split farms into small , infertile plots .
“ What you see in Port - au - Prince — the concentration of people in the slums , which creates violence , which creates disease — it ’s because the people cannot produce more in the countryside , ” Max Antoine , executive director of Haiti ’s Presidential Commission on Border Development , told me when I visited the country in 2007 .
If deforestation has made the country poor , the resulting destitution exasperates the environmental degradation .
Forests disappear .
The slopes lose their soil .
Farm land slips away .
Entire villages disappear under mudslides .
Roads and bridges are wiped away .
The slums continue to swell .
The country sinks deeper into poverty .
Pressed to survive , another farmer chops down another tree to sell in the city as charcoal .
“ It ’s not a vicious circle , ” said Philippe Mathieu , the Haiti director for the Canadian charity Oxfam - Quebec .
“ It is a spiral .
Each time you make a turn , you have less space . ”
This month ’s tragedy showed how tight that space has become .
On Sunday , the official death toll climbed to 150,000 , and the government suspects the figure could double .
Many lost lives could have been avoided if buildings in the capital had been built to withstand earthquakes .
Many others could have been saved if systems for emergency response and medical care had been in place .
As a point of comparison :
In 1989 , an earthquake of exactly the same strength struck San Francisco at almost exactly the same time of day .
The death toll was 63 .
But unlike San Francisco , Port - au - Prince does n’t have building codes .
And if it did , its residents could n’t afford to comply ; most concrete blocks in the capital are handmade , with cheap , light materials .
Even the buildings built by the United Nations could n’t withstand the quake .
As for coordinating an emergency response , Haiti was n’t able to maintain much of a police force — never mind staffing a system of first responders or supporting a strong medical infrastructure .
So when the earthquake struck , the residents of the capital were left pretty much on their own .
The way that Haiti ’s challenges have interlocked has made them particularly difficult to overcome .
The country has tree - planting programs , but they have n’t been able to keep up with the rate of deforestation ; nor are they likely to as long as the poor depend on the charcoal trade for their income .
Even before the earthquake , Haiti ’s government was unable even to keep order on the streets of the capital .
It ’s no surprise that it could n’t solve two seemingly intractable problems at once .
As the rescue effort in Port - au - Prince wraps up , the focus is turning to rebuilding the country .
There ’s talk of reconstructing its agriculture , its educational system , its housing , its infrastructure .
The effort is expected to cost billions of dollars .
It ’s also expected to take decades .
That ’s enough time to grow some trees .
Stephan Faris is GlobalPost 's environmental columnist .
This article is based , in part , on his book , " Forecast : The Surprising — and Immediate — Consequences of Climate Change , " which was published in paperback in September .
Living in Costa Rica gives you the freedom to spend almost as little or much as you choose ; while many things are inexpensive , North American - style luxuries can add up .
Despite this fact , life in Costa Rica is generally less expensive than an equivalent lifestyle in the United States , Canada or Europe , as many expatriates will happily attest .
Monthly Budget
Those expats interested in simple living should budget $ 1500 or less monthly .
Generally , this budget allows for bus rides and the occasional taxi , big trips to the farmers ' market and a few restaurant meals each month .
Others choose to retire or live in relative luxury , employing full - time housekeepers , commuting by car , enjoying exquisite homes and consuming imported goods .
In the Central Valley , such lifestyles can easily amount to $ 3000 or more monthly .
Housing
Rents in rural areas and select urban areas hover around $ 300 - $ 600 for a well - furnished apartment or small home .
At this price , renters can expect Costa Rican - style amenities , which may include line - drying laundry and bathrooms equipped with electric shower heads .
A lavish three - bedroom home near San Jose complete with granite countertops , Jacuzzi bathtubs and hot water heater starts at approximately $ 1500 monthly , and can cost much more .
Food & Dining
Food costs in Costa Rica largely depend on personal preferences .
At a moderately - priced sit - down restaurant , a salad , main course and glass of wine will cost $ 15 - 20 per person .
At sodas , the Costa Rican version of the neighborhood mom-and - pop , a full meal plus natural fruit drink will only run you $ 2 - 4 .
For those who enjoy cooking at home , groceries run the price gamut , and depend heavily on whether you consume imported or local goods .
For example , an exhaustive trip to your local farmers ' market will cost $ 20 - 40 , and can provide a small family with the fruits , vegetables , meats and fish necessary for a week ’s worth of meals .
On the other hand , purchasing expensive meats , imported wines and other premium goods at Auto Mercado , a grocery chain that specializes in high - end foodstuffs , could cost more than $ 200 per week for a small family .
Goods & Services
Remember that as a general rule , services and labor are inexpensive , but many goods are more expensive than back home .
In other words , A housekeeper may charge $ 2 per hour , but a new car can cost almost twice as much as in the United States .
( Used cars can be bought for only slightly more than their North American equivalents . )
Gas and diesel are expensive here , usually costing $ 1 - $ 2 more per gallon than in the U.S .
Entertainment
The extra money spent on transportation is easily recouped in entertainment costs – trips to museums , outdoor concerts and street fairs generally run less than $ 5 per person .
Most concerts and traveling shows cost the same as in other countries .
For outdoor entertainment , Costa Rica ’s extensive park system , wildlife adventures and gardens will satisfy any nature enthusiast .
Be aware that tourists ( anyone not legally classified as a resident or citizen ) pay entrance fees ( usually $ 10 - $ 20 ) , though proceeds help support the country ’s national parks and private reserves .
Health Care
Medical care in Costa Rica is of high quality and very inexpensive .
Currently , residents have three options : private insurance , subscription to the CCSS ( Costa Rican Social Security ) or a combination of the two .
Through INS ( the National Insurance Institute ) , private medical insurance costs about $ 60 - $ 130 / month per person .
Through the Caja ’s public service , insurance for a family ( two adults and their under - 18 dependents ) will cost $ 30 - $ 50 / month .
Note that all legal residents are required to pay membership in the Caja .
For those under age 55 , Caja payments include a mandatory pension payment , which will be paid out beginning at age 65 .
Cost Comparison Chart :
Former Republican vice presidential candidate -- and GOP future presidential candidate ? -- Sarah Palin took out after White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel today for referring to a group of liberal activists as " retarded . "
" Just as we'd be appalled if any public figure of Rahm 's stature ever used the ' N - word ' or other such inappropriate language , Rahm 's slur on all God 's children with cognitive and developmental disabilities -- and the people who love them -- is unacceptable , and it's heartbreaking , " Palin wrote on her Facebook page .
Palin 's son has Down 's Syndrome .
Emanuel has apologized to Special Olympics chairman Tim Shriver for using the word " retarded , " as reported here in The Wall Street Journal .
( Emanuel modified the term with a trademark f- word ) .
UPDATE , Feb . 3 -- Shriver and other disability rights advocates have been invited to the White House on Wednesday to discuss the controversy surrounding the " r- word . "
It 's the second time a high - ranking White House official has apologized to Shriver ; President Obama himself did so after making a Special Olympics crack on The Tonight Show back in March .
Palin , by the way , also figures to make news this weekend when she speaks to the Tea Party convention in Nashville -- and here 's an op - ed she wrote for USA TODAY explaining why she 's attending that meeting .
( Posted by David Jackson )
Washington ’s Blog .
Greg Mankiw noted in January 2009 :
Econ prof Bill Seyfried of Rollins College emails me :
Here ’s an interesting fact that you may not have seen yet .
The M1 money multiplier just slipped below 1 .
So each $ 1 increase in reserves ( monetary base ) results in the money supply increasing by $ 0.95 ( OK , so banks have substantially increased their holding of excess reserves while the M1 money supply has n’t changed by much ) .
Since January 2009 , the M1 Money Multiplier has crashed further , to .786 in the U.S. as of February 24 , 2010 :
( Click for full image ; underlying data is here )
That means that – for every $ 1 increase in the monetary base – the money supply only increases by 79 cents .
Why is M1 crashing ?
Because the banks continue to build up their excess reserves , instead of lending out money :
These excess reserves , of course , are deposited at the Fed :
Why are banks building up their excess reserves ?
As the Fed notes :
The Federal Reserve Banks pay interest on required reserve balances–balances held at Reserve Banks to satisfy reserve requirements–and on excess balances–balances held in excess of required reserve balances and contractual clearing balances .
The New York Fed itself said in a July 2009 staff report that the excess reserves are almost entirely due to Fed policy :
Since September 2008 , the quantity of reserves in the U.S. banking system has grown dramatically , as shown in Figure 1.1 Prior to the onset of the financial crisis , required reserves were about $ 40 billion and excess reserves were roughly $ 1.5 billion .
Excess reserves spiked to around $ 9 billion in August 2007 , but then quickly returned to pre-crisis levels and remained there until the middle of September 2008 .
Following the collapse of Lehman Brothers , however , total reserves began to grow rapidly , climbing above $ 900 billion by January 2009 .
As the figure shows , almost all of the increase was in excess reserves .
While required reserves rose from $ 44 billion to $ 60 billion over this period , this change was dwarfed by the large and unprecedented rise in excess reserves .
[ Figure 1 is here ]
Why are banks holding so many excess reserves ?
What do the data in Figure 1 tell us about current economic conditions and about bank lending behavior ?
Some observers claim that the large increase in excess reserves implies that many of the policies introduced by the Federal Reserve in response to the financial crisis have been ineffective .
Rather than promoting the flow of credit to firms and households , it is argued , the data shown in Figure 1 indicate that the money lent to banks and other intermediaries by the Federal Reserve since September 2008 is simply sitting idle in banks ’ reserve accounts .
Edlin and Jaffee ( 2009 ) , for example , identify the high level of excess reserves as either the “ problem ” behind the continuing credit crunch or “ if not the problem , one heckuva symptom ” ( p.2 ) .
Commentators have asked why banks are choosing to hold so many reserves instead of lending them out , and some claim that inducing banks to lend their excess reserves is crucial for resolving the credit crisis .
This view has lead to proposals aimed at discouraging banks from holding excess reserves , such as placing a tax on excess reserves ( Sumner , 2009 ) or setting a cap on the amount of excess reserves each bank is allowed to hold ( Dasgupta , 2009 ) .
Mankiw ( 2009 ) discusses historical concerns about people hoarding money during times of financial stress and mentions proposals that were made to tax money holdings in order to encourage lending .
He relates these historical episodes to the current situation by noting that “ [ w ] ith banks now holding substantial excess reserves , [ this historical ] concern about cash hoarding suddenly seems very modern . ”
[ In fact , however , ] the total level of reserves in the banking system is determined almost entirely by the actions of the central bank and is not affected by private banks ’ lending decisions .
The liquidity facilities introduced by the Federal Reserve in response to the crisis have created a large quantity of reserves .
While changes in bank lending behavior may lead to small changes in the level of required reserves , the vast majority of the newly - created reserves will end up being held as excess reserves almost no matter how banks react .
In other words , the quantity of excess reserves depicted in Figure 1 reflects the size of the Federal Reserve ’s policy initiatives , but says little or nothing about their effects on bank lending or on the economy more broadly .
This conclusion may seem strange , at first glance , to readers familiar with textbook presentations of the money multiplier .
Why Is The Fed Locking Up Excess Reserves ?
Why is the Fed locking up excess reserves ?
As Fed Vice Chairman Donald Kohn said in a speech on April 18 , 2009 :
We are paying interest on excess reserves , which we can use to help provide a floor for the federal funds rate , as it does for other central banks , even if declines in lending or open market operations are not sufficient to bring reserves down to the desired level .
Kohn said in a speech on January 3 , 2010 :
Because we can now pay interest on excess reserves , we can raise short - term interest rates even with an extraordinarily large volume of reserves in the banking system .
Increasing the rate we offer to banks on deposits at the Federal Reserve will put upward pressure on all short - term interest rates .
As the Minneapolis Fed ’s research consultant , V. V. Chari , wrote this month :
Currently , U.S. banks hold more than $ 1.1 trillion of reserves with the Federal Reserve System .
To restrict excessive flow of reserves back into the economy , the Fed could increase the interest rate it pays on these reserves .
Doing so would not only discourage banks from draining their reserve holdings , but would also exert upward pressure on broader market interest rates , since only rates higher than the overnight reserve rate would attract bank funds .
In addition , paying interest on reserves is supported by economic theory as a means of reducing monetary inefficiencies , a concept referred to as “ the Friedman rule . ”
And the conclusion to the above - linked New York Fed article states :
We also discussed the importance of paying interest on reserves when the level of excess reserves is unusually high , as the Federal Reserve began to do in October 2008 .
Paying interest on reserves allows a central bank to maintain its influence over market interest rates independent of the quantity of reserves created by its liquidity facilities .
The central bank can then let the size of these facilities be determined by conditions in the financial sector , while setting its target for the short - term interest rate based on macroeconomic conditions .
This ability to separate monetary policy from the quantity of bank reserves is particularly important during the recovery from a financial crisis .
If inflationary pressures begin to appear while the liquidity facilities are still in use , the central bank can use its interest - on - reserves policy to raise interest rates without necessarily removing all of the reserves created by the facilities .
As the NY Fed explains in more detail :
The central bank paid interest on reserves to prevent the increase in reserves from driving market interest rates below the level it deemed appropriate given macroeconomic conditions .
In such a situation , the absence of a money - multiplier effect should be neither surprising nor troubling .
Is the large quantity of reserves inflationary ?
Some observers have expressed concern that the large quantity of reserves will lead to an increase in the inflation rate unless the Federal Reserve acts to remove them quickly once the economy begins to recover .
Meltzer ( 2009 ) , for example , worries that “ the enormous increase in bank reserves — caused by the Fed ’s purchases of bonds and mortgages — will surely bring on severe inflation if allowed to remain . ” Feldstein ( 2009 ) expresses similar concern that “ when the
economy begins to recover , these reserves can be converted into new loans and faster money growth ” that will eventually prove inflationary .
Under a traditional operational framework , where the central bank influences interest rates and the level of economic activity by changing the quantity of reserves , this concern would be well justified .
Now that the Federal Reserve is paying interest on reserves , however , matters are different .
When the economy begins to recover , firms will have more profitable opportunities to invest , increasing their demands for bank loans .
Consequently , banks will be presented with more lending opportunities that are profitable at the current level of interest rates .
As banks lend more , new deposits will be created and the general level of economic activity will increase .
Left unchecked , this growth in lending and economic activity may generate inflationary pressures .
Under a traditional operating framework , where no interest is paid on reserves , the central bank must remove nearly all of the excess reserves from the banking system in order to arrest this process .
Only by removing these excess reserves can the central bank limit banks ’ willingness to lend to firms and households and cause short - term interest rates to rise .
Paying interest on reserves breaks this link between the quantity of reserves and banks ’ willingness to lend .
By raising the interest rate paid on reserves , the central bank can increase market interest rates and slow the growth of bank lending and economic activity without changing the quantity of reserves .
In other words , paying interest on reserves allows the central bank to follow a path for short - term interest rates that is independent of the level of reserves .
By
choosing this path appropriately , the central bank can guard against inflationary pressures even if financial conditions lead it to maintain a high level of excess reserves .
This logic applies equally well when financial conditions are normal .
A central bank may choose to maintain a high level of reserve balances in normal times because doing so offers some important advantages , particularly regarding the operation of the payments system .
For example , when banks hold more reserves they tend to rely less on daylight credit from the central bank for payments purposes .
They also tend to send payments earlier in the day , on average , which
reduces the likelihood of a significant operational disruption or of gridlock in the payments system .
To capture these benefits , a central bank may choose to create a high level of reserves as a part of its normal operations , again using the interest rate it pays on reserves to influence market interest rates .
Because financial conditions are not “ normal ” , it appears that preventing inflation seems to be the Fed ’s overriding purpose in creating conditions ensuring high levels of excess reserves .
The Fed Has Failed Once Again
I believe that the Fed ’s efforts to ensure excess reserves are completely wrong , as deflation is the greater short - term threat .
See this , this , this , this , this , this , this and this .
However , regardless of whether or not the Fed has been right to worry about inflation since it started paying interest on excess reserves in October 2008 , the real cost of this program to the American people and the American economy has been staggering .
In October 2009 :
Otmar Issing , the ECB ’s former chief economist , told an Open Europe forum in London that policymakers are entering treacherous waters .
“ Nobody can be sure that we have a self - sustaining recovery .
The challenges facing the ECB are tremendous , ” he said .
“ Money multipliers have collapsed everywhere .
What M3 is telling us is that confidence is missing .
I do n’t see any way to stabilise M3 in such circumstances , ” he said .
As Barron ’s notes :
The multiplier ’s decline “ corresponds so exactly to the expansion of the Fed ’s balance sheet , ” says Constance Hunter , economist at hedge - fund firm Galtere .
“ It hits at the core of the problem in a credit crisis .
Until [ the multiplier ] expands , we ca n’t get sustainable growth of credit , jobs , consumption , housing .
When the multiplier starts to go back up toward 1.8 , then we know the psychological logjam has begun to break . ”
As I wrote last October :
Professor Tim Congdon from International Monetary Research says : A key reason for credit contraction is pressure on banks to raise their capital ratios …
“ The current drive to make banks less leveraged and safer is having the perverse consequence of destroying money balances , ” he said .
“ It strengthens the deflationary forces in the world economy .
That increases the risks of a double - dip recession in 2010 . ”
But is n’t it good that governments are requiring banks to raise their capital ratios ?
Sure , but unless they force the banks to write off their bad debts , they will remain giant black holes , and will never be adequately capitalized .
If they are never adequately capitalized , they will never release money out into the economy through loans and other economic activity …
As just one example , remember that the nominative amount of outstanding derivatives dwarfs the size of the global economy .
As another example , remember that several of the too big to fails have close to a trillion dollars each in toxic assets in off - book SIVs .
IMF chief Dominique Strauss - Kahn says that the history of financial crises shows that “ speedy recovery ” depends on “ cleansing banks ’ balance sheets of toxic assets ” .
“ The message of all financial crises is that policy - makers ’ priority must be to stop the quantity of money falling and , ideally , to get it rising again , ” he said .
As many people have repeatedly written ( including me ) , the world ’s governments must restore sound economic fundamentals – which includes forcing banks to write down their bad assets – instead of cranking up the printing presses and trying to paper over all of the problems .
Moreover , as [ we ] have pointed out , governments can create all the credit they want , but if people do not have jobs , they will not borrow that money .
In addition , the amount of credit and wealth destroyed exceeds the amount of money pumped into the system .
When will the politicians listen ?
Will they wait until after the next huge market crash ?
When there are tent cities everywhere ?
After their governments default and they essentially lose sovereignty under “ austerity measures ” imposed by the IMF , World Bank or other agency ?
Note 1 : The NY Fed actually says that the M1 money multiplier is now moot as a metric .
Specifically , the above - discussed paper states that the central bank ’s policy of paying interest on excess reserves renders the M1 money multiplier – that all economists rely on – useless .
Note 2 : It ’s not just the Fed .
The NY Fed report notes :
Most central banks now pay interest on reserves .
Note 3 : I understand that consumers ’ balance sheets are so impaired that many are not looking for loans .
However , many consumers and small businesses are looking for credit , and are being turned down .
Developing a tumor in the back part of the brain seems to indicate a stronger belief in a higher power .
What else might it mean ?
File this one under ‘ not quite sure of the implications . ’
A recent study set out to determine the “ religiousity ” in patients with brain cancer before and after the removal of tumors .
Turns out damage to one part of the brain , both from the tumor itself and the removal of it , is likely to make you more , you guessed it , God-lovin ’ .
Actually it goes beyond God and includes the Universe , or connectedness to others , so this finding is n’t just for Christians .
But the “ holy hole ” is in a very - specific area of the brain – the posterior parietal cortex .
That means if a person has a tumor in the frontal cortex , or front - part , of the brain , they ’re more than likely feeling a bit less universally - connected .
Normally , the posterior parietal cortex is linked to maintaining one ’s “ sense of self , ” and so it is interesting to find it might also have to do with understanding there is something greater than the self .
The outcome of the 88 brain - cancer patients who took part in the study found that those who had tumors removed from the posterior had even more feelings of self - transcendence than before surgery , while the patients with tumors at the front had no change in spiritual belief after surgery .
What does this mean for those without brain tumors ?
Well , as blogger Ryan Sager puts it :
What this would appear to show is that feelings of self - transcendence , and thus possibly religiosity , can be changed by alterations to neuroanatomy — in this case , first from a tumor , and then from the inevitable damage incurred by removal of a tumor .
Possible Outcomes
As an old professor of mine who posted this article noted , this could point to particular religious practices such as kundalini yoga – where an energy force “ snakes ” its way up the body and out the top of the head – might have the ability to shift neurons in the brain .
Many other spiritual systems focus on energy coming in and out of this same area of the skull , and therefore practicing them may tangibly make people more religious .
What are the negative implications possible ?
Well , let ’s see .
Possibly backing up those people who believe that a higher power is simply a survival mechanism that our brains created ?
Or the more a brain is healthy and fully - developed ( and not missing a part ) , the less likely a person is to believe in God / the Universe ?
Even better , as Sager points out , the possibility of a quick surgery to “ cure ” believers , or non-believers , depending on what those in charge desire at the time ?
Of course , some could say that from an evolutionary standpoint , developing a tumor and then having it removed in fact develops the brain further – new cells and information are allowed to flood into that open space of the brain that computes self - awareness .
Naturally , the same outcome might be true by developing your spiritual muscles .
What do you think of the implications of this study ?
Share your thoughts below .
The U.S. could add hundreds of thousands of jobs if Congress requires that part of the nation 's electricity be derived from renewable sources , according to a study released Thursday .
The study , by Navigant Consulting , said a renewable - energy standard requiring utilities to produce between 20 % and 25 % of their energy from wind , solar and other renewable sources would create between 191,000 and 274,000 jobs .
More ...
16 Finalists Announced in Phase 1 of Race to the Top Competition Finalists to Present in Mid-March ; Winners Announced in Early April
FOR RELEASE :
March 4 , 2010 Contact : Justin Hamilton
( 202 ) 401-1576 or press@ed.gov
Today the Department of Education announced that 15 states and the District of Columbia will advance as finalists for phase 1 of the Race to the Top competition .
Race to the Top is the Department 's $ 4.35 billion effort to dramatically re-shape America 's educational system to better engage and prepare our students for success in a competitive 21st century economy and workplace .
States competing for Race to the Top funds were asked to document past education reform successes , as well as outline plans to : extend reforms using college and career - ready standards and assessments ; build a workforce of highly effective educators ; create educational data systems to support student achievement ; and turn around their lowest - performing schools .
The phase 1 finalists are :
Colorado
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Illinois
Kentucky
Louisiana
Massachusetts
New York
North Carolina
Ohio
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
Tennessee
" These states are an example for the country of what is possible when adults come together to do the right thing for children , " Secretary Arne Duncan said .
" Everyone that applied for Race to the Top is charting a path for education reform in America " Duncan continued .
" I salute all of the applicants for their hard work .
And I encourage non-finalists to reapply for phase 2 . "
The 16 finalists were chosen from among the 40 states and the District of Columbia that submitted applications for phase 1 .
Winners for phase 1 will be chosen from among the 16 finalists and announced in April .
Applications for phase 2 will be due on June 1 of this year , with finalists announced in August and winners in September .
The only states prohibited from applying in phase 2 are those that receive awards in phase 1 .
How Finalists Were Chosen
Panels of 5 peer reviewers independently read and scored each state 's application .
The panels then met in February to finalize their comments and submit scores .
Each state 's score is the average of the five independent reviewers ' scores .
The Department arranged the applications in order from high to low scores and determined which applicants were the strongest competitors to invite back based on " natural breaks " i.e. scoring gaps in the line - up .
The top 16 applications were then selected as finalists .
All 41 applicants from phase 1 will receive their peer reviewers ' comments and scores after the winners are announced in April .
The Department will post the scores and applications on its Web site .
Choosing Winners from Among the Finalists
The finalists will be invited to DC in mid-March to present their proposals to the panel that reviewed their applications in depth during the initial stage , and to engage in Q&A discussions with the reviewers .
The purpose of the finalist stage is to allow reviewers to ensure that the state has the understanding , knowledge , capacity , and the will to truly deliver on what is proposed .
The presentations will be videotaped and posted for viewing on the Department 's website at the end of Phase 1 .
At the conclusion of the presentations , the reviewers will meet again to discuss each application , finalize scores and comments , and submit them to the Department .
Again , the final score for each application will be an average of the five peer reviewers ' scores .
The scores will be arranged in order from high to low and presented to Secretary Duncan for final selection .
Number of Winners & Award Sizes
The number of phase 1 winners will be determined by the strength of the applications .
While the department does not have a predetermined amount of money to award in each phase of the competition , we expect no more than half of the money will be awarded in phase 1 to ensure a robust competition in phase 2 .
" We are setting a high bar and we anticipate very few winners in phase 1 .
But this is n't just about the money .
It 's about collaboration among all stakeholders , building a shared agenda , and challenging ourselves to improve the way our students learn .
I feel that every state that has applied is a winner and the biggest winners of all are the students , " Duncan said .
Of the $ 4.35 billion in Race to the Top funds provided under the Recovery Act , the Department will distribute approximately $ 4 billion directly to states to drive education reform and $ 350 M to consortia of states that compete in a separate competition to create new college and career - ready assessments .
The assessment competition is still in the design phase .
Based on Race to the Top 's early positive effect on national education reform , President Obama proposed to continue the program next year by requesting $ 1.35 billion in the Administration 's FY 2011 budget .
###
Top
READER COMMENTS ON
" Will the Right Turn ( More ) Violent ? "
( 22 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Mark E. Smith said on 3/25/2010 @ 5:41 pm PT ...
Do n't count on the Democrats doing better in November , Frank .
While the Republicans are trying to make the bill seem worse than it is , the Democrats have been trying to make it seem better than it is .
I remember going to one of Obama 's " town meetings " on health care .
The room was packed with health care professionals and ordinary citizens , and we were all , every single one of us , outraged that Obama had taken single payer off the table and would n't allow it to be mentioned .
We wanted health care , not slight improvements in health insurance that wo n't kick in until Congress , the Supreme Court , and a new administration have time to gut them .
Do n't count on the millions of first - time voters registered by ACORN turning out -- not after they watched the Democrats they 'd elected vote for an unconstitutional bill of attainder against ACORN .
Do n't count on the anti-war and anti-bailout crowd turning out -- not after Obama has expanded the wars of aggression and given more to the crooked banksters than Bush had dared dream of .
And do n't count on anyone who is n't paid ( see the Kentucky elections officials ' corruption story on today 's BradBlog ) turning out -- people are really tired of their votes not being counted , vanishing inside central tabulators , the corporate media announcing winners before the results are in , and Congress swearing in officials before all the votes are counted .
If the Democrats did n't always pull a bait - and - switch , letting popular candidates draw in the voters but then nominating unpopular candidates who can raise more corporate money , if the Supreme Court had n't decided to allow unlimited corporate money in politics , and if the Democrats were n't too busy pandering or caving to the Republicans to care about what voters want , there would have been a good chance for a second Obama term .
He may get it anyway , but if so , the corporations will have to manufacture the votes .
He has betrayed every promise he ever made .
Sure , the political party operatives and aspiring candidates on both sides will vote , but they 're a very small percentage of the electorate .
How long do you really think that people will keep voting in faith - based , unverifiable elections , for candidates they cannot hold accountable ?
You 've been wrong before , Frank , and it was , as I understand you , a question of belief .
A lot of people lost faith in the Republicans and switched to the Democrats .
A lot of Democrats lost faith in their party and switched to third parties .
But as long as we have a Constitutional oligarchy instead of a democracy , sooner or later people are going to realize that a symbolic vote is no substitute for a real democracy and a real voice in government .
The violence on the right is usually perpetrated with impunity because it is condoned , if not actually ordered , by the highest levels of government , which is not the elected or appointed officials but the corporations that own them .
But even the most peaceful demonstrations by the left bring out the full strength of law enforcement because they are opposed to the corporate status quo , opposed to the torture and wars of aggression , opposed to environmental degradation , opposed to globalization , and opposed to multi-trillion - dollar crony bailouts .
What you think of as government is just a bureaucracy that our real rulers set up to shield themselves from our wrath .
There will be a huge turnout here in California because marijuana legalization will be on the ballot .
Some other states may get large turnouts by putting other self - centered hot - button issues on the ballot .
But hardly anyone at all would vote if there were only Democrats and Republicans on the ballot .
According to recent polls by Rasmussen Reports , only 21 % of American voters say that the US government has the consent of the governed , and nearly half of all voters believe that people randomly selected from the phone book could do as good a job as the current Congress .
In George Washington 's day , marijuana was cheap and legal , so they bribed people to go to the polls with whiskey .
Now that booze is cheap and legal and pot is not , they 're using marijuana to get out the vote .
Nothing at all has changed .
If you want to get poor people to vote for rich people who will not represent them and cannot be held accountable during their terms of office , you have to bribe them or threaten them .
Not even Americans vote against their own interests because they want to .
When you vote for the lesser of two evils , you 've made a deal with the devil just as if you had voted for the greater evil .
Faced with two evil choices , people of conscience do n't run out to vote for one of them because they like evil .
And when you do n't have any choice but evil , you are not a free person and it is n't a free election .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 3/25/2010 @ 6:06 pm PT ...
Violent ?
Ha , take a look at this .
http://www.zombietime.com/zomblog/?p=621
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Montana said on 3/25/2010 @ 7:46 pm PT ...
Since their inception the Teaparty crowd ( not a movement since they do have the numbers or clout ) have been “ haters not debaters ” .
In my opinion this is what the small portions of the republican party of “ birthers , baggers and blowhards ” have brought you .
They are good at “ Follow the Leader ” of their dullard leaders , they listen to Beck , Hedgecock , Hannity , O’Reilly , Rush and Savage and the rest of the Blowhards .
Are you surprise at what they do when you know what they think ?
The world is complicated and most republicans ( Hamiliton , Lincoln , Roosevelt ) believe that we should use government a little to increase social mobility , now its about dancing around the claim of government is the problem .
The sainted Reagan passed the biggest tax increase in American history and as a result federal employment increased , but facts are lost when mired in mysticism and superstition .
Although some republicans are trying to distant themselves from this fringe most of them are just going along and fanning the flames .
As for the window .
This was staged by one of Cantor ’s gun buddy , good try at being a victim but I do n’t buy it , next .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... cult of skaro 23 said on 3/25/2010 @ 9:53 pm PT ...
Mark E. Smith : i am inclined to believe you .
Obama has done everything in his power to alienate the left .
I would have been happy with a vigorous expansion cum reform of medicaid .
I could not bring myself to vote for Obama , and ultimately cast my vote for Nader out of disgust with his warmongering
( I would have gone for Brian Moore but he lacked ballot access in my state ) .
Hopefully if any good comes of this it will be that both grassroots will have vigorous third party challengers .
Steve :
At the risk of sounding like a hypocrite .
And as much as I hate to argue formalities , I must disagree with the premise of this link you have posted .
These sound like trivial issues but
1 ) there were actual plots against Obama .
White supremacists actually were going to kill him at one point .
2 ) No one has showed up with a gun at an anti-bush rally
3 ) Dave Neiwart showed that the violence is still worse on the right ( again hate to be arguing lesser - evilism )
http://dneiwert.blogspot...1/unhinged-unhonest.html
4 ) These people hate Barack Obama not for what he has done ( continue what 90 % of bush admin policies ) , but because of paranoid fears that he will attempt to implement some type of socialism that exists only in the minds of Bircherites .
5 ) The right has ACTUAL elected officials , and pundits sympathizing with the extremists , and rationalizing their behavior .
Michelle Bachmann , Scott Brown ( a supposed moderate ) , and Glenn Beck of course .
Can you imagine if Obama had even a few kind words for Bill Ayers , the shitstorm !!??
6 ) The left never had anything approaching the Tea Parties , Militias , and Oath Keepers .... since the late sixties early seventies ... although truthfully I 'm rapidly becoming ambivalent about such a thing I do n't want to excuse threats of death against Bush or Obama , both are not acceptable ( even worse , most of these protesters probably oppose the Death Penalty , completely missing the damn point ) , but I think to glibly compare the two of them , and say , " oh both sides have their lunatics " , well , it 's a little like comparing the lies the neocons collectively told , with say ... some of the crazy stuff the Revolutionary communist party put out .
It 's sort of this fallacy of balance that infects our society .
But thank you for the link though .
It was very informative and eye - opening .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... cult of skaro 23 said on 3/25/2010 @ 9:55 pm PT ...
Oh .... and that last part was not sarcasm .
can't really do inflection or intonation online :/
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/25/2010 @ 10:01 pm PT ...
I agree , they got in bed with hate .
They did n't even SAY the words " health care " from 2000 to 2008 , let alone get the issue out in front of everyone for an entire year .
That 's going forward , not staying the same or going backwards .
Yeah , it 's not what I wanted , I want single payer .
But I think this is the beginning of getting single payer .
Doing nothing was not the beginning of getting single payer or affordable universal coverage .
Remember that guy threw a shoe at Bush ?
I think he was an Iraqi .
How come no one brings that up ?
Why are n't the Republicans bringing that up ?
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 3/25/2010 @ 10:34 pm PT ...
# 1 and # 3
What a couple of fantastic posts .
Just chiming my agreement .
Is n't it odd that in much of Western Europe , manacled socialists that they are , routinely are in the streets demanding for the replacement of this useless , corrupt bugger or that , and in some cases governments ?
I mean , Italy - what have they had , 43 governments since the end of the war ?
It 's not necessarily the most effective way to manage a nation , but it sure as shit ain't worse than the horse traders we end up with all the time !
And often , the power of the people is the power to make real change happen .
I do n't know if the Western Europeans are on a grand scale any more or less enslaved than we , but they certainly seem to have more political freedom in terms of representation and access , and tend to be happier with their education system , healthcare systems ( and not all are single - payer , but they are all heavily regulated ) - regardless of what our corporate healthcare owned media tells us , have a higher standard of living , live longer and are healthier as a physical body , have less violent crime , have stronger economies , the list goes on .
Odd , yes .
You'd think all of that would be more apt to happen here , what with us being the bestest country in the history of the world , and being that our God will kick their God 's ass ( two hits buddy ! )
Yet we eat dreck daily , and cling tighter to the dwindling sack of things to be thankful for in America .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 3/25/2010 @ 10:40 pm PT ...
If the Democrats keep their majority in November , it 'll be through fear of allowing the teabaggers more of a voice in our government , not as a result of any meritorious acheivement .
The Democrats will win by forcing us to eat less of a pile of turds than the Republicans would ( at least that is their claim ) .
And we will thank them for it .
No way to run a country .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Alex said on 3/26/2010 @ 12:42 am PT ...
Both Dems and Reps should be thrown out of office , for lack of ability to think beyond an election cycle , for promising more than they were going to enact ( dems ) or enacting much more than they promised ( reps ) .
Even if the country has not shifted right , the political elites ( as well as the media insiders ) have shifted right .
No one in Washington seems to want a revival of the left , so throw them all out ( politicians and the media ) .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Mark E. Smith said on 3/26/2010 @ 2:24 am PT ...
Here 's an article lambasting the media by the " Father of Reagonomics " : Truth Has Fallen and Has Taken Liberty With It That makes two such articles I 've seen in two days .
Are some of those responsible for destroying our economy just waking up to the fact that we no longer have one ?
The fault was n't solely with the Republicans , of course , and with regard to Haiti , Bill Clinton has remarked that his free trade policies were wrong and destroyed the Haitian economy by allowing us to dump rice there and force small farmers off their land .
Some of the violence on the right might just be due to the fact that many fascists are incapable of ever admitting that they 're wrong .
But it was both the far right ( Republicans ) and center right ( Democrats ) who were wrong .
Both political parties serve our oligarchy and neither one wishes to cede power to a democratic form of government .
If only the third parties were opposing our Constitutional oligarchy rather than seeking power within it , there might be some small hope for change .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... joeldg said on 3/26/2010 @ 8:16 am PT ...
Asimov said it best in Foundation :
" Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent . "
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 3/26/2010 @ 9:12 am PT ...
Our friend Patterico is already trying to downplay it by bringing up someone harrassing palin and Eric Cantor 's lie about being targeted .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... John J said on 3/26/2010 @ 11:09 am PT ...
Mark @ 10
Thanks for the link , good article but this guy is a climate change denier which reduces his credibility in my eyes .
There has not been an alternative theory that explains the observations made of our changing climate and there are mountains of evidence supporting the leading theory .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/26/2010 @ 11:57 am PT ...
Are Republicans just blatantly pissing on us now ?
wtf ?
Do they do ANYTHING for us ?
Once again , a stubborn Senate Republican is blocking speedy passage of a stopgap bill to extend jobless benefits , saying its $ 9 billion cost should not be added to the national debt .
This time it 's Sen .
Tom Coburn , R - Okla .
http://news.yahoo.com/s/...us_unemployment_benefits
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 3/26/2010 @ 12:27 pm PT ...
Not to mention the hold they 're placing on extending military benefits .
They have no shame
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Diane said on 3/26/2010 @ 2:51 pm PT ...
John J , I am not in 100 % agreement with Paul Craig Roberts , but he comes closer to telling the truth ( including re 9/11 ) then most of my fellow lefties .
I was put off by his mention of climate change as well , but I think his objections are with Cap and Trade .
As the following link points out " the devil is in the details " : http://www.storyofstuff.com/capandtrade/
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Atilla said on 3/26/2010 @ 7:07 pm PT ...
This bill is n't the greatest , I 'll admit .
But we sure as hell arent going to get single payer universal coverage , or any kind of decent health care from the Republicants .
So what choice do you have in November ?
Got to back Obamas play .
He seems to be catching on to how totaly insane the GOPers have become with the mixing of religion and politics .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... CharlieL said on 3/26/2010 @ 10:31 pm PT ...
Ever play chess ?
At the advanced levels , it 's a matter of a series of moves that eventually puts you in a NO - WIN position where you have to make a choice , and neither choice is any good .
Modern American politics is that way .
The Corporate Party ( 99.9 % of the Rethuglicans and 95 % of the Democrats ) make moves and positional plays that eventually put American voters in a position where they have to make a choice they do n't like .
And there is " Health Care Reform " that we are asked to support , because if we do n't , then THE REPUBLICANS WILL WIN , and they are " evil , " so we must support the turd that is HCR .
But what we are supporting is also evil , with its mandates and no public option or single payer or limits on premiums or fast - enacting controls .
We 've been played .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... draa said on 3/26/2010 @ 11:11 pm PT ...
The people that I know that identify with Republicans certainly wo n't be backing any of this .
They 're conservative , not nuts .
It 's a fringe movement that will soon end badly because they always do .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... volvoblue said on 3/27/2010 @ 9:47 am PT ...
I do not know when the republican party turned into a mob of hysterical teabaggers , but , it is sad to watch .
Their lawmakers , who should be the adults , are just as reckless and irresponsible as the mob of teabaggers .
They have egged on the behavior .
For all their talk of personal responsibility , they never take their own .
They blame others and refuse to own up to things .
Or do anything to turn it around .
I think back to my childhood and remember when republicans did right by the people .
They took the lead in the Watergate investigation .
They knew it was important for the good of the country .
They were responsible adults back then .
And while I have always been a democrat , I would not feel such disgust for them as I do today , simply because of this behavior .
If something violent happens , the republicans will not change .
They will blame others and they will be in denial of their own actions .
They are like drug addicts who cannot accept their addiction .
I do not know what will become of the party but , it is either going to cease or it will spin off into some other parties if they do not get a grip soon .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... FreedomOfInformationAct said on 3/27/2010 @ 11:31 pm PT ...
How 's that ' Hooked on Phonics ' thing working out for you right - wingers ?
oh and btw - SHUT UP YOU REGRESSIVES ,
We are moving FORWARD into the 21st Century , not the 19th !
New Rule : You Can't Use " There Will Be No Cooperation for the Rest of the Year " as a Threat If There Was No Cooperation in the First Half of the Year
Bill Maher - Host of HBO 's " Real Time with Bill Maher "
Posted : March 26 , 2010 05:36 PM
http://www.huffingtonpos...nt-use-the_b_515354.html
Watch the video here
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxwTc-9kJWA
Obama announces 15 recess appointments , scolds GOP
By BEN FELLER , Associated Press Writer ( 03 - 27 ) 22:29 PDT WASHINGTON ( AP ) ---
Fed up with waiting , President Barack Obama announced Saturday he would bypass a vacationing Senate and name 15 people to key administration jobs , wielding for the first time the ... Read Full Story Read more : http://www.sfgate.com/cg...114D77.DTL#ixzz0jRlUDWr1
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Montana said on 3/28/2010 @ 5:01 pm PT ...
Society
21 infant bodies found in E. China By Guan Xiaomeng ( chinadaily.com.cn )
Updated : 2010-03-30 17:01
A man fishes out several bags that contain 21 bodies of babies under the Guangfuhe bridge in a village in Jining , Shandong province , on March 28 , 2010 .
The bodies , which had started decomposing , still had tags on their legs with names , height and weight information but no hospital name .
According to the local health department , these babies probably were dumped by hospitals as medical waste after dying from diseases or abortion .
[ Photo / CFP ]
21 infant bodies have been discovered under a bridge in the suburb area of Jining city of east China 's Shandong province on Tuesday .
Eight of dead babies had labels attached to their feet with information saying they had been treated and declared dead in two local hospitals .
No clues were found on the remaining bodies .
A police investigation is underway and the local environment authority has dispelled public worries over the river water as people fear it become polluted by the dead bodies .
As a young doctoral student in the 1960s , Francisco J. Ayala was surprised to learn that Darwin ’s theory of evolution appeared to be less widely accepted in the United States than in his native Spain , then a profoundly conservative and religious country .
Ayala brought a unique sensibility to the topic , because he had been ordained as a Catholic priest before undertaking graduate studies in evolution and genetics .
What he believed then , and has spent his career espousing , is that evolution is consistent with the Christian faith .
On Thursday , Ayala , an acclaimed researcher at UC Irvine , won the 2010 Templeton Prize , awarded annually in recognition of achievements in affirming spirituality .
The prize is worth $ 1.6 million , which Ayala said he would give to charity .
In announcing the award , Dr. John M. Templeton Jr. , president of the John Templeton Foundation , praised Ayala ’s research , which has focused on evolutionary genetics , as well as his inquiries into fundamental questions of life .
“ Ayala ’s clear voice in matters of science and faith echoes the foundation ’s belief that evolution of the mind and truly open - minded inquiry can lead to real spiritual progress in the world , ” Templeton said .
In a telephone interview from Washington , where he was accepting the award , Ayala said he believed he was receiving it for his scientific work and for the “ very important consequence of making people accept science , and making people accept evolution in particular . ”
Ayala , 76 , has been at the forefront of efforts to defend Darwin ’s theory from attacks by Christian fundamentalists , many of whom favor the notion of intelligent design , which is consistent with a literal reading of the biblical creation story and holds that the world is too complex to have evolved without oversight by a supreme being .
He was the primary author of “ Science , Evolution and Creationism , ” a publication of the National Academy of Science that attempted to boil down the argument in favor of Darwin .
He also is the author of numerous other publications , including the book “ Darwin ’s Gift to Science and Religion , ” which expands on his pro-evolution argument and attempts to knock down intelligent design , which he says is either “ bad science or not science at all . ”
In the book , he says it “ is possible to believe that God created the world while also accepting that the planets , mountains , plants and animals came about , after the initial creation , by natural processes . ”
Evolution “ is consistent with a religious belief in God , whereas creationism and intelligent design are not . ”
This , he said , is because intelligent design suggests that the deformities of the world are God ’s design , whereas science shows them to be “ a consequence of the clumsy ways of the evolutionary process . ”
Ayala served as an expert witness in a landmark 1981 legal case that successfully challenged an Arkansas law requiring the “ balanced ” teaching of creationism alongside evolution in schools .
He also has called for greater understanding of religion by scientists .
Last fall , Ayala debated a prominent advocate for intelligent design , William Lane Craig , at Indiana University .
Various Internet accounts suggested that the evening was less than a triumph for Ayala .
( “ He got womped , ” wrote one Ayala sympathizer . )
Ayala said he had n’t understood he would be debating and did n’t believe a debate was the proper way to resolve the dispute anyway .
In the interview with The Times , Ayala said he was taught evolution in Catholic schools in Francisco Franco ’s Spain .
Later , during study for the priesthood at a Dominican seminary , he learned Christian concepts dating to St. Augustine about interpreting the Bible metaphorically .
“ The Bible is a book about religious truths ; it is not how the Earth was made , ” he said .
He added that he rejects the idea that one can read the Bible “ as if it were an elementary textbook of biology or physics . ”
Ayala was ordained a priest in 1960 but chose to leave the priesthood to study genetics .
He has spent most of his scientific career at the University of California , first at Davis and since 1989 at Irvine , where he is a professor of both biology and philosophy .
His research in recent years has focused on reconstructing the evolution of the parasitic protozoa responsible for malaria , with the hope of eventually laying the groundwork for a cure .
“ He ’s a major figure in the field , ” said UC Irvine colleague John Avise , who was Ayala ’s student during his own doctoral studies in the 1970s .
“ He was one of the early pioneers of molecular methods in population biology , so he got in sort of on the ground floor of the molecular revolution that took place back in the 1960s and early 1970s . ”
Colleagues invariably describe Ayala as a Renaissance man , who not only excels at biology and theology but is also an avid opera lover and the owner of a large vineyard in Northern California , a remnant from his days at UC Davis .
He continues to grow grapes for numerous wineries , as well as for his own small private label .
Whenever wine is served at a biology department function , said colleague Brandon Gaut , “ his expertise comes into play . ”
The Templeton Prize was founded by John Templeton Jr.'s father , John Templeton , a pioneer of the mutual fund industry who died in July 2008 .
The first prize was awarded to Mother Teresa in 1973 , and later recipients have included the Rev. Billy Graham , Soviet dissident and writer Alexander Solzhenitsyn and a number of prominent scientists .
mitchell.landsberg@latimes.com
Quasars were discovered in the beginning of the 1960s as distant sources that emitted electromagnetic energy and radio waves .
It was thought that it was a special type of star that emitted radio radiation so it got the name quasar .
The word quasar is a contraction of quasi- stellar and means star like .
But their light is very different from ordinary stars and it was first in the beginning of the 1980s that it was discovered that they were heavy black holes in the middle of a galaxy in the very early universe .
Credit : NASA
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Astronomers have come across what appear to be two of the earliest and most primitive supermassive black holes known .
The discovery , based largely on observations from NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope , will provide a better understanding of the roots of our universe , and how the very first black holes , galaxies and stars came to be .
" We have found what are likely first - generation quasars , born in a dust - free medium and at the earliest stages of evolution , " said Linhua Jiang of the University of Arizona , Tucson .
Jiang is the lead author of a paper announcing the findings in the March 18 issue of Nature .
Black holes are beastly distortions of space and time .
The most massive and active ones lurk at the cores of galaxies , and are usually surrounded by doughnut - shaped structures of dust and gas that feed and sustain the growing black holes .
These hungry , supermassive black holes are called quasars .
This artist 's conception illustrates one of the most primitive supermassive black holes known ( central black dot ) at the core of a young , star - rich galaxy .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech
As grimy and unkempt as our present - day universe is today , scientists believe the very early universe did n't have any dust -- which tells them that the most primitive quasars should also be dust - free .
But nobody had seen such immaculate quasars -- until now .
Spitzer has identified two -- the smallest on record -- about 13 billion light - years away from Earth .
The quasars , called J0005 - 0006 and J0303-0019 , were first unveiled in visible light using data from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey .
That discovery team , which included Jiang , was led by Xiaohui Fan , a coauthor of the recent paper at the University of Arizona .
NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory had also observed X - rays from one of the objects .
X - rays , ultraviolet and optical light stream out from quasars as the gas surrounding them is swallowed .
" Quasars emit an enormous amount of light , making them detectable literally at the edge of the observable universe , " said Fan .
When Jiang and his colleagues set out to observe J0005- 0006 and J0303-0019 with Spitzer between 2006 and 2009 , their targets did n't stand out much from the usual quasar bunch .
Spitzer measured infrared light from the objects along with 19 others , all belonging to a class of the most distant quasars known .
Each quasar is anchored by a supermassive black hole weighing more than 100 million suns .
Of the 21 quasars , J0005 - 0006 and J0303-0019 lacked characteristic signatures of hot dust , the Spitzer data showed .
Spitzer 's infrared sight makes the space telescope ideally suited to detect the warm glow of dust that has been heated by feeding black holes .
Data from NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope compare a primitive supermassive black hole ( top ) to a typical one .
Image credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech
" We think these early black holes are forming around the time when the dust was first forming in the universe , less than one billion years after the Big Bang , " said Fan .
" The primordial universe did not contain any molecules that could coagulate to form dust .
The elements necessary for this process were produced and pumped into the universe later by stars . "
The astronomers also observed that the amount of hot dust in a quasar goes up with the mass of its black hole .
As a black hole grows , dust has more time to materialize around it .
The black holes at the cores of J0005- 0006 and J0303-0019 have the smallest measured masses known in the early universe , indicating they are particularly young , and at a stage when dust has not yet formed around them .
The Spitzer observations were made before the telescope ran out of its liquid coolant in May 2009 , beginning its " warm " mission .
Explore further Breaking new ground in the search for dark matter
Palestinian - American lawyer Huwaida Arraf sent out the following note to friends yesterday after her release from detention :
I was arrested on Friday at around noon as I tried to get the Israeli soldiers to stop shooting at people in Nabi Saleh ( a small village of about 400 people ) , especially after International Solidarity Movement volunteer Ellen Stark was shot in the arm .
We were in Nabi Saleh for a weekly demonstration by the villagers against the theft of their land .
Simultaneous demonstrations were taking place in Jerusalem and in a number of villages throughout the West Bank .
In Nabi Saleh , the demonstration took the form of people walking down a hill towards the confiscated land .
" Stop shooting … a woman has been injured and needs medical attention " I yelled at the soldiers , making my way back up the hill to the road they stood on ( shooting down at us knowing the rugged terrain we were on made it very difficult to move quickly to avoid their barrage of tear gas and bullets ) .
When I got on the road the soldiers turned their guns on me but I just get talking and walking towards them .
" We have a woman that has been shot ; she needs help .
Stop shooting .
There is no reason to be shooting at people like this .
You are in THEIR village . "
For this I was handcuffed and thrown in a jeep , later accused of : ( 1 ) attacking a police officer ; ( 2 ) cursing at the military and police ; ( 3 ) obstructing the operations of the military ; and ( 4 ) being in a closed military zone .
Instead of being taken to a police station , as Israeli citizens and foreigners are supposed to be , I was taken to the illegal settlement of Halamish where I was held for nearly eight hours outside in the cold .
Two other Palestinians from Nabi Saleh , Omar who is 23 and Amjad , 22 were also arrested and brought there .
The soldiers and border police were particularly abusive to Omar and Amjad , pushing them around , forcing them to stand for hours , handcuffed and blindfolded and every few minutes yelling at them to lift their heads , so they could n’t rest or fall asleep .
When I protested this abuse I was told to " shut the f*** up " and if I did n’t , I would get the same treatment .
I responded , " I do n’t really care , but it ’s sad that you feel you have to treat people so inhumanely . "
" Shut the f*** up ! "
At one point , when Omar could n’t feel his hands or move his fingers anymore ( a combination of tight plastic cuffs and the cold ) , we were taken into a building supposedly to be checked by a doctor .
The same officer who kept telling me to shut up , abusing his power because he can , ordered us to stand facing the wall .
I refused this unnecessary measure and show of machismo , and was dragged back outside , lifted by my arms , while still cuffed behind my back , and then thrown on the ground .
The dehumanization of Palestinians was not only evident amongst the soldiers , but also the Jewish settlers .
Since we were held outside in the settlement , we were exposed to settler youth who surrounded and hurled profanities at us .
The ISM lawyer says that my arrest was illegal ; that I should have been taken before a judge the same day I was arrested .
Israeli citizens and internationals have that right .
Palestinians do n’t .
I was separated from Omar and Amjad at about 2:00 in the morning as after we were interrogated I was taken to a women ’s prison in Ramle , and they to the Ofer military prison .
In the end I was detained for 31 hours then released .
If I had not been released I would have come before a judge last night .
It will likely be at least another week before Omar and Amjad will be allowed to see a judge .
At that point they will be accused of violence because they were protesting , unarmed , against the confiscation of their land .
The heavily armed soldiers that invaded their village , immediately began shooting tear gas and rubber coated steel bullets ; the soldiers that damaged 10 Palestinian homes and injured 25 people in Nabi Saleh are n’t the violent ones .
We are .
Omar and Amjad are likely to have to pay a fine and / or post a hefty bail to be released , if they are not held for months first .
The police released me right before I was scheduled to come before a judge .
This is likely because they had nothing to bring before a judge .
I probably should have refused release and challenged their actions in court , but I really did n’t want to make a big deal out of my arrest when so many other worse things are happening .
That said , so many good things are happening also .
Solidarity actions around the world are on the rise , the BDS movement is gaining more support every day , and the spirit of the Palestinian people is high .
Israel expects to be able to continue stealing land and resources , subjugating the indigenous people , and using violence to subdue any kind of protest from the colonized and their supporters .
We do n’t have the weapons Israel has to fight back , but we have our spirit and our voices with which we will fight .
Israel should be under no illusion that it can intimidate or break us .
Not such a dolce vita !
How a British couple quit the rat race to make olive oil in Italy ... but found there was no place like home
When Cathy Rogers and her partner Jason Gibb quit their jobs to buy an olive grove in October 2005 , their friends could barely conceal their envy .
Little surprise , given that they were pursuing the dream so many of us have of escaping the rat race .
With plans to run their own business selling olive oil , and with the warm Italian climate beckoning , Cathy and Jason seemed on a one - way trip to a life of true contentment .
Falling back in love with Britain : Cathy Rogers , Jason Gibb and daughter Rosie - the family moved to Italy to run an olive farm but found the ' grass was not greener ' living abroad
' Everyone we talked to was envious , ' says 41 - year - old Cathy .
' Everyone started talking about the Italian dream and how they 'd love to do the same .
' Looking back , it seems really bizarre , but no one questioned why we'd give up well - paid jobs that we enjoyed to move to the back of beyond and grow olives .
' Living in Italy seems to tap into a peculiarly middle - class desire .
It was a given among our friends that we would have a much better life . '
It 's a sentiment that will no doubt be echoed by thousands of Britons returning this week from holidays in southern Europe , their heads full of dreams about how they could carve out new lives in a sun-drenched Mediterranean country .
But , if a fresh start abroad is such a nirvana , why , less than four years after they moved to Italy , are Jason , Cathy and Rosie , five , as well as their new daughter Sorrel , back in London and living in a flat in grimy old Earl 's Court ?
It is a remarkable end to the wanderlust that saw them leave their old lives and seek out a slice of La Dolce Vita .
It started when Cathy and Jason were working for the TV company RDF , creator of such shows as Wife Swap and The Secret Millionaire .
Highly driven people - Cathy is an Oxford - educated medic and Jason , 37 , has a doctorate in marine biology - they were desperate for a new challenge .
Their home was a stunning apartment and their lives were bustling with excitement - but they decided that something was missing .
' We enjoyed living in a big city , but it was a very shallow existence , ' explains Jason .
' We both love food and wine .
And we both longed to do something different with our lives , something we could actually touch .
We plumped on the idea of buying an olive grove and producing our own olive oil .
' We did n't want to drop out - we just wanted to embrace a new way of life . '
So the couple decided to bite the bullet and move to Italy .
Eager not to appear naive , they researched the project carefully .
They learned Italian and read endless books on olives .
Cathy and Jason also realised that they would have to come up with a new concept if they were to make money , because the olive oil market is so saturated .
Drawing on the inspiration of their friend Craig Sams , founder of Green and Black 's chocolate , they hit upon the ' adopt - a - tree ' scheme - tapping into the foodie dream of knowing exactly where your food comes from .
' The idea was that people would n't just buy olive oil - they 'd buy olive oil from their adopted tree , ' says Jason .
' It made perfect business sense because customers pay as soon as they adopt a tree in advance of receiving the oil .
So you avoid problems with cash flow - a real bane for many start - up businesses . '
All they needed was the perfect location .
' We saw at least 80 properties , ' says Jason .
Stunning :
The family bought a farmhouse in the Le Marche region on Italy 's east coast
' Some had trees growing through the roof .
We almost bought one beautiful farmhouse at a knockdown price until we discovered the catch .
Thanks to quirky Italian property laws , the ancient uncle of the owner owned one of the bedrooms and could pop round any time . '
Finally , in 2004 , they bought a farmhouse outside Loro Piceno , a tiny village in Le Marche , on Italy 's east coast .
Complete with 989 harvestable olive trees , it cost £ 190,000 and another £ 130,000 to renovate .
' It was n't our dream home , ' Jason admits .
' It was Sixties brick - built .
We very much let our heads rule our hearts .
We knew we were jumping into the unknown , but we thought we were prepared . '
And although it might not have been the ancient rambling farmhouse of a Bertolucci film , there 's no doubt everyone they knew was convinced they were doing the right thing .
But things would n't be as straightforward as they had hoped .
The first shock came before the couple had even moved in .
Determined to be well prepared , they enrolled on a three - day course on olive pruning , run by the Italian government to encourage farmers in good practice .
Looking around nervously at their fellow ' classmates ' in a draughty village hall , Cathy and Jason had never felt more out of place in their lives .
Hard work :
The couple 's first olive oil was a success and even sold in Selfridges in London ( file picture )
The stares of amazement from wizened old men with weather - beaten faces did n't help .
As the locals gawped at Cathy , Jason and baby Rosie , in utter disbelief , it was obvious they could n't understand what the neatly - dressed young family were doing there .
' Everyone else was over 65 , hairy and half our height , ' says Cathy .
' Their looks said it all .
What on earth were we doing there ?
' At that point I really began to ask myself what had possessed us to give up lucrative office jobs for this ?
And why would we try to make a living from olive oil when most sensible Italians would cut off their pruning hand to avoid trying to do that ?'
The couple soon realised that their farmhouse had been cheap precisely because young families like themselves were deserting the countryside .
For ambitious Italians , the thought of tilling the soil was anathema .
But , buoyed up by the enthusiasm of friends and family , the couple refused to admit they might have made a terrible mistake .
And so , in October 2005 , they arrived at their new home - and found themselves hurled headlong into the reality of life on an olive farm . '
The first shock was the total silence , ' says Cathy .
' It was so quiet it was spooky .
I 'd ever expected to miss the sound of police sirens and car alarms , but I did .
' Then there were the practical problems of living in a building site .
Although we had spent 12 months before arriving paying builders to renovate the house - which had been uninhabited for ten years - it was n't finished . '
The couple also found themselves falling foul of notorious Italian bureauracy .
' We were running an internet company but we were n't able to get a phone line in , ' sighs Cathy .
' Jason drove into town every single day for months to send a fax to the company to plead for a line .
We found ourselves driving out into the countryside with our laptop on our knees until we found an open broadband connection we could hook into .
It was ludicrous . '
In fact the very things that make Italy such an enchanting place to go on holiday turned out to be hideously irritating when you actually live there .
' There 's no urgency , ' says Cathy .
' When you live a busy life in England , it 's great to slow down when you go abroad .
But if you are driven - as we both are - it 's actually torture to live like that all the time . '
And , as the couple quickly realised , Italian sunshine is as much a myth as everything else .
' Our first year had the coldest winter there for a long time , ' says Cathy .
' We were cocooned in thick fog for the first two months .
We could n't even see the hedge six feet away .
' We harvested our first olives in thick snow .
We 'd visualised ourselves shinning up trees in T - shirts while the sun beat down .
Instead we were in wellies and wearing every piece of clothing we possessed . '
Working from dawn until dusk and with the help of their neighbour and his tractor , Cathy and Jason managed to harvest all their olives .
' Virtually every friend from Britain had promised to come and help with the harvest , ' says Jason .
' But no one ever materialised .
They were just too busy leading their normal lives back home . '
Despite the feelings of isolation , the business was a success from the start , due in no small part to their clever ' adopt - a - tree ' scheme .
The couple used a central olive press 20 minutes drive away to produce their oil .
A trip to Italy 's capital Rome reminded Cathy and Jason how much they missed the hustle and bustle of London
Giant machinery crushes the olives - stones , skin and all - turning them into a greeny - mauve lumpy paste .
A processor then separates water and pulp from the precious oil , which is poured into barrels .
But although their first olive oil was a huge success , even selling in Selfridges Foodhall in London , Jason and Cathy found it hard to feel content .
' The basic problem was that we were spending every second in each other 's company , ' says Jason .
' The romance disappeared . '
Doggedly , the couple soldiered on , and as the months passed , they found there were compensations .
Once the neighbours got over the shock of their arrival , they became more welcoming .
Their Italian improved , and not before time for Jason who is vegetarian .
' My pronunciation was so bad that restaurateurs would look horrified when I explained I did n't eat meat or fish , ' he says .
' They thought I was saying I did n't eat dogs or peaches . '
Rosie was installed in a nursery she loved .
' At the end of the day we'd get a sheet telling us exactly what she 'd eaten , ' laughs Cathy .
' It was so different from her nursery in London , where no one was bothered about food . '
Eager to fit in , the couple threw themselves into village life .
Jason joined the local football team and Cathy joined the choir .
' It was an eye opener , ' says Jason .
' Before important matches , the village priest would turn up to give us a blessing .
But the biggest shock was in the dressing room .
' I 'd been used to turning up in a scruffy old kit and heading to the pub straight afterwards without even bothering to shower .
' The first time I turned up I could n't get over the other guys .
They all had immaculately pressed kits , hairdryers and bags stuffed with male perfume and body lotion . '
In the choir , Cathy found herself learning how to sing English songs with an Italian accent .
' It was the only way I could fit in and not sound totally stupid , ' she laughs .
' Mastering the Elvis Presley classic Can't Help Falling In Love was hysterical . '
With the business established and sales promising , the couple should have felt at last that they had made the right decision .
But they did n't .
Home sweet home !
The family returned to London because they ' yearned for the buzz and excitement of being in a big city '
' We had promised ourselves right from the start that no matter how dreadful things might be , we would stick it out for at least a couple of years , for pride if nothing else , ' says Cathy .
' And we kept telling ourselves that once we improved our Italian , or made more friends , or sorted out the house totally , we would be happier . '
The couple had been in Italy for almost two years when they took a trip to Rome .
And suddenly the scales fell from their eyes .
Squashed into a packed and filthy underground train , they felt at home for the first time since they had left London .
It was a eureka moment .
' We realised what we'd both been missing - other people , ' says Cathy .
' We yearned for the buzz and excitement of being in a big city .
' We 'd looked for paradise where everyone tells you to find it - in a sun-dappled Italian olive grove .
We actually found it on a stinking , crowded , graffiti - laden tube train . '
It was the beginning of the end of their Italian dream .
Back home in Le Marche , they could n't hide their discontent any longer .
And , six months later , they moved to a rented apartment in Rome .
And when a few months later Cathy was offered the opportunity to return to her old company with a new job in creative development , she jumped at the chance .
But it was hard admitting to friends that their dream was n't all it had been cracked up to be .
' We felt very sheepish about telling people we were coming home , and that it was the right choice for us , ' says Jason .
Just before Christmas , the couple returned to London with Rosie and their daughter , Sorrel , 19 months , to a flat in West London .
They have kept on the farmhouse and Jason still flies back to oversee his olives , but there is no doubt they are desperately relieved to be back in the concrete jungle .
And though they have forsaken their slice of Italian sunshine full - time , the business is thriving .
A co-operative of local olive oil producers has joined the tree adoption scheme .
And local artisans produce goods such as jars of jam and sun-dried tomatoes that are sold under the brand name Nudo .
' I 've no regrets that we came back , ' says Jason .
' Apart from anything else , we are incredibly lucky because following our dream could have cost us a fortune .
We 've taken a lot from living in Italy .
Most of all it has taught us that the grass is n't always greener .
' I never knew how much I 'd miss commuting into a bustling city .
I love the buzz of the rush hour . '
Cathy agrees .
' Sometimes you have to leave somewhere to appreciate it , ' she says .
' I 've come back and fallen in love with England all over again .
' Italians are very complacent and , to be fair , they have a lot to be smug about .
But , on the negative side , they are n't hungry and ambitious .
' It 's fashionable to knock our way of life .
That 's all very well , but when being self - deprecating turns into self - loathing , it 's very harmful .
' There was nothing more sapping than sitting in a house in the middle of the Italian countryside in the fog with no one but yourself to please . '
Something to consider when you sit daydreaming this week about how you would just love your summer holiday to go on for ever .
• The Dolce Vita Diaries by Cathy Rogers and Jason Gibb is published by HarperCollins at £ 14.99 .
Find out more abut Nudo at www.nudo-italia.com.
Speaker Pelosi :
Sign the petition today !
On Thursday , Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin announced that the Senate would support any health care fixes passed by the house – and would oppose any not included in their reconciliation bill .
Now , Speaker Nancy Pelosi has a historic opportunity to take the reins back on behalf of the House of Representatives and the majority of Americans who want a public health insurance option .
We launched this petition to let Speaker Pelosi know that this is her chance to be a hero – to get past all the obstructionist tactics and the risk - averse , fear - based politics of the Senate , and finally give Americans the option of a public health insurance plan .
Please sign our petition – and share it with your friends – to let Speaker Pelosi knows that if she fights for a public option , we 'll stand with her .
From the creators of Ori and the Blind Forest comes the highly - anticipated sequel , Ori and the Will of the Wisps .
Embark on an all - new adventure in a vast and exotic world where you ’ll encounter towering enemies and challenging puzzles on your quest to discover Ori ’s true destiny .
Immerse yourself in a hand - crafted narrative experience with deeply emotional storytelling , strikingly beautiful environments , and a stunning soundtrack .
Master new skills to guide
Ori through a journey of untold danger using newly acquired spirit weapons , spells , and attacks .
Utilize an all - new shard system to power - up Ori ’s newfound abilities .
Face larger - than - life bosses and seek help from an expansive cast of new characters who will help you uncover Ori ’s mysterious fate .
Race to the top of the leaderboards in the all - new Spirit Trials mode where players dash , burrow , grapple , and leap to high scores in unique speed - run challenges throughout the game .
92 4 . Hades September 17 , 2020
Defy the god of the dead as you hack and slash out of the Underworld in this rogue - like dungeon crawler from the creators of Bastion , Transistor , and Pyre .
Hades is a god - like rogue - like dungeon crawler that combines the best aspects of Supergiant 's critically acclaimed titles , including the fast - paced action of Bastion , the rich atmosphere and depth of Transistor , and the character - driven storytelling of Pyre.
BATTLE OUT OF HELL
As the immortal Prince of the Underworld , you 'll wield the powers and mythic weapons of Olympus to break free from the clutches of the god of the dead himself , while growing stronger and unraveling more of the story with each unique escape attempt .
UNLEASH THE FURY OF OLYMPUS The Olympians have your back !
Meet Zeus , Athena , Poseidon , and many more , and choose from their dozens of powerful Boons that enhance your abilities .
There are thousands of viable character builds to discover as you go .
BEFRIEND GODS , GHOSTS , AND MONSTERS
A fully - voiced cast of colorful , larger - than - life characters is waiting to meet you !
Grow your relationships with them , and experience thousands of unique story events as you learn about what 's really at stake for this big , dysfunctional family .
BUILT FOR REPLAYABILITY
New surprises await each time you delve into the ever - shifting Underworld , whose guardian bosses will remember you .
Use the powerful Mirror of Night to grow permanently stronger , and give yourself a leg up the next time you run away from home .
NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE Permanent upgrades mean you do n't have to be a god yourself to experience the exciting combat and gripping story .
Though , if you happen to be one , crank up the challenge and get ready for some white - knuckle action that will put your well - practiced skills to the test .
SIGNATURE SUPERGIANT STYLE
The rich , atmospheric presentation and unique melding of gameplay and narrative that 's been core to Supergiant 's games is here in full force : spectacular hand - painted environments and a blood - pumping original score bring the Underworld to life .
Metascore : 92 User Score : 9.3
The present study was part of the MobilEe project , an epidemiologic investigation of possible effects of exposure to radiofrequency electromagnetic fields on wellbeing in children and adolescents conducted in Bavaria , Germany .
It was funded by the German Mobile Telecommunication Research Programme ( DMF ) .
MobilEe is described elsewhere in more detail [ 33 ] .
A population - based sample of adolescents was personally interviewed .
In this survey , a broader scale of health conditions was investigated , including a screening question on prevalent headache during the last six months .
Adolescents ( 13 to 17 years ) , who reported at least one episode of headache per month during the last six months , were invited to answer a questionnaire for a more detailed investigation of type of headache .
The research was approved by the Ethics Committee of the Medical Faculty of the Ludwig - Maximilians - University Munich ( 285/03 ) .
Written informed consent was obtained from the participants ' parents and - if participants were older than 14 years - from the adolescents themselves as well .
Participants
Every resident in Germany is forced by law to register at the population registry of his place of residence ; taken together these registries list all inhabitants of Germany .
Participants in the MobilEe project were randomly drawn from the population registries in four Bavarian cities .
Six thousand three hundred and eighty - six children and adolescents were invited to participate in a personal interview : 516 could not be approached and 2,848 refused to participate .
From the 3,022 participants with completed interviews , 1,498 were children younger than 13 years and therefore not eligible for the present study .
For 388 of the 1,524 remaining adolescents , inclusion in the headache study was not possible , since they had been recruited prior to the conception of the headache substudy , leaving 1,136 adolescents for the present study .
Of these 1,136 subjects , 547 reported no headache episodes during the last six months , while 589 subjects reported headache and were therefore invited to complete the headache questionnaires .
For 508 of these , the questionnaire was completed , but 8 had to be excluded because of inconclusive information .
A further 11 subjects without headache and 11 subjects with valid headache questionnaires had to be excluded because of missing values in the potential socio- demographic confounding variables .
This leaves a final study population of 1,025 subjects , of whom 489 had valid headache questionnaires ( ' any headache ' group ) and 536 were without any headache ( ' no headache ' group ; see Figure 1 ) .
Figure 1 Flow diagram of subject participation .
Subjects included in the headache study are marked shaded .
Full size image
A non-responder analysis with respect to socio- demographic variables revealed that adolescents from families with higher levels of education were more willing to participate in the MobilEe study [ 33 ] .
Data collection
Data were collected in public buildings , like city halls or public health departments .
Computer - assisted personal interviews took between 15 and 25 minutes to complete .
Participants who indicated that they had suffered from headache at least once per month during the last six months were asked to fill in a detailed questionnaire on type of headache .
Validated questions on socio- demographic variables from the German Health Interview and Examination Survey for Children and Adolescents ( KiGGS ) were used [ 34 ] .
The definition of the adolescents ' SES was based on their own level of education and on the job position of their parents .
Level of education was assigned on a scale from 1 point ( general secondary school ) to 5 points ( grammar school ) .
In a first step , parental jobs were classified using the International Standard Classification of Occupations ( ISCO - 88 ) .
Afterwards , the jobs were assigned to the International Socio - Economic Index of Occupational Status [ ISEI ; [ 35 , 36 ] ] .
Each ISCO code holds a specific ISEI value , where a high value stands for a job with a high prestige .
ISEI values were then divided into quintiles .
Level of education and assigned ISEI quintile were added together and revealed the following SES levels : low SES ( 2 - 4 points ) , middle SES ( 5 - 7 points ) , high SES ( 8 - 10 points ) [ see [ 7 ] ] .
For the present analyses , low / middle and high SES were dichotomized .
Earlier studies using MobilEe data [ 7 , 37 , 38 ] revealed that sex ( male , female ) , age group ( ' 14 years and younger ' , ' 15 years and older ' ) , family condition ( ' complete ' if living together with both parents , otherwise ' incomplete ' ) and SES ( low / middle , high ) are associated with headache and / or with electronic media use and are therefore to be considered as socio- demographic confounding variables in the present study .
Use of mobile phones was assessed with the following item : ' On an average day , how long ( in minutes ) do you use your mobile phone for voice calls ? ' with the response categories ' not at all ' , ' less than 5 minutes ' , ' 6 to 15 minutes ' , ' 16 to 30 minutes ' and ' more than 30 minutes ' .
Questions investigating use of the other electronic media were taken from the KiGGS interview [ 3 ] :
Average daily use of computer / internet , watching television / videos , playing with game consoles and listening to music was assessed using a 5 - point response scale ( ' never ' , ' approximately 30 minutes ' , ' approximately 1 to 2 hours ' , ' approximately 3 to 4 hours ' , ' more than 4 hours ' ) , separately for weekdays and weekend days .
Average use of each electronic media was estimated as weighted means from weekdays and weekend days .
An overall media index for use of electronic media was estimated by adding up time spent with computer / internet , television / videos and playing with game consoles [ 3 ] .
Headache questionnaire
The headache screening question in the interview ( ' How often did you experience headache within the last six months ? ' ) was part of the symptom checklist developed for the survey of Health Behaviour in School - aged Children [ 39 ] .
Subjects who indicated that they had suffered from headache at least once per month were given a detailed questionnaire on type of headache , based on the International Classification of Headache Disorders - 2nd edition ( ICHD - II ) [ 40 ] .
Any type of migraine and any type of TTH were classified according to the ICHD - II criteria as primary headache disorders .
The classifications of pure migraine included the subtypes migraine ( with or without aura ) and probable migraine according to the strict criteria for adults .
Furthermore , probable migraine was classified according to a modified criterion for children with a shorter duration of headache ( i.e. , attacks between 30 minutes and 72 hours ) .
This criterion was chosen for the sake of comparability with another German study on headache in adolescents [ [ 20 ] ; see also [ 37 , 38 ] ] although it does not quite match the conventional ICHD - II criterion for children , which requires attack rates of at least one and up to 72 hours .
The classification of pure TTH included the subtypes infrequent episodic TTH , frequent episodic TTH , chronic TTH , probable infrequent episodic TTH , probable frequent episodic TTH and probable chronic TTH .
The diagnostic criteria for probable migraine and any probable TTH require agreement with all but one of the respective diagnostic criteria for the migraine or TTH , respectively .
Therefore , a double diagnosis of ' migraine plus TTH ' could arise .
All other subjects with headache who did not match any of these diagnoses for primary headache were considered as miscellaneous headache ( MH ) .
Statistical analysis
Differences in categorical variables ( i.e. media use ) were tested by using Cochrane - Armitage tests for underlying trends with ordered categories ( i.e. different durations of media use ) , studying dose - response effects .
Multivariate analyses were done using logistic regression models adjusted for age group , sex , family condition and SES as potential socio- demographic confounding variables .
Separate regression models for each type of electronic media ( mobile phone , computer / internet , television / videos , game consoles , music , overall media index ) and each type of headache ( ' pure migraine ' , ' pure TTH ' , ' migraine + TTH ' and ' MH ' against no headache ) were calculated .
Further regression models for each type of headache were calculated , considering all types of electronic media ( mobile phone , computer / internet , television / videos , game consoles , music ) and socio - demographic variables ( age group , sex , family condition , SES ) .
Odds ratios ( OR ) with 95 % confidence interval ( CI ) for associations between no vs. different durations of media use and six - month prevalence of headache were reported .
Calculations were performed with the SAS software package ( version 9.1 , SAS Institute Inc. Cary , NC , USA ) .
Pickles Merino
Tweed : ingen over , ingen ved siden av , ihvertfall nesten .
I tillegg til å være kanskje vårt vakreste garn er det også utrolig anvendelig , og vi bruker det til så og si alt .
Her har vi samlet et lite utvalg for å se på variasjonsmulighetene , men det er kun kreativiteten som setter grensene !
Dilla- sjalSiden [… ]
by Eddie Milton Garey Jr.
In Illinois , federal judges have allowed at least two lawsuits to proceed against correctional officials for using full body scanners to reveal the anatomy of both prisoners and visitors without removing their clothing .
This is the very same device that airports are seeking to implement on some inbound flights to the United States .
The cases of Young v. County of Cook , 2009 U.S. Dist .
Lexis 64404( N.D. 111. ) , and Zboralshi v. Monohan , 616 Supp.2d 792 , 798 ( 2006 , N.D. Ill ) , explain , “ A Rapiscan is a machine that uses ‘ back - scatter ’ x- ray technology to conduct a body scan . ”
There is no significant difference between using Rapiscan and computer tomography ( CT scan ) whole body scanning .
Despite the clearance of some CT scanners ( Rapiscan ) , the FDA ’s website shows that no data has ever been presented to the agency as to the safety of these devices and states that it has never approved these devices as being safe because “ some Food and Drug Administration officials were worried that full - body CT screening scans ( Rapiscans ) ‘ may be exposing thousands of Americans to unnecessary and potentially dangerous radiation ’ and that CT scans of the chest delivered 100 times the radiation of a conventional chest x-ray … between .2 to 2 rads of radiation during a single scan . ”
See , e.g. , Virtual Physical Ctr-Rockville , LLC v. Philips Med. Sys. , 478 F.Supp.2d 840 , 842-43 ( D. Md. 2007 ) and “ FDA Raises Body Safety Issue ” by Marlene Cimons in the Los Angeles Times , June 5 , 2001 .
The Federal Bureau of Prisons officials have been forcing inmates at USP Big Sandy to submit to random computerized tomographic whole body radioactive scanners .
If they refuse to submit to these radiation experiments , prison officials are charging them with disobeying a direct order and subjecting them to a wide range of sanctions , including but not limited to loss of good time credits , resulting in an extended time in prison , even if they agree to be subjected to an ordinary visual strip search as a reasonable alternative to radiation exposure from the whole body scanner .
These images are saved and viewed by male and female staff and available online to certain civilian populations .
Regulations at 28 CFR §§ 512.11 and 512.12 prohibit the government from using inmates for this type of experimentation and require them to give both the inmates and the public notice of their intent to use inmates as test subjects as well as all of the possible effects related to being subjected to any such experimentation – and then only on a voluntary basis .
See also Administrative Procedure Act , 5 U.S.C. § 551( 4 ) and 5 U.S.C. § 553 ( b ) -( d ) .
Federal regulations also prohibit the use of x-ray , MRI or similar devices on inmates for any reason other than legitimate medical purposes or only when there exists reasonable suspicion that the inmate has recently secreted contraband – and then only by a licensed practitioner in the manner set out in 28 CFR §§ 552.13 ( b ) ( 1 ) and 541.48 .
The government has been forcing prisoners , the majority of whom are Blacks and Hispanics , to be subject of these types of inhumane experiments for years .
They recall the Tuskegee experiments , where 400 Black men were allowed to suffer with syphilis for 40 years so that doctors could study the disease .
Also , Dr. Albert Kilgman , at Holmesburg Prison near Philadelphia , under the direction of major pharmaceutical companies like Merck and Dupont , exposed Black prisoners to herpes , gonorrhea , malaria , dysentery and even athlete ’s foot from the 1950s to the 1970s .
In 1952 over 300 Black inmates at an Ohio state prison were injected with live cancer cells so that doctors at the Sloan - Kettering Institute could study the effects .
In these cases the research subjects ’ rights were violated because either they were not told that they were participating in an experiment or the government knew the experiments had no therapeutic value , or both .
Other cases include Heinrich v. Sthemet , 62 F.Supp.2d 282( D.Mass . 1999 ) ( government utilized false pretenses to lure plaintiffs into participating in radiation experiments which the government knew had no therapeutic value ) ; Stadt v. Univ. of Rochester , 921 F.Supp. 1023 ( W.D.N.Y. 1996 ) ( plaintiff , who thought she was receiving medical treatment for scleroderma , was injected with plutonium without her knowledge or consent as part of a U.S. Army study ) ;
In re Cincinnati Radiation Litig. , 874 F.Supp. 796 ( S.D. Ohio 1995 ) ( plaintiffs were not informed that the radiation they were receiving from the Department of Defense was part of a military experiment rather than treatment of their cancer ) .
In Allen v. United States , 588 F.Supp. 247 , 399 ( D. Ut. 1984 ) , the court held that it is becoming established that shortening of life span is a general effect of whole body exposure to ionizing radiation .
Experiments have also shown a similar reduction may be caused by irradiation of substantial portions of the body from ingestion of radioactive materials .
In all of those cases , both the state and federal government had told the subjects that they experimented on that the radiation levels were harmless – only for the victims to learn later that they were in fact not harmless , but deadly !
It has also been reported that these whole body Rapiscan scanners have been malfunctioning .
They have caused electrical shocks as in the case of Carrie Milton v. Rapiscan , 2005 U.S. Dist .
Lexis 11574( E.D. La. ) .
An airport security screener was severely shocked and suffered permanent injury to her hand operating one of these Rapiscans .
Independent tests on Rapiscan devices have also shown that the EEPROM chips , which are used to calibrate the radiation levels of the whole body scanners , have repeatedly malfunctioned , resulting in greater radiation exposure than Rapiscan reports on its own websites .
Some prisoners have experienced blurriness of vision , headaches and groin pains after being subjected to these whole body radiation scans .
Many of these prisoners have been Rapiscanned up to three times in a single day , even though they never left the institution or had any contact with anyone outside the institution .
In the 1960s and ‘ 70s the Bureau of Prisons forced inmates – mostly Black and Hispanic prisoners – to submit to radiation exposure to their testes in order to study the effects .
See the case of Bibea v. Pacific Norththemst Research , 980 F. Supp. 349 ( D.Or. 1997 ) ; See also , Clay v. Martin , 509 F.2d 109 ( 2d. Cir. 1974 ) ( “ The court reversed the decision that dismissed … prisoner ’s complaint against defendants , federal government and prison officials , holding that it was against public policy to dismiss the complaint on pleading technicalities because the action involved experimentation on humans . ” )
Other experiments include testing psychotropic narcotics on inmates who have not been prescribed them just to see their effects , such as in the recent case of Walker v. Hastings , 2009 U.S. Dist .
Lexis 80924 , Case No. 09 -CV-074-ART ( E.D. KY ) .
Walker was diagnosed with H Pylori , a bacterium that can infect one ’s stomach or intestines , but was given Zyprexa , a psychotropic narcotic on at least nine different occasions by a prison pharmacist at USP Big Sandy seeking to test the effects of the medications for pharmaceutical companies .
If this is a legitimate security concern and not for the mere use of inmates as test subjects for private interests of companies like Rapiscan Corp. , then ask the Obama administration , Eric Holder and Department of Justice officials why are they threatening inmates and charging them with disciplinary infractions for disobeying unlawful orders to submit to these radiation experiments , even when they are willing to submit to an ordinary strip search ?
Update : Record long lockdown punishes cross-racial unity
The inmates have only refused to be exposed to harmful amounts of radiation and not to be the subject of a human radiation experiment , but they never disobeyed any lawful orders .
Yet on March 1 , the warden at USP Big Sandy imposed a lockdown that is expected to last at least two months .
The lockdown is clearly in retaliation against Black prisoners for exercising their First Amendment rights to petition the government for redress of grievances .
Since this prison has been open , no lockdown has lasted more than 21 days – not even when there were repeated back - to - back murders .
But when all the inmates have found common ground for unifying lawfully , the federal white overseers have deemed this to be a threat to the order , security and discipline of the institution .
This warden finds it a serious security threat when all of the different factions of inmates decide not to focus on killing one another but on coming together in peaceful , lawful challenges to tyrants ’ abuse of power in total , reckless disregard of our basic human rights and bodily integrity .
Even the skinheads , Aryan Brotherhood and American Born whites came to an agreement with Blacks not to be subject to these human radiation experiments .
To my knowledge , there were no threats of violence , there were no assaults and there were no mass demonstrations – just individuals refusing to be the government ’s test dummy for this Rapiscan x-ray product being illegally used on us in violation of the Code of Federal Regulations .
But if we had ganged up on an inmate , no such lockdown would ’ve occurred for more than a couple of days to a week .
Imagine that !
Send our brother some love and light .
Write to Eddie Milton Garey Jr. , 91876-020 , USP Big Sandy , P.O. Box 2068 , Inez KY 41224 .
This is something you do n’t want to see happen to your AV equipment during a live event .
This was new piece of equipment and it was 5 minutes before the Olympic short track speed skating event started .
A lot can be said about Sonny , it has a ton of things to offer , I mean it has a reasonable amount of length , and multiple characters to control .
The graphics are fairly sharp , and the sound effects fit right into the game environment .
However that are a few features that get me hung up on , and some areas that definitely could be improved .
Now , do n't get this game confused with the Mardek RPG style of game play .
It does n't make you walk around and discover things and have random encounters or any of that fun stuff .
Sonny is a much more straight forward game that relies more on combat , and thinking and planning .
However because this game does include a leveling system , multiple types of characters , and items to buy and sell it really does belong as an RPG .
The game begins with a few questions , whats your name and what type of zombie do you want to be ( yes you get to be a zombie ) .
It then puts you directly into combat fighting along side someone , but do n't worry this part of the game is very simple .
Actually the entire game is fairly easy , with only a few fights being difficult , but more on that later .
So as you finish the fight , lots of plot details unfold , you do n't seem to remember much and all you know is fighting .
Actually , the real game is in the plot , the actual game itself is fairly easy .
Essentially , you can chose between 4 main classes , each being based on a certain combat style .
I had chosen the assassin type , which basically just does absurdly high burst damage .
After each battle , you can find items , get gold , and earn experience .
Also , you are encouraged to pickup each and every item as these are used in the future either to sell or to give to other party members .
The game does a fairly good job at explaining how combat works , so I wo n't go to far in - depth .
Essentially , you have a combat bar that is in the form of a circle , and you add abilities to it prior to combat .
These abilities can have several different ways to be used but the most common cost is focus .
Focus normally starts at 100 , and is reduced with most abilities .
It does not have a natural regeneration rate during combat , but other abilities will boost it , and after combat it does get reset .
The game lets you do a lot of customization when it comes to your abilities , and what you want to do .
Each time you gain a level you get an ability point , as well as an attribute point .
These points are spent that will let you define how your character will function as well as unlock and give access to new techniques .
The game is played out in 4 zones , 3 of which make up the main game content , and a 4th that is open ended and meant only for the baring brave ... and those with to much time on their hands .
The first 3 are all basically the same , they are viewed on a screen and have 3 rotating .
.. circles or something .
Each circle allows access to either a practice fight for experience and gold , a story fight which advances the game , and the item store to shop around .
Zones are completed after enough story advancing encounters , however you will find yourself needing to do some of the training ones simply to gian some levels .
While this might seem like a time waste , it is n't .
Should you die , you will simply see a small sign , and restart from a previous save point .
Normally the auto save feature will take care of everything quite nicely .
However , despite that flaw , this game still manages to keep me entertained and have reply value .
It should n't take more than 30 minutes to get through the initial game , especially if you hit space and skip the plot details .
After that the value would be in trying another class , not in grinding in that 4th zone endlessly , that is just a giant waste of time .
Rating : Longevity : 3.0/5 Interface : 3.0/5 Addictiveness : 3.5/5Sound : 4.0/5 Simplicity : 3.5/5 Overall : 3.4/5
Lego biped robots are a dime a dozen , even while some look pretty sweet .
This one is special :
It 's the first walking Lego robot .
And , unlike your usual feet - dragging toy robots , it actually walks by raising its feet .
Advertisement
Click to view
This is definitely not easy to do with Lego or any other material .
Maybe this guy should start thinking about building a Big Dog .
[ Flickr via Brothers Brick ]
Seattle Municipal Archives dropped this 1945 shot of the intersection of Bellevue and Olive into the CHS Flickr pool : note that the Westinghouse X-ray Building on the left is now The Saint .
The ad for Columbia
Ale appears to be for an ale produced by Tacoma - based Columbia Brewing Company .
In 1941 , the brewery introduced Columbia Ale : “ Brewmaster Birkmaier developed the ale , which was a top fermenting beer , and a first for the brewery .
The old English style
Ale immediately gained a following and remained a popular seller for 17 years . ”
Share this :
Tweet
Print
Email
By : Theo Schlossnagle 23 Mar ' 10
Cloud computing is n't new , though I 'm sure you 've heard more about it in the last few months than you did previously .
The cloud is an amazing thing , but one that is poorly understood .
I believe this lack of understanding stems from technology confusion which is trumpeted by corporations that have identified " the cloud " as a medium for expansion and profit .
Do n't get me wrong , the cloud is useful — but I hear some of the dumbest reasons why .
Before I launch my rant , I 'll qualify that SaaS existed before " the cloud , " yet in many defintions ( like the link above ) it is considered a cloud service .
I consider the cloud to be only the infrastructure because the software and the platform has been provided by a third - party successfully before the term " cloud " arrived .
It is n't fair to legitimize your concept by repackaging two successfully proven technologies under your brand .
The Cloud
The cloud ... what is it ?
A cloud is an infrastructure in which I can provision computing systems .
What makes this different from a rack of servers ?
Very little , actually .
The most important difference is that provisioning of these systems is made convenient .
When a system is needed , the requester can programmatically start a new one and needs not be concerned with network infrastructure , machine specifications , power , cooling , etc .
The cloud is built by someone who cares about all of those things , but then it is packaged in an easily consumable fashion .
How does this happen ?
Well , this is where people get confused .
Virtualization
This simple provisioning is empowered by some sort of virtualization technology like Xen ( likely one of the commercial implementations ) , VMWare , Solaris Containers ( Zones ) , Virtuozzo / OpenVZ , etc .
Why is this confusing ?
Beats me , but I see people listing the advantages of virtualization as advantages of the cloud .
As with most technologies , you inherit the advantages of your foundation .
Virtualization brings a lot to the table , but you do n't need " the cloud " to get it .
Period .
The concept of private and public clouds is also poorly defined .
Some people hate the two terms , while others define them in useless ways .
I 'll define them in a very practical way in which the differences have deep business meaning .
Public Clouds
The public cloud is Amazon 's EC2 and other similar " cloud providers " where the owner of the underlying physical infrastructure and the owner of the services running on the provisioned systems are not the same .
In this environment , your services run on someone else 's equipment .
What does this mean ?
If they do n't pay their bills , the equipment can be seized .
Other companies may be running virtual environments on the same hardware , same disks , same network .
This means bugs in virtualization and data isolation could result in information disclosure — the really bad kind .
At this point in time , I can't envision a way to make public cloud infrastructure PCI - DSS compliant — and even if you could , I believe it increases the possibility of compromise .
No virtualization is perfect ( yet ) in resource provisioning .
This means that defining a reliable performance expectation for a node in the cloud can be very challenging .
It 's not all negative though .
Because public clouds are popular , they tend to have ample resources , which means more room for growth , and a provisioning request is " less likely " to result in an message that says " better luck next time , I 'm flat out of horses . "
Private Clouds
Private clouds are not shared .
A private cloud is deployed by an organization that wants the benefits of a cloud , but wants the processes and premise controls over the infrastructure that powers it .
The key differences between a private cloud and public one are control and size .
In a private cloud , you have fine - grained control over geographic location .
This can be important for meeting data availability and / or redundancy guarantees made to clients .
It can also be useful for ensuring that at least part of your infrastructure is in a country whose laws more closely align with your business needs .
There are clearly enormous advantages in the private cloud , in that data security exists and the design and operation of the private cloud can be congruent with business requirements providing more aligned availability and consistent performance .
The downside is that it is likely to have more limited resources — provisioning 1000 new instances is far more likely to result in a failure due to insufficient resources .
So how big is big ?
In my experience , when you hit a run rate of 40 instances , build yourself a private cloud .
That 's the point at which it becomes undeniably cheaper .
Resources
One distinct and measurable difference between how private and public clouds can be run is seen in the choice of virtualization technology .
Public clouds , by their nature , must isolate resources between customers as extensively as possible to achieve acceptable quality of service .
There is no trust or cooperation between virtualized customers .
No virtualization technology does this perfectly , but some do a better job than others .
Xen-based , and VMware - like solutions are some of the more capable in this arena .
Because both implementations run completely separate operating system environments from a hypervisor , they tend to segregate the guests more thoroughly by sharing less resources .
This is good for guests , but bad for resource utilization .
If I need as much as 16GB of RAM for my instance and I 'd like to run 8 of them , that means I need 128 GB of RAM in my host machine — that 's an expensive box .
On the other hand , if I need very little RAM ( say 256MB on average of which 128MB is kernel and OS related processes ) the hypervised virtualization becomes quite bulky .
On the other side of the virtualization field are technologies like OpenVZ and Solaris Containers ( a.k.a. Zones ) .
These technologies share a kernel ( and usually a filesystem buffer cache ) across guests .
CPU resources can be sliced up , but memory ( as it is shared ) is a challenge to dedicate cleanly to individual guests .
While this is clearly a bad ( or at least challenging ) thing for public cloud providers , it is often completely acceptable for private cloud needs .
The advantage of this " lightweight " virtualization is that you can pack more guests onto a single host .
We regularly run 40 Solaris Zones on a single commodity server without issue .
It is particularly useful for applications that are low - powered , but in need of multiple instances to meet their availability commitments .
Burning the Straw Man
Now that we know what clouds are , what 's the problem ?
The hype .
The hype is the problem .
With hype come straw man arguments that delay or hold back the healthy evolution and incorporation of this technological paradigm .
Argument 1
I need the cloud .
In the cloud , if I need to deploy 50 machines , I can just do it .
Without the cloud , I have to buy servers and wait weeks for install and spend hours installing them .
Deploying 50 new instances in a cloud is easier than 50 new physical machines .
But just because you can , does n't mean you should .
If it takes hours to install new machines , then you are doing your job wrong .
If it takes weeks to get your machines , then you are using the wrong vendor .
And most importantly if you suddenly realize that you need 50 new machines , then you simply did n't do your job well .
The cloud is not an excuse to avoid a business model .
A business model includes a budget and a solid , implementable plan for growth based on thorough capacity planning .
With that , you should see it coming .
There are two reasons I hear when people justify the need to deploy a large number of new machines , and both arguments fall apart when you take a closer look .
Argument 1a
Holy cow !
Look at that traffic !
I need fifty new instances .
Now !
I know a bit about sudden traffic spikes .
If you need 50 machines suddenly to handle a traffic spike , then , in all likelihood , you have built something wrong and no amount of provisioning will help .
I 've had the privilege of working with some of the largest sites on the planet .
I 've seen traffic spikes of 10000 % happen inside 30 seconds , but then again I 've also seen more than a gigabit of production traffic served to the masses off two $ 3 k USD boxes .
If you are in that situation , you need a plan — and it likely should n't include " Oh shit !
Bring 50 more instances online ! "
If you are providing a service that is unavoidably computationally intensive , you actually have a solid argument .
This is rare and I 'll touch on that later .
Argument 1 b
I have a lot of developers and they each need their own instance quickly and easily .
This is actually an awesome argument for the cloud .
However , since these are development instances , they do n't consume resources in the same way that production instances do .
We give out instances like candy at OmniTI and typically can sustain about 40 instances on a single $ 3 k USD box using lightweight virtualization .
CapEx and OpEx on that are basically non-existent compared to an EC2 bill for the same .
As you can see , this is an argument for virtualization , not the cloud .
Argument 2
I want to use the cloud because that way I do n't have to worry about networking and hardware management .
Network management has to happen .
Hardware management has to happen .
You pay for it one way or you pay for it another .
I 've heard people say that it takes countless hours per month to run 40 systems including servers , switching equipment , routing , firewalls , etc .
We manage around 1000 servers at OmniTI and from our immaculately maintained time tracking system I can tell you that less than 35 hours per month are spent on hardware provisioning , systems installation and concerns of space / power / cooling .
That comes out to about 2 minutes per machine per month .
Furthermore , I do n't have any reason to believe that a cloud provider can do a significantly better job .
So , if so little time is spent on hardware and infrastructure management , why does OmniTI have a busy ops team ?
Because we 're doing all the other stuff .
Configuring software , performance tuning , and monitoring systems ; monitoring systems to an egregious and offensive level .
I 'm not speaking of CPU temperature and disk failures ( everyone monitors those ) .
I 'm talking about realized I/ O ops per spindle , network packets per interface , HTTP response times , SSH keys , ICMP response latency , DNS , database health , application - level correctness and , most importantly , business level metrics .
If you find this intimidating , look at Circonus as an enablement platform .
If you like the cloud and / or SaaS , you 'll love this service .
The operations team is the one place with access to data and traffic that is " real - time enough " to detect business issues before they manifest in significant monetary loss .
Traffic anomalies , chargeback rates , visitor retention ... all these translate into money .
This is what ops does ; they make things work ; they make the business work .
And they spend a lot more time trending , investigating and analyzing than they do replacing hard drives and network cards .
Argument 3
I can provision quickly in the cloud .
Yes .
Yes you can .
This is due to virtualization , not the cloud .
Download a virtualization technology and provision quickly outside the cloud .
I suppose that if my OS natively supports Virtualization ( like all modern OSs do ) , and my operations team leverages that to deploy new instances quickly and easily , then we 've created a cloud whether we like it or not .
Damn terminology .
While it is now called a " private cloud , " I tend to just call it infrastructure operations .
Argument 4
Operating in the cloud makes your environment more resilient because you have to accommodate unexpected failures .
What ?
This has to be the most back - assward statement I 've heard on cloud computing .
Eagerly adopting an environment with a higher failure rate because it forces you to be a better engineer ?
Well , that 's not an engineer I 'd hire .
Good engineers have always known that things can fail and have always had to design to accommodate that truth — incessant reinforcement by some public cloud providers is unwelcome and unneeded in this case .
Assuming a well engineered system ( which should be an expected outcome of any engineering group ) the goal should always be to minimize the likelihood of failure within budget .
What the Cloud Lacks
In addition to dismantling poorly constructed arguments for the cloud , I thought I 'd detail some of the things I find completely missing in the cloud .
Generalization is the root of all evil when it comes to performance .
Just because you know how to use MySQL or PostgreSQL does n't mean it is the right tool for every data storage need .
People have learned this lesson fairly well .
In cloud infrastructures , there is a goal to make systems alike to improve price points for capital expenditure , reduce operation expenditure ( slightly ) by learning one type of system well , and make the provisioning system simplistic .
This leads to the abomination that is " small , " " large , " and " huge " instance sizes at some cloud providers .
As an engineer , when I have to build a system for a purpose I specify as much as possible .
AMD vs. Intel vs. Sparc ?
How many gigs of RAM ?
What speed should the the RAM be ?
How much storage do I need ?
How many I/O operations per second are required ?
Should I use SSDs ?
How many networks must the system be on ?
Should we be using link aggregation or not ?
VLANs ?
No VLANs ?
These are all important things .
If you need these things sometimes and everything has to be the same , then you get these things all the time — paying for it when you do n't need it .
It is a reality that when systems are specified , compromises are made due to vendor relationships and part availability .
However , the requirements that drive these specifications still exist and are at the root of the decisions : for instance I need 16GB of non disk - buffer memory for working sets and 10,000 I/O operations per second .
That simply does n't translate to three cookie - cutter sizes .
Data is a big issue .
There are a lot of companies out there working on solving the data security issues that exist in public clouds — let 's assume for a second that this is no longer an issue .
A follow - on issue is that the cloud is " out there " and the only way to get data into and out of it is via the drinking - straw that is its uplink .
Drinking - straw you ask ?
Yes .
The internet is , even today , not as fast as a tractor - trailer full of tapes .
If I have 10 TB of data ( which is extremely reasonable for any business intelligence system these days ) , how do I back it up ?
I need a copy of that data off - site and secure .
We have some creative solutions around this using ZFS , but still — I am contractually obligated to have my tapes ( or some other off - site and off - line storage medium ) .
Private clouds do not have this issue .
Scaling Out or Scaling Up
So many people talk about scaling out .
Scaling out .
Scaling out .
Scaling out .
Scaling out is an excellent approach to tackling requirements that cannot be easily accomplished on today 's hardware .
Not everything needs to be scaled out .
I hear people say " I 'm going to have millions of records , I need to make sure my design can operate on many machines . "
Millions ?
You 're going to go through the effort of tackling distributed systems problems for a million rows ?
You have priority issues .
A single machine ( with failover ) is enough to do most jobs .
People lose sight of this too often .
Making things redundant ( hot failover ) is a lot easier than making them actively distributed .
So , if you can get away with scaling something vertically , do it .
There are many cases where the growth of a specific system component simply outpaces the availability of reasonably priced hardware to scale it vertically .
In these cases , you should make your problems smaller .
( You'd be surprised what can be accomplished over beers with an expert in the field ) .
If that fails , then you roll up your sleeves and design your system to scale horizontally .
Very few systems require horizontal scalability from soup to nuts .
Where It Works
I said before that if you need to spin up 50 instances you clearly did n't do a good job planning .
I 'll recant that and better qualify where that is acceptable .
That is acceptable when that is your well thought - out plan .
When would you need to spin up 50 new instances ?
Let 's say you need to transcode a ton of video , let 's say you need to sequence some DNA , let 's say you need to use a lot of computational resources for a brief period of time and that is essential to your business model .
This is where the cloud shines like a super - star .
For computationally intensive tasks that are irregular , the idea of batching work into a cloud of compute nodes is an excellent one .
Here , the advantages are clear .
Given that each job can really gobble up CPU resources , you can't leverage the consolidation that virtualization offers .
At this point , the disadvantages are purely the outcome of an equation of economics .
How much does a CPU - second cost and how much does it cost me to move the input for my job into the cloud and extract the output from the cloud : instance costs and bandwidth costs .
The Honest Truth
While it may appear that I hate the cloud , it simply is n't so .
I hate the half - baked arguments for it .
I hate the hype .
It is a perfectly legitimate tool in the already large arsenal of engineering tools .
Use the cloud where it makes sense , but please stop bludgeoning me with the hype .
Our senior partner brings more than 25 years of trial experience to your case .
When you hire us , you will work directly with an experienced , knowledgeable lawyer who understands the importance of responding quickly and accurately to your concerns .
We never forget what you need from your lawyer : responsive , effective representation with a focus on results .
Our firm represents plaintiffs , corporations and insurance companies in personal injury litigation and business litigation .
Since we opened our doors in 1994 , we have successfully represented clients in more than one thousand insurance and other cases involving litigation throughout Massachusetts .
Intermediate experience required .
Throw measures approximately 48 " x 65 ½ ” .
Red Heart® Super Saver® , 100 % acrylic , Art. E300 ( 8 ounce solid and 6 ounce multicolor skeins ) : 21 Ounces No. 372 Rose Pink CA and 17 ounces No. 316 Soft White CB .
Crochet Hooks : 5.5 mm [ US I - 9 ] and 5 mm [ US H - 8 ] .
Yarn needle .
GAUGE : 21 sts = 7 ” ; 14 rows = 8 ½ ” in dc with larger hook .
CHECK YOUR GAUGE .
Use any size hook to obtain the gauge .
PANEL : With larger hook and CA , ch 23 .
Row 1 ( Right Side ) : dc in 4th ch from hook and in each ch across ; turn - 21 sts .
Row 2 : Ch 3 , skip first dc , dc in next dc and in each dc across , dc in top of ch - 3 ; turn .
Row 3 : Ch 3 , dc in next 7 dc ; [ yo , draw up a lp in next st , yo , draw through 2 lps ] 3 times , yo , draw through all 4 lps on hook - dc3tog made ; ch 3 , dc3tog working first dc in same st as last dc of last dc3tog , dc in last 8 sts ; turn .
Row 4 : Ch 3 , dc in next 6 dc ; [ yo , draw up a lp in next st , yo , draw through 2 lps on hook ] twice , yo , draw through all 3 lps on hook - dec made ; ch 5 , dec , dc in last 7 sts ; turn .
Row 5 : Ch 3 , dc in next 5 dc , dec , ch 3 , working over the ch - 5 , 3 dc in 2nd ch of ch - 3 two rows below , ch 3 , dec , dc in last 6 sts ; turn .
Row 6 : Ch 3 , dc in next 4 dc , dec , ch 3 ; 2 dc in next dc - inc made ; dc in next dc , inc , ch 3 , dec , dc in last 5 sts ; turn .
Row 7 : Ch 3 , dc in next 3 dc , dec , ch 3 , inc , dc in next 3 dc , inc , ch 3 , dec , dc in last 4 sts ; turn .
Row 8 : Ch 3 , dc in next 2 dc , dec , ch 3 , inc , dc in next 5 dc , inc , ch 3 , dec , dc in last 3 sts ; turn .
Row 9 : Ch 3 , dc in next dc , dec , ch 3 , dc in next 3 dc , dec , ch 4 , dec working first dc in same st as last dc of last dec , dc in next 3 dc , ch 3 , dec , dc in last 2 sts ; turn .
Row 10 : Ch 3 , dc in next 2 dc , ch 3 , dc in next 4 dc , ch 4 , sc in lp , ch 4 , dc in next 4 dc , ch 3 , dc in last 3 sts ; turn .
Row 11 : Ch 3 , dc in next dc , inc , ch 3 ; [ draw up a lp in next dc ] 4 times , yo , draw through all 5 lps on hook - 4sctog made ; ch 4 , sc in next lp , hdc in sc , sc in next lp , ch 4 , 4sctog , ch 3 , inc , dc in last 2 sts ; turn .
Row 12 : Ch 3 , dc in next 2 dc , inc , ch 2 , 2 sc in next lp , sc in next 3 sts , 2 sc in next lp , ch 2 , inc , dc in last 3 sts ; turn .
Row 13 : Ch 3 , dc in next 4 dc , dc in each of next 2 ch , dc in next 7 sts , dc in each of next 2 ch , dc in last 5 sts ; turn - 21 sts .
Rows 14 and 15 : Rep Row 2 .
Rep Rows 2-15 6 more times ; with right side still facing , ch 1 , work 201 sc down long edge .
Fasten off .
With right side facing , attach yarn and work 201 sc across rem long edge .
Fasten off .
Wide Border - Row l : With right side facing and smaller hook , attach CB in first sc at lower right edge ; ch 1 , sc in each sc across ; turn .
Row 2 : Ch 5 , skip first 2 sc , sc in next sc , * ch 5 , skip 3 sc , sc in next sc ; rep from * to last 2 sc ; ch 2 , dc in last sc ; turn .
Row 3 : Ch 1 , sc in dc , * ch 5 , sc in ch - 5 lp ; rep from * across , working last sc in 3rd ch of ch - 5 ; turn .
Row 4 : Ch 5 , sc in ch - 5 lp , * 3 dc in next sc , sc in next lp ** , ch 5 , sc in next lp ; rep from * to last sc , end at ** ; ch 2 , dc in last sc ; turn .
Row 5 : Ch 1 , sc in dc , * 3 dc in next sc , skip next dc , sc in next dc , 3 dc in next sc , sc in next lp ; rep from * across , end as Row 3 .
Row 6 : Ch 5 , skip next dc , * sc in next dc , 3 dc in next sc , skip next dc , sc in next dc ** , ch 5 , skip next 3 sts ; rep from * to last 2 sts , end at ** ; ch 2 , skip next dc , dc in last sc ; turn .
Row 7 : Ch 1 , sc in dc , * ch 5 , skip next dc , sc in next dc , ch 5 , sc in next lp ; rep from * across , end as Row 3 .
Row 8 : Ch 4 , sc in lp , * ch 3 , sc in lp ; rep from * to last sc ; ch 1 , dc in last sc ; turn .
Row 9 : Ch 1 , sc in dc , sc in ch-l sp , sc in sc , * 3 sc in ch - 3 sp , sc in sc ; rep from * to last sp ; sc in next sp , sc in 3rd ch of ch - 4 .
Fasten off .
Narrow Border :
With right side facing , rep Rows 1 - 5 only on opposite side of panel .
LEFT PANEL : Work same as Right Panel , reversing placement of Wide and Narrow Borders .
CENTER PANELS ( Make 2 ) : Work same as Right Panel EXCEPT work Narrow Border on each side of both panels .
FINISHING : Sew panels together .
Lower Edging :
With right side facing and larger hook , attach CB in corner ; ch 1 , 13 sc across border , [ 23 sc across panel , 14 sc across border ] 4 times ; turn - 161 sc. Work Wide Border Rows 2 - 4 , then Rows 7 - 9 .
Fasten off .
Rep Edging on upper edge .
Attach CB and work 9 sc across each side of Upper and Lower Edgings .
Weave in ends .
ABBREVIATIONS : CA , CB = Color A , Color B ; ch = chain ; dc = double crochet ; hdc = half double crochet ; lp = loop ; mm = millimeters ; rem = remain ( ing ) ; rep = repeat ; sc = single crochet ; sl = slip ; sp = space ; st (s ) = stitch ( es ) ; yo = yarn over ; * or ** = repeat whatever follows the * or ** as indicated ; [ ] = work directions given in brackets the number of times specified .
Designed by Marilyn Coleman .
Pattern © by Coats & Clark Inc. Reproduced with permission from Coats & Clark Inc. PurpleKittyYarns.com is not endorsed by Coats & Clark Inc .
It is not permissible to contract production of projects made from designs published by Coats & Clark to a third party for sale or distribution .
Other free crochet afghan patterns :
Crochet Afghan Patterns
Afghan Patterns
Baby Blanket Patterns
OPINION : Is it sensible for Irish aid to be given to countries whose populations continue to rise in reckless fashion ?
ONE OF the more controversial issues in the discussion about Government cutbacks is overseas development aid .
Ireland promised to increase spending for the developing world , but is now faced with the need to cut back on its commitments .
The reduction has drawn a predictable response , from those who ask why such aid should be immune from cutbacks , especially if other sensitive areas are being cut , and from those who say that it is abandoning help to “ the poorest of the poor ” especially in Africa .
There is merit in both cases , but what is interesting is how limited is the debate about the direction or methodology of overseas aid .
For example , one of the big questions now is about the effect of such aid given the rapid and reckless population increases in these African areas .
How can we be surprised , for example , that Ethiopia , which is a major destination for Irish aid , is suffering from continuous famine when its population is increasing by millions every year ?
Ethiopia ’s population is now expected to go from its present 78 million to an incredible 170 million by 2050 , or even sooner .
This is an extraordinary rise , given the apparently miserable condition of the country .
And it is the same with other African countries , notably the Congo , which is undergoing a similar massive increase in population .
Few in the aid lobby seem to wish to address this .
Why is this ?
Perhaps to address this awkward fact , aid agencies would have to question their whole methodology and philosophy .
Instead , what we usually get is the same unchanging mantra about “ curing ” world poverty , and the need for us to continue aiding Africa , and somehow help it to develop up to first world standards – when in fact we are possibly doing the very opposite .
And all of this is not even to mention what such “ growth ” will do to the global environment .
In fairness , the overpopulation issue is a difficult one for the aid agencies to deal with , and Justin Kilcullen of Trócaire makes the following points : “ One of the key factors in controlling population growth is women ’s education .
Economic and social development is required to eliminate poverty and inequality .
The education of girls and women offers enormous possibilities for both .
Trócaire works throughout the developing world to help people overcome poverty , to learn about their rights and to start holding their governments to account for the programmes and policies that affect their citizens .
We support women ’s access to and control of resources such as land , while our good governance work supports women ’s participation and involvement in decision - making and leadership . ”
“ Experts are agreed , ” continues Kilcullen , “ that women ’s education is crucial to overcoming poverty and to reducing high birth rates in developing countries .
The International Union for the Scientific Study of Population ’s Panel on Population Growth and Human Welfare in Africa found that education is the most important factor in determining the number of children a woman will have over her lifetime .
Getting children into school and keeping them there can prevent early marriage and give them far greater opportunities in later life . ”
So the key factor here is education , but it appears that with the improvement in education and prosperity in these areas , the population continues to rise – at a huge rate .
More heartening is the line about “ holding governments to account ” , but again one assumes that the likes of Trócaire ca n’t do this – it would smack of neo-colonial interference .
Instead , it has to be a country ’s own citizens who do so .
But this is most unlikely to happen , and would fall on deaf ears .
So Kilcullen ’s response does n’t hold out much hope .
At least it is a more considered approach than the line we have been getting elsewhere – that by cutting aid we are directly endangering the lives of those in the developing world .
The most literal example of this is ( no surprise here ) Vincent Browne , who tried not long ago to equate the drop directly with actual lives lost , as if such a crude arithmetic could ever be applied .
On his TV3 programme he asked Kilcullen exactly how many lives he thought were lost because of the cuts in Irish aid , but Kilcullen was naturally reluctant to be drawn into this type of discussion .
But the other question he could ask is , is it right that millions of children , in increasing numbers , are being so blithely brought into a world of such suffering ?
Is it right to tolerate such reckless population increases when the world ’s resources and environment are in such peril ?
After all , countries such as China try to prevent disastrous over - population , admittedly by fairly repressive means such as limiting families to one child .
The fact is that despite cuts , Ireland ranks as the sixth largest donor in the world in per capita terms and has been praised by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development as a “ champion ” at making aid more effective .
In 2008 , Irish Aid supported “ 13 million Ethiopians at risk of hunger , and supplied fertilisers and seeds to more than 1.5 million families in Malawi to allow them to escape from hunger and poverty ” .
This shows our continuing commitment , but it would be interesting to ask what is the real effect of this when the population of Ethiopia , for example , is so rampantly and recklessly growing .
What is the real effect when millions more are being brought into a world of hunger and disease , with seemingly little thought about their future , except that the West will probably foot the bill ?
This would be the real question to ask .
Eamon Delaney is a writer and former Irish diplomat
Obama 's Fox News interview marked by interruptions , focus on ' special deals '
Your Browser DoesNot Support IFrames .
Updated 7:05 p.m.
By Michael D. Shear
President Obama 's interview Wednesday on Fox News Channel was a testy affair in which Obama repeatedly appeared exasperated at being interrupted and frustrated with the focus on legislative process rather than the substance of his health care proposals .
Prodded repeatedly by interviewer Bret Baier to discuss the parliamentary procedures that House Democrats are using to pass his legislation , Obama scolded Baier at several points , telling him , " Bret , let me finish . "
At one point near the end of the interview , Obama shook his head and turned away when Baier cut in .
Later , Baier apologized for interrupting him , getting a smile and a firm handshake in response .
At another point , Baier accused Obama of fillibustering through the interview , to which Obama said : " Well , I 'm trying to answer your question and you keep on interrupting . "
Baier had blogged before the rare interview with FNC that the White House had put no restrictions on the topics that could be asked , but had said that Obama wanted to discuss health care .
The interview took place in the Blue Room , and later the two walked through Cross Hall in the residence .
Obama refused to give ground to criticism of his health - care efforts , calling the legislation " the right thing to do . "
And he predicted that he and his allies will be vindicated once the bill is passed and it begins having an impact on people 's lives .
" The reason that it needs to be done is not its effect on the presidency .
It has to do with how it 's going to affect ordinary people who right now are desperately in need of help , " he said .
Baier focused several of his questions on what he called " special deals " in the legislation , and he quizzed Obama about whether he knew if any remained in the legislation that lawmakers will vote on .
Obama discussed several , including defending a provision that would provide extra money to Louisiana because of challenges caused by Hurricane Katrina .
The president also responded to Baier 's questions by insisting that the bill would soon be posted online for all to see .
But the president appeared uncertain when Baier asked him about special deals for Connecticut and Montana .
" Connecticut -- what are you specifically referring to ? " Obama asked .
Obama also said that procedural maneuvers involving his health - care bill will not shield Democrats from those who want to criticize their stance on the issue .
" If people vote yes , whatever form that takes , that is going to be a vote for health - care reform , " the president told Baier .
" And I do n't think we should pretend otherwise .
And if they do n't , if they vote against it , then they 're going to be voting against health - care reform and they 're going to be voting in favor of the status quo . "
Obama criticized Washington for getting " very concerned " with procedures in Congress , and said he tries to ignore all of that .
" I do n't spend a lot of time worrying about what the procedural rules are in the House or Senate , " he said .
" What I can tell you is that the vote that 's taken in the House will be a vote for health - care reform . "
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has been criticized this week for saying that she favored a parliamentary maneuver that would allow House members to make a final decision on broad health - care changes without voting directly on a health - care bill .
The tactic , known as a " self - executing rule " or as a " deem and pass , " has been used with increasing frequency in recent years by Democrats and Republicans alike , usually earlier in the legislative process .
After the sit - down portion of the interview , Baier asked Obama about Israel and Iran .
Obama said that the recent spat with Israel over the construction of settlements was a disagreement " among friends . "
And he said keeping nuclear weapons out of the hands of the Iranians was one of his highest priorities .
Baier also asked the president about Tiger Woods .
Obama said that the golfer had " acknowledged that he betrayed his family and that 's a personal issue that he 's got to work out . "
Obama said he expected Woods to be as good a golfer as ever .
Fox , which has been highly critical of Obama , provided Arizona Sen.
John McCain ( R ) , the president 's former rival , an opportunity to offer his criticisms before Obama 's interview was broadcast .
Speaking to Fox News ' Neil Cavuto , McCain said Obama was underestimating the extent to which Americans dislike the process by which Democrats have moved the legislation through Congress .
" The sleazy deals , the Louisiana Purchase , Cornhusker kickback .
the PhRMA deal , " McCain said .
" The sleaze that Chicago - style sausage - making going on in the formation of this bill . "
Room for improvement :
How much space and storage is on offer in homes across the country ?
When it comes to our homes , having the right amount of space allows us to create comfortable and practical living areas , but not all homes are made ...
For years , man has been trying to build a jetpack which would actually be safe and cheap enough to be used by anyone other than Lee Majors on the title sequence of The Fall Guy .
It turns out that we 've been doing it wrong .
Instead of starting with a pack and adding on the jet , we should have torn the giant engines from a plane and strapped them to some poor schmuck .
This is what the New Zealand Martin Aircraft Company did , resulting in the Martin Jetpack .
The jetpack is made from carbon fiber , with a touch of kevlar in the rotors , and generates 600 pounds of thrust .
Because the center of gravity is below the " center of thrust " ( a notional point between the engines ) , it is self - righting :
If the pilot lets go of the controls , he hovers steadily in one spot .
Unlike other sci- fi vehicles , the jetpack does n't require plutonium or even garbage for power .
Instead , it runs on ordinary gasoline , chugging down around 10 gallons per hour ( a full tank of five gallons will give you half an hour of flight time , enough to get you to the office ) .
Martin's jetpack is classed as an ultralight aircraft , so you do n't need a pilot 's license fly it .
Martin will force buyers to undergo training first , though .
As its FAQ so rightly points out : " to attempt to fly any aircraft without professional instruction is extremely foolhardy . "
There are some safety features , though .
If the engine dies , a parachute pops out like an airbag in a car , so the only thing you need worry about is crashing into passing planes .
Want one ?
Of course you do .
Right now you 're looking at a 12 - month wait , and you 'll have to pay 10 percent upfront , but at just shy of $ 90,000 – the same as a fancy sports car – it's actually a pretty good deal .
And just imagine landing this thing on the forecourt of the local gas station .
The Martin Jetpack [ Martin ]
The Future Is Here : Jetpacks Now Commercially Available [ Wired : Geek Dad ]
I personally buy from Ritz , Adorama and Amazon .
I can't vouch for any other ads .
Nikon 28 - 80 mm f/3.3-5.6G
© 2007 KenRockwell.com
Nikon AF Nikkor 28 - 80 mm f/3.3-5.6G .
These are discontinued , but since Nikon made over a million of these they ought not be hard to find .
You probably can find them at Adorama and maybe at Amazon in silver and in black .
When they were new , you could have gotten them here .
It helps me keep adding to this site when you get yours from those links , too .
January 2008 More Nikon Reviews
INTRODUCTION
Top Specs Performance Recommendations
The Nikon 28 - 80 mm G is a dinky 7 - ounce ( 190g ) plastic zoom with incredibly good performance .
It works ridiculously well , especially on my Nikon D3 .
Incredible means unbelievable .
The performance of this lens is so good that no one will believe it possibly can come from a lens this cheap .
The Nikon 28 - 80 mm G was sold as a kit lens with Nikon 's cheapest film cameras .
It was introduced in February 2001 and I suspect it was discontinued in January 2006 along with most of Nikon 's film cameras .
The Nikkor 28 - 80 mm G is one of Nikon 's most popular lenses of all time .
Nikon made over a million and a half of these , so you will find them everywhere .
Mine came attached to an N55 .
Identification : Nikon has made many lenses with similar focal length ranges .
You can uniquely identify this one by the unusual maximum aperture of f/3.3 instead of the more common f/3.5 , and also by its lack of an aperture ring .
( The earlier Nikon 28 - 80 mm AF - D with the aperture ring is also an unusually good performer . )
Compatibility : The Nikon 28 - 80 mm
G works great on just about every AF and digital Nikon camera , including the D3 .
The only likely gotcha is that it wo n't autofocus on the D40 and D40x .
See Nikon Lens Compatibility . for details for your camera .
This is an AF ( screw ) and a G lens .
SPECIFICATIONS
Top Introduction Performance Recommendations
Focal Length : 28 - 80 mm .
Used on a DX camera it gives angles of view similar to what a 43 - 122 mm lens would give on an FX or 35 mm film camera .
See also Crop Factor .
Maximum Aperture : f/3.3 - f/5.6 .
See also Maximum Aperture vs. Focal Length .
Optics : 6 elements in 6 groups .
The front element is a compound aspherical .
This means Nikon glues a thin plastic corrector over another spherical glass element , giving the performance of an aspherical lens at a low price .
It has Nikon 's super integrated multicoating like most Nikkor lenses .
Diaphragm : Rounded 7 - blade , which really works well .
The aperture is very round at most larger apertures .
It stops down to f/22-38 .
Close Focus : 1.15 ' ( 14 " or 0.35 m ) , which is very close .
Maximum Reproduction Ratio : 1:3.5 , which is very close .
Filter Thread : 58 mm , plastic , rotates with focus .
Hood : HB - 20 bayonet ( optional ) .
Size : 2.606 " diameter by 2.520 " extension from flange ( 66.21 x 64.00 mm ) , measured set to 50 mm and focused at infinity .
The front group extends when zoomed or focused more closely to a maximum extension of 3.230 " ( 82.03 mm ) at 80 mm and the closest focus distance .
It is almost as long set to 28 mm ; it 's shortest at 50 mm .
Weight : 6.850oz. ( 194.1g ) , measured .
This is almost nothing !
Made in : Thailand .
Nikon Stock Number : 1926 ( silver ) , 1927 ( black ) .
Production : Introduced 2001 , discontinued 2006 .
Production run : about 1.7 million , one of Nikon 's most popular lenses ever .
Since they are a silly zoom range for DX digital cameras , you ought to be able to find these everywhere , cheap .
PERFORMANCE
Top Introduction Specs Recommendations
This dinky little lens performs so well that it 's simply amazing .
Use one of these Nikon Nikkor 28 - 80 mm lenses and you 'll see why I never bother with other brands of lenses .
When you use a cheap lens like this and see how well it works , it really goes to show me that Nikon has learned many secrets in making lenses since 1937 that they 're not sharing with anyone else .
The key is the compound aspherical element , which is a manufacturing trick that lets Nikon exceed the performance of earlier and more expensive lenses while keeping the price almost free .
Focusing
AF Speed
Fast !
One full turn of the AF screw pulls focus from infinity down to 3 feet .
AF Ease
The Nikon 28 - 80 mm G just works .
It focuses fast and super close , so it never gets in the way of a great photo .
I wish all my lenses worked this well .
Macro
Complete image from Nikon D200 ( DX ) at 80 mm and closest focus distance .
Unsharpened crop from above 10 MP D200 image at 100 % .
This is excellent .
Not only is it very close , but it 's also very sharp .
This is from a DX camera , it wo n't be quite as close on a film or FX camera ( see Crop Factor ) .
Sharpness
It 's sharp !
On my D200 DX digital camera , it 's very sharp , even in the far corners of the small sensor .
It 's embarrassingly much more sharp than many of my far more expensive and exotic fixed ultra - wide lenses on a D200 .
It 's very sharp at every setting from edge to edge on a 10 MP D200 viewed at 100 % .
The contrast falls just a little bit in the corners wide open , but clears right up stopped down one stop .
This is also exceptional performance .
It 's also very sharp on print film .
I have not yet tried it on Fuji Velvia 50 .
It works very , very well on the Nikon D3 FX digital camera , with instantaneous focusing and super sharp images .
Lateral Color Fringing
None visible on my 10 MP D200 at 100 % .
This is exceptional performance .
None on my D3 , which tends to correct if it had any .
Distortion
FX and Film Cameras
There is a boatload of barrel distortion at 28 mm .
It goes away by 50 mm .
DX Cameras
There is some barrel distortion at the wide end , and none at the tele end .
Plug these figures into Photoshop CS2's lens distortion filter to correct the distortion .
These are n't facts or specifications , they are the results of my research that requires hours of photography and calculations on the resulting data .
FX at 50 ' DX at 50 ' DX at infinity 28 mm + 4.5 * +2.5 +2.5 35 mm +2.2 +1.0 +1.0 50 mm 0.0 0.0 0.0 80 mm - 0.5 - 0.2 0.0
© 2007 KenRockwell.com
* Several pixels of waviness remain .
Flare and Ghosts
I can't get the Nikon 28 - 80 mm G to ghost , except with the full midday sun in the image and set to 44 mm .
Other focal lengths diffuse the one small red dot that can appear at 44 mm .
This is the advantage to such a simple optical design : there are fewer pieces of glass from which light can bounce .
Filters
The Nikon 28 - 80 mm G uses 58 mm filters , sort of an odd size for Nikon but a common size for Mamiya and Canon .
The front of the lens rotates when focused , but not when zoomed .
Zooming
Zooming is pretty good .
The Nikon 28 - 80 mm
G suffers a little from the common problem of having the wide angles cramped closer together than the tele range .
This makes it a little harder to set a precise composition at the wide end , but the big fat zoom ring and moderate range of the Nikon 28 - 80 mm G still makes it easy .
The Nikon AF 28 - 70 mm f/3.5-4.5 is better , but many other lenses are much worse .
The zoom spacing runs from 2 cm / octave at the wide end to about 4 cm / octave at the long end .
Sadly it seems like it 's cammed incorrectly for equal rotation per millimeter of focal length instead of the correct equal rotation per percentage .
Mechanics
Mount : Plastic .
Zoom Ring : Rubber - covered plastic .
Focus Scale : NONE .
Infrared Focus Index : NONE .
Depth - of - Field Scale : NONE .
Barrel : Plastic .
Markings : Paint .
Filter Threads : Plastic .
They rotate with focusing but not with zooming .
Focus Geartrain : Metal .
Aperture Couplings : Metal .
Innards : Metal and plastic .
Serial Number : Laser engraved on bottom rear of barrel .
USA models are prefixed with " US " with no space between the US and the serial number .
Maximum Aperture
28 mm : f/3.3
35 mm : f/3.8
40 mm : f/4
50 mm : f/4.5
56 mm : f/4.8
62 mm : f/5
70 mm : f/5.3
80 mm : f/5.6
Instruction Manual
The manual for the Nikon 28 - 80 mm G is bigger than the lens .
It 's a huge multi - folded sheet in eight languages .
I found one and a half mistakes .
It erroneously claims the 28 - 80G has a nine - bladed diaphragm , while it really only has seven , as expected .
The manual also warns the 28 - 80G wo n't autofocus on an N6006 ( F - 601 ) or N2020 ( F - 501 ) .
It works great on my N6006 and N2020 .
I suspect the caution is because those cameras have primitive AF systems which prefer lenses of at least f/4.5 , so you 're pushing it at the long end of the zoom with only f/5.6 , but my old AF cameras still loved it .
The biggest issue with the early AF cameras are weirdnesses from a G lens ( more at Nikon Lens Compatibility . ) .
RECOMMENDATIONS
Top Introduction Specs Performance
Get one for any film camera .
I can't wait to see how well it works on the Nikon D3 .
If it works as well as I hope , it may be one of the best midrange zooms available .
It works extremely well on DX digital cameras , but the focal length range is n't as handy as the range of the similar Nikon 18 - 55 mm DX .
I use my 18 - 55 mm on my digital cameras before I would use this 28 - 80 mm G .
PLUG
If you find this as helpful as a book you might have had to buy or a workshop you may have had to take , feel free to help me continue helping everyone .
Thanks for reading !
Ken
Reddit Email 7 Shares
As a Middle East expert who lived in the Muslim world for nearly 10 years , travels widely there , speaks the languages , writes history from archives and manuscripts , and follows current affairs , I found that none of that counted for much when I entered the public arena in the United States .
It is n’t that I am thin - skinned or ca n’t dish it out as good as I get it .
Rather , it is like being a professional baseball player ready for the World Series , who gets in the van and instead of being delivered to Yankee Stadium is blindfolded and taken to a secret fight club where people are betting on whether he can go 12 rounds with a giant James Bond villain .
And he says , “ But I ’m not a boxer , I bat .400 . ”
And they sneer , “ You will pay for insulting our great aunt . ”
This is an arena where vehement partisans are honored as “ journalists , ” where ability to speak languages or engage in cultural interaction counts for nothing , and where rich and powerful patrons make reputations rather than any real knowledge .
NYT columnist David Brooks slammed me for not having recognized Ariel Sharon ’s potential as a peace - maker with the Palestinians and for not seeing how positive the Iraq War was for resolution of the Israeli - Palestinian crisis . (???)
I was routinely denounced by David Horowitz , who used to be an insufferable leftist in the 60s when he edited Ramparts and now is an insufferable rightwinger , but who knows nothing at all about the Middle East ( and what he thinks he knows is wrong ) .
Marty Peretz , who married into the Singer Sewing Machine fortune and then used his wife ’s money to buy and ruin The New Republic , turning it into pro-Contra , pro-war rag , was annoyed to see me on television because of his vast fund of knowledge about Arabic hollow verbs .
Michael Oren , a bad , partisan historian and Israeli army reservist ( who fought in the Gaza War ) ; who revived the Gobineau Orientalist tradition in his book on the US and the Middle East ; and who is now the Israeli ambassador to Washington– weighed in against my receiving an appointment to the Yale History Department .
Princeton - trained Martin Kramer until recently of Tel Aviv University , who recently advocated using the Gaza blockade to force small families on the half - starving Palestinians , made a cottage industry of snarky and mostly false remarks about Informed Comment ; and has a relationship with the so - called “ Middle East Forum ” , which runs the McCarthyite ‘ campus watch ’ and which was part of a scheme to have me cyber - stalked and massively spammed .
More recently I have provoked the ire of a burly former Israeli military prison guard at the notorious Ketziot detention camp during the first Intifada , who is among our foremost journalists of the Middle East and given a prominent perch at The Atlantic magazine– Jeffrey Goldberg .
Horowitz and the others routinely just make up entire passages and attribute them falsely to their victims .
You always think you can defend your position in an honest debate .
You are n’t prepared the first time someone says , “ How do you justify your spirited defense of Pol Pot ? ” Horowitz had some Kahaneist string together a series of statements I never wrote and published them in a book on the supposed 101 most dangerous professors ( as if anyone is more dangerous to our Republic than a lying rightwing demagogue ) .
What I really mind is that he never sent me so much as the T - shirt .
Also , students still do n’t seem sufficiently impressed by the title to get their papers in on time .
John Fund of the Wall Street Journal , who had supported the fundamentalist Islamic Salvation Front ’s attempt to take over the Algerian government , accused me of being pro-Islamist and then just made up entire sentences he claimed I had written , which he was forced to retract because I had not .
Likewise , Jeffrey Goldberg just now accused me of wanting “ to deny to the Jewish people a state in their ancestral homeland . ”
The fact is that a )
I ’m generally sympathetic to the states recognized as United Nations members .
But b ) wounded romantic nationalism of Goldberg ’s sort is a pathetic remnant of the twentieth century , which polished off tens of millions of human beings over wet dreams about “ blood and soil . ”
There is n’t any “ blood ” or “ pure ” “ races , ” and human groups have no special relationship to territory .
My complaint about the treatment of the Palestinians is that they have been left stateless and without citizenship or rights .
I ’m not a Palestinian nationalist who insists that they return to what is now Israel ( though they should receive compensation for lost property if they do n’t ) .
The Germans were n’t always in Germany ( in fact they are relative newcomers ) , and they are n’t of ‘ pure ’ ‘ blood , ’ and the 200,000 Jews in contemporary Germany –some of them Israelis– have as much right to be there as anyone else .
Most Germans and most Ashkenazi Jews have a relatively recent female common ancestor .
As a species and subspecies , we are from southern Africa , and that only about 100,000 years ago .
If someone is nostalgic for the Old Country , they should try Gabarone , Botswana .
And say hello to Mma Ramotswe for me .
Israeli Army Cpl. Jeffrey
Goldberg then corrects my assertion that he has no vision of the future of the Palestinians by saying that he has advocated for a Palestinian state in all of the West Bank and Gaza with East Jerusalem as its capital .
So let me say up front that I did not in fact think Goldberg would go quite that far , and that I apologize for getting him wrong .
But here are some problems with Goldberg ’s position , nevertheless :
He does n’t seem to understand that simply having a vague notion that maybe a two - state solution is desirable ( for the good of his vision of an ethno - nationalist state in Israel ) is different from actively working for it and being willing to criticize publicly those leaders attempting to forestall it .
It is n’t a talisman you can use to justify warmongering or bigotry .
George W. Bush , after all , took the same position .
In . One . Speech .
I do n’t see the sense of urgency and passion about this issue in Goldberg that was visible in his wretched so - called ‘ journalism ’ about Saddam Hussein ’s Iraq , which was riddled with ridiculous assertions about Saddam sleeping nude every night with Usama Bin Laden while playing with his miniature atomic bombs , and which Dick Cheney used to get up the horrific invasion and occupation of Iraq .
Goldberg has not only not exactly been at the forefront of the peace movement , he has argued and agitated against doing anything practical to achieve this increasingly unlikely goal .
He is the Rottweiler of ideologues when it comes to making sure that no Israeli policy is ever criticized by anyone without his branding the critics bigots and even genocidal .
Since , as noted , Goldberg is possibly still an Israeli army reservist and actively served in the Israeli Army as a prison guard during the first Intifada or Palestinian uprising , I ca n’t understand why anyone takes him seriously when he lashes out at critics of Israeli policy .
I mean , what would you expect ?
If an Arab - American had served in the Palestine Authority police , would anyone give him a perch at The Atlantic and routinely bring him on CNN to denounce critics of Mahmoud Abbas ?
Holding the leadership of a country harmless from civil society criticism guarantees that the leadership will not change its policies .
Goldberg actually instructed Secretary of State Hillary Clinton not to pressure the Netanyahu government to move in the two - state direction , on the grounds that pressure only sends Israeli leaders to their bunkers .
Well , if you ca n’t pressure them , then I suppose you are waiting for the Likud Party and Yisrael Beitenu to volunteer to cease colonizing the West Bank and cease blockading Gaza .
The United States routinely pressures other countries , including allies , over issues on which there is a US interest .
The US pressured Turkey to let the 4th Infantry Division march through that country to Iraq .
The US pressured France to vote for a UNSC resolution authorizing the Iraq War .
The US is currently pressuring Japan not to close the bases on Okinawa .
Why does Goldberg think the US should treat the Israeli leadership with kid gloves ?
Me , I see Likudniks and Avigdor Liebermans at the head of a country with one of the world ’s most powerful militaries and intending to implement policies likely to get Americans killed , and I intend to scream bloody murder .
Books
Taylor & Francis Group publishes books for all levels of academic study and professional development , across a wide range of subjects and disciplines .
We publish Social Science and Humanities books under the Routledge , Psychology Press and Focal Press imprints .
Science , Technology , and Medical books are published by CRC Press .
EU Economic Policy France Urges Germany to Curb Export Surplus
The crisis - plagued EU is gearing up for some Germany - bashing : French Finance Minister Christine Lagarde has urged Germany to rein in its trade surplus , arguing that its export strength is hurting weaker economies .
The German government is bracing itself for a fight .
The Hakawati by Rabih Alameddine Anchor , 513 pp. , $ 16.00 ( paper ) Cockroach by Rawi Hage Norton , 305 pp. , $ 23.95
There is a photograph of Thomas Mann taken in Lübeck , Germany , in 1955 , shortly before his death .
He is standing with his wife , Katia , outside the family house , the house of Buddenbrooks , or what remained of it .
He is staring straight at the camera ; the expression on his face bears all the complexity of what has been lost and cannot be regained .
It is the look of someone in full possession of dark knowledge , the eyes displaying a sense of resignation that is both hard and melancholy .
Mann was in California during World War II ; he was one of the most famous German exiles , having fled in 1933 .
Now he was merely visiting and he had no desire to return and stay , despite the fact that his heritage was in Germany and Germany was the home of his language .
He had been away too long for these things to matter much .
“ Wherever I am , Germany is , ” he had said in America in 1938 .
In 1975 , two poets from Northern Ireland , one living then in London and the other in Wicklow , south of Dublin , contemplated in poems the ambiguous meaning of exile ; they wrote about what it was like to have escaped .
In the calm , resigned poem “ Afterlives , ” placed at the beginning of his volume The Snow Party , Derek Mahon wrote about revisiting Belfast :
And I step ashore in a fine rain
To a city so changed
By five years of war
I scarcely recognize
The places I grew up in ,
The faces that try to explain .
But the hills are still the same
Grey - blue above Belfast .
Perhaps if I ’d stayed behind
And lived it bomb by bomb
I might have grown up at last
And learnt what is meant by home .
In the same year , Seamus Heaney placed “ Exposure , ” his own self - examining poem about exile , at the end of his book North :
I am neither internee nor informer ;
An inner émigré , grown long - haired
And thoughtful ; a wood - kerne
Escaped from the massacre ,
Taking protective colouring
From bole and bark , feeling
Every wind that blows …
In a time of conflict , when a writer needs silence and space , the argument about staying or going remains difficult to resolve .
When asked about the possibility of exile in an interview in 1969 , Nadine Gordimer said :
I have n’t left South Africa because of my feeling of commitment to the place as a human being rather than as a writer .
If I went to live in England , for instance , where I have my cultural roots , I might be very happy there .
I might write quite well there .
I do n’t feel that I would …
Update : a portal to all of TTAC ’s articles on the subject of Toyota gas pedals is here :
Toyota uses two different electronic gas pedal designs in its cars .
The version built by CTS ( lower ) is the subject of a massive recall , and the 2.3 million units in affected Toyota cars are to be “ fixed ” by the insertion of a steel shim .
This CTS design is also being modified for new Toyota production , currently suspended .
To our knowledge , Toyotas built with the other design ( by Denso , upper ) are not subject to any recalls or NHTSA investigations , .
We have spent the last two days tearing down both units , and familiarized ourselves with their designs , reviewed Toyota ’s “ shim fix ” , and replicated the fix ourselves .
Toyota ’s planned fix will undoubtedly reduce the likelihood of sticky pedals in the short term , but after examining both units , we are convinced that the CTS unit is intrinsically a flawed design , and poses safety risks in the long term , even with the fix .
The only right action for Toyota is to acknowledge the long history of problems with the CTS - type unit , and replace them all with the superior Denso or another pedal unit that lacks the intrinsic flaws of the CTS design .
Before we briefly review the key design differences , we must acknowledge that Toyota is ultimately responsible for both designs .
CTS has stated that its product was built to Toyota specifications .
What we do n’t know ( or understand ) is why Toyota has two such fundamentally different units in production .
Is one unit cheaper to build ?
Or was CTS tooled up to produce its unit because of other similar units it builds for other manufacturers ?
What we do know is that the CTS unit has been used in Toyota products since 2005 , whereas the Denso unit has been in use since well before that time .
Toyotas sold in Europe are also subject to a similar recall , and based on the description of the issues and the unit , it appears that it is the same or similar design as the CTS unit , but we do not know if it was built by CTS or another supplier .
The key component in question is the friction arm of the CTS .
It is both essential and desirable to have a certain defined degree of friction in these electronic gas pedal assemblies .
The amount of friction is designed to be some degree less than the return spring , so that when the pedal is released , it returns to the closed position .
But the friction ( hysteresis ) makes it easier to maintain a steady throttle setting , and relieves strain from pushing against the spring continuously .
It simulates the intrinsic friction that is present in the traditional throttle cable as it passes through the cable housing .
The two units generate the desired degree of friction in very different ways .
In the Denso unit ( above ) , the return spring ( steel coil ) is squeezed on both sides of its housing .
It rubs against the plastic housing as it compresses , which generates the desired amount of friction .
Both sides of the full length of the Denso coil are in continuous contact with the rubbed are , spreading out the contact area size .
And the metal to plastic interface seems to be relatively unproblematic .
The CTS unit is a fundamentally different design .
The friction is generated by two “ teeth ” ( A ) that extend from the friction arm , and ride in two grooved channels of the housing ( B ) .
The friction arm is an extension of the pedal itself , and moves as the pedal is moved .
Both the friction arm , its teeth and the surface it rubs against are plastic .
Notice the small area of contact ( dulled gray spot on tooth ) .
This is the fundamental source of the problem with this unit , and one that Toyota has not come clean about .
The friction unit assembled , showing the teeth engaged in the two grooves , is shown below .
In Toyota V.P. Jim Lentz ’ appearance on the Today show , he claimed that issues with the friction arm go back to only October of 2009 .
Not so .
According to a letter from Toyota to the NHTSA , in 2007 Toyota changed the plastic material used in the friction arm ( from PA46 to PPS ) in response to problems similar to those occurring now .
Furthermore , Toyota has been facing similar issues in Europe going back to 2008 :
Toyota has been modifying the friction - arm ( CTS ) type assembly since 2007 .
Yet to our knowledge , the Denso design has never been implicated in any sticking - pedal issue , and has presumably been in production for some ten years .
Why did n’t Toyota change over years ago ?
Toyota claims it now has the solution to the pedal problem .
Later this week , Toyota will be sending shims that will be inserted under the friction arm of the CTS - built pedal to reduce its tendency to stick .
We understand how this fix will work , and have replicated it .
It does reduce the degree of friction ; the exact amount will depend on the height of the spacer .
Our one - eighth inch spacer made a fairly dramatic difference in subjective friction , but we could not test it installed in a car to see how different it would feel on the road .
Regardless of the thickness Toyota chooses for the shim , real and perceived friction will by necessity decrease to the detriment of pedal feel .
The original designed degree of friction was obviously chosen to maximize the balance between the two forces at play ; any change can only deviate from that , and away from that original ideal balance .
We believe the odds are high that drivers will feel the difference , and that some or many may not like it .
Furthermore , the CTS - built unit is prone to continual wear and change in friction level over the long haul .
I do not claim to be an expert , but having two small plastic surfaces rubbing against plastic does not strike me as an elegant , reliable or durable design , and one that is presumably subject to long term deterioration from natural and unnatural causes .
There are a lot of twenty and thirty year - old Toyotas on the road .
But it ’s difficult to imagining this assembly still functioning as intended that far down the road , nevertheless even five or ten years from now .
Toyota ’s well - documented de-contenting is graphically on display here .
Yet Toyota is apparently staying with this design , with some further modification , for ongoing new car production .
Whereas the Denso unit ( above ) is not exactly inspiring in solidity of its all - plastic design and build , it seems to lack the most serious flaw of the CTS unit .
The smooth metal coils rubbing against the plastic housing seems less prone to deterioration and change in friction level .
There are no known issues or problems associated with it .
We are calling on Toyota to replace all CTS - friction arm type gas pedal assemblies with either the Denso unit , or another proven design that lives up to Toyota ’s legendary quality and the longevity expectations of its loyal owners .
“ Propping up ” an intrinsically inferior and historically - proven inferior design with a piece of metal stamping is not going to restore Toyota ’s tarnished reputation .
The two units are interchangeable ; Toyota should do the right thing and switch production over , and insist on replacing all the CTS - type units even after they have had their temporary fix .
A Band - Aid will stop the hemorrhaging for the moment , but nothing less than a transplant will do for the long haul .
Choose a spot on our money tree , located below , to search for cash .
It 's 100 % free !!!
Click once to check that location for a prize .
Continue clicking for 15 minutes and doing what the monkey tells you !
After 15 minutes 1 , you 'll be allowed to cash out in our Rewards Center !
SAN FRANCISCO – OnLive , the streaming games - on - demand service , will launch on June 17 for $ 15 / month , the company announced Wednesday at Game Developers Conference .
Only the PC and Mac versions of the service are launching on the 17th – the tiny box that connects to your television wo n't launch until later this year .
And what will that $ 15 / month get you ?
Access to OnLive 's service , but no games – those will have to be purchased separately .
I 'd rant about this but Bill Harris over at Dubious Quality is already all over it , and why duplicate the same level of bafflement :
What happens if you decide to leave the service ?
I 'm pretty sure that you 'll be hearing a giant flushing sound in regards to the games you " bought . "
So you did n't buy anything , really , except a rental with no expiration .
Well , no expiration until you stop paying $ 15 a month .
...
To me , you can try the rental model ( monthly fee ) or you can try the purchase model , but what you absolutely cannot try is the $ 15 A Month For Not A Damn Thing model .
I think this idea is OnLifeSupport until further notice .
I subscribe to Netflix for the streaming service .
I 'm paying about $ 10 for thousands of movies .
I do n't have to pay separately for each of those .
I do n't know why I 'd pay $ 15 every month for nothing .
OnLive 's technology sounds like it'll work , but I 'm struggling to understand the benefit of a monthly bill that does n't have a bunch of content included with it .
After a year of playing OnLive , you 've spent enough that you could have just bought a used Xbox 360 .
Image courtesy OnLive
I 'll be honest
I did n't know what steam or valve was .
This is great news .
Maybe Apple should buy this company so that google does n't buy it and port it to android .
This is precisely the kind of company that google would buy to deliberately kill just so apple could n't have it and dominate the gaming industry .
Apple needs to invent a way to use you iPhone like a joystick to control whAt happens on your television screen .
CHICKEN pot pie , like so many other dishes , was a way to stretch chicken by encasing it in less expensive , more filling dough .
Although in restaurants the dish has gone through something of a renaissance , not many people make it at home , maybe because it seems like too much work .
This version is different , using a far simpler procedure .
It is a chicken pot pie reimagined as a cobbler , with less dough and more vegetables .
The idea here is to do much of the cooking in one pot and skip the most finicky part , the crust , in favor of a simple biscuit topping .
Everyone is invited !
The Steam discussions are for everyone , new and advanced user alike !
Searching is key !
Before you post a question , use the forum search feature to determine whether your topic has already been covered .
Do not start flame wars !
If someone has engaged in behavior that is a detriment to the message board -- spamming , flaming people , etc -- contact one of the forum moderators or report the post .
Flaming the offensive user will only increase the problem .
Harassment is not tolerated .
Hamburger , Ground Beef , Ammonia
Sometimes a story breaks that ’s so outrageous it ’s hard to know where to begin telling it .
In this case , the story involves beef treated with ammonia .
Apparently , a company called Beef Products , Inc. , has been distributing the stuff for eight years .
It shows up widely in fast - food hamburgers , in school lunches , and in supermarket ground beef .
Nobody had been " beefing " about the meat until the New York Times broke a story last week claiming that government and industry records revealed dozens of incidents of E. coli and salmonella contamination .
But before even going to the contamination issue , which the press went all agog about , what about the presence of ammonia in beef ?
How did the USDA come to approve treating food with a substance that ’s corrosive to the skin , eyes , and lungs — that literally can eat a hole through the gut ?
It seems that back in 2000 or so , the executives at Beef Products Inc. felt frustrated that they could n’t use the fatty waste in the beef for anything except pet food and cooking oil , since fat is so vulnerable to bacterial contamination and would n’t pass inspection .
But then , someone at the company had a money - making brainstorm — if the fatty matter could be treated with large - amounts of ammonia , perhaps the contaminants would die and then the waste could be ground into a paste , added to hamburg , and sold for a far higher price .
And sure enough , tests showed that the ammonia did seem to kill off E. coli and salmonella , and the company started marketing its ammonia - treated products far and wide .
The FDA and USDA approved , and in fact , granted an exemption to Beef Products , Inc. so that the ammonia - infused ground beef coming out of that company did n’t have to go through regular inspections .
Now , ammonia - treated beef ends up in 70 percent of all hamburger sold in the US , including meat sold at Burger King , McDonalds , through the school lunch program , and in numerous supermarket chains .
And so we come to the first two questions evoked by the scenario : what ’s the impact of eating ammonia ( concerns about eating beef aside ) , and how can the USDA justify suspending inspections of any meat product ?
As for the ammonia issue , the company says in its literature , " It is naturally present in all proteins .
Ammonia is essential for life … "
But according to the Agency for Toxic Substances & Disease Registry ,
* Ammonia is highly irritating to the eyes and respiratory tract .
Swelling and narrowing of the throat and bronchi , coughing , and an accumulation of fluid in the lungs can occur .
* Ammonia causes rapid onset of a burning sensation in the eyes , nose , and throat , accompanied by lacrimation , rhinorrhea , and coughing .
Upper airway swelling and pulmonary edema may lead to airway obstruction .
* Prolonged skin contact ( more than a few minutes ) can cause pain and corrosive injury .
Apparently , no independent tests were run to assess safety risk before the product got the stamp of approval .
Instead , the USDA relied on assurances from Beef Products , Inc. , that they had run the stuff through testing and found it to be perfectly safe .
A former USDA microbiologist , Carl S. Custer , called the processed beef " pink slime " and said , " I do not consider the stuff to be ground beef , and I consider allowing it in ground beef to be a form of fraudulent labeling . "
Then again , the FDA also allows the meat industry to dose its products with carbon monoxide to keep them looking nice and pink — even if a bit slimy — for an extra 20 days of shelf life .
When you think about it , what ’s a little ammonia added to the mix ?
According to the company , the process of converting fatty waste to edible beef , " increases the naturally occurring levels of ammonium hydroxide a slight amount in order to assist in eliminating any harmful bacteria that could potentially be present in meats . "
However , the " slight amount " apparently was enough to lend the beef hitting the shelves a strong smell of ammonia — strong enough that numerous customers complained about the stink .
Those customers were unaware that ammonia had been used in processing , and yet , the smell came through strong enough to indicate unhealthy levels of alkalinity .
In any event , the company decided to lower the ammonia content in order to allay customer concerns .
And that brings us to the current situation , because although lowering the ammonia levels eliminated the stinky beef syndrome , it simultaneously failed to kill all the pathogens .
School lunch officials kept testing the meat although the USDA did n’t require it , and found that in the years 2005 to 2009 , Beef Products tested positive for salmonella 36 times per 1,000 tests , compared to only nine positive tests per 1,000 for other suppliers , including two contaminated 27,000 pound batches found this past August .
Three instances of E. coli contamination also were found .
The contaminated batches were disposed of before being served
The conversion of fatty waste into marketable meat has led to fat profits estimated at about $ 440 million annually for Beef Products Inc .
And , the payoff extends to customers like the School Lunch Program , which says , " [ The School Lunch program will continue to use BPI beef ] despite some misgivings … because its price is substantially lower than ordinary meat trimmings , saving about $ 1 million a year . "
Likewise , other consumers of BPI products seem unmoved by the New York Times report : McDonald ’s , Burger King , and Cargill all said they ’ll continue to use the meat , pointing to the fact that no cases of illness have been directly tied to BPI products so far .
Of course , had the School Lunch Program been a bit less vigilant in its testing , lots of kids would have been sickened and the situation would look quite different .
But Americans love their beef and it seems that short of an outbreak of disease , they ’ll keep buying it .
Abner Womack , a senior economist at the Food and Agricultural Policy Research Institute at the University of Missouri points out that " U.S. beef demand for beef has remained relatively constant even amid massive recalls , disease outbreaks and scares over mad cow disease .
We tend to trust , more than any country in the world , the ( government ) food inspections . "
He failed to mention the fact that BPI products are n’t subject to those inspections .
There ’s an old saying that goes , " There are two things you never want to watch : the making of sausage and the making of legislation . "
Maybe we should now add a third — ground beef .
Related Articles
WARNING : Some things described on this site are potentially dangerous / illegal .
The writers of this site assume no responsibility for the consequences that may result from attempting the activities described here .
Want to submit an article ?
Email it to howtodostuff@gmail.com .
premium_icon WHO CHOSE PRIVATE SECURITY ? : THE MEMORY FAIL OF GRAHAM ASHTON
Former police chief Graham Ashton denies making the catastrophic decision to get private security guards - not his police - to guard Victoria 's quarantine hotels .
But what made him say on March 27 that the Premier 's department made the call ?
Who did he speak to ?
Why does his phone not note such a call ?
Why is the Premier pointing a finger at him ?
Anti-gay Republican Senator Roy Ashburn -- the man who was arrested last week on a DUI charge after visiting Sacramento gay bar Faces -- confirmed today that he is , in fact , a homosexual .
Sacramento
Bee reports that the Senator , who has been on leave since his arrest , told KERN radio host Inga Barks in an interview this morning these simple words : " I 'm gay . "
Ashburn went on to say , " Those are the words that have been so difficult for me for so long . "
Explaining his vile voting record against gay , Ashburn explained that " his votes were a reflection of how the majority of voters in his conservative district would have wanted him to vote . "
Ashburn 's checkered civil rights record includes voting against a Senate resolution declaring Prop 8 unconstitutional , thrice shooting down the creation of Harvey Milk Day , voting against recognizing out of state same - sex marriages , and opposing " an expansion of the state 's insurance laws to include sexual orientation as a protected class . "
Full veils have been the subject of debate in several European states A Belgian parliamentary committee has voted to ban face - covering Islamic veils from being worn in public .
The home affairs committee voted unanimously to endorse the move , which must be approved by parliament for it to become law .
Such a vote could be held within weeks , correspondents say , meaning that Belgium could become the first European country to implement a ban .
France is also considering restricting face - covering veils .
There are several types of headscarves and veils for Muslim women - those that cover the face being the niqab and the burka .
' Dangerous precedent '
The BBC's Dominic Hughes reports from Brussels that there are about 500,000 Muslims in Belgium , and the Belgian Muslim Council says only a couple of dozen wear full - face veils .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service Several districts of Belgium have already banned the burka in public places under old local laws originally designed to stop people masking their faces completely at carnival time .
The wording of the draft law approved by the parliamentary committee says the ban would apply to areas accessible to the public - which would include people walking in the street or using public transport - and would be enforced by fines or even prison .
Denis Ducarme , from the Belgian centre - right Reformist Movement that proposed the bill , said he was " proud that Belgium would be the first country in Europe which dares to legislate on this sensitive matter " .
Find out about different styles of Muslim headscarf
In graphics
A colleague , Corinne De Parmentier , said : " We have to free women of this burden . "
But the proposal has alarmed some who see it as an attack on civil liberties .
Isabelle Praile , the vice - president of the Muslim Executive of Belgium , said any law could set a dangerous precedent .
" Today it 's the full - face veil , tomorrow the veil , the day after it will be Sikh turbans and then perhaps it will be mini-skirts , " she was quoted as saying by AFP news agency .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Wi-Fi hotspot detecting applications are the latest on Apple 's list of verboten apps , and even developers are being left in the dark as to why .
Wi -Fi detection is something of a niche : there were never more than a handful of such applications in iTunes .
But now even those have vanished as Apple decided they were using a " private framework " , and has pulled them off the shelves without explanation or apology .
Only applications that actively scan have been pulled : those that use a database of hotspots combined with GPS data garnered from the handset are still available .
Users can manually search for nearby hotspots in the usual way , but applications that do the same thing are no longer allowed .
" We received a very unfortunate email today from Apple stating that WiFi Where has been removed from sale on the App Store for using private frameworks to access wireless information , " explains one developer , though Apple has apparently declined to explain exactly what rule the scanning applications are breaking .
It 's possible that this is just part of Apple 's ongoing tidying of the iTunes store , enforcing rules more stringently , but we can't help wondering if the " private framework " is one that wo n't be available on the iPad and Apple is trying to get as much compatibility as it can before the iPad is launched .
For the developers it does n't much matter either way : their work is wasted as the applications can't , legitimately , be sold without Apple approval .
So they 'll have to be shelved against the hope that Cupertino changes its mind at some point . ®
You know how Lehman Brothers used technically legal ( but deceptive ) accounting tricks to made $ 50 billion disappear ?
Lehman execs are like , whatevs .
" They just want to be mad and do n't know what they 're talking about and want to be outraged . "
Also : one former exec compares being outraged about Lehman to supporting the Iraq war because everyone else did ( !!!) and another says that the people who are trying to tell Lehman 's side of the story are just like the people who tried to warn everyone that the housing market was going to collapse ( !!!!!!).
The fucking balls on these idiot failures !
Impotence can be an early indication of heart disease Impotence is a strong predictor of heart attack and death among high - risk patients , German researchers have said .
The study of 1,519 men who already had cardiovascular disease found those who were also impotent had twice the risk of a heart attack or death as the rest .
The University of Saarland report , published in the journal Circulation , suggests men with impotence should be checked for cardiovascular disease .
Some experts want doctors to ask about impotence in over - 40s health checks .
Impotence is linked to inadequate blood flow in the penile arteries .
These are much smaller than coronary arteries .
So for some men , a persistent failure to get an erection might be an early sign that his arteries are narrowing .
A whole segment of men is being placed at risk
Michael Böhm , lead author
The study followed men from 13 countries who already had cardiovascular disease .
It monitored whether they went on to have heart attacks or strokes .
The participants were also asked about their erectile dysfunction at the start , after two years and after five years .
Powerful predictor
As well as being twice as likely to die or have a heart attack , those with impotence were also 10 % more likely to have a stroke and 20 % more likely to be hospitalised for heart failure , after adjusting for factors like age and smoking .
Lead author Michael Böhm said men who take medication to treat impotence should also be checked for cardiovascular disease , but this does not always happen .
" The medication works and the patient does n't show up anymore , " Mr Böhm said .
" These men are being treated for the erectile dysfunction , but not the underlying cardiovascular disease .
A whole segment of men is being placed at risk . "
The study confirms previous research that has linked impotence and cardiovascular disease .
It has been welcomed by British experts .
Unrecognised Richard Hobbs , professor of general practice at the University of Birmingham , said doctors were already aware of the link , but said the findings of this study added weight to the case for screening of men with impotence for the co-existence of vascular disease .
A GP might be thought negligent not to ask about smoking , yet they routinely fail to ask about impotence
Dr Geoff Hackett , consultant urologist Professor Mike Kirby , a doctor who specialises in erectile dysfunction and cardiovascular risk , thinks doctors should be more pro-active still .
As well as checking impotent patients for cardiovascular risks , he wants doctors to start screening for impotence .
" This provides very good evidence to support a campaign to persuade doctors to ask about erectile dysfunction as part of routine cardiovascular assessment , " said Professor Kirby .
He said men who were impotent often did not raise it with their doctors because they were embarrassed and were not aware of the wider health implications .
' National disgrace ' Dr Geoff Hackett , a consultant urologist at the Good Hope Hospital in Sutton Coldfield , said it was a " national disgrace " that medicals for over - 40s did not include questions about impotence .
He said that when GPs were trying to assess whether a patient is at risk of heart disease , they asked about smoking and family history .
But impotence is a more significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease than smoking .
" A GP might be thought negligent not to ask about smoking , yet they routinely fail to ask about impotence . " he said .
A Department of Health spokesperson said : " Some reports do suggest a link between erectile dysfunction and heart disease , and the Department of Health will keep new and emerging evidence under review in relation to the content of the NHS Health Check programme . "
The NHS Health Check programme offers five - yearly medicals to 40 to 74 - year - olds with the aim of preventing heart disease , stroke , diabetes and chronic kidney disease .
They started being rolled out in 2009 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Phil Jones , the climate scientist at CRU whose emails were stolen last November , answered a series of questions for a BBC interview .
One of these was a real ‘ gotcha ’ question :
B – Do you agree that from 1995 to the present there has been no statistically - significant global warming Yes , but only just .
I also calculated the trend for the period 1995 to 2009 .
This trend ( 0.12 °C per decade ) is positive , but not significant at the 95 % significance level .
The positive trend is quite close to the significance level .
Achieving statistical significance in scientific terms is much more likely for longer periods , and much less likely for shorter periods .
The questioner already knows the answer .
The warming from 1995 to the present has not been statistically significant at the 95 % confidence level .
It ’s close to it , but not at 95 % .
But does that mean that there has been no warming at all ?
No .
As Jones points out , the trend was positive over that time period ( 0.12 °C ) .
A positive trend is quite different to , say , a negative trend , and quite inconsistent with any statement along the lines of “ global warming has stopped ! ”
And clearly it is diametrically opposed to any notion that we are in a period of global cooling .
The last ten years have in fact been the warmest on record .
Given a longer period of time , as climatologists prefer to use , rather than starting with a cherry picked interval beginning in 1995 ( a start point for which no reason was given by the interviewer ) , the temperature trend does achieve statistical significance at the 95 % level .
Damn the details .
Fully qualified pontificator Lorne Gunter at the National Post took the opportunity to fling some poo around .
Consider the remarks Phil Jones , the former head of CRU , made last week to the BBC .
Prof. Jones , who has stepped down from his directorship of the CRU pending official investigations into the leaks , told the Beeb there has been no “ statistically significant ” global warming since 1995 — that ’s the past 15 years !
Well , there ’s a revelation .
Climate scientist Phil Jones honestly represents the statistical significance of his data over a cherry picked time interval .
It ’s true , as some climate alarmist sites have pointed out , that what Prof .
Jones said in full was that the warming since 1995 is almost significant , but not quite .
The “ trend ( +0.12 C per decade ) is positive , but not significant at the 95 % significance level . ”
Gunter manages to choke out at least an acknowledgement that Jones said the trend was positive .
What these “ climate alarmist sites ” may be is n’t explained , but at a guess it would be any site that for reasons truly incomprehensible to Gunter did not choose to misrepresent Phil Jones .
For poor , fragile Gunter , that would be alarming .
Admittedly , that is not the same as a complete about - face by Prof .
Jones , but neither is it meaningless .
When was the last time you recall an alarmist such as Phil Jones admitting there was any doubt at all about warming in the last decade and a half ?
Phil Jones = alarmist ?
Fascinating .
I ’d have gone with ‘ scientist ’ , but then , I ’m not as alarmed by scientists as poor , fragile Gunter here .
Have n’t we had it drummed into us ceaselessly that the past decade has been the warmest ever recorded ?
Prof. Jones ’s admission to the BBC then is very significant .
Do you see what Gunter just did ?
Let me explain .
The past decade has been the warmest on record because the average global temperature for the year 2005 was the highest recorded and the years 1998 , 2002 , 2003 , 2006 , 2007 and 2009 are all “ in a virtual tie ” for the second warmest on record .
It is possible for the past decade to be the warmest on record and for the temperatures from 1995 to the present day to be increasing by 0.12 °C per decade , and for the trend not to be statistically significant at the 95 % confidence level .
If the trend was being calculated over a longer time period , as climatologists do , it would be significant .
If there had n’t been a La Nina in 2008 , which resulted in cooler temperatures that year , the trend could have reached 95 % significance .
In fact , the past decade has been the warmest ever recorded , and poor , fragile Gunter is the last person to be talking about significance .
Gunter goes on to say :
That ’s one of the ways in which Climategate matters :
It has made the alarmists far more willing to admit the science is n’t settled .
Yet the only person on record as saying that “ the science is settled ” is climate science denier S. Fred Singer .
Scientists like Phil Jones know the science is n’t settled .
If it were , they would stop .
Margaret Wente , fully qualified English graduate and columnist for The Globe and Mail , manages to do worse than poor , fragile Gunter :
Unfortunately for public understanding , the climate debate is usually portrayed as a fight between two extremes – between people who think it ’s all a hoax , and people who think catastrophe is imminent if we do nothing .
( Usually portrayed by whom , Margaret ?
Oh right , that would be by you and your friends in the press .
By all means , please do something about that . )
But there ’s a third position .
Although it ’s been largely absent from the climate debate , it ’s shared by a surprising number of experts .
They endorse the underlying science , which says that climate change is happening and human activity is a factor .
But they also say that threats of imminent catastrophe have been wildly exaggerated .
In fact , we do n’t know much about what might happen in the future , especially when it comes to specifics such as rising sea levels or regional droughts .
Even Phil Jones , the man at the centre of Climategate , seems to take the third position .
Several thousand e-mails hacked from his climatic research unit at Britain ’s University of East Anglia revealed , among other things , strenuous efforts to withhold data and censor people with opposing views .
Many people say that Climategate was much ado about nothing , and that Prof .
Jones was the innocent victim of vicious attacks by people who want to discredit global warming .
But in a weekend BBC interview , he dropped a bombshell .
He acknowledged there ’s been no statistically significant warming since 1995 .
Phil Jones takes the third way .
The way of all right thinking people , the way of the moderates , the way of reasonable , concerned individuals , like dear old Margaret here .
And he does it by … acknowledging there has been no statistically significant warming since 1995 .
Hello ?
When other people say that , they ’re called deniers .
And rightly so .
When other people say that , they could also be called , ignorant , uninformed , or useful idiots .
Phil Jones was answering a gotcha question honestly .
If you read on you would have seen him say this : “ The positive trend is quite close to the significance level .
Achieving statistical significance in scientific terms is much more likely for longer periods , and much less likely for shorter periods . ”
He also said ( contrary to everything we ’ve been told ) that the debate is not over .
“ I do n’t believe the vast majority of climate scientists think this .
This is not my view .
There is still much that needs to be undertaken to reduce uncertainties , not just for the future , but for the [ distant ] past as well . ”
So much for the science being settled .
Now what ?
Now what ?
I do n’t know .
Tell Gunter that contrary to what he , in his fevered imagination , thinks scientists think , just is n’t so .
Oh , and tell S. Fred Singer as well .
Next up , how about a little Twainian reportage ?
The global warming movement is already reeling from a series of damaging revelations .
The UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change – which set itself up as the final authority – has been caught in several embarrassing mistakes , such as the claim that the Himalayan glaciers would melt by 2035 .
( One man who approved this claim admitted he did it to sex up the dossier . )
Trollumnists do n’t need to check the facts .
Meet the lie that travelled halfway around the world before the truth got its shoes on : David Rose , the Daily Mail journalist with a penchant for misrepresenting scientists and making stuff up , claimed Dr. Murari Lal said he left the glaciers error in place to “ impact policy - makers and politicians and encourage them to take some concrete action ” .
Lal denies having said any such thing .
Given
Rose ’s previous form , I would n’t want to repeat anything that Rose says as fact .
Go on then , Margaret .
Take it home :
These days , there are two kinds of deniers – people such as Republicans , who believe it ’s all a fraud , and true believers , who are in denial that they are witnessing an epic scientific and political train wreck .
The good news is that , once we clear the track , perhaps we can admit Phil Jones is right .
There ’s a whole lot we just do n’t know .
Two kinds of deniers : the kind we know so well , represented by U.S. Republicans , and true believers , no names mentioned , in denial that they are “ witnessing an epic scientific and political train wreck ” .
Would the world were that simple , Margaret .
Nonetheless I agree that we are witnessing a train wreck .
Scientists are ill prepared and on the whole entirely unwilling to engage in no holds barred PR battles with people that will lie about their work , steal their emails and misrepresent their contents , hype up a few minor errors in the massive IPCC reports , and , as dear old Margaret does here , perpetuate incorrect quotes made by reporters that would prefer to make the news than report on it .
Yes , it ’s a train wreck .
But when the tracks are cleared , the science will still all be there , just as it was before , and perhaps then we can all admit that Phil Jones is right : there ’s a whole lot we do n’t know , but there ’s also a whole lot that we do .
Tags : CRU email theft , Gunter , Wente
Oregonians can register to vote online starting today as Oregon becomes the fourth state in the nation to offer voters an electronic path to the polls .
The online registration system , which cost the state about $ 200,000 to set up , will be a cheaper , more secure and more accurate way to reach more voters , particularly the housebound , elderly and out - of - state members of the military , said
It also should attract more young voters who spend more time on the Internet , she said .
" One of my chief goals is to reduce barriers to people participating in the democratic process , " she said .
She expects the online option will increase the portion of eligible voters who register , particularly those under 25 .
The state estimates about 77 percent of eligible voters are registered , leaving about 600,000 still unregistered .
Minnesota and Maine have the highest registration rate in the nation at 80 percent .
Oregon adults can register online beginning 9 a.m. Monday by going to the Internet site :
They will be required to have a valid Oregon driver 's license , permit or identification card .
For those who register online , the signatures on their driver 's licenses , permits or ID cards will serve as the signatures for voter registration cards .
Those signatures will be checked to validate mail ballots in elections .
Voters also can go to the online site to change political parties or addresses .
As with paper registrations , online registrations will require voters to declare themselves U.S. citizens .
Lying on the registration form is a felony , punishable by five years in prison , a $ 125,000 fine and deportation for undocumented immigrants .
Under Oregon law , adults cannot obtain a driver 's license without proof of citizenship or legal status .
Oregon follows Arizona , Washington and Kansas in offering residents an online path to voter registration .
Colorado and Louisiana will begin registering voters online in April , and Indiana will do so in July .
California and Utah also are working on providing electronic registration .
In Arizona , the first to offer electronic registration in 2002 , 70 percent of new voter registrations are now done online .
In Maricopa County , registration costs dropped from 83 cents per paper transaction to 3 cents per online transaction .
Washington also has saved money with its online registration , which accounted for a third of all new registrations in 2008 .
The cost for each registration dropped from $ 1.55 on paper to 45 cents online .
About 30 percent of the people registering online are between ages 18 and 24 , said Shane Hamlin , assistant director of elections for Washington .
A study released last year by the Pew Center on the States put the total cost of registering voters in Oregon in 2008 at $ 9.7 million .
The study found that 220,243 new registrations along with updates produced 1.2 million transactions , at a cost of $ 8.43 per transaction .
Brown said she next wants to make a more seamless state and county voter registration system and to get more young people voting .
" We have to do a better job of engaging out young people to participate in the civic process , " she said .
Science !
That is what explains how Mood Swing Emotionally Activated Lip Gloss works , I assume .
The makers claim that when a lady wearing it is in the mood for carnal pleasures , it turns deep red .
Advertisement
How does it work , you ask ?
By " reacting with a girl 's body chemistry . "
Oh , I see , well that sure explains it .
And even if it does work , I 'm not sure what the benefit is .
I mean , do you ladies out there really want to show your cards that obviously ?
Whatever happened to the mystery ?
[ The Sun via The Daily What ]
An artist has designed the unusual new flower toilets
A new £ 11.6 m garden centre has been officially opened in Aberdeen , creating dozens of jobs .
The Dobbies Garden World , at the city 's Lang Stracht , replaces the existing store near Hazelhead Park and is described as " bigger , better , greener " .
The new store is said to have created an extra 70 jobs in the area .
It also features unusual men's urinals in the shape of flowers , designed by San Francisco - based artist Clark Sorensen , and called Nature 's Call .
Male customers can choose between an orchid , an arum lily or a pitcher plant .
Staff tended a dress made of roses at the opening
Dobbies has been built on the former site of the city 's famous Cockers Roses business .
The opening ceremony featured a model wearing a dress created from roses to mark the connection .
It was designed by up - and - coming fashion designer Amanda Montague , 20 , from Aberdeen 's Gray 's School of Art .
James Barnes , chief executive of Dobbies , said : " The Aberdeen store is a concept for a new generation of garden centres in the UK and the benchmark from which we will launch all future stores .
" Opening our Aberdeen garden centre is a step towards our future vision to create stores which are carbon neutral . "
Dobbies indoor plant advisor Jimmy McRae , 55 , who has worked on the site for 40 years , said : " I 'm so proud to be able to help open the new store .
" I know our customers in Aberdeen will love our new garden centre . "
A new image of vast filaments of frigid interstellar dustthat reach across our Milky Way galaxy is giving scientists new clues into theforces behind the birth of new stars and the galaxy 's shape .
The European Space Agencys ( ESA )
Planck space observatorytook the new cosmic snapshot of dust structures spread across a region of spacewithin 500 light - years of the sun .
In the image , the dust filaments link up tothe plane of Milky Way galaxy , which appears as a pink , horizontal bar acrossthe bottom of the image .
" What makes these structures have these particularshapes is not well understood , " said ESA 's Planck project scientist JanTauber in a statement .
The new image is color - coded to depict the temperaturesof different regions within the view .
The whitish - pink areas are regions thatare just a few tens of degrees above absolute zero , the theoretical coldesttemperature possible in the universe ( minus 459 degrees Fahrenheit or minus 273degrees Celsius ) .
?
Deeper , richer colors mark areas of minus 437 degrees Fahrenheit ( minus 261 degrees Celsius ) .
That 's just 12 degrees Celsius warmerthan absolute zero .
While the warmer dust is concentrated along the plane ofthe Milky Way , the colder dust hovers above and below the galaxy 's plane .
The Planckobservatory is designed to study the early universe bystudying the cosmic microwave background — light emitted just after the BigBang , which is thought to have created the universe 13.7 billion years ago .
The structures observed by Planck in the new imageinclude molecular clouds in more diffuse regions , as well as so - called " cirrus " dust clouds .
They are made of both dust and gas , though the interstellar gascomponent is not directly visible , ESA officials said .
The clouds are pulled to and fro by a galaxy ?s rotationand gravity , and can also be affected by radiation and particle jets that swirltheir component gas and dust around .
The bright clumps seen in the Planck image are collectionsof matter that may offer a safe harbor for new star formation .
As these clumpscollapse inward on themselves they become denser , offering a more substantialshield against exterior light and radiation .
That shield can allow the clumps to cool and collapsefaster to make new stars , ESA officials said .
Planck launched in May 2009 alongside ESA 's Herschelinfrared space observatory , which is also mappingthe universe to make detailed observation of structureson a smaller scale than Planck 's view .
The new image from Planck reinforces a cosmic oddity thatis perplexing astronomers , ESA officials said .
That question is why thelarge - scale dust filaments seen by Planck are similar to smaller - scale onesobserved by Herschel .
" That ? s a big question , " Tauber said .
If he ever returns to prison , Jerry Dewayne Williams knows he ’ll probably never get out .
To stay clear of trouble , he has left behind the Compton neighborhood where police knew him and cut ties with friends from wilder days .
Once a hard partyer , the 43 - year - old says he prefers the company of a mystery novel or a “ Law and Order ” episode on television .
Williams is one of more than 14,000 felons who , under California ’s three - strikes law , face a possible life sentence if they commit another felony .
But few , if any , grasp the reality of that threat better than Williams .
Fifteen years ago , the gangly laborer made worldwide headlines when he was convicted of snatching a slice of pizza from a group of children near the Redondo Beach Pier .
A judge , citing California ’s newly adopted three - strikes law , sentenced him to 25 years to life .
Advertisement
Williams -- dubbed the “ pizza thief ” -- became an iconic symbol in the political and ideological battle over California ’s push to get tough on crime .
But as the public furor over his case subsided , Williams persuaded a judge to reduce his prison term , and he was quietly released after a little more than five years behind bars .
A decade later , Williams finds himself serving a different kind of life sentence .
“ I walk on eggshells , ” he said .
“ Any little thing that I do , I could be back for the rest of my life . ”
Controversial life sentences under the three - strikes law are hardly novel .
Those sentenced under the law include a thief caught shoplifting a bottle of vitamins and a drug addict who swiped nine videotapes to sell for heroin .
Advertisement
But few cases have polarized opinion as much as Williams ’ theft of an extra - large slice of pepperoni pizza .
The case continues to divide today , resurfacing whenever opponents of the law launch another reform attempt .
Williams ’ story since his release offers fuel to both backers and opponents of three strikes .
For opponents , Williams ’ success in staying out of prison repudiates one of the central ideas behind the law :
That three - strikes offenders are beyond redemption and should be locked up for life .
For supporters of the law , Williams ’ efforts to avoid trouble illustrate how three strikes is working as a powerful deterrent .
Advertisement
Now living in Moreno Valley , Williams remains bitter about the case that brought him notoriety .
But he acknowledges his role in the ongoing debate over the sentencing law .
“ If I go back to jail , it proves three strikes is right -- that this is where I belong , ” Williams said .
“ So I have to stay out . ”
Staying out has n’t always been simple .
Growing up , Williams recalls that his mother and stepfather were loving but strict .
But by 18 , he was already familiar to police .
Advertisement
In 1985 , he was arrested twice on suspicion of car theft and was convicted of receiving stolen property .
Over the next several years , Williams racked up convictions for drug possession , vehicle theft and robbery , serving time in jail and on probation .
He was eventually sentenced to two years in prison for attempted robbery and for violating probation .
After his release in April 1993 , Williams appeared to turn his life around .
He passed his drug tests and found work through a temporary employment agency .
Impressed , a parole officer ended Williams ’ parole early in May 1994 .
Two months later , on July 30 , Williams headed to a bar near the Redondo Beach Pier with a group of friends .
Nearby , Mary Larson was looking for a place to eat for her sisters and her children .
The adults wanted to eat at one of the fish restaurants near the pier .
The four children -- ages 7 to 15 -- wanted pizza .
Advertisement
The parents found a pizza stand and ordered , leaving the children at an outdoor table with the eldest in charge .
When the adults found a fish restaurant , Larson ’s husband , Keith , went to check on the children .
He returned with all four .
“ Some guys stole our pizza , ” the Larsons ’ 15 - year - old son blurted out .
Williams was arrested at a nearby arcade .
The 27 - year - old Williams had stumbled into a political storm raging over how to deal with recidivists .
Advertisement
Public anxiety over crime had reached new heights with the 1993 killing of Polly Klaas , a 12 - year - old taken at knifepoint from the bedroom of her Petaluma , Calif. , home by a twice - convicted kidnapper .
In the wake of Klaas ’ murder , a statewide campaign was mounted to adopt a “ Three Strikes and You ’re Out ” law .
The proposal , which went on to win overwhelming voter approval , targeted offenders with at least two serious or violent previous crimes , such as rape or robbery .
Any new felony conviction triggered a prison sentence of at least 25 years to life .
As the campaign gathered momentum , the state Legislature passed a nearly identical measure in March 1994 , four months before Williams ’ arrest .
Opponents of the law cited Williams ’ case as evidence that three strikes could produce punishments grotesquely out of proportion with the crime .
Supporters of three strikes , however , denounced Williams as a poster child for the new law , pointing to his long criminal history as evidence that he had not reformed .
Gov. Pete Wilson called Williams ’ action “ a strong - arm robbery . ”
Advertisement
When Williams stepped into a Torrance courtroom in August 1994 , he was met by television cameras and protesters .
“ It was crazy , ” he recalled .
“ I was treated like I just shot the president . ”
At their home in El Segundo , the Larsons were also stunned by the reaction .
The family rebuffed reporters ’ offers to talk publicly about the case .
Some of their friends expressed disbelief at the prosecution until they learned who the victims were .
To the Larsons , a life sentence seemed like a lot , but they also wanted the person who robbed their children to face consequences .
Advertisement
“ I really did feel like the kids were victimized .
They were terrorized there for a few minutes , ” recalled Keith Larson , a former police officer and military prosecutor .
A victims ’ rights groups offered to help them tell their story .
But the couple just wanted the court to do its job .
At his trial , Williams disputed the children ’s account , insisting that they told him he could have the pizza slice .
Jurors deadlocked on robbery charges but convicted Williams of felony petty theft , enough to trigger a three - strikes sentence .
Williams ’ defense attorney pleaded for leniency , calling life in prison “ shockingly excessive . ”
The prosecutor disagreed .
Advertisement
“ He ’s had his share of second chances , ” Deputy L.A. County Dist .
Atty .
Bill Gravlin said .
In prison , Williams said he shared a cell with a murderer who was serving a shorter sentence than his .
He became known inside as the “ pizza man . ”
“ Everybody thought that I had shot a pizza delivery man , ” he recalled .
Williams had begun to accept that he would never get out when the California Supreme Court offered hope .
The court ruled that judges could spare a third - striker a life sentence by overlooking previous convictions .
Advertisement
Scribbling on yellow legal paper , Williams wrote a letter to the judge who had sentenced him , begging him to reconsider .
I “ can understand the people ’s point about repeat felons , ” he wrote , “ but I can say that my crime life is really past history . ”
On Jan. 28 , 1997 , Williams returned to the courtroom of Superior Court Judge Donald F. Pitts .
Also returning was Gravlin , the veteran prosecutor , who objected to changing the sentence .
Standing before the judge , Gravlin unfurled a computer printout of Williams ’ criminal history that extended from his outstretched arm to the floor .
Advertisement
“ He has not learned , ” Gravlin told the court .
“ He has not repented . ”
But the judge ruled that reducing the punishment was in the interest of justice .
Williams would be out in less than three more years .
In October 1999 , Williams walked out of a state prison in Soledad .
He moved in with a sister in Lynwood , but his prospects looked bleak .
He could not find work .
Some of his neighbors were selling drugs .
Fearful of returning to prison , he moved to Corcoran , Calif. , to live with his mother .
Advertisement
Ruthie Humphrey noticed a profound change in her son .
He had lost his appetite for trouble .
But also gone was the fun-loving extrovert she fondly recalled .
Williams was angry .
He cut himself off from friends .
“ He did n’t come back to me the same , ” Humphrey said .
“ Some parts of him were still left in jail . ”
In Corcoran , Williams helped his mother manage apartments .
He drove a forklift at an onion plant .
He pollinated fields using bees .
He operated a machine at a cardboard box factory .
He began dating a local woman and moved in with her .
Once again , it appeared as though Williams had turned his life around .
Advertisement
But in September 2003 , his girlfriend called 911 and reported that Williams was verbally abusing her .
A police officer arrived to find Williams moving out after a fight and demanding $ 150 he had paid toward the bills .
As the officer looked on , Williams told his girlfriend : “ I ’m going to put a bullet in your ass if I do n’t get my money . ”
Williams , who was unarmed , was arrested and charged with making a criminal threat , a felony that could have landed him back in prison for life .
But Kings County prosecutors did not treat the crime as a third strike .
Williams pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor and was released from jail after 17 days .
As part of his sentence , he was barred from leaving Kings County without permission .
Nevertheless , Williams moved to Moreno Valley to live with another sister .
An arrest warrant was issued and remains active .
Advertisement
Williams says he is different from the young man who built a lengthy criminal resume in his teens and 20s .
Using long sleeves he hides old gang tattoos , including “ crip or cry , high til I die ” on his left arm .
Since landing in Moreno Valley , he has been arrested once -- for being drunk in public -- but was released without charges being filed .
Williams says he was wrong to have approached the children on the boardwalk but still insists they let him have the pizza .
He laughs at how friends tease him about his notoriety when they go out for pizza .
“ I make sure people are around when I ask for it , ” he said .
Williams has struggled to find steady work .
No one , he says , wants to hire a felon .
Advertisement
“ I paid my debt to society .
. . .
How long do I have to be punished for ? ” he asked .
“ I feel like they want to see me back in jail . ”
Williams says the three - strikes law was never meant for someone like him , despite his record , and that he would be determined to stay straight even without the threat of a life sentence .
But without a job , he fears he might one day slip up .
“ By the grace of God , I was given a second opportunity , ” he said .
“ But every day that goes by becomes harder . ”
Gravlin , the prosecutor , retired in 2003 .
He recalled feeling conflicted when Williams asked to have his sentence reduced .
Gravlin said he felt obliged to argue against it so the judge could consider both sides .
But he also felt that Williams should serve less time .
Advertisement
“ In hindsight . . . justice was done , ” Gravlin said .
Mary and Keith Larson said they trusted in the courts to do the right thing .
They harbored no hard feelings toward Williams , they said , but hope he keeps out of trouble .
“ If he ’s walking on eggshells or thinking , ‘ I need to behave myself , ’ that ’s good , ” Mary Larson said .
“ We want people behaving themselves . ”
--
Advertisement
jack.leonard@latimes.com
Times researcher Maloy Moore contributed to this report .
Since “ Chrono Trigger ” was released in 1995 , it has been widely regarded as having one of the best soundtracks on a video game .
It helped spur the scene of video game music remixes and has had many iterations over the years .
The soundtrack by Yasunori Mitsuda , originally in just 16 - bit audio , still contends with full orchestral music heard in today ’s games and has a large cult following in the video game scene .
One of the most notable renditions on the soundtrack is the acid jazz album Chrono Trigger Arranged Version : The Brink of Time .
The album was released just over three months after the game and features ten remade tracks .
Initially , the album had very mixed reviews with critics claiming to either love it or hate it .
Personally , I enjoyed this acid jazz arrangement of the soundtrack quite a bit .
It has all the workings of an enjoyable acid jazz album mixed with memorable songs that incite great memories .
The choice of acid jazz seems like an obvious one simply because the sounds used , if not emulate , at least do justice to the original 16 - bit sounds .
Yasunori Mitsuda arr .
DJ Ali Haeri – “ Kingdom Trial ” remixed with “ 1 , 2 Step ” by Ciara feat .
Missy Elliott from Chrono Trigger Mixtape , Vol. 1
[ audio : http://www.musicgeek.org/wp/wp-content/uploads/2010/02/2-05-1-2-Step-Ciara-feat.-Missy-Elliott.mp3]
Yasunori Mitsuda arr .
DJ Ali Haeri – “ Underground Sewer ” from Chrono Trigger Mixtape , Vol. 1
[ audio : http://www.musicgeek.org/wp/wp-content/uploads/2010/02/3-08-Underground-Sewer.mp3]
Yasunori Mitsuda arr .
Daniel Floyd – “ Morning Sunlight ” from Chrono Symphonic ( 2005 )
[ audio : http://www.musicgeek.org/wp/wp-content/uploads/2010/02/02-Morning-Sunlight.mp3]
Another of the great renditions is The Chrono Trigger Mixtape , Vol . 1 .
The mixtape originated as a joke amongst DJ Ali Haeri and his friends about creating a stereotypical hip - hop mixtape .
The album contains 10 “ clubbed ” up versions of “ Chrono Trigger ” songs mixed with a capella vocals from popular hip - hop artists such as 50 Cent , Young Jeezy , Ciara , and Kanye West .
The mixtape , released in 2005 , has three versions , the first being the most stereotypical and satirical of the three .
It features the mixed - up tracks , DJ ’d by the fictional DJ Epoch .
The inclusion of DJ Epoch is the only element that sets versions one and two apart , but it really makes a difference .
DJ Epoch was introduced to give it that authentic “ annoying DJ ” feel .
These mixes even include obnoxious introductions to the songs , complete with an over abundance of delay and echo .
The third version of the mixtape is an instrumental mix , and is personally , the most enjoyable .
The 16 - bit sounds are directly translated into bass thumping hip - hop .
When “ Chrono Trigger ” was released for the Nintendo DS in 2008 , we heard several beautiful orchestral arrangements and even a few unreleased tracks .
If you are looking for a great compilation of all the 16 bit tracks directly from the game with a few extras , this is the album for you .
The Nintendo DS release soundtrack spans 3 discs and includes 78 songs , totaling nearly 3 hours of pure “ Chrono Trigger ” goodness .
Last but certainly not least are the wonderful symphonic renditions that can be found on the unofficial , download only album , Chrono Symphonic .
This album was released on the website OverClocked ReMix in 2006 and features 25 of our favorite “ Chrono Trigger ” tracks .
The songs contain intricate full symphonic scores and a lot of dynamic variance .
Not only does this track shine as a remix of the tracks , but as a symphonic album as a whole .
Chrono Trigger will have it ’s 15th birthday in just a few weeks —
March 11 to be exact — and even after so long , it is still sitting pretty as being one of the most loved and heavily remixed video game sound tracks of all time .
So in honor of Chrono Trigger ’s upcoming birthday , this one goes out to Yasunori Mitsuda .
Without him , we would be devoid of so much of our favorite music that has come from video games in the last 15 years .
If you want to download either Chrono Symphonic or any of the versions of Chrono Trigger Mixtape , Vol. 1 , just click the links below .
Chrono Symphonic
Chrono Trigger Mixtape , Vol. 1
Chrono Trigger Mixtape , Vol. 1 ( No DJ )
Chrono Trigger Mixtape , Vol. 1 ( Instrumental )
In today ’s world of freelancing it has become harder to find effective marketing techniques .
We all know that it is an absolute necessity to have a blog , and knowing this fact many freelancers are now blogging .
This leaves you with the predicament :
How do you ensure your blog does better than the rest ?
Below are eight easy - to - follow points which will help increase traffic to your blog .
1 . Have an RSS feed
A simple way of ensuring that you can have a pool of people who will be regularly reading your blog is to offer your readers to subscribe to your RSS feed .
The number of RSS subscribers can illustrate the success of your blog , although this may not be the most thorough check , it is a good indication .
There are several websites which offer the service of creating a “ trackable ” RSS feed , Feedburner being just one of them .
Whichever service you wish to choose , do bear in mind that this will help in maintaining a reader base which can eventually help market your services or product .
2. Create a mailing list
Following on the idea of maintaining and increasing your reader base , create a mailing list .
The readers of your blog will sign up , but usually will need an incentive to do so .
There are seas of methods of getting people to sign up .
Incentives can include allowing access to a free e-book or creating a discount on your services / premium e-book .
I would suggest emailing your mailing list on a bi-weekly basis .
How many times have you given your email address to someone who began spamming your inbox ?
I know of freelancers who will send out an email every day and many people are irritated by this .
Even weekly can be overwhelming for some , but if you feel that you must send it weekly then you should .
3 . Link your own website to your blog
Vice versa is also true .
The whole idea behind blogging is to market your services .
It is fairly obvious , to those of us who have an IQ above that of a hamster , that you ought to link your blog to your website , however , many freelancers will make the mistake of not linking their website to their blog .
Place yourself in the shoes of your potential client .
Before buying the product / service you may be worried if the freelancer is reliable , so when they can see a blog and read articles authored by you , they may become more comfortable in hiring you or buying from you .
4. Guest Writers
Try to get an expert in your field to write for you .
Usually their name will help bring in traffic and people will be interested in hearing what they have to say .
A greater advantage than this , however , is if they link your blog on their blog or website .
Experts are usually busy and may not have the time to write for you .
You may want to consider interviewing them and publishing the interview on your blog .
This may be the next best thing , but still try to get a link back from them .
5. Reviews
Review a product or service and in return get a link on their website .
Often companies will pay for reviews , however you can choose to wave this for a link , or negotiate both !
6. Social media
When you have written a blog post , submit these articles to social media websites such as Facebook , Twitter , StumbleUpon etc .
Try to create a following on these sites , so that every time you tweet , or update your Facebook status , you will get an adequate response of people clicking to read your article .
7. SEO
When you write an article , do n’t focus on cramming your title or article text with keywords just to target the search engines .
This will spoil your article as you will end up writing gibberish .
A proper way of doing this would be to write on relevant , interesting topics .
By writing on relevant topics , you will be able to hit the search engines without alienating your real , human readers .
8 . Have an opinion
While blogging we begin to think that we must be fair to all opinions and therefore not express our own opinions .
The opposite , however , will help you far more .
Creating a means of dialogue on your site will cause people to express their opinions and have a healthy debate .
You are more likely to have visitors on your blog when they have the means to express their beliefs .
Do be careful to respect the opinions of others , this does not mean not expressing your own views .
Final Word
The greatest thing which will increase traffic to your blog is dedication to it .
Constantly writing articles will eventually generate massive exposure to your blog through search engines and direct traffic .
Do not be hasty and expect tons of traffic in the first few months of your blog , grow it slowly and steadily and you ’ll soon be able to reap the benefits .
If you found this article useful , please go ahead and :
sustainability stories collected and curated by an Antipodean sustainability transmitter and sponge , advocate of the just and ethical , appreciator of the unusual , humourous and odd ...
Water levels in the northern Mekong River are at record - low levels , posing a threat to water supply , navigation and irrigation along a stretch of water that is home to millions , a regional official said .
Northern Thailand , northern Laos and southern China have all been affected , Jeremy Bird , chief executive officer of the Mekong River Commission ( MRC ) secretariat , told AFP .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
" The flows are much lower than we 've got records on in the last 20 years , " said Bird , whose inter- governmental body deals with all Mekong River - related activities including fisheries , agriculture and flood management .
More than 60 million people in the lower Mekong basin depend on the river system for food , transport and economic activity , the MRC says , adding that it is home to the world 's most valuable inland fishery .
Bird said 21 cargo boats have reportedly been stranded because of the shallow river water in southern China .
A regional drought has caused the water to drop , the MRC said .
" Severe drought will have an impact on agriculture , food security , access to clean water and river transport and will affect the economic development of people already facing serious poverty , " it said in a statement .
" The northern provinces are amongst the poorest areas for both Lao PDR and Thailand . "
River tour operators have stopped offering services on the river between the Laotian tourist centre of Luang Prabang and Huay Xai on the Thai border , the MRC said .
Article continues : http://www.wbcsd.org/plugins/DocSearch/details.asp?type=DocDet&ObjectId=Mzc1NTM
The New Vancouver Olympic Mascot
A Polish newspaper printed an article about the Vancouver Winter Olympics and our old friend Pedobear somehow ended up in a group shot with the official mascots .
I think he's in good company ; they all have those beady yearning eyes .
The trouble started when Raj Patel appeared on American TV to plug his latest book , an analysis of the financial crisis called The Value of Nothing .
The London - born author , 37 , thought his slot on comedy talkshow The Colbert Report went well enough : the host made a few jokes , Patel talked a little about his work and then , job done , he went back to his home in San Francisco .
Shortly afterwards , however , things took a strange turn .
Over the course of a couple of days , cryptic messages started filling his inbox .
" I started getting emails saying ' have you heard of Benjamin Creme ? ' and ' are you the world teacher ? ' " he said .
" Then all of a sudden it was n't just random internet folk , but also friends saying , ' Have you seen this ? ' "
What he had written off as gobbledygook suddenly turned into something altogether more bizarre : he was being lauded by members of an obscure religious group who had decided that Patel – a food activist who grew up in a corner shop in Golders Green in north - west London – was , in fact , the messiah .
Their reasoning ?
Patel 's background and work coincidentally matched a series of prophecies made by an 87 - year - old Scottish mystic called Benjamin Creme , the leader of a little - known religious group known as Share International .
Because he matched the profile , hundreds of people around the world believed that Patel was the living embodiment of a figure they called Maitreya , the Christ or " the world teacher " .
His job ?
To save the world , and everyone on it .
" It was just really weird , " he said .
" Clearly a case of mistaken identity and clearly a case of people on the internet getting things wrong . "
What started as an oddity kept snowballing until suddenly , in the middle of his book tour and awaiting the arrival of his first child , Patel was inundated by questions , messages of support and even threats .
The influx was so heavy , in fact , that he put up a statement on his website referencing Monty Python 's Life of Brian and categorically stating that he was not Maitreya .
Instead of settling the issue , however , his denial merely fanned the flames for some believers .
In a twist ripped straight from the script of the comedy classic , they said that this disavowal , too , had been prophesied .
It seemed like there was nothing to convince them .
" It 's the kind of paradox that 's inescapable , " he said , with a grim humour .
" There 's very little chance or point trying to dig out of it . "
There are many elements of his life that tick the prophetic checklist of his worshippers : a flight from India to the UK as a child , growing up in London , a slight stutter , and appearances on TV .
But it is his work that puts him most directly in the frame and causes him the most anguish – the very things the followers of Share believe will indicate that their new messiah has arrived .
Patel 's career – spent at Oxford , LSE , the World Bank and with thinktank Food First – has been spent trying to understand the inequalities and problems caused by free market economics , particularly as it relates to the developing world .
His first book , Stuffed and Starved , rips through the problems in global food production and examines how the free market has worked to keep millions hungry ( Naomi Klein called it dazzling , while the Guardian 's Felicity Lawrence said it was " an impassioned call to action " ) .
The Value of Nothing , meanwhile , draws on the economic collapse to look at how we might fix the system and improve life for billions of people around the globe .
While his goal appears to match Share 's vision of worldwide harmony , he says the underlying assumptions it makes are wrong – and possibly even dangerous .
" What I 'm arguing in the book is precisely the opposite of the Maitreya : what we need is various kinds of rebellion and transformations about how private property works , " he said .
" I do n't think a messiah figure is going to be a terribly good launching point for the kinds of politics I 'm talking about – for someone who has very strong anarchist sympathies , this has some fairly deep contradictions in it . "
To say Patel – with his academic air , stammer and grey - flecked hair – is a reluctant saviour is an understatement .
In fact , he rejects the entire notion of saviours .
If there is one thing he has learned from his work as an activist in countries such as Zimbabwe and South Africa , it is that there are no easy answers .
" People are very ready to abdicate responsibility and have it shovelled on to someone else 's shoulders , " he said .
" You saw that with Obama most spectacularly , but whenever there 's going to be someone who 's just going to fix it for you , it 's a very attractive story .
It 's in every mythological structure . "
Unravelling exactly what it is that Share International 's followers believe , however , is tricky .
The group is an offshoot of the Victorian Theosophy movement founded by Madame Blavatsky that developed a belief system out of an amalgam of various religions , spiritualism and metaphysics .
Creme – who joined a UFO cult in the 1950s before starting Share – has added a cosmic take to the whole concept : he says that Maitreya represents a group of beings from Venus called the Space Brothers .
This 18 m - year - old saviour , he says , has been resting somewhere in the Himalayas for 2,000 years and – as a figure who combines messianism for Christians , Buddhists , Hindus , Jews and Muslims alike – is due to return any time now , uniting humanity and making life better for everybody on earth .
Adding to the confusion is the fact that Creme refuses to categorically state whether or not he believes that Patel and Maitreya are one and the same .
He suggests that it is not up to him to rule either way , instead blaming media coverage , rather than his own mystical predictions , for making people " hysterical " .
" It is not my place , " Creme told the writer Scott James , a friend of Patel , recently .
" People are looking to Mr Patel because they are looking for the fulfilment of a story which I 've been making around the world for the last 35 years . "
It is not the first time that Creme , an inscrutable guru with a mop of curly white hair , has courted publicity with his wild pronouncements of a messiah .
In 1985 he made another prophecy : that Maitreya would reveal himself to the press in London .
A gaggle of journalists gathered in a Brick Lane curry house for the main event .
In the end , the promised saviour failed to materialise .
( One candidate , " a man in old robes and a faraway look in his eye " , turned out to be a tramp begging for cigarettes , our correspondent wrote at the time ) .
Patel 's rejection of his status as a deity does not seem to have killed off interest from Share 's members .
Indeed , the situation has invaded his everyday life , such as when two devotees travelled from Detroit – some 2,400 miles away – just to hear him give a short public talk .
" They were really nice people , not in your face , really straightforward – these people do not look like fanatics , " he says .
" I gave the talk , and they hung around at the end and we had a chat . "
It was only then that the pair revealed that they were followers of Creme 's teachings .
Patel said : " They said they thought I was the Maitreya … they also said I had appeared in their dreams .
I said : ' I 'm really flattered that you came all the way here , but it breaks my heart that you came all this way and spent all this money to meet someone who is n't who you think he is . '
" It made me really depressed , actually .
That evening I was really down . "
While he struggles to cope with this unwanted anointment , his friends and family are more tickled by the situation .
" They think it 's hilarious , " he said .
" My parents came to visit recently , and they brought clothes that said ' he's not the messiah , he 's a very naughty boy ' .
To them , it 's just amusing . "
There have been similar cases in the past , including Steve Cooper , an unemployed man from Tooting , south London , who was identified by a Hindu sect as the reincarnation of a goddess and now lives in a temple in Gujurat with scores of followers .
Unlike some who have the greatness thrust upon them , though , Patel 's greatest hope is that Share will leave him alone so that he can get back to normal life .
Acupuncture is a so - called complementary and alternative medicine ( CAM ) modality I frequently tackle because it often provides excellent teaching points on the relationship between science and the practice of medicine .
My reading of the literature is that acupuncture is highly implausible and the evidence does not support its efficacy for any indication .
And yet it is one of the more popular CAM modalities ( although still a small phenomenon – only 6 % of Americans have ever used it ) , especially in its penetration of hospitals and academia .
There is a great deal of misinformation out there about acupuncture , and this seems to garner the most attention from naive physicians .
In vitro fertilization ( IVF ) is one of the applications of acupuncture that has been most touted by proponents .
The evidence for any positive effect from acupuncture for IVF , however , has been consistent with no effect .
By this I mean that there are poor quality studies with mixed results , but trending positive ( as poor quality studies tend to do ) , especially in China and other nations culturally predisposed to acupuncture , but the better designed studies tend to be negative .
There have been a number of systematic reviews of acupuncture trials for IVF with mixed opinions .
The most recent review was conducted by the British Fertility Society , and they conclude :
The guidelines found that there is currently no evidence that having acupuncture or Chinese herbal medicine treatment around the time of assisted conception increases the likelihood of subsequent pregnancy .
They reviewed 14 randomized controlled trials and performed meta-analyses on the various outcomes and timing of treatment , and in all cases found no difference between acupuncture and control groups .
Other systematic reviews have also come to the same conclusion , for example this 2008 review concluded :
Currently available literature does not provide sufficient evidence that adjuvant acupuncture improves IVF clinical pregnancy rate .
Yet other reviews came to different conclusions .
This BMJ review from 2008 concluded :
Current preliminary evidence suggests that acupuncture given with embryo transfer improves rates of pregnancy and live birth among women undergoing in vitro fertilisation .
Why the discrepancy ?
Partly it is due to a judgment call – the difference between “ preliminary evidence is positive ” and “ there is insufficient evidence ” – which is likely a result of the biases of the reviewers .
How much weight do you put on preliminary evidence .
Those reviews that emphasized the best studies ( which I think is the appropriate approach ) showed no effect from acupuncture .
One of the best studies of acupuncture in IVF was this one published in 2009 .
They found that placebo acupuncture was better in some measures than true acupuncture , although no better in others .
The authors should have concluded that acupuncture simply does not work , and that these differences found were likely due to chance .
However , they concluded that :
Placebo acupuncture was associated with a significantly higher overall pregnancy rate when compared with real acupuncture .
Placebo acupuncture may not be inert .
This is just bizarre , but not uncommon in the CAM world .
It is just a form of special pleading to argue after a negative trial that placebos work also .
In this study the authors are left trying to justify the conclusion that placing the needles in the “ correct ” locations had a disadvantage over placing them in random locations , which would also mean that expertise in acupuncture is a disadvantage .
Proponents of acupuncture , following the BFS announcement , were quick to insulate themselves from the evidence using special pleading .
One high - profile practitioner , Dr Xiao - Ping Zhai , of The Zhai Fertility Treatment Clinic , said there were indeed problems with the way in which these trials were designed and that different analysis would show the benefits .
“ Certainly for those with unexplained fertility problems in particular , we know acupuncture and traditional Chinese medicine can be beneficial .
What matters is both the expertise and experience of the practitioner , but most of all the treatment of the patient as an individual .
It is the tailored treatment which is key .
My primary question for Dr. Xiao - Ping Zhai is – how does he know that acupuncture works to improve IVF success ?
He seems to be taking the classic pseudoscientific approach of using science to validate beliefs , rather than test them .
When controlled trials are negative , proponents then blame the trials – they must be wrong , because they “ know ” that acupuncture works .
One of their tactics is to claim that acupuncture needs to be “ individualized ” – using a standard treatment does not work .
But they are unable to provide a coherent explanation for why individualization should matter , at least in physiological terms .
Invoking “ life energy ” and the flow of “ chi ” is nothing but superstition .
But even if we grant for the sake of argument that individualization of treatments makes a difference , that does not mean the existing trials are wrong and acupuncture works .
At best it means we still do not know if acupuncture works for IVF .
It is now on the proponents of acupuncture to design and execute what they claim are better trials that allow for individualization .
The problem with this historically is that such trials sacrifice some of the blinding in order to individualize .
They have to be especially careful in their design to accomplish both ends – individualized and properly blinded .
This has been done , in acupuncture for back pain , for example , with no difference between standardized and individualized treatment groups .
So far the “ individualization ” special pleading has not been supported by the evidence .
“ Expertise and experience ” also does not seem to matter .
This is just another claim without evidence .
It may seem intuitive that experience should matter , but actually it matter far less than experts ( including physicians ) would like to think .
To clarify this point – this is in the context of applying treatments .
Generally speaking , following evidence based guidelines yields better results than shooting from the hip based upon personal experience .
I would also argue that expertise in a pseudoscientific discipline should be considered pseudoexpertise .
Knowing where to place acupuncture needles according to complex Traditional Chinese Medicine principles would only matter if the TCM principles were valid .
However , the totality of acupuncture research is consistent with the interpretation that it does not matter where you place the needles – so all that expertise appears to be worthless .
It is the equivalent of being able to provide an expert astrology reading – expertise in astrology matters not , because astrology is 100 % nonsense .
At the very least , if proponents are going to argue that existing evidence against the efficacy of acupuncture for IVF should be dismissed because the treatments were insufficiently individualized or that they were given by insufficiently experienced practitioners – they should provide evidence that either of these things matter .
And even worse , they are committing the logical fallacy of concluding not only were the trials not definitive , but that acupuncture works ( rather than it is still unknown ) .
What about plausibility ?
Proponents argue thusly :
A statement from the British Acupuncture Council noted : “ Fertility focused acupuncture treatment has been found to help increase blood flow to the reproductive organs , balance hormone levels , regulate the menstrual cycle and help improve the lining of the uterus and quality of eggs released . ”
This is a common ploy by proponents of dubious treatments – they cite research which essentially amount to anomaly hunting – looking for physiological changes that correlate with the treatment .
First it must be pointed out that basic science evidence , like physiological changes , should not be used to extrapolate clinical claims – the clinical evidence for efficacy must also be there , and it is n’t .
But the more subtle point is that medical researchers are familiar with the fact that if you do something to an organism or a clump of cells and then look for changes , you will find them .
Biological systems respond to stimulation .
Stick a needle in someone and there will be a local inflammatory reaction , causing a host of changes .
Are any of these changes actual markers or causes of a specific clinical effect ?
That is a different question .
Further , biological systems are highly variable , so looking for changes is often rewarded .
Knowing what those changes actually mean is another matter .
When anomaly hunting for physiological changes is rewarded , proponents also often make another unjustified leap of logic , assuming that “ changed ” equals “ improved . ”
So changes in hormone levels becomes “ balance hormone levels ” – without any evidence that the non-specific changes represent a functional improvement .
The take - away message is that finding changes in physiological markers in correlation with a treatment is helpful in designing future research and both testing and generating hypothesis – but they are no substitute for clinical research .
Finding physiological changes is also not as impressive as is often presented – it is actually an extremely poor predictor of clinical efficacy .
Anyone doing translational research is keenly aware of this – most treatments that are promising based upon pre-clinical evidence do not pan out clinically .
Conclusion
Acupuncture remains an implausible treatment , and lacks sufficient evidence to conclude that it works for any specific indication .
The history of acupuncture research is following a familiar pattern .
Initial research is mixed but trends positive .
Basic science research shows non-specific anomalies , but no consistent pattern that accords with scientific theory of mechanism for acupuncture .
For each indication , as better and more rigorous studies are designed , the effects shrink until the best studies are negative .
Proponents then engage in special pleading to dismiss the evidence , while simultaneously citing poor quality or pre-clinical evidence , secure in their faith that acupuncture works .
We see this pattern with homeopathy research , the ESP literature , UFO investigations , and all manner of fringe science .
Recognizing this pattern is essential to interpreting any large body of such research .
The men of B Company were in a dangerous state of mind .
They had lost five men in a firefight the day before .
The morning of Feb. 8 , 1968 , brought unwelcome orders to resume their sweep of the countryside , a green patchwork of rice paddies along Vietnam ’s central coast .
They met no resistance as they entered a nondescript settlement in Quang Nam province .
So Jamie Henry , a 20 - year - old medic , set his rifle down in a hut , unfastened his bandoliers and lighted a cigarette .
Just then , the voice of a lieutenant crackled across the radio .
He reported that he had rounded up 19 civilians , and wanted to know what to do with them .
Henry later recalled the company commander ’s response :
Kill anything that moves .
Moments later , the 19 villagers lay dead or dying .
Back home in California , Henry published an account of the slaughter and held a news conference to air his allegations .
Yet he and other Vietnam veterans who spoke out about war crimes were branded traitors and fabricators .
No one was ever prosecuted for the massacre .
Now , nearly 40 years later , declassified Army files show that Henry was telling the truth — about the Feb.
8 killings and a series of other atrocities by the men of B Company .
The files are part of a once - secret archive , assembled by a Pentagon task force in the early 1970s , that shows that confirmed atrocities by U.S. forces in Vietnam were more extensive than was previously known .
The documents detail 320 alleged incidents that were substantiated by Army investigators — not including the most notorious U.S. atrocity , the 1968 My Lai massacre .
Though not a complete accounting of Vietnam war crimes , the archive is the largest such collection to surface to date .
About 9,000 pages , it includes investigative files , sworn statements by witnesses and status reports for top military brass .
The records describe recurrent attacks on ordinary Vietnamese — families in their homes , farmers in rice paddies , teenagers out fishing .
Hundreds of soldiers , in interviews with investigators and letters to commanders , described a violent minority who murdered , raped and tortured with impunity .
Abuses were not confined to a few rogue units , a Times review of the files found .
They were uncovered in every Army division that operated in Vietnam .
Retired Brig . Gen. John H. Johns , a Vietnam veteran who served on the task force , says he once supported keeping the records secret but now believes they deserve wide attention in light of alleged attacks on civilians and abuse of prisoners in Iraq .
“ We ca n’t change current practices unless we acknowledge the past , ” says Johns , 78 .
Among the substantiated cases in the archive :
 Seven massacres from 1967 through 1971 in which at least 137 civilians died .
 Seventy - eight other attacks on noncombatants in which at least 57 were killed , 56 wounded and 15 sexually assaulted .
 One hundred forty - one instances in which U.S. soldiers tortured civilian detainees or prisoners of war with fists , sticks , bats , water or electric shock .
Investigators determined that evidence against 203 soldiers accused of harming Vietnamese civilians or prisoners was strong enough to warrant formal charges .
These “ founded ” cases were referred to the soldiers ’ superiors for action .
Ultimately , 57 of them were court - martialed and just 23 convicted , the records show .
Fourteen received prison sentences ranging from six months to 20 years , but most won significant reductions on appeal .
The stiffest sentence went to a military intelligence interrogator convicted of committing indecent acts on a 13 - year - old girl in an interrogation hut in 1967 .
He served seven months of a 20 - year term , the records show .
Many substantiated cases were closed with a letter of reprimand , a fine or , in more than half the cases , no action at all .
There was little interest in prosecuting Vietnam war crimes , says Steven Chucala , who in the early 1970s was legal advisor to the commanding officer of the Army ’s Criminal Investigation Division .
He says he disagreed with the attitude but understood it .
“ Everyone wanted Vietnam to go away , ” says Chucala , now a civilian attorney for the Army at Ft. Belvoir in Virginia .
In many cases , suspects had left the service .
The Army did not attempt to pursue them , despite a written opinion in 1969 by Robert E. Jordan III , then the Army ’s general counsel , that ex-soldiers could be prosecuted through courts - martial , military commissions or tribunals .
“ I do n’t remember why it did n’t go anywhere , ” says Jordan , now a lawyer in Washington .
Top Army brass should have demanded a tougher response , says retired Lt. Gen. Robert G. Gard , who oversaw the task force as a brigadier general at the Pentagon in the early 1970s .
“ We could have court - martialed them but did n’t , ” Gard says of soldiers accused of war crimes .
“ The whole thing is terribly disturbing . ”
Early - Warning System
By then , Gen. William C. Westmoreland , commander of U.S. forces in Vietnam at the time of My Lai , had become Army chief of staff .
A task force was assembled from members of his staff to monitor war crimes allegations and serve as an early - warning system .
Over the next few years , members of the Vietnam War Crimes Working Group reviewed Army investigations and wrote reports and summaries for military brass and the White House .
The records were declassified in 1994 , after 20 years as required by law , and moved to the National Archives in College Park , Md. , where they went largely unnoticed .
The Times examined most of the files and obtained copies of about 3,000 pages — about a third of the total — before government officials removed them from the public shelves , saying they contained personal information that was exempt from the Freedom of Information Act .
In addition to the 320 substantiated incidents , the records contain material related to more than 500 alleged atrocities that Army investigators could not prove or that they discounted .
Johns says many war crimes did not make it into the archive .
Some were prosecuted without being identified as war crimes , as required by military regulations .
Others were never reported .
In a letter to Westmoreland in 1970 , an anonymous sergeant described widespread , unreported killings of civilians by members of the 9th Infantry Division in the Mekong Delta — and blamed pressure from superiors to generate high body counts .
“ A batalion [ sic ] would kill maybe 15 to 20 [ civilians ] a day .
With 4 batalions in the brigade that would be maybe 40 to 50 a day or 1200 to 1500 a month , easy , ” the unnamed sergeant wrote .
“ If I am only 10 % right , and believe me it ’s lots more , then I am trying to tell you about 120 - 150 murders , or a My Lay [ sic ] each month for over a year . ”
A high - level Army review of the letter cited its “ forcefulness , ” “ sincerity ” and “ inescapable logic , ” and urged then - Secretary of the Army Stanley R. Resor to make sure the push for verifiable body counts did not “ encourage the human tendency to inflate the count by violating established rules of engagement . ”
Investigators tried to find the letter writer and “ prevent his complaints from reaching ” then - Rep. Ronald V. Dellums ( D - Oakland ) , according to an August 1971 memo to Westmoreland .
The records do not say whether the writer was located , and there is no evidence in the files that his complaint was investigated further .
Pvt. Henry
He had been living with his mother in Sonoma County , working as a hospital aide and moonlighting as a flower child in Haight - Ashbury , when he received a letter from his draft board .
As thousands of hippies poured into San Francisco for the upcoming “ Summer of Love , ” Henry headed for Ft. Polk , La .
Soon he was on his way to Vietnam , part of a 100,000 - man influx that brought U.S. troop strength to 485,000 by the end of 1967 .
They entered a conflict growing ever bloodier for Americans — 9,378 U.S. troops would die in combat in 1967 , 87 % more than the year before .
Henry was a medic with B Company of the 1st Battalion , 35th Infantry , 4th Infantry Division .
He described his experiences in a sworn statement to Army investigators several years later and in recent interviews with The Times .
In the fall of 1967 , he was on his first patrol , marching along the edge of a rice paddy in Quang Nam province , when the soldiers encountered a teenage girl .
“ The guy in the lead immediately stops her and puts his hand down her pants , ” Henry said .
“ I just thought , ‘ My God , what ’s going on ? ’ ”
A day or two later , he saw soldiers senselessly stabbing a pig .
“ I talked to them about it , and they told me if I wanted to live very long , I should shut my mouth , ” he told Army investigators .
Henry may have kept his mouth shut , but he kept his eyes and ears open .
On Oct. 8 , 1967 , after a firefight near Chu Lai , members of his company spotted a 12 - year - old boy out in a rainstorm .
He was unarmed and clad only in shorts .
“ Somebody caught him up on a hill , and they brought him down and the lieutenant asked who wanted to kill him , ” Henry told investigators .
Two volunteers stepped forward .
One kicked the boy in the stomach .
The other took him behind a rock and shot him , according to Henry ’s statement .
They tossed his body in a river and reported him as an enemy combatant killed in action .
Three days later , B Company detained and beat an elderly man suspected of supporting the enemy .
He had trouble keeping pace as the soldiers marched him up a steep hill .
“ When I turned around , two men had him , one guy had his arms , one guy had his legs and they threw him off the hill onto a bunch of rocks , ” Henry ’s statement said .
On Oct. 15 , some of the men took a break during a large - scale “ search - and - destroy ” operation .
Henry said he overheard a lieutenant on the radio requesting permission to test - fire his weapon , and went to see what was happening .
He found two soldiers using a Vietnamese man for target practice , Henry said .
They had discovered the victim sleeping in a hut and decided to kill him for sport .
“ Everybody was taking pot shots at him , seeing how accurate they were , ” Henry said in his statement .
Back at base camp on Oct. 23 , he said , members of the 1st Platoon told him they had ambushed five unarmed women and reported them as enemies killed in action .
Later , members of another platoon told him they had seen the bodies .
Tet Offensive
In the midst of the fighting , on Feb. 7 , the commander of the 1st Battalion , Lt. Col. William W. Taylor Jr. , ordered an assault on snipers hidden in a line of trees in a rural area of Quang Nam province .
Five U.S. soldiers were killed .
The troops complained bitterly about the order and the deaths , Henry said .
The next morning , the men packed up their gear and continued their sweep of the countryside .
Soldiers discovered an unarmed man hiding in a hole and suspected that he had supported the enemy the previous day .
A soldier pushed the man in front of an armored personnel carrier , Henry said in his statement .
“ They drove over him forward which did n’t kill him because he was squirming around , so the APC backed over him again , ” Henry ’s statement said .
Then B Company entered a hamlet to question residents and search for weapons .
That ’s where Henry set down his weapon and lighted a cigarette in the shelter of a hut .
A radio operator sat down next to him , and Henry was listening to the chatter .
He heard the leader of the 3rd Platoon ask Reh for instructions on what to do with 19 civilians .
“ The lieutenant asked the captain what should be done with them .
The captain asked the lieutenant if he remembered the op order ( operation order ) that came down that morning and he repeated the order which was ‘ kill anything that moves , ’ ” Henry said in his statement .
“ I was a little shook because I thought the lieutenant might do it . ”
Henry said he left the hut and walked toward Reh .
He saw the captain pick up the phone again , and thought he might rescind the order .
Then soldiers pulled a naked woman of about 19 from a dwelling and brought her to where the other civilians were huddled , Henry said .
“ She was thrown to the ground , ” he said in his statement .
“ The men around the civilians opened fire and all on automatic or at least it seemed all on automatic .
It was over in a few seconds .
There was a lot of blood and flesh and stuff flying around .
“ I looked around at some of my friends and they all just had blank looks on their faces .
The captain made an announcement to all the company , I forget exactly what it was , but it did n’t concern the people who had just been killed .
We picked up our stuff and moved on . ”
Henry did n’t forget , however .
“ Thirty seconds after the shooting stopped , ” he said , “ I knew that I was going to do something about it . ”
Homecoming
When Henry finished his tour and arrived at Ft. Hood , Texas , in September 1968 , he went to see an Army legal officer to report the atrocities he ’d witnessed .
The officer advised him to keep quiet until he got out of the Army , “ because of the million and one charges you can be brought up on for blinking your eye , ” Henry says .
Still , the legal officer sent him to see a Criminal Investigation Division agent .
The agent was not receptive , Henry recalls .
“ He wanted to know what I was trying to pull , what I was trying to put over on people , and so I was just quiet .
I told him I would n’t tell him anything and I would n’t say anything until I got out of the Army , and I left , ” Henry says .
Honorably discharged in March 1969 , Henry moved to Canoga Park , enrolled in community college and helped organize a campus chapter of Vietnam Veterans Against the War .
Then he ended his silence :
He published his account of the massacre in the debut issue of Scanlan ’s Monthly , a short - lived muckraking magazine , which hit the newsstands on Feb. 27 , 1970 .
Henry held a news conference the same day at the Los Angeles Press Club .
Records show that an Army operative attended incognito , took notes and reported back to the Pentagon .
A faded copy of Henry ’s brief statement , retrieved from the Army ’s files , begins :
“ On February 8 , 1968 , nineteen ( 19 ) women and children were murdered in Viet - Nam by members of 3rd Platoon , ‘ B’ Company , 1st Battalion , 35th Infantry .
“ Incidents similar to those I have described occur on a daily basis and differ one from the other only in terms of numbers killed , ” he told reporters .
A brief article about his remarks appeared inside the Los Angeles Times the next day .
Army investigators interviewed Henry the day after the news conference .
His sworn statement filled 10 single - spaced typed pages .
Henry did not expect anything to come of it : “ I never got the impression they were ever doing anything . ”
In 1971 , Henry joined more than 100 other veterans at the Winter Soldier Investigation , a forum on war crimes sponsored by Vietnam Veterans Against the War .
The FBI put the three - day gathering at a Detroit hotel under surveillance , records show , and Nixon administration officials worked behind the scenes to discredit the speakers as impostors and fabricators .
Although the administration never publicly identified any fakers , one of the organization ’s leaders admitted exaggerating his rank and role during the war , and a cloud descended on the entire gathering .
“ We tried to get as much publicity as we could , and it just never went anywhere , ” Henry says .
“ Nothing ever happened . ”
After years of dwelling on the war , he says , he “ finally put it in a closet and shut the door . ”
The Investigation
Witnesses described the killing of the young boy , the old man tossed over the cliff , the man used for target practice , the five unarmed women , the man thrown beneath the armored personnel carrier and other atrocities .
Their statements also provided vivid corroboration of the Feb. 8 , 1968 , massacre from men who had observed the day ’s events from various vantage points .
Staff Sgt. Wilson Bullock told an investigator at Ft. Carson , Colo. , that his platoon had captured 19 “ women , children , babies and two or three very old men ” during the Tet offensive .
“ All of these people were lined up and killed , ” he said in a sworn statement .
“ When it , the shooting , stopped , I began to return to the site when I observed a naked Vietnamese female run from the house to the huddle of people , saw that her baby had been shot .
She picked the baby up and was then shot and the baby shot again . ”
Gregory Newman , another veteran of B Company , told an investigator at Ft. Myer , Va. , that Capt .
Reh had issued an order “ to search and destroy and kill anything in the village that moved . ”
Newman said he was carrying out orders to kill the villagers ’ livestock when he saw a naked girl head toward a group of civilians .
“ I saw them begging before they were shot , ” he recalled in a sworn statement .
Donald R. Richardson said he was at a command post outside the hamlet when he heard a platoon leader on the radio ask what to do with 19 civilians .
“ The cpt said something about kill anything that moves and the lt on the other end said ‘ Their [ sic ] moving , ’ ” according to Richardson ’s sworn account .
“ Just then the gunfire was heard . ”
William J. Nieset , a rifle squad leader , told investigators that he was standing next to a radio operator and heard Reh say : “ My instructions from higher are to kill everything that moves . ”
Robert D. Miller said he was the radio operator for Lt. Johnny Mack Carter , commander of the 3rd Platoon .
Miller said that when Carter asked Reh what to do with the 19 civilians , the captain instructed him to follow the “ operation order . ”
Carter immediately sought two volunteers to shoot the civilians , Miller said under oath .
“ I believe everyone knew what was going to happen , ” he said , “ so no one volunteered except one guy known only to me as ‘ Crazy . ’ ”
“ A few minutes later , while the Vietnamese were huddled around in a circle Lt Carter and ‘ Crazy ’ started shooting them with their M - 16’s on automatic , ” Miller ’s statement says .
Carter had just left active duty when an investigator questioned him under oath in Palmetto , Fla. , in March 1970 .
“ I do not recall any civilians being picked up and categorically stated that I did not order the killing of any civilians , nor do I know of any being killed , ” his statement said .
An Army investigator called Reh at Ft. Myer .
Reh ’s attorney called back .
The investigator made notes of their conversation : “ If the interview of Reh concerns atrocities in Vietnam then he had already advised Reh not to make any statement . ”
As for Lt. Col .
Taylor , two soldiers described his actions that day .
Myran Ambeau , a rifleman , said he was standing five feet from the captain and heard him contact the battalion commander , who was in a helicopter overhead .
( Ambeau did not identify Reh or Taylor by name . )
“ The battalion commander told the captain , ‘ If they move , shoot them , ’ ” according to a sworn statement that Ambeau gave an investigator in Little Rock , Ark .
“ The captain verified that he had heard the command , he then transmitted the instruction to Lt Carter .
“ Approximately three minutes later , there was automatic weapons fire from the direction where the prisoners were being held . ”
Gary A. Bennett , one of Reh ’s radio operators , offered a somewhat different account .
He said the captain asked what he should do with the detainees , and the battalion commander replied that it was a “ search and destroy mission , ” according to an investigator ’s summary of an interview with Bennett .
Bennett said he did not believe the order authorized killing civilians and that , although he heard shooting , he knew nothing about a massacre , the summary says .
Bennett refused to provide a sworn statement .
An Army investigator sat down with Taylor at the Army War College in Carlisle , Pa . Taylor said he had never issued an order to kill civilians and had heard nothing about a massacre on the date in question .
But the investigator had asked Taylor about events occurring on Feb. 9 , 1968 — a day after the incident .
Three and a half years later , an agent tracked Taylor down at Ft. Myer and asked him about Feb .
8 . Taylor said he had no memory of the day and did not have time to provide a sworn statement .
He said he had a “ pressing engagement ” with “ an unidentified general officer , ” the agent wrote .
Investigators wrote they could not find Pvt. Frank Bonilla , the man known as “ Crazy . ”
The Times reached him at his home on Oahu in March .
Bonilla , now 58 and a hotel worker , says he recalls an order to kill the civilians , but says he does not remember who issued it .
“ Somebody had a radio , handed it to someone , maybe a lieutenant , said the man do n’t want to see nobody standing , ” he said .
Bonilla says he answered a call for volunteers but never pulled the trigger .
“ I could n’t do it .
There were women and kids , ” he says .
“ A lot of guys thought that I had something to do with it because they saw me going up there .
Nope I just turned the other way .
It was like , ‘ This ai n’t happening . ’ ”
Afterward , he says , “ I remember sitting down with my head between my knees .
Is that for real ?
Someone said , ‘ Keep your mouth shut or you ’re not going home . ’ ”
He says he does not know who did the shooting .
The Outcome
Evidence showed that the massacre did occur , the report said .
The investigation also confirmed all but one of the other killings that Henry had described .
The one exception was the elderly man thrown off a cliff .
Coulson said it could not be determined whether the victim was alive when soldiers tossed him .
The evidence supported murder charges in five incidents against nine “ subjects , ” including Carter and Bonilla , Coulson wrote .
Those two carried out the Feb. 8 massacre , along with “ other unidentified members of their element , ” the report said .
Investigators determined that there was not enough evidence to charge Reh with murder , because of conflicting accounts “ as to the actual language ” he used .
But Reh could be charged with dereliction of duty for failing to investigate the killings , the report said .
Coulson conferred with an Army legal advisor , Capt .
Robert S. Briney , about whether the evidence supported charges against Taylor .
They decided it did not .
Even if Taylor gave an order to kill the Vietnamese if they moved , the two concluded , “ it does not constitute an order to kill the prisoners in the manner in which they were executed . ”
The War Crimes Working Group records give no indication that action was taken against any of the men named in the report .
Briney , now an attorney in Phoenix , says he has forgotten details of the case but recalls a reluctance within the Army to pursue such charges .
“ They thought the war , if not over , was pretty much over .
Why bring this stuff up again ? ” he says .
Years Later
Reh , who left active duty in 1978 and now lives in Northern California , declined to be interviewed by The Times .
Carter , a retired postal worker living in Florida , says he has no memory of his combat experiences .
“ I guess I ’ve wiped Vietnam and all that out of my mind .
I do n’t remember shooting anyone or ordering anyone to shoot , ” he says .
He says he does not dispute that a massacre took place .
“ I do n’t doubt it , but I do n’t remember .
Sometimes people just snap . ”
Henry was re-interviewed by an Army investigator in 1972 , and was never contacted again .
He drifted away from the antiwar movement , moved north and became a logger in California ’s Sierra Nevada foothills .
He says he had no idea he had been vindicated — until The Times contacted him in 2005 .
Last fall , he read the case file over a pot of coffee at his dining room table in a comfortably worn house , where he lives with his wife , Patty .
“ I was a wreck for a couple days , ” Henry , now 59 , wrote later in an e-mail .
“ It was like a time warp that put me right back in the middle of that mess .
Some things long forgotten came back to life .
Some of them were good and some were not .
“ Now that whole stinking war is back .
After you left , I just sat in my chair and shook for a couple hours .
A slight emotional stress fracture ??
Do n’t know , but it soon passed and I decided to just keep going with this business .
If it was right then , then it still is . ”
Times researcher Janet Lundblad contributed to this report .
*
About this report
Nick Turse is a freelance journalist living in New Jersey .
Deborah Nelson is a staff writer in The Times ’ Washington bureau .
This report is based in part on records of the Vietnam War Crimes Working Group filed at the National Archives in College Park , Md . The collection includes 241 case summaries that chronicle more than 300 substantiated atrocities by U.S. forces and 500 unconfirmed allegations .
The archive includes reports of war crimes by the 101st Airborne Division ’s Tiger Force that the Army listed as unconfirmed .
The Toledo Blade documented the atrocities in a 2003 newspaper series .
Turse came across the collection in 2002 while researching his doctoral dissertation for the Center for the History and Ethics of Public Health at Columbia University .
Turse and Nelson also reviewed Army inspector general records in the National Archives ; FBI and Army Criminal Investigation Division records ; documents shared by military veterans ; and case files and related records in the Col.
Henry Tufts Archive at the University of Michigan .
A selection of documents used in preparing this report can be found at latimes.com / vietnam .
​ Due to the enormous profits made possible by marijuana prohibition , Mexican drug gangs are taking over U.S. public land to grow cannabis , using smuggled immigrants to cultivate the plants .
Pot has been grown on public lands for decades , report Alicia A. Caldwell and Manuel Valdes of the Associated Press , but Mexican cartels have taken clandestine cannabis cultivation to a whole new level , using armed guards and trip wires to secure grow operations containing tens of thousands of plants .
“ Just like the Mexicans took over the methamphetamine trade , they ’ve gone to mega , monster gardens , ” said Brent Wood , supervisor for the California Department of Justice ’s Bureau of Narcotics Enforcement .
Wood claimed the Mexican traffickers have “ supersized ” the marijuana trade .
Each year between 2004 and 2008 , local , state and federal law enforcement agents found a million more pot plants than the year before .
Authorities claim an estimated 75 to 90 percent of the new marijuana farms can be linked to Mexican drug gangs .
In 2008 alone , according to the federal Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) , officers across the country seized or destroyed 7.6 million marijuana plants from about 20,000 outdoor plots .
Growing cannabis in the United States saves traffickers the risk and expense of smuggling the pot across the border and allows the cartels to produce their crops closer to local markets .
Distribution also becomes less risky , AP reports .
Once the pot is harvest and dried on the clandestine farms , cartels can drive it to major cities , where it is distributed among street dealers and sold along with Mexican - grown weed .
One of the only risks to the Mexican growers , according to experts , is the possibility of a stray hiker or hunter stumbling across a hidden field .
All of the sites are in remote plots , far from the eyes of law enforcement .
Mexican cartel plots can often be distinguished from those of domestic - based pot growers , who usually cultivate much smaller fields with no security measures .
Some of the fields tied to drug gangs have as many as 75,000 plants .
AP says that Sequoia National Forest in central California is “ covered in a patchwork of pot fields ” hidden along mountain creeks and streams , away from hiking trails .
It ’s much the same situation in nearby parks like Yosemite and Redwood national parks .
News reports claim that many of the plots are “ encircled with crude explosives ” and “ are patrolled by guards armed with AK - 47s . ”
Moyses Mesa Barajas had just arrived in eastern Washington state from the Mexican state of Michoacan when he was approached to work in a pot field .
He said he was taken almost immediately to a huge crop hidden in the Wenatchee National forest , where he managed the watering of the plants .
Barajas was arrested in 2008 on a raid and sentenced to more than six years in federal prison .
Several other men fled before police could grab them .
“ I thought it would be easy , ” he told the AP in a prison interview .
“ I did n’t think it would be a big crime . ”
Vast amounts of marijuana are still smuggled into the United States from Mexico .
Federal officials report busts of hundreds or thousands of pounds almost every day at the border .
But drug agents say the boom in domestic growing is a sign of diversification .
The United Nations special investigator for human rights in North Korea says the country 's government has created a pervasive " State of Fear , " which strips the population of all rights and freedoms .
The investigator , whose mandate ends in June , has just submitted a report to the UN Human Rights Council , which takes stock of the situation in North Korea during the past six years .
The UN Investigator , Vitit Muntarbhorn , presents a bleak assessment of the human - rights situation in North Korea .
During the past six years , he says he has witnessed numerous harrowing and horrific abuses perpetrated against the population .
" Such as public executions , such as all kinds of malpractices in prison against women , asylum seekers , collective punishment , torture , etc. of which there are many , many reports , " said Vitit Muntarbhorn .
Muntarbhorn says government policies are distorted in favor of militarization and the ruling elite .
He says the government uses food to keep control over the people and to make them dependent on the state .
He says there has been a general decline in health care and education .
He says children are forced to plow fields , cultivate poppy and engage in other slave - like work .
The UN investigator says he has interviewed scores of women , children and men who have sought refuge in South Korea .
He says the stories he has heard are terrible , particularly those related by women .
" The majority of the interviewees , scores and scores that I had access to , have been women who have been through various , multiple traumas along the way , " he said .
" Trafficked , smuggled , having to pay US $ 3,000 , promised to pay upon arrival in the final destination country .
Sometimes they are tortured , punished if sent back to the country of origin , then they leave again .
Sometimes they end up in forced marriage and they are trafficked again , smuggled again before they arrive in a destination country . "
The UN investigator says he has reports from different sources that indicate North Korea operates many huge camps for political prisoners and their families .
He says they often are held there in perpetuity .
He says many people die through hunger and slave labor , through brutality and atrocity .
A North Korean representative accuses the United States , Japan and the European Union of being behind this hostile report .
He says these countries are resorting to this despicable and sinister back - door approach to cover their own gross violations of human rights , such as the invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq .
More communities in the United States are turning trash into power .
Nationwide , the number of landfill gas projects , which convert methane gas from rotting garbage into power , jumped from 399 in 2005 to 519 last year , according to the Environmental Protection Agency .
To see a list of them , click here .
" There 's certainly an increasing interest in doing these projects , " says Rachel Goldstein , leader of EPA 's Landfill Methane Outreach Program , which provides technical help to develop them .
The projects power homes , buildings and vehicles .
Goldstein says they are popular because they control energy costs , limit odor and reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
As garbage decomposes , it creates gas that is half methane , which the EPA says has 20 times the global warming potential of carbon dioxide .
Instead of letting the gas escape into the air , these projects collect the gas and treat it so it can be used for electricity or upgraded to pipeline - grade gas .
President Obama , who is promoting wind , solar and nuclear power as ways to generate clean energy , has made Recovery Act funds available for the projects .
Landfill gas provides constant power and does n't " require the sun to shine or the wind to blow , " says Wes Muir of Waste Management , a Houston - based company that runs 115 of these projects and plans to have 160 to 170 by 2013 .
His company worked on a $ 15.5 million , partly state - funded project in Livermore , Calif. , that in November began producing 13,000 gallons of liquefied natural gas each day .
Another project last year , which cost $ 45 million , is generating enough power that the University of New Hampshire has cut its natural gas usage by 80 % , he said .
Other new efforts :
In Albany , Ga. , the Marine Corps Logistics Base is starting work this year on a project to produce 2 megawatts of electricity for on - site use .
In Anne Arundel County , Md. , construction is set to begin this summer on a landfill gas plant that will cost at least $ 5 million , $ 2.1 million of which will be federal stimulus funds .
" The federal grant was a key part of moving this project forward in a difficult economy , " county spokesman Dave Abrams says .
In Glendale , Ariz. , a public - private project began producing energy in January .
" We 're powering 750 homes , " says Jennifer Stein , city spokeswoman , adding it has given a " second life " to Glendale 's 37 - year - old landfill .
These projects are not without obstacles and controversy .
Large ones often cost millions of dollars , and environmental groups say they do not produce renewable power because their source — trash — is not renewable .
The Sierra Club opposes government subsidies for them , and the Natural Resources Defense Council ( NRDC ) prefers such incentives be directed at solar , wind and energy - efficiency efforts .
" We should n't be driving people to think it 's OK to landfill stuff , " says Nathanael Greene , director of NRDC 's renewable energy policy .
He says as many items as possible should be recycled so they do n't end up in landfills .
Even so , Greene says it 's better to do something with the gas .
" If you got it , " he says , " use it . "
The EPA 's mantra remains " reduce , reuse , recycle , " Goldstein says .
" We do n't encourage more landfills . "
She says the country , however , has to deal with the gas from its existing landfills .
Readers :
Are these projects a good idea ?
Distributed denial - of - service ( DDoS ) attacks are certainly nothing new .
Companies have suffered the scourge since the beginning of the digital age .
But DDoS seems to be finding its way back into headlines in the past six months , in thanks to some high - profile targets and , experts say , two important changes in the nature of the attacks .
The targets are basically the same -- private companies and government websites .
The motive is typically something like extortion or to disrupt the operations of a competing company or an unpopular government .
But the ferocity and depth of the attacks have snowballed , thanks in large part to the proliferation of botnets and a shift from targeting ISP connections to aiming legitimate - looking requests at servers themselves .
In fact , said Andy Ellis , CSO of Cambridge , Mass . - based Akamai Technologies , the botnets launching many of today 's DDoS attacks are so vast that those controlling them probably lost track of how many hijacked machines they control a long time ago .
( Listen to the full interview with Ellis in The Long , Strange Evolution of DDoS Attacks . )
Ellis has been watching the trend from a pretty good vantage point .
Many people use Akamai services without even realizing it .
The company runs a global platform with thousands of servers customers rely on to do business online .
The company currently handles tens of billions of daily Web interactions for such companies as Audi , NBC , and Fujitsu , and organizations like the U.S. Department of Defense and NASDAQ .
There 's rarely a moment -- if at all -- when an Akamai customer IS NOT under the DDoS gun .
" We see a lot less of the fire - and - forget malware - based attacks designed to bog down the machines that were infected , " Ellis said , referring to old - school worm attacks like Blaster , Mydoom and Code Red .
" Now the malware is used to hijack machines for botnets and the botnets themselves are used as the weapon . "
In the last year , Akamai has seen some of the largest DDoS attacks in recent memory , which Ellis described as " huge attacks of more than 120 gigabytes per second . "
If you are on the receiving end of that much punch , Ellis said , " It 's not a pleasant place to be . "
A massive attack last July 4 weekend was a good example of this .
In that onslaught , a botnet of some 180,000 hijacked computers hammered U.S. government Web sites and caused headaches for businesses in the U.S. and South Korea .
The attack started that Saturday , knocking out websites for the U.S. Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) and U.S. Department of Transportation ( DOT ) .
US Bancorp , the nation 's sixth - largest commercial bank , also took a direct hit .
Attackers have also targeted the likes of Google , Yahoo ! and Amazon.com .
Attacks against Google did n't last long , but when one considers that Google content accounts for about 5 percent of all Internet traffic , the prospect of more sustained attacks affecting some of the Internet 's biggest brands is sobering .
Paul Sop , CTO of Prolexic Technologies , has seen the botnet effect on DDoS attacks from his perch , where about 30 engineering staffers spend all their time studying the problem .
" We 've built an IP Reputation database that tracks non-spoofed IP addresses that attack our customers , and the list now tracks about 4 million infected computers , " he said .
" What is surprising is how many botnets there are , and how easy it is to build new ones . "
Increasingly , he said , his company is seeing layer - 7 attacks to HTTP , HTTPS , and DNS services .
These attacks do n't punish the user 's ISP connections .
Instead , they punish the servers and are far more difficult to identify and stop , especially as the individual bot behavior becomes less aggressive and tries to act like legitimate user traffic .
Most attacks his team observes can be best classified as competitive sabotage of corporate entities .
" In certain high - stakes markets like online gambling , which is very popular in Asia , there is fierce competition and quite a lot of DDoS , " he said .
" Politically - motivated attacks are becoming more popular and we 've protected many news and media outlets both large and small .
Usually it 's just a news item that foreign hackers find offensive , but sometimes , as in the case of the Democratic Voice of Burma , the attacks could be said to be more state sponsored , or at least , state approved . "
In a just - released report on botnet - generated DDoS attacks , Prolexic noted that attackers are quickly tweaking their botnets to make attack traffic look increasingly similar to legitimate , routine traffic .
" Instead of the huge burst of traffic that marks when an attack begins , traffic will begin to ramp up slowly as bots join the attack at random intervals with each bot varying its attack style , making it increasingly difficult to separate real users from bots , " the report said .
This story , " DDoS Attacks Are Back ( and Bigger Than Before ) " was originally published by CSO .
Ever since I discovered the DVD burning software ImgBurn I never looked back and have used it for all my CD and DVD burning tasks since .
ImgBurn supports all the operations that I require of a CD / DVD writing program , and then a bunch more that I use occasionally .
It may not be the easiest program to use , but once you get the hang out of it you are probably never going to change the program again .
ImgBurn was recently updated by the developer .
The new version is available at the developer 's websites .
Regular users of ImgBurn will notice some changes besides the updates to the program itself .
There are two adware related entries that might get installed during the installation of the DVD burning software if you are not carefully during the installation of it on your system
The program tries to place a Uniblue shortcut on the desktop and to install the Ask Toolbar .
Both of which can be unselected so that they are not installed .
Update :
The shortcut is not selected by default anymore , the toolbar on the other hand still is .
More problematic than those choices are three new entries in the Tools menu of the burning software that also lead to the Uniblue website .
Update :
The three shortcuts have been removed from the tools menu again .
These options do however not reduce the value of ImgBurn itself .
The developer has fixed more than a dozen bugs in the new version and added or changed dozens of other features as well .
Most of these new features and updates are under the hood and will likely not be recognized by most users .
The latest version of the DVD burning software ImgBurn can be downloaded from the developer 's website .
So , the only thing you need to do is to make sure that the toolbar does not get installed on your system , unless you want to use it that is .
Remember that you give back to the developer of the program if you install the toolbar .
Summary Article Name DVD Burning Software ImgBurn Updated .
Turns Adware Description
The latest version of the CD / DVD writing application ImgBurn for Windows devices ships with adware embedded in the installer .
Author Martin Brinkmann Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo
Advertisement
Went to a big Washington dinner last week .
You know the kind : Large hall ; black ties ; long dresses .
But this was no ordinary dinner .
There were 40 guests of honor .
So here ’s my Sunday news quiz : I ’ll give you the names of most of the honorees , and you tell me what dinner I was at .
Ready ?
Linda Zhou , Alice Wei Zhao , Lori Ying , Angela Yu - Yun Yeung , Lynnelle Lin Ye , Kevin Young Xu , Benjamin Chang Sun , Jane Yoonhae Suh , Katheryn Cheng Shi , Sunanda Sharma , Sarine Gayaneh Shahmirian , Arjun Ranganath Puranik , Raman Venkat Nelakant , Akhil Mathew , Paul Masih Das , David Chienyun Liu , Elisa Bisi Lin , Yifan Li , Lanair Amaad Lett , Ruoyi Jiang , Otana Agape Jakpor , Peter Danming Hu , Yale Wang Fan , Yuval Yaacov Calev , Levent Alpoge , John Vincenzo Capodilupo and Namrata Anand .
No , sorry , it was not a dinner of the China - India Friendship League .
Give up ?
O.K .
All these kids are American high school students .
They were the majority of the 40 finalists in the 2010 Intel Science Talent Search , which , through a national contest , identifies and honors the top math and science high school students in America , based on their solutions to scientific problems .
The awards dinner was Tuesday , and , as you can see from the above list , most finalists hailed from immigrant families , largely from Asia .
Indeed , if you need any more convincing about the virtues of immigration , just come to the Intel science finals .
I am a pro-immigration fanatic .
I think keeping a constant flow of legal immigrants into our country  whether they wear blue collars or lab coats  is the key to keeping us ahead of China .
Because when you mix all of these energetic , high - aspiring people with a democratic system and free markets , magic happens .
If we hope to keep that magic , we need immigration reform that guarantees that we will always attract and retain , in an orderly fashion , the world ’s first - round aspirational and intellectual draft choices .
The Golden Compass
In a parallel universe , young Lyra Belacqua journeys to the far North to save her best friend and other kidnapped children from terrible experiments by a mysterious organization .
ドメインが無効な状態です。
「 obscuregamespgh.com 」のページは、ドメインが無効な状態です。
ウェブサイト管理者の方はこちらから変更・更新を行ってください。
「 obscuregamespgh.com 」is Expired or Suspended .
The WHOIS is here .
Enlarge By Chip Clark , Jim DiLoreto , and Don Hurlbert , Smithsonian Institution Five fossil human skulls show how the shape of the face and braincase of early humans changed over the past 2.5 million years .
( from left to right : Australopithecus africanus , 2.5 million years old ; Homo rudolfensis , 1.9 million years old ; Homo erectus , ~ 1 million years old ; Homo heidelbergensis , ~350,000 years old ; Homo sapiens , ~ 4,800 years old )
WASHINGTON 
What could prompt a climate protest at a paleontology exhibit ?
The Smithsonian 's National Museum of Natural History saw this scenario , when Greenpeace protesters arrived Wednesday for the museum 's opening of a state - of - the - art $ 20.7 million " Hall of Human Origins , " exhibit .
" The guards told us they were expecting creationists , " says Greenpeace 's Kert Davies , instead of activists who were protesting co-funding of the permanent addition by oil billionaire David Koch .
Koch ( pronounced " coke " ) , a one - time Libertarian candidate for Vice - President , is prominent in circles opposing regulating greenhouse - gas emissions .
" We are not opposed to the Smithsonian , " Davies says .
" I hear the exhibit is fantastic . "
Fantastic it is .
A glittering time tunnel greets entrants with its portraits of early human species from the last 6 million years .
Throngs of visitors take turns pawing the real - scale model skulls of humanity 's ancestors , set on swivels at the entrances .
The exhibit is the Smithsonian 's effort to tell the story of human evolution , from the ape - like Sahelanthropus tchadensis to Homo sapiens .
Light and airy , with the wired - in feel of an Apple store ( terminals and gadgets abound ) instead of a stuffy cabinet of wonders , the exhibit features original artifacts such as the first Cro-Magnon man skull discovered , cast skeletons including Homo floresiensis ( a.k.a. " hobbits " ) and Homo erectus , interactive theaters and even a vividly - recreated " cave art " wall .
" They are using everything , " said curator and paleoanthropologist Rick Potts , buffeted by visitors on the exhibit 's second day .
A renowned paleontologist , Potts perhaps expected creationists as well , given about 39 % of U.S. adults overtly reject evolution , according to a 2006 study in the journal Science .
" We are a public institution , so we have to be responsive to the public , " Potts says .
" Our ' Broader Social Impacts Committee ' includes representatives from a broad range of viewpoints , from evangelical to atheist . "
Instead of lecturing , Potts says , the exhibit tries to lay out what science has found and let visitors reach their own conclusions .
" What Does It Mean To Be Human ? " asks the exhibit at its entrances , and in its companion book .
" Too many exhibits are just textbooks , defining natural selection and then variation in a sort of march , " Potts says .
" We want visitors to get an intuitive feel for the changes over time we see in artifacts and other evidence . "
So the exhibit walks visitors through the changing climate , environment , tools and proportions experienced by our predecessors on the planet , species like Homo erectus , from 1 million years ago , or Australopithecus afarensis , famed for the " Lucy " fossil from 3.3 million years ago .
The artist John Gurche , using forensic reconstruction methods , has created some wonderful lifelike reconstructions , complete with swirling fur and hair based off living ape and human patterns , throughout the exhibition .
" I 'm just staggered by the exhibition , " Gurche said , taking in the early visitors enjoying the sights .
Although , he confessed that as an artist he would have liked more dramatic lighting for some of his creations .
As for creationists ' take on the exhibit ?
" I have n't really paid too much attention to it , " says Ken Ham of Answers in Genesis , which runs the Creation Museum in Petersburg , Ky . Famed for its juxtaposition of people and dinosaurs , the museum promotes a literal reading of the Old Testament in its view of human and the Earth 's origins .
" I 'm amused how much the ( Smithsonian ) exhibit cost .
We built a whole museum for that much , " Ham says .
For anyone keeping score , the Smithsonian 's Hall of Human Origins measures 15,000 square feet and the Creation Museum encompasses 70,000 square feet of exhibits .
Warming to his topic , Ham called it " child abuse " for the Smithsonian to " promote the secularist view that people are just animals .
So , if you are an animal , you might as well do anything you want . "
The Smithsonian exhibit leaves it up to visitors to decide " what does it mean to be human , " Potts says , their views shared among museum - goers , who input their two cents on the computer terminals in the middle of the hall .
Potts may have expected more controversy over the exhibit 's inclusion of hobbits as a true human species .
Since the discovery of the pint - sized species on the Indonesian island of Flores in bones dating to about 17,000 years ago , some paleontologists have steadfastly derided them as diseased humans , rather than another extinct branch on the tree of life .
The journal Nature this week , reported that stone tools typical of early humans have turned up on Flores , dating to more than a million years ago .
" The evidence just continues to mount Homo floresiensis ( hobbits ) have the characteristics of a distinct species , " Potts says .
So if creationists and paleontologists are n't squabbling , why is Greenpeace mad about the $ 15 - million gift from Koch , that helped fund the exhibition ?
" One strain of climate science denial is the notion that climate has changed in the past and people evolved , so climate change is no big deal , " Davies says .
" That ignores the rapid speed of climate change today . "
So Greenpeace is worried that the exhibit showing humans evolved to adapt to slowly - changing climate in the past is a subterfuge for the argument that nothing should be done about the global warming now .
Birds , farms and the rest of the environment have felt the effects of climate change over just the last few decades , according to the United States Global Change Research Program , rather than millions of years that human ancestors saw with the expansion of arid grasslands in parts of East Africa .
A spokesperson for Koch Companies Public Sector LLC , Melissa Cohlmia , said David Koch was traveling Friday , and could n't comment on the protest .
" David Koch was not involved in any way in the development or review of content of any aspect of the human origins exhibition , the human origins initiative or any other Smithsonian Natural History Museum program .
Donors do not have input into the content of exhibitions , " said museum spokesman Randall Kremer , by email .
" More than 100 scientists and educators ( from 48 countries ) took part in planning the exhibition , " Potts says .
" All we want to do is showcase and demonstrate the changes that took place over time .
We ca n't put anyone 's philosophy on the wall . "
For now , anyone interested can see for themselves .
Incredibly enough , like all of the Smithsonian 's museums , entry to the National Museum of Natural History is free .
If you want to see the evidence for human evolution face - to - face , the Human Origins hall is the place to indulge that monkey - like curiosity .
How can I list files inside an RPM without installing it ?
Any deal we have to do with RPM files , we are going to use the rpm command .
Download the RPM file of which you would like to see the content , then follow this command :
# rpm - qlp package.rpm
For ex :
To list the files stored in zenon-0.5.0-7.fc12.i686.rpm
# rpm -qlp zenon-0.5.0-7.fc12.i686.rpm
Output :
/usr/bin/zenon
/usr/share/doc/zenon-0.5.0
/usr/share/doc/zenon-0.5.0/LICENSE
/usr/share/man/man5/zenon-format.5.gz
/usr/share/zenon
/usr/share/zenon/zenon_equiv.v
At the same time , we can use “ less ” also to get more details about the rpm and the files present inside it :
# less zenon-0.5.0-7.fc12.i686.rpm
Output :
URL : http://focal.inria.fr/zenon
Summary : Automated theorem prover for first - order classical logic
Description :
Zenon is an automated theorem prover for first order classical logic
with equality , based on the tableau method .
....
...
..
.
-rw-r--r-- 1 root root 1100 Jul 26 2008 /usr / share/man/man5/zenon-format.5.gz
drwxr - xr-x 2 root root 0 Sep 23 01:25 /usr/share/zenon
-rw -r--r-- 1 root root 3202 Sep 23 01:25 /usr/share/zenon/zenon.v
-rw -r--r-- 1 root root 6193 Sep 23 01:25 /usr/share/zenon/zenon_coqbool.v
-rw -r--r-- 1 root root 48076 Sep 23 01:25 /usr/share/zenon/zenon_equiv.v
So , This way works when you have the RPM package downloaded to your system but what when you have a package installed on your system and you would like to know what all files that package installed .
This can be done with this :
# rpm -ql package - name
So , if u like to know what all files is installed by zenon package , use this :
# rpm -ql zenon
Output :
/usr/bin/zenon
/usr/share/doc/zenon-0.5.0
/usr/share/doc/zenon-0.5.0/LICENSE
/usr/share/man/man5/zenon-format.5.gz
/usr/share/zenon
/usr/share/zenon/zenon_equiv.v
No related content found .
If you enjoyed this post , make sure you subscribe to my RSS feed !!!!
As a contestant on Survivor : Palau , blonde and beautiful nanny Jenn Lyon used her wit and engaging demeanor to survive for 37 of 39 days , finishing in fourth place .
Although she did n’t win the big prize , she did secure a lifetime of friendships – a reward that would comfort her in the years following the May 2005 finale , as she waged a five year battle with breast cancer .
That hard - fought struggle to survive ended Tuesday , when Lyon died at the age of 37 .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
“ She is the model of grace , and has been so brave , ” her fellow contestant , Ian Rosenberger , told PEOPLE earlier this month , at a Survivor 10 reunion .
Said Lyon : “ Survivor taught me there ’s an end in sight .
As hard as it is , it will be over , and you have to appreciate every day . ”
Felt Something Abnormal
It all began in the summer of 2004 , when she “ felt something in my right breast that did n’t feel normal , ” Lyon told PEOPLE in October 2005 .
“ I thought it was probably scar tissue related to my breast implants .
It was right along the ridge of the implant , so I let it go , and I let it go for a long time . ”
Asked why she delayed seeing a doctor , Lyon said , “ I did n’t have insurance , which is a big part of it .
And it really was n’t changing much .
But a year later , I felt another lump , and then I felt something under my armpit . ”
By Aug. 9 , 2005 , Lyon was diagnosed with stage III breast cancer .
Her older sister Kim , who was also a nanny , found her a surgeon , Dr. Kristi M. Pado , who performed a 5 - hour modified radical bilateral mastectomy later that month .
A few weeks after that , Lyon underwent breast reconstruction surgery .
“ It was a huge boost to my spirit , ” she said .
Began Chemo
Lyon then went home to The Dalles , Ore. , to face months of chemotherapy .
“ They are giving me the treatments that do cause hair loss and those kinds of things , ” Lyon said , “ but Survivor has helped me in every sense of the word .
Coby [ Archa , another contestant ] is going to come up and shave my head for me , and he ’s going to shave his , too ! ” ( As Archa remembered , “ With her family in her kitchen , I handed her the clippers and told her to shave mine first . ” )
Lyon ’s spirit was infectious , said Rosenberger : “ Through the chemo , the surgery , medications , and the months of waiting , and then the hoping , and the letdowns , and then the real sickness and the pain , where others get depressed , self - piteous , and dark , where others may give up hope , Jenn sparkled . ”
But Lyon ’s treatment was far from over .
“ The younger you are when you are diagnosed with cancer , the more aggressive that cancer tends to be , ” Dr. Pado told PEOPLE in 2005 , “ and the longer life you have ahead of you , the more likely it is that a cancer can come back . ”
For a year and a half after drug therapy following chemotherapy , Lyon seemed to be progressing .
“ I was basically clear , ” Lyon told PEOPLE in 2008 , “ but then my blood levels , my blood sugar markers , started going up , and they did some scans and found [ cancer ] in my bone , the backbone , which is a very common place for it to metastasize .
It ’s not all good news , unfortunately . ”
RELATED : Survivor : Palau Contestant Jennifer Lyon Dies at 37
Her Final Months
Yet as long as Lyon still had “ some sort of notoriety , ” she said , “ I will use it to help other people ” – and she did .
Last month , “ because the previous Christmas had been so rough , ” Jeff Probst said , “ she decided to open a Christmas tree lot so she could extend the holidays for as long as possible .
Then in typical Jenn fashion , she made the decision to donate profits to the Susan Love Cancer Research Foundation .
“ The tree lot was a major undertaking , yet there she was every day doing her part to try to raise money to make sure nobody else had to ever endure the same struggle . ”
Ten days before her death , friends and family surrounded Lyon at the Survivor 10 - year anniversary party in Los Angeles .
“ She looked absolutely stunning that night , ” Probst said .
“ Certainly a lot of that is because Jenn was always a beautiful woman , but there was a spirit inside her that was palpable .
It was clear to me that she knew this was a goodbye . ”
It was a fitting tribute , said sister Kim : “ Jenn would rather go to a Survivor party than anything else .
No matter how bad she was feeling .
She could always rally for that kind of a celebration . ”
[ Editor note : Mr. Lewis ’s musical parody , “ How I Was Not Al Gored Into Submission , ” released three weeks ago , has exceeded 20,000 views on YouTube . ]
“ Polluter - funded ” is the global warming movement ’s favorite pejorative to discredit anyone who questions the reality of a climate crisis or opposes their policy nostrums .
Google the term and you ’ll find about 18,300 sites where it appears .
“ Polluter - crafted ” brings up about 7,500 sites .
The warming lobby uses this buzzword to trash legislation they oppose , most recently Sen.
Lisa Murkowski’s resolution of disapproval , pursuant to the Congressional Review Act ( CRA ) , to stop EPA from dealing itself into a position to make climate policy – a power Congress never approved when it enacted the Clean Air Act .
Who are these “ polluters ” who craft and fund ?
Any big company that emits carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) because it supplies , refines , or combusts carbon - based ( fossil ) fuels .
CO2 ‘ Pollution ’ : A Rhetorical Trick
This is all a rhetorical trick .
Yes , CO2 is a “ greenhouse ” ( heat - absorbing ) gas .
However , water vapor ( H2O ) is also a greenhouse gas , yet nobody calls it “ air pollution . ”
Since 1975 , EPA has required automakers to install catalytic converters to clean up automobile exhaust .
The core function of these devices is to turn other substances into the aforementioned greenhouse gases , H2O and CO2 .
It would be nutty to say that catalytic converters pollute the air .
Carbon dioxide is an odorless , colorless trace gas that is non-toxic to humans and animals at more than 30 times ambient levels .
An essential plant nutrient , CO2 is the basic building block of the planetary food chain .
Plants raised in CO2 - enriched environments grow larger and faster , use water more efficiently , and are more resilient to environmental stresses such as drought and air pollution .
Since animals directly or indirectly depend on plants for food , CO2 emissions nourish the entire planetary biosphere .
Name another “ pollutant ” that does that !
But okay , for the sake of argument , let ’s stipulate that CO2 emissions are “ air pollution . ”
Some of the nation ’s biggest CO2 - emitters support the American Clean Energy and Security Act , the Waxman - Markey cap - and - trade bill .
Waxman - Markey supporter American Electric Power ( AEP ) is the nation ’s top CO2 - emitter , according to Benchmarking US Air Emissions ( 2006 ) , a joint report by Ceres , NRDC , and PSEG .
Duke Energy , which merged with Cinergy , is the nation ’s third - largest CO2 - emitter .
CEO Jim Rogers crowed about Duke ’s role in crafting Waxman - Markey shortly after the House passed it last June .
U.S. CAP–‘ Polluters ’
Too
Waxman - Markey arguably takes the cake in the industry - scripted bill category .
The U.S. Climate Action Partnership ( U.S. CAP ) , a coalition including some of the world ’s biggest corporations , outlined the bill ’s main provisions months before it was introduced in A Blueprint for Legislative Action : Consensus Recommendations for U.S. Climate Legislation ( January 2009 ) .
So is Waxman - Markey a “ polluter - crafted ” bill ?
And are recipients of campaign contributions from AEP , Duke , and other U.S. CAP member companies “ polluter - funded ” politicians ?
Yes , if you apply green “ logic ” without fear or favor .
A clarification is in order here .
Under federal election law , corporations may not directly give money to political candidates .
However , corporate employees and their family members as individuals are free to contribute up to certain specified amounts , as are corporate - affiliated political action committees ( PACs ) .
Moreover , corporate PACs , CEOs , and lobbyists may use a technique known as “ bundling ” ( see here and here ) to coordinate such contributions .
It is in this sense that corporations may be said to “ fund ” federal candidates .
The Web site OpenSecrets.org documents how much money AEP and corporate members of U.S. CAP gave to federal and state candidates in the 2007 - 2008 election cycle .
Nearly all of these companies contributed big bucks to the Barack Obama campaign : AES , $ 11,925 ; Alcoa , $ 14,413 ; Deere & Company , $ 18,450 ; AEP , $ 22,366 ; Dow Chemical , $ 26,313 ; Duke , $ 27,597 ; PGE , $ 28,134 ; Siemens , $ 42,046 ; Honeywell , $ 44,870 ; DuPont , $ 47,237 ; BP , $ 71,051 ; Pepsico , $ 78,073 ; Johnson & Johnson , $ 168,191 ; Exelon , $ 259,263 ; General Electric , $ 509,030 .
U.S. CAP member FPL did not contribute to the Obama campaign , but it gave $ 41,512 to GOP presidential candidate John McCain and $ 29,800 to Sen .
John Kerry – both long - time cap - and - trade advocates .
Similarly , U.S. CAP member NRG contributed nothing to Obama but gave $ 79,650 to cap - and - trade advocate Hillary Clinton .
Most of these firms are “ polluters ” as that term is used in Greenspeak .
PG&E boasts that it has “ among the lowest ” CO2 emissions of the nation ’s 100 largest electric generating companies .
That may be so .
Nonetheless , according to the Benchmarking report , in 2004 , PG&E emitted almost 1.5 million tons of CO2 ; some of its facilities undoubtedly emit at least 25,000 tons of CO2 annually — the “ major source ” threshold EPA proposes in its Tailoring Rule .
In 2004 , Exelon emitted 11.9 million tons of CO2 ; AES , 42 million tons ; and AEP , 163.9 million tons .
Duke currently emits about 100 million tons per year , according to Forbes .
Dow Chemical emitted 26.1 million tons of CO2 , according to the Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) .
The carbon footprints of BP and Shell Oil , which include all the CO2 emitted by consumers of their products , are gargantuan .
Ditto for former U.S. CAP member ConocoPhillips .
BP is so far from being “ beyond petroleum , ” that in 2007 its U.S. facilities alone produced 640,000 barrels per day of crude oil , according to EIA .
Shell ’s U.S. facilities produced 339,000 barrels per day ; ConocoPhillips ’ U.S. facilities , 373,000 barrels per day .
When combusted , a barrel of crude emits about 0.43 metric tons of CO2 .
So in the U.S. alone , BP ’s crude oil production was responsible for more than 100 million tons of CO2 ; Shell ’s , about 53 million tons ; and ConocoPhillips , about 58 million tons .
Emissions data for other U.S. CAP members are hard to find , but their carbon footprints are likely to be as big as their professions of environmental concern .
For example , Alcoa “ is the world ’s leading producer and manager of primary aluminum , fabricated aluminum and alumina facilities . ”
The smelting process used to produce aluminum emits CO2 and is also powered by electricity , most of which comes from CO2 - emitting fossil fuels .
Or consider Chrysler , another U.S. CAP member .
Chrysler recently boasted that its Environmental Leadership Award Program “ has led to reduced carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) output of approximately 370,000 tons ” – roughly equivalent “ to the annual CO2 output of four large manufacturing plants or 71,000 automobiles operating on the road . ”
Impressive !
However , even in 2009 , Chrysler ’s lowest sales volume year since 1962 , the company sold 931,000 vehicles , making it a major source of and contributor to CO2 emissions .
So there you have it .
The so - called American Clean Energy and Security Act is a “ polluter - crafted ” bill , and Barack Obama , the hope of Copenhagen , may well be the nation ’s number - one “ polluter - funded ” politician .
Climate Progress and Murkowski’s EPA Challenge
Climate Progress ( CP ) is leading the charge against the Murkowski bill as polluter - funded and - crafted , calling it “ The Dirty Air Act . ” CP claims former Bush EPA air administrator Jeffrey Holmstead helped Murkowski “ write her proposed amendment ” to block Clean Air Act regulation of CO2 “ last fall . ”
CP also says that Holmstead is a registered lobbyist for Bracewell and Guliani , and “ has lobbied for Amerern Corporation , an electric utility company ; Arch Coal , a coal producer ; and Duke Energy , an electrical utility company . ”
That all maybe correct , but it is false evidence for the smear CP is trying to paint on Murkowski ’s current legislative action .
Murkowski’s draft legislation “ last fall ” was an amendment to the Debt Ceiling bill .
It would have prohibited EPA from spending money to regulate CO2 from stationary sources .
Conceivably , industry lawyers could have “ crafted ” it .
But Murkowski’s CRA resolution of disapproval is a completely different animal .
Its form is fixed by the CRA itself .
A lawmaker seeking via the CRA to veto an agency action has one choice and one choice only — which rulemaking to insert into the blank space .
There is simply no room for “ crafting , ” whether by polluters or anyone else !
Note that CP names Duke Energy as one of the “ polluters ” that somehow taints Murkowski ’s CRA resolution and makes it “ dirty ” even though , as just explained , Duke had no role in “ crafting ” it .
Yet CP fiercely defends Waxman - Markey , which it calls “ the clean energy bill , ” even though Duke had an important role in “ crafting ” it .
Now there ’s consistency for you !
And would n’t you know , in 2007 - 2008 , Bracewell and Giuliani gave a bigger campaign contribution to Barack Obama ( $ 45,469 ) than to any other candidate for federal office except Rudolph Giuliani ( $ 113,700 ) , who kinda had the inside track .
So again , Barack Obama is “ polluter - funded ” if we ’re going to apply that term to Sen. Murkowski .
In the 2010 election cycle , Bracewell and Giuliani ’s PAC has contributed $ 1,000 to Sen. Murkowski — and $ 1,500 to Sen. Barbara Boxer ( D - CA ) , the Senate ’s leading advocate of cap - and trade .
So by CP ’s lights , Sen .
Boxer is “ polluter - funded . ”
Who else is “ polluter - funded ” ?
Alcoa donated $ 525,000 to World Resources Institute and $ 450,000 to Nature Conservancy in 2006 , and $ 200,000 to World Wildlife Fund in 2007 .
Dow Chemical gave $ 500,000 to Nature Conservancy in 2008 .
Shell Oil Company Foundation gave over $ 1 million to Nature Conservancy and several million to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation since 1999 .
AEP gave Audubon Ohio $ 500,000 in both 2007 and 2008 .
BP donated $ 600,000 to the Center for Clean Air Policy in both 2006 and 2007 .
All these environmental organizations are “ polluter - funded . ”
In short , many who trash free - market groups as “ polluter - funded ” or the Murkowski bill as “ polluter - crafted ” ( a complete calumny , as explained above ) , unwittingly accuse and condemn their own allies and policy proposals — maybe even their own organizations .
Several proverbial expressions leap to mind : hoist with their own petard , tarred with the same brush , the pot calling the kettle black , people in glass houses should n’t throw stones .
Conclusion
When will the sanctimony end ?
Alas , never .
Carl von Clausewitz famously observed that “ War is a mere continuation of policy by other means . ”
The converse is that policy ( or politics ) is the continuation of war by non-military means .
Politics and war aim at the same ends – liberty , wealth , empire ( power , dominion , control , etc. ) .
Unsurprisingly , “ by any means necessary ” is a warlike sentiment far from unknown in the political arena .
One such means is cultivating the appearance of piety by espousing and invoking an influential orthodoxy .
From time immemorial , partisans , rogues , and crooks have exploited public pieties to advance their ambitions .
Niccolò Machiavelli went so far as to imply that a successful prince must be a pious fraud if “ the times ” call for it .
Environmentalism is one of the most influential orthodoxies of our time .
It ’s no surprise then that sanctimony abounds in environmental politics .
The good news is that unmasking sanctimony is also good politics .
Greener - than - thou is as off - putting as holier - than - thou , especially when exposed as pretense , hypocrisy , and partisan cant .
Deflating our faux moral betters will never go out of style — it ’s just too damn much fun .
Tom Volk 's Fungus of the Month for March 2001
This month 's fungus is Phytophthora infestans , cause of late blight of potato and the Irish potato Famine
For the rest of my pages on fungi , please click http://TomVolkFungi.net
Phytophthora swimming zoospores escaping from a zoosporangium
Copyright © 2001 by Tom Volk .
Please do not link to this video without permission .
Video digitized by Chrissy Harbin of La Crosse , Wisconsin , with additional editing by Rob Tyser
This is not time lapse video , but normal speed .
The video is about 15 seconds of a 26 - minute tape I made with Diane Derouen in Madison in 1994 .
I have larger and longer digitized versions of this , but they 're much too big to put online .
Note the zoospores squeezing out of the exit papilla at the top of the zoosporangium , then swimming around .
Please wait for the video to load -- it is about 232 kB .
You can scroll down and read the page while you 're waiting .
If you do n't see anything in the above space , you may need an upgrade to your plugin .
To get the free Apple QuickTime4 player , click here .
You may have to reboot your browser to see the video after instaling QuickTime .
This movie is not a talkie .
This is my first digital video online , and I 'm hesitant to put it up because I can't get it to work on every computer I 've tried -- although I 've succeeded on more than 75 % .
You might have to update your plugins to get it to work .
If you have helpful suggestions please let me know , but please do n't write just to tell me it does n't work -- I do n't know enough about this to help you .
Thanks for your patience .
Here 's an alternate page without the video .
Crack boffins in Kansas have exposed a new scourge sweeping US universities : that of male students being routinely handed savage thrashings by their co-ed girlfriends , and not in a cheery consensual S&M - hijinks sort of way , either .
" In our growing - up years , we teach boys not hit their sister , but we do n't teach girls not to hit their brother , " said Sandra Stith , who is a professor of " family studies and human services " .
The prof says that the stereotypical image of boy - girl violence suggests that the male is always the perpetrator , but that this is far from the case at American universities .
" We need to address female violence , too , " she said .
" We need to say that when you 're in a relationship with someone you care about , you do n't hit and you do n't kick . "
Apparently scuffling among college boys and girls in America " is more likely to involve shoving and pushing by both men and women " than in similar cases involving married couples off campus .
Binge drinking is said to be a big factor too .
America 's two - fisted , grog - swilling female students also apparently have a double standard when it comes to drinking and alcoholism .
Their own thirsty , aggressive habits are characterised as " just partying and participating in normal college life " , but if an older adult behaved in the same way they would be seen as having problems .
" I think they might be normalizing their aggressive behaviors , too , " says Stith .
" They may think that when they 're drinking and get angry and she slaps him and he grabs her , that it 's not domestic violence .
They may think that domestic violence is what happens in married people 's lives . "
It was n't immediately apparent , but we feel sure that videogames and movies such as Tomb Raider , Charlie 's Angels , Barbie and the Three Musketeers etc must be to blame in some way .
There 's more from Kansas uni here . ®
It 's a disquieting thing , when one sees four - star general officers thinking that they need to be more proactive and outgoing about their advice on foreign policy and national security issues .
It 's not that they are n't smart people and do n't have good ideas - far from it .
They can be very clear thinkers , if not a little impatient with the pace of Beltway politics .
For instance , we discover that General David Petraeus is suggesting to the White House that Israel 's politics are endangering US military personnel and the chances of their success in stabilizing the region .
On Jan. 16 , two days after a killer earthquake hit Haiti , a team of senior military officers from the U.S. Central Command ( responsible for overseeing American security interests in the Middle East ) , arrived at the Pentagon to brief Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm.
Michael Mullen on the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
The team had been dispatched by CENTCOM commander Gen.
David Petraeus to underline his growing worries at the lack of progress in resolving the issue .
The 33 - slide , 45 - minute PowerPoint briefing stunned Mullen .
The briefers reported that there was a growing perception among Arab leaders that the U.S. was incapable of standing up to Israel , that CENTCOM 's mostly Arab constituency was losing faith in American promises , that Israeli intransigence on the Israeli - Palestinian conflict was jeopardizing U.S. standing in the region , and that Mitchell himself was ( as a senior Pentagon officer later bluntly described it ) " too old , too slow ... and too late . "
Without getting into a heated political discussion about Israel 's aggressive and untempered national security policies , I 'll just note two things .
First , for someone to notice that Israel 's behavior over the last decade has been unhelpful is not exactly a relevation .
It 's something that I noted in 2005 , and as a commenter notes , retired General Zinni also noted .
The road to stabilize Iraq and the Middle East region in general runs through Jerusalem , and until Congress stops letting AIPAC write US foreign policy , it 's not going to get fixed .
Second , there was Petraeus 's suggestion that Israel be placed within US Central Command 's area of responsibility instead of within US European Command , as it has been for decades .
He feels , as do others , that this is the logical thing to do , so one can tackle the larger thorny issue of Israeli - Arab relations instead of just managing military issues within the Arab / Persian countries .
He 's absolutely wrong , if only because the Israeli - Arab issue is intensely political and not ( currently ) a military issue .
Life and death are seldom logical , even as one requires logic to attain a desired goal .
It 's certainly not an issue that a military officer , even a four - star , can attempt to solve within the three - to - four year term that one has as a combatant commander .
Military affairs are subordinate to political strategy , and Petraeus oversteps his authority by suggesting this approach .
And while we 're on the subject , other general officers who feel that the US government ought to keep combat troops in Iraq past August for the sake of stability operations ought to be more cognizant of the political overtones of that suggestion .
For a culture who worships Clausewitz , it 's as if they do n't quite get the concept of military operations being an extension of politics .
Sometimes it appears that our military leaders ' grasp of national strategy is lacking .
But then again , I suppose one could say that about political leaders , also .
A charity has condemned the parents of a four - year - old boy who accepted money from a man who sexually abused him instead of reporting him to the police .
Gerard Raffell , 42 , a teacher who lived in Daventry , Northamptonshire , agreed to pay £ 18,000 to the boy 's parents .
He was eventually arrested when the boy told of the attacks four years later .
Peter Saunders , of the National Association of People Abused in Childhood ( Napac ) , said : " We are flabbergasted - it goes beyond belief . "
Raffell was sentenced to a three - year community sentence at Northampton Crown Court after pleading guilty to causing the boy to engage in sexual activity and seven counts of possessing indecent images of children .
I do n't know of any parent who would put a sum of money before bringing the abuser of their child to justice
Peter Saunders , Napac
He was also placed on the sex offenders register for 10 years and banned from ever working with children .
Mr Saunders told BBC Radio 5 live 's Gabby Logan show : " This judge has let a man walk free who has sexually abused a child on many occasions - other children will still be at risk from this man .
" Those parents should have been brought before the court for something because it is outrageous - they discovered their child was being abused and did nothing about it .
" How bizarre - go away , give us some money and go off and abuse children elsewhere .
" The consequences of abuse are profound , they are long standing , they are deeply deeply damaging to the individual .
" I do n't know of any parent who would put a sum of money before bringing the abuser of their child to justice .
It 's incomprehensible . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A spokesperson for the Crown Prosecution Service said : " Gerard Raffell was initially charged with three counts of attempted rape and four counts of causing or inciting a boy under 13 to engage in sexual activity .
" At a plea and case management hearing , the defence indicated the defendant would be prepared to plead guilty to four counts of causing or inciting a boy under 13 to engage in sexual activity .
" In accepting this plea this young victim was spared the ordeal of giving evidence in court .
" This was explained to and accepted by the family . "
A spokesman for Northamptonshire County Council said it could not comment on the case in detail .
He added : " We can confirm that the council acted swiftly as soon as this issue came to us as a result of the police investigation to identify the needs of the child involved and respond appropriately . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Where would you like to hire a car ?
Save time and money .
We compare the offers of car rental companies on your behalf .
Search for Car hire Pick - up Enter city or airport code Drop off at a different location ?
Drop - off Search rental car
Our History A Passion for Discovery , a History of Scientific Achievement
Brookhaven National Laboratory was established in 1947 on the eastern end of Long Island at the former site of the U.S. Army ’s Camp Upton .
Originally built out of a post - World War II desire to explore the peaceful applications of atomic energy , the Laboratory now has a broader mission : to perform basic and applied research at the frontiers of science , including nuclear and high - energy physics ; physics and chemistry of materials ; nanoscience ; energy and environmental research ; national security and nonproliferation ; neurosciences ; structural biology ; and computational sciences .
Over its history , Brookhaven Lab has housed three research reactors , numerous one - of - a- kind particle accelerators , and other cutting - edge research facilities responsible for discoveries leading to many advances for science and society as well as seven Nobel Prizes .
i might out of spite to everyone else , message you the file after i upload it to megaupload , since you were kindest ....
no but really , its uploading as it types , link in a few minutes .
Click to expand ...
Life remains basic for many southern Sudanese
The number of people needing food aid in south Sudan has quadrupled in a year to more than four million , the UN's World Food Programme says .
The WFP wants to ensure the people have enough food to last until their next harvest in October .
Southern Sudan 's agriculture minister Samson Kwaje blamed the surge on internal conflict and drought .
The region is recovering from a two - decade civil war and remains one of the least developed parts of the world .
Although the civil war with the north ended in 2005 , some 2,500 people died in conflicts between rival communities in Southern Sudan last year - far more than in Darfur , the UN says .
Cash shortfall
Since the end of the war , millions of former refugees have returned home to start their lives again from scratch .
The BBC's Peter Martell , in the southern capital , Juba , says the situation in the region is grim .
And many in the south fear that tensions will rise further in the run-up to elections in April , our correspondent says , potentially putting even more people at risk .
The WFP is preparing thousands of tonnes of food to feed some of the millions it fears will be cut off when the rains start .
But the organisation also says it remains more than $ 480 m ( £ 300 m ) short of the food aid needed for Sudan .
Mr Kwaje - who said the WFP 's figures represented half of the region 's population - blamed the rising hunger on conflicts between rival ethnic groups .
But he also blamed incursions by the Lord 's Resistance Army - a feared guerrilla army originally based in Uganda but now marauding across several countries .
The new WFP figures come from an annual assessment in which some 2,000 people across Southern Sudan were asked about what food they ate and where it came from .
The WFP's Leo van der Velden said : " This spike in the number of hungry people in Southern Sudan comes just ahead of the rainy season when roads become blocked and communities are cut off from food assistance . "
As well as preparing for the first national multi-party elections in 24 years , Southern Sudan is also due to vote in an independence referendum next year .
SUDAN'S STRUGGLING SOUTH Southern Sudan All Sudan
Population : 7.5 m to 9.7 m Population : 42.2 m Area : 640,000 sq km Area : 2.5 m sq km Maternal mortality : 1,700 deaths per 100,000 births Maternal mortality : 1,107 deaths per 100,000 births Access to clean water : 50 % Access to clean water : 70 % Life expectancy : 42 years Life expectancy : 58.92 years Sources : CIA , UN , UNFPA
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
OUR PURPOSE — FOR THE KIDS ®
THON is a student - run philanthropy committed to enhancing the lives of children and families impacted by childhood cancer .
Our mission is to provide emotional and financial support , spread awareness , and ensure funding for critical research — all in pursuit of a cure .
Our yearlong efforts culminate in a 46 - hour dance marathon .
Penguin UK unveiled a peek at its upcoming plans for iPad formatted e-books , and we have to say , they 're really taking the whole interactive experience trip and running with it .
If you take a look at the big P's video presentation ( which is embedded after the break ) , you 'll spy a lot of noisy interactive games targeted at children , the innards of the human body laid bare on the screen taking text books to the next , less boring level , plus a vampire novel with an " online community for vampire lovers " built right in .
On the whole , it seems like Penguin 's vision for its books moving forward is less about ... books , and more about ... not books .
Still , we seriously can't wait to see the company 's iPad version of The Diary of Virginia Woolf .
Full , semi-educational video is after the break .
While walking the dog today , my mind wandered and I found myself thinking about nutrient absorption .
I ’d just had lunch ( leftover roast pork from yesterday ) and some veggies and salad including rocket ( a type of lettuce ) .
My girlfriend dished it up and all I had to do was add a drizzle of olive oil to the rocket before serving .
I like the taste and texture of olive oil on salad leaves .
However , there is another reason for adding oil to salad – it enhances the absorption of so - called carotenoid nutrients .
See here for more on this .
Thinking about this as I walked the dog got me thinking about other nutrients .
If someone supplements with nutrients , say , what factors might affect absorption ?
I generally advise individuals who take vitamin and mineral supplements to take them with food .
My rationale is that supplements are more likely to be ‘ digested ’ and nutrients absorbed when the digestive tract is in the throes of digesting and absorbing food .
It suddenly occurred to me to look to see if there was any research on this .
A cursory search of the literature did not immediately reveal anything noteworthy regarding the absorption of nutrients generally , but I did find one interesting study that caught my eye .
It concerned the absorption of one particular nutrient – vitamin D [ 1 ] .
It piqued my interest partly because vitamin D appears to be such an important nutrient .
But also , I ’m taking it myself , in an effort to optimise my vitamin D levels .
This study focused on a group of individuals who were taking 1000 – 50,000 IUs of vitamin D ( that ’s not a typo , this upper dose is indeed fifty thousand IUs ) each day as part of the medical management advised at a bone clinic in the US .
Mean levels of vitamin D at the start of the study were 30.5 ng/ml ( 76 nmol / l ) .
This level of vitamin D would generally be considered ‘ sub- optimal ’ .
In an effort to boost absorption of vitamin D , individuals were asked to take their vitamin D supplements with the largest meal of the day .
After 2 - 3 months , vitamin D levels were checked again .
At the end of the study period , vitamin D levels had risen to an average of 47.2 ng/ ml ( 118 nmol /l ) – an average increase in vitamin D levels of about 57 per cent .
This study is somewhat hampered by the fact that it lacked a control group – in this case a group of individuals who continued to take their vitamin D ‘ normally ’ ( not , explicitly , at the biggest meal of the day ) .
It ’s possible , for instance , that the individuals in this study got , say , more sun exposure during the study and it is this that accounted for the rise in vitamin D levels .
Nevertheless , it seems sensible , I think , for individuals who are currently supplementing with vitamin D to take this with their largest evening meal .
It does n’t cost anything , and may provide supplementers with more bang for their buck .
References :
1. Mulligan GB , et al .
Taking vitamin D with the largest meal improves absorption and results in higher serum levels of 25 - hydroxyvitamin D. J Bone Miner Res. 8th February 2010 [ epud ahead of print publication ]
Four in 10 U.S. voters say they would be very ( 19 % ) or somewhat likely ( 24 % ) to vote for Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin for president in 2012 .
After her resignation last week , 70 % say their views of Palin have not changed and 53 % describe media coverage of her as “ unfairly negative . ”
Tl ;dr : Since it can be cheap and easy to attack everything your tribe does n't believe , you should n't trust the rationality of just anyone who slams astrology and creationism ; these beliefs are n't just false , they 're also non-tribal among educated audiences .
Test what happens when a " skeptic " argues for a non-tribal belief , or argues against a tribal belief , before you decide they 're good general rationalists .
This post is intended to be reasonably accessible to outside audiences .
I do n't believe in UFOs .
I do n't believe in astrology .
I do n't believe in homeopathy .
I do n't believe in creationism .
I do n't believe there were explosives planted in the World Trade Center .
I do n't believe in haunted houses .
I do n't believe in perpetual motion machines .
I believe that all these beliefs are not only wrong but visibly insane .
If you know nothing else about me but this , how much credit should you give me for general rationality ?
Certainly anyone who was skillful at adding up evidence , considering alternative explanations , and assessing prior probabilities , would end up disbelieving in all of these .
But there would also be a simpler explanation for my views , a less rare factor that could explain it : I could just be anti-non - mainstream .
I could be in the habit of hanging out in moderately educated circles , and know that astrology and homeopathy are not accepted beliefs of my tribe .
Or just perceptually recognize them , on a wordless level , as " sounding weird " .
And I could mock anything that sounds weird and that my fellow tribesfolk do n't believe , much as creationists who hang out with fellow creationists mock evolution for its ludicrous assertion that apes give birth to human beings .
You can get cheap credit for rationality by mocking wrong beliefs that everyone in your social circle already believes to be wrong .
It would n't mean that I have any ability at all to notice a wrong belief that the people around me believe to be right , or vice versa - to further discriminate truth from falsity , beyond the fact that my social circle does n't already believe in something .
Back in the good old days , there was a simple test for this syndrome that would get quite a lot of mileage :
You could just ask me what I thought about God .
If I treated the idea with deeper respect than I treated astrology , holding it worthy of serious debate even if I said I disbelieved in it , then you knew that I was taking my cues from my social surroundings - that if the people around me treated a belief as high - prestige , high - status , I would n't start mocking it no matter what the state of evidence .
On the other hand suppose I said without hesitation that my epistemic state on God was similar to my epistemic state on psychic powers : no positive evidence , lots of failed tests , highly unfavorable prior , and if you believe it under those circumstances then something is wrong with your mind .
Then you would have heard a bit of skepticism that might cost me something socially , and that not everyone around me would have endorsed , even in educated circles .
You would know it was n't just a cheap way of picking up cheap points .
Today the God - test no longer works , because some people realized that the taking - it - seriously aura of religion is in fact the main thing left which prevents people from noticing the epistemic awfulness ; there has been a concerted and , I think , well - advised effort to mock religion and strip it of its respectability .
The upshot is that there are now quite wide social circles in which God is just another stupid belief that we all know we do n't believe in , on the same list with astrology .
You could be dealing with an adept rationalist , or you could just be dealing with someone who reads Reddit .
And of course I could easily go on to name some beliefs that others think are wrong and that I think are right , or vice versa , but would inevitably lose some of my audience at each step along the way - just as , a couple of decades ago , I would have lost a lot of my audience by saying that religion was unworthy of serious debate .
( Thankfully , today this outright dismissal is at least considered a respectable , mainstream position even if not everyone holds it . )
I probably wo n't lose much by citing anti-Artificial - Intelligence views as an example of undiscriminating skepticism .
I think a majority among educated circles are sympathetic to the argument that brains are not magic and so there is no obstacle in principle to building machines that think .
But there are others , albeit in the minority , who recognize Artificial Intelligence as " weird - sounding " and " sci-fi " , a belief in something that has never yet been demonstrated , hence unscientific - the same epistemic reference class as believing in aliens or homeopathy .
( This is technically a demand for unobtainable evidence .
The asymmetry with homeopathy can be summed up as follows : First :
If we learn that Artificial Intelligence is definitely impossible , we must have learned some new fact unknown to modern science - everything we currently know about neurons and the evolution of intelligence suggests that no magic was involved .
On the other hand , if we learn that homeopathy is possible , we must have learned some new fact unknown to modern science ; if everything else we believe about physics is true , homeopathy should n't work .
Second :
If homeopathy works , we can expect double - blind medical studies to demonstrate its efficacy right now ; the absence of this evidence is very strong evidence of absence .
If Artificial Intelligence is possible in theory and in practice , we can't necessarily expect its creation to be demonstrated using current knowledge - this absence of evidence is only weak evidence of absence . )
I 'm using Artificial Intelligence as an example , because it's a case where you can see some " skeptics " directing their skepticism at a belief that is very popular in educated circles , that is , the nonmysteriousness and ultimate reverse - engineerability of mind .
You can even see two skeptical principles brought into conflict - does a good skeptic disbelieve in Artificial Intelligence because it's a load of sci - fi which has never been demonstrated ?
Or does a good skeptic disbelieve in human exceptionalism , since it would require some mysterious , unanalyzable essence - of - mind unknown to modern science ?
It 's on questions like these where we find the frontiers of knowledge , and everything now in the settled lands was once on the frontier .
It might seem like a matter of little importance to debate weird non-mainstream beliefs ; a matter for easy dismissals and open scorn .
But if this policy is implemented in full generality , progress goes down the tubes .
The mainstream is not completely right , and future science will not just consist of things that sound reasonable to everyone today - there will be at least some things in it that sound weird to us .
( This is certainly the case if something along the lines of Artificial Intelligence is considered weird ! )
And yes , eventually such scientific truths will be established by experiment , but somewhere along the line - before they are definitely established and everyone already believes in them - the testers will need funding .
Being skeptical about some non-mainstream beliefs is not a fringe project of little importance , not always a slam - dunk , not a bit of occasional pointless drudgery - though I can certainly understand why it feels that way to argue with creationists .
Skepticism is just the converse of acceptance , and so to be skeptical of a non-mainstream belief is to try to contribute to the project of advancing the borders of the known - to stake an additional epistemic claim that the borders should not expand in this direction , and should advance in some other direction instead .
This is high and difficult work - certainly much more difficult than the work of mocking everything that sounds weird and that the people in your social circle do n't already seem to believe .
To put it more formally , before I believe that someone is performing useful cognitive work , I want to know that their skepticism discriminates truth from falsehood , making a contribution over and above the contribution of this - sounds - weird - and - is - not - a - tribal - belief .
In Bayesian terms , I want to know that p( mockery |belief false & not a tribal belief ) > p( mockery |belief true & not a tribal belief ) .
If I recall correctly , the US Air Force 's Project Blue Book , on UFOs , explained away as a sighting of the planet Venus what turned out to actually be an experimental aircraft .
No , I do n't believe in UFOs either ; but if you 're going to explain away experimental aircraft as Venus , then nothing else you say provides further Bayesian evidence against UFOs either .
You are merely an undiscriminating skeptic .
I do n't believe in UFOs , but in order to credit Project Blue Book with additional help in establishing this , I would have to believe that if there were UFOs then Project Blue Book would have turned in a different report .
And so if you 're just as skeptical of a weird , non-tribal belief that turns out to have pretty good support , you just blew the whole deal - that is , if I pay any extra attention to your skepticism , it ought to be because I believe you would n't mock a weird non-tribal belief that was worthy of debate .
Personally , I think that Michael Shermer blew it by mocking molecular nanotechnology , and Penn and Teller blew it by mocking cryonics ( justification : more or less exactly the same reasons I gave for Artificial Intelligence ) .
Conversely , Richard Dawkins scooped up a huge truckload of actual - discriminating - skeptic points , at least in my book , for not making fun of the many - worlds interpretation when he was asked about in an interview ; indeed , Dawkins noted ( correctly ) that the traditional collapse postulate pretty much has to be incorrect .
The many - worlds interpretation is n't just the formally simplest explanation that fits the facts , it also sounds weird and is not yet a tribal belief of the educated crowd ; so whether someone makes fun of MWI is indeed a good test of whether they understand Occam 's Razor or are just mocking everything that 's not a tribal belief .
Of course you may not trust me about any of that .
And so my purpose today is not to propose a new litmus test to replace atheism .
But I do propose that before you give anyone credit for being a smart , rational skeptic , that you ask them to defend some non-mainstream belief .
And no , atheism does n't count as non-mainstream anymore , no matter what the polls show .
It has to be something that most of their social circle does n't believe , or something that most of their social circle does believe which they think is wrong .
Dawkins endorsing many - worlds still counts for now , although its usefulness as an indicator is fading fast ... but the point is not to endorse many - worlds , but to see them take some sort of positive stance on where the frontiers of knowledge should change .
Do n't get me wrong , there 's a whole crazy world out there , and when Richard Dawkins starts whaling on astrology in " The Enemies of Reason " documentary , he is doing good and necessary work .
But it 's dangerous to let people pick up too much credit just for slamming astrology and homeopathy and UFOs and God .
What if they become famous skeptics by picking off the cheap targets , and then use that prestige and credibility to go after nanotechnology ?
Who will dare to consider cryonics now that it 's been featured on an episode of Penn and Teller 's " Bullshit " ?
On the current system you can gain high prestige in the educated circle just by targeting beliefs like astrology that are widely believed to be uneducated ; but then the same guns can be turned on new ideas like the many - worlds interpretation , even though it 's being actively debated by physicists .
And that 's why I suggest , not any particular litmus test , but just that you ought to have to stick your neck out and say something a little less usual - say where you are not skeptical ( and most of your tribemates are ) or where you are skeptical ( and most of the people in your tribe are not ) .
I am minded to pay attention to Robyn Dawes as a skillful rationalist , not because Dawes has slammed easy targets like astrology , but because he also took the lead in assembling and popularizing the total lack of experimental evidence for nearly all schools of psychotherapy and the persistence of multiple superstitions such as Rorschach ink - blot interpretation in the face of literally hundreds of experiments trying and failing to find any evidence for it .
It 's not that psychotherapy seemed like a difficult target after Dawes got through with it , but that , at the time he attacked it , people in educated circles still thought of it as something that educated people believed in .
It 's not quite as useful today , but back when Richard Feynman published " Surely You 're Joking , Mr. Feynman " you could pick up evidence that he was actually thinking from the fact that he disrespected psychotherapists as well as psychics .
I 'll conclude with some simple and non-trustworthy indicators that the skeptic is just filling in a cheap and largely automatic mockery template :
The " skeptic " opens by remarking about the crazy true believers and wishful thinkers who believe in X , where there seem to be a surprising number of physicists making up the population of those wacky cult victims who believe in X .
( The physicist - test is not an infallible indicator of rightness or even non-stupidity , but it 's a filter that rapidly picks up on , say , strong AI , molecular nanotechnology , cryonics , the many - worlds interpretation , and so on . )
Bonus point losses if the " skeptic " remarks on how easily physicists are seduced by sci- fi ideas .
The reason why this is a particularly negative indicator is that when someone is in a mode of automatically arguing against everything that seems weird and is n't a belief of their tribe - of rejecting weird beliefs as a matter of naked perceptual recognition of weirdness - then they tend to perceptually fill - in - the - blank by assuming that anything weird is believed by wacky cult victims ( i.e. , people Not Of Our Tribe ) .
And they do n't backtrack , or wonder otherwise , even if they find out that the " cult " seems to exhibit a surprising number of people who go around talking about rationality and / or members with PhDs in physics .
Roughly , they have an automatic template for mocking weird beliefs , and if this requires them to just swap in physicists for astrologers as gullible morons , that 's what they 'll do .
Of course physicists can be gullible morons too , but you should be establishing that as a surprising conclusion , not using it as an opening premise !
The " skeptic " offers up items of " evidence " against X which are not much less expected in the case that X is true than in the case that X is false ; in other words , they fail to grasp the elementary Bayesian notion of evidence .
I do n't believe that UFOs are alien visitors , but my skepticism has nothing to do with all the crazy people who believe in UFOs - the existence of wacky cults is not much less expected in the case that aliens do exist , than in the case that they do not .
( I am skeptical of UFOs , not because I fear affiliating myself with the low - prestige people who believe in UFOs , but because I do n't believe aliens would ( a ) travel across interstellar distances AND ( b ) hide all signs of their presence AND THEN ( c ) fly gigantic non-nanotechnological aircraft over our military bases with their exterior lights on . )
The demand for unobtainable evidence is a special case of the above , and of course a very common mode of skepticism gone wrong .
Artificial Intelligence and molecular nanotechnology both involve beliefs in the future feasibility of technologies that we can't build right now , but ( arguendo ) seem to be strongly permitted by current scientific belief , i.e. , the non-ineffability of the brain , or the basic physical calculations which seem to show that simple nanotechnological machines should work .
To discard all the arguments from cognitive science and rely on the knockdown argument " no reliable reporter has ever seen an AI ! " is blindly filling in the template from haunted houses .
The " skeptic " tries to scare you away from the belief in their very first opening remarks : for example , pointing out how UFO cults beat and starve their victims ( when this can just as easily happen if aliens are visiting the Earth ) .
The negative consequences of a false belief may be real , legitimate truths to be communicated ; but only after you establish by other means that the belief is factually false - otherwise it's the logical fallacy of appeal to consequences .
They mock first and counterargue later or not at all .
I do believe there 's a place for mockery in the war on dumb ideas , but first you write the crushing factual counterargument , then you conclude with the mockery .
I 'll conclude the conclusion by observing that poor skepticism can just as easily exist in a case where a belief is wrong as when a belief is right , so pointing out these flaws in someone 's skepticism can hardly serve to establish a positive belief about where the frontiers of knowledge should move .
Next month , pubs and licensed clubs in England and Wales will have to make free tap water available to their drinking customers .
This requirement is being imposed by the Home Office on 6 April in a new code of practice on alcohol retailing - despite the fact that another government department described it as a " disproportionate " act of excessive regulation which will provide " more meat & drink to the Daily Mail " .
( One can only assume that the Daily Mail does not survive on a diet of free tap water ) .
The differences of opinion between government departments have been revealed by a freedom - of - information request from the BBC .
The new Home Office measure is backed by the Department of Health , but it was opposed by the Department for Culture , Media and Sport , and by the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs .
The DoH says it backs the idea " as this allows customers to moderate their alcohol intake , should they so choose " .
But after the Home Office ran a consultative exercise on the code last year , the DCMS objected to the inclusion of the free - tap - water proposal , partly on the basis that it " veers into the health objective territory and is therefore inappropriate for the code " .
The DCMS wanted this requirement deleted , arguing as follows :
" DELETE : not proportionate - we need to see evidence that this is necessary , especially given that refusal could lead to loss of licence etc .
Do publicans really often refuse to provide water to customers who have purchase [ sic ] and consumed any kind of drink or food ?
There are also laws to stop the sale of alcohols to drunks and purchase on behalf of them etc , so this measure , in effect , is unnecessary and veers into the health objective territory and is therefore in appropriate for the code .
Finally , it would be unworkable for licensed public land as well .
There are hundreds of public spaces that have been licensed , in over 150 licensing authorities including village squares , parks farmers markets etc . "
Defra also objected to the suggestion that free tap water must be provided where it is available .
It saw the issue as a matter of proportionality in regulation , arguing :
" If for no other reason , ' where it is available ' makes this condition entirely disproportionate .
And is there really a problem here ?
Do pubs in practice refuse free tap water ?
Do people really end up drunk because free tap water was refused ( presuming that paid - for tap water was available ? ) .
This all sounds implausible - more meat & drink to the Daily Mail . "
However , the Home Office has pressed ahead despite the objections from DCMS and Defra .
The BBC obtained this material through an FOI request to the Department of Health , which originally turned it down but then conceded after an appeal from my colleague , Julia Ross , who argued that disclosure was in the public interest .
I 'm writing this up not because it is shocking or even surprising .
It 's perfectly reasonable for government departments to have different viewpoints , even if this is normally hidden from public view under the guise of " collective responsibility " .
Nor is it strange that the DoH prioritises health factors and the Home Office focuses on crime reduction , while other departments with other responsibilities emphasize the interests of the catering and entertainment industries .
But it is interesting that the DoH - eventually - agreed that this could be revealed to the public without excessive damage to the future candour of policy discussions .
And it 's also very interesting for the extra light it sheds on how the inter - departmental consultative and decision - making process operates .
The Home Office document states ( paragraph 3.5 ) that the tap water proposal was unpopular with some retailers , but naturally does n't reveal that concerns also extended to officials in DCMS and Defra .
And for those analysts of the British machinery of government who like to regard individual departments as clients , captured by the interests it is their job to rule over , they may be pleased to see this one apparent example of their theory in practice .
( Apologies , by the way , for light blogging recently , which is connected to my other responsibilities at the BBC as the general election approaches . )
Update 1530 : In response to Guy Freeman ( comment 3 ) , here are the actual documents : letter and appendix .
News
2020-04-21 v1.14.0 released
2020 -02-07 Tahoe - LAFS
Summit at PyCon2020
2019 -09 - 24 Call for Python 3 Porters
2019 -07 -29 Call for Tahoe - LAFS testing assistance
2018 -12-28 Tahoe - LAFS engages a fiscal sponsor
2018-08-08 v1.13.0 released
2017-01-18 v1.12.1 released
2016-12-17 v1.12.0 released
2016 -11-08 The 2016 Tahoe Summit is held in San Francisco
2016-03-30 v1.11.0 released
2015-07-30 v1.10.2 released
2015-06-15 v1.10.1 released
2015 -04-07 —
Tahoe -LAFS featured on a usability blog : “ Why the command line is not usable ”
2014 -12-01 — " Least - Authority File System " is now renamed to " Least - Authority File Store " .
2014-07-10 — Zooko will be representing Tahoe - LAFS at the HOPE - X conference in New York City , July 18 – 20 , 2014 ; Come say Hi ! to Zooko and the other hackers hanging out at Noisy Square .
2014-06-17 —
We 're planning a Tahoe - LAFS Summit to be held in San Francisco , June 30
2014-06-05 — to celebrate “ Reset The Net ! ” day , LeastAuthority.com announced an upgrade and reduced price for their commercial Tahoe - LAFS service
2014-05 -20 — Linux Pro Magazine : “ Yet the times seem to be catching up to the project , and Tahoe - LAFS seems well - poised to provide the security and privacy that people are starting to expect in the cloud . ”
2014-02-02 —
Spam filtering has been enabled on this Trac — if you have any problems with false - positives , please report them on #tahoe - lafs .
`` What is often forgotten is that millions of Africans were disenfranchised by a system of state - managed repression , segregation and violence .
These masses sacrificed their lives and livelihoods to liberate the country and have the moral right to claim back their land .
This legitimate need to right the historical wrongs should never be confused with ZANU - PF ’s attempts to manipulate history for its own selfish interests . ''
By Grasian Mkodzongi
March 11 , 2010 -- Pambazuka News --
Zimbabwe ’s land issue has generated unprecedented debates both within and outside the country .
The debates , which followed the dramatic occupations of white farms by rural peasants in the late 1990s , are generally polarised between those who support radical land reform and those who support market - orientated reforms .
The former stand accused of supporting Mugabe ’s regime while the latter are generally maligned as neo-colonialists running a smear campaign against the ruling Zimbabwe AFrican National Union - Patriotic Frent ( ZANU - PF ) .
An unfortunate outcome of these polarities has been the trivialisation of the land issue ; land occupations have been depicted as simple acts of political gimmickry ; landless peasants who occupied these farms have been branded as agents of agrarian and environmental destruction , and are often considered to be in service to the " evil " regime of Robert Mugabe .
Some academics have even gone as far as branding the whole process of land occupations , and the violence associated with it , as an apocalyptic end of modernity .
In academia , supporters of radical land reform are generally in the minority ; this has made it extremely difficult to challenge the current neoliberal orthodoxy , which dominates land and agrarian reform policy making in many African countries .
The few scholars , who have openly challenged the " hostile " neoliberal approach to argue for radical land reform , including Sam Moyo , Paris Yeros and Mamood Mamdani , have often been accused of colluding with Mugabe ’s undemocratic regime .
Post - independence : white commercial farmers , black elite prosper
That Mugabe opportunistically used the land issue to boost his political legitimacy is an undeniable fact .
Indeed , the country ’s collective memory was conveniently manipulated to fit a set political agenda under guise of the " Third Chimurenga " project .
However , juxtaposed to Mugabe ’s gerrymandering and manipulation of historical memory is a reality that many critics of Mugabe have so far failed to address .
How can one justify the continued existence of a dualistic land ownership structure decades after independence , in a country whose struggle for liberation crystallised around the land issue ?
How could such an unjust and medieval property ownership structure be permanently sustained in a country where 60 per cent of the population depends on land for their livelihoods ?
Another paradox of Zimbabwe ’s independence is the extent to which white farmers emerged unscathed by the raging fires of the liberation struggle .
Zimbabwe ’s negotiated settlement , which led to independence in 1980 , left white farmers constitutionally protected .
Like Royal game , they held the entire nation at ransom thanks to Lord Carrington , who secured their private property and political rights before handing over a poisoned state to the blacks .
Mugabe ’s reconciliatory rhetoric that dominated the early years of independence led to the general belief among white Rhodesians that independence was " business as usual " , with many whites continuing to enjoy colonial era privileges and existing in white enclaves .
In the so - called " new Zimbabwe " , white commercial farmers continued to dominate the commercial farming sector , a key strategic sector given the largely agrarian nature of Zimbabwe ’s economy .
This gave them leverage over government policy , which they used to secure their large estates from potential forceful acquisition .
Above all , they voted for Ian Smith ’s exclusively white Rhodesian Front political party ; a mockery of the ideals of a " united nation " propounded by Mugabe ’s nationalist administration .
On the other hand , the peasantry in remote rural locations continued to eke out a living on degraded patches of barren land , waiting for the " promised " land that was at the core of the liberation struggle .
However , such promises failed to materialise ; macroeconomic policies favoured landed capitalists and black elites based in cities that generally enjoyed the patronage of senior politicians .
A result of the above was that most of the land " recovered " by the government was diverted to ZANU - PF loyalists through patronage networks .
Why then do many people decry the land invasions if history shows that peasants were the major losers at independence ?
Given Zimbabwe ’s history , one wonders why white farmers were allowed to sell land back to the government after 1980 instead of helping to contribute to the land reform program as a form of reparations for the violence and plunder suffered by many Africans during the colonial era .
After all , most of the large farms were acquired under unjust and illegal terms .
Justice would have been better served if after securing independence , Mugabe ’s government had thrown away the 1979 Lancaster House Constitution in favour of a just constitution based on the country ’s historical experiences .
Why hang on to a constitution , which promoted the interests of the very people that supported the wanton destruction of African livelihoods , and the merciless bombing of civilians at Nyadzonya , which to this day have never been fully accounted for .
This would have allowed an unfettered land reform program that was cognisant of our past and righted the wrongful misdeeds of a few .
Instead , a dithering elitist government failed to deliver one of the most precious prizes of our independence : the land .
For if so many people died at Chimoio , Nyadzonya and in many operational zones , how could their souls rest in peace if independence only resulted in the perpetuation of the status quo ?
Why could we as a sovereign nation in the interest of morality and justice not say to Britain and other world nations that so many people died for this land , all they want is a fair share of their heritage ? ’
Is that not a modest demand given our history ?
Mugabe ’s rhetoric on land should be given serious consideration , however he should also be held accountable for failing to stand up against neocolonial tactics that led to unnecessary delays in recovering stolen property and for presiding over a patrimonial system which helped to marginalise a large section of the population .
Much of the socialist rhetoric that appears in the country ’s Transitional Development Plan ( TDP ) was never put into practice , instead an ahistorical Land Reform and Resettlement Programme ( LRRP ) was adopted .
This policy , much influenced by Britain and other agents of Western capitalism , left too much leverage with white farmers who were able to dictate the pace of the land reform program , and in the process , distort land markets to their advantage .
The result was that the LRRP was too expensive to sustain for a postcolonial government with limited resources .
Moreover , those who were " chosen " for resettlement were given land unfavorable to agriculture with limited support in terms of infrastructure and farming inputs .
Mugabe ’s government , like its colonial predecessor , was reluctant to extend full property rights to the beneficiaries of the LRRP and instead opted to allow resettled farmers to occupy land under insecure permits while at the same time allowing white farmers to continue owning their land on a more secure freehold basis .
This perpetuated a system of insecure property rights in communal areas that had been created during the colonial era within the so - called " communal tenure " system .
History ignored
An analysis of the arguments against radical land reform reveals a chronic failure by both journalists and academics to provide a balanced overview of the Zimbabwean land issue ; the causal factors of landlessness steeped in the country ’s history are often ignored .
There is a tendency to confuse the land issue with Mugabe ’s political expediency and in the process the baby is thrown away with the bath water .
The genuine need for land , which is reflected in many rural areas across the country , is simply dismissed as Mugabe ’s political posturing .
What is often forgotten is that not very long ago millions of Africans were deliberately disenfranchised by a system of state - managed repression , segregation and violence .
It is these masses who sacrificed their lives and livelihoods to liberate the country and it is these masses who have the moral right to claim back their land .
This legitimate need to right the historical wrongs should never be confused with ZANU - PF ’s attempts to manipulate history for its own selfish interests .
What is also deeply disturbing about those who have argued against land invasions is their total disregard for the views of the poor and marginalised peasants who invaded these farms .
On the rare occasions when peasants are featured in short documentaries or academic articles , they are often depicted as barbaric savages attacking white farmers and ruining productive farms .
In contrast , white farmers have generally been given positive media coverage in the West – sentimental testimonials telling stories of loss and ruin , agricultural equipment destroyed and wildlife poached .
These stories are often accompanied by graphic images of dead wild animals , especially endangered species like rhinos and elephants .
This " sadistic " imagery has generated sympathy for white farmers , by portraying them as hard - working people who became victims of Robert Mugabe ’s " evil regime " .
The plight of many rural farmers who have struggled to survive since the country was liberated decades ago is generally overlooked .
They have no one to tell their stories of survival to , and local " native " intellectuals , generally far removed from the village , have failed to inform the world about the peasants ' precarious existence : landlessness , water shortages and disease .
Black peasantry misrepresented
What is often suggested in the studies of fly - past researchers is the notion that black peasants have an inherent lack of basic environmental knowledge and that they are incapable of feeding themselves .
Across Europe , ignorance about the historical background to Zimbabwe ’s land issue among ordinary people runs deep ; remarks about how the Zimbabwe government allowed unskilled rural farmers to occupy farms are commonplace .
The current food shortages facing the country are simply blamed on incompetent peasants taking over white farms .
It has become fashionable to project Zimbabwe as " a bread basket " before the land invasions and a " basket case " after land invasions .
This has helped to support the assumption that without white farmers the country could not feed itself .
What is often not mentioned is that the white farmer in Africa is generally an administrator ; he does not physically grow crops himself .
His black troops produce on his behalf .
However he gets the lion ’s share of the profits because he controls the means of production .
Moreover , it is easily forgotten that in the early years of colonial occupation in the 1890s , European settlers in Rhodesia survived on grain produced by Africans until The British South Africa Company ( BSAC ) deliberately destroyed a booming African agriculture in favour of promoting European agriculture after the so called " gold rush " proved to be largely false .
Against all odds , Africans have been feeding themselves even during the depression years of the 1930s when the colonial government introduced the Maize Control Act , which helped to distort the grain market in order to protect European farmers .
Apart from the above , there is another argument based on neoliberal thinking , which says that land reform was supposed to be carried out in an orderly way in order to harness " white skills " .
This , it is argued , would protect the productive potential of these farms .
The question is why did n’t these white farmers share their skills before the onset of the land invasions ?
How can one account for the poverty and dislocation of many farm workers who lost their livelihoods once a farmer decided they were no longer needed after many years of hard labour with minimum remuneration ?
This argument is also based on a false assumption that black farmers cannot grow crops without white supervision .
Most large - scale commercial farms have historically relied on black labour .
If large - scale commercial farms are largely run by black workers who with time have acquired advanced technical skills to operate farm machinery , supervise the large - scale growing of commercial crops including tobacco and wheat , why then can blacks fail to do the same for themselves if given the land and the support required to run successful agricultural enterprises ?
The image of the black farmer as a permanent subsistence farmer has become part of the official discourse about land and agrarian reform simply because for many decades black farmers have not been given the chance to invest in productive agriculture .
It ’s a historical fact that white agricultural success was based on expensive state subsidies , access to cheap labour and extension services , which allowed them to make profits even during the difficult years of economic stagnation .
Such services were not accessible to black farmers , who had to make do with very little financial and technical support from central government .
While it is true that land invasions did impact on agricultural production ; critics of the program have based their arguments on emotions rather than facts .
Since the land invasions took place , no significant longitudinal study based on empirical research has been carried out to justify these arguments .
Nobody knows to what extent the land invasions have impacted on agricultural production across the country .
Moreover in trying to access such impacts , one has to take into account climatic factors like recurring droughts , which have historically affected agricultural production .
Simplistic arguments biased against the peasantry have led to the trivialisation of an issue that is of paramount importance to Zimbabwe culturally , historically and economically .
For land is not only the resource we have in abundance , it ’s the only resource that sustains three - quarters of the Zimbabwean population .
Given the above , land invasions were inevitable and necessary to ensure peasants " got a piece of the cake " .
Of course one cannot expect such a radical program to take place without any form of disruption .
While it ’s painful in the short term , land invasions have helped a significant number of propertyless peasants to not only recover land , but to enjoy a sense of restitution which has a healing effect given the country ’s tortured history .
They also helped to break the monopoly of white farmers in commercial agriculture by opening up this key sector to black farmers .
Moreover recent research by World Bank economists has proven that large commercial farms are not very productive compared to family - operated smallholder farms ; they are also a source of political instability as our recent history has demonstrated .
Breaking up large commercial farms in favour of more efficient smallholder entities makes economic sense and promotes political stability .
Full property rights for peasants
What the Zimbabwean government should do now is to stop dilly - dallying and extend full property rights to peasants settled under the A1 Scheme to provide security and incentives for agricultural investment .
It should also offer financial and technical support for those farmers who want to venture into commercial farming .
Such a process requires non-partisan support from all those who benefited from land reform .
It also requires a mechanism to recover land from those who are hoarding unproductive farms .
This could be achieved through a land audit and a policy restricting farm ownership to a " one person one farm " basis .
If the above measures were implemented , Zimbabwe would lead the way as the only country in postcolonial Africa to implement the most radical transfer of property in the 21st century .
It would set an example for Zimbabwe ’s neighbours , South Africa and Namibia , which are still slumbering under the stupor of market - driven land reform , with the inevitable risk of political instability as marginalised peasants are likely to resort to violence to recover land .
[ Grasian Mkodzongi is an ecologist and PhD candidate at the Centre of African Studies ( University of Edinburgh .
This article first appeared at Pambazuka News . ]
Show full PR text
SANDISK FIRST TO SHIP 32 GIGABYTE MICROSDHC CARD
Consumers Unleash the Potential of Smartphones With
Highest - Capacity Memory Card for Mobile Phones
Milpitas , Calif. , March 23 , 2010 – SanDisk Corporation ( NASDAQ : SNDK ) , the global leader in flash memory cards , today announced that it has begun shipping the world 's highest - capacity removable memory card for mobile phones – the 32 gigabyte ( GB ) 1 SanDisk microSDHC ™ card .
The new microSDHC card offers consumers an unprecedented level of freedom and flexibility in how they store , send and enjoy digital content .
" With the large volume of photos , videos and music that consumers create and carry around , a high - capacity memory card is a must - have component of today 's smartphone , " said Sanjay Mehrotra , president and chief operating officer , SanDisk .
" This is the highest - capacity card of its type , and SanDisk is pleased to be the first to ship such an advanced product .
This marks yet another important first in our innovative history in the flash memory industry . "
Smartphones have evolved far beyond the simple phone call .
They serve as mobile offices , music players , movie theaters , cameras , video recorders , GPS devices and gateways to the mobile Internet .
The highly - versatile 32 GB SanDisk microSDHC card delivers immediate memory expansion that lets consumers enjoy the storage - intensive features of their advanced handsets .
For example , the 32 GB SanDisk microSDHC card can store enough music to outlast 35 round - trip flights between San Francisco and New York before repeating a single song .
The 32 GB SanDisk microSDHC card is available now on SanDisk.com U.S. and European e-commerce sites , with worldwide retail availability to follow next month .
The new card comes with a 5 year limited warranty and carries a suggested retail price of $ 199.99 .
The 32 GB SanDisk microSDHC card also lets mobile network operators ( MNO ) and handset manufacturers ( OEMs ) equip their subscribers with enough storage to match the industry 's leading smartphones .
By bundling SanDisk 's new card with the phone , consumers get high - capacity mobile storage in a convenient form factor .
SanDisk microSDHC cards are also available in 2 , 4 , 8 and 16GB capacities and are shipping today in volume .
SanDisk is mass producing the new cards based on its industry - leading , third - generation 32nm X3 ( 3 - bit - per - cell ) technology , which makes a 32 GB capacity possible in such a small form factor .
The successful development and wide distribution of many X3 - based products through OEM and retail channels in recent years demonstrates both the technology 's maturity and SanDisk 's ability to quickly bring it to market .
SanDisk microSDHC cards adhere to the stringent quality expectations of top - tier handset manufacturers and MNOs , and SanDisk is taking orders now .
To meet the specific needs of different OEM customers , the 32 GB SanDisk microSDHC card is available in a variety of card and adapter configurations as well as with the option to pre-load the card with custom software .
Updated : 10:45 p.m.
JODIE VALADE , Plain Dealer Reporter
GEORGETOWN , Guyana -
After 70 days adrift in the Atlantic Ocean , up to 10 hours a day spent rowing and the rest of the time alone with her thoughts and endless water , Katie Spotz faced her greatest challenge at the last moment of her record - breaking journey .
As the 22 - year - old Mentor native pulled her specially designed solo rowboat up to the pier in Georgetown , Guyana , about 2,817 miles from her starting point in Dakar , Senegal , she had to do something entirely new .
She had to climb a ladder .
Previous coverage
Seventy days without using her legs for anything other than rowing movements , and suddenly , Spotz wondered if this might be the first in more than two months that she would fail .
" It was a bit nerve - wracking , " Spotz said via phone Sunday night .
She successfully navigated the ladder , hugged her father and brother who were waiting for her , gobbled up fresh watermelon and finally reveled in her accomplishment : Spotz became become the youngest person and first American to row across the Atlantic Ocean , mainland to mainland .
She began her journey Jan. 3 and reached land at about 12:20 p.m. Cleveland time Sunday , completing the row faster than the 90 days she anticipated the voyage might take .
That quickened pace came despite opting two weeks ago to add 400 miles to her journey to land in Georgetown , Guyana .
She made the decision to bypass her original ending point in Cayenne , French Guiana , because she wanted to reach land unassisted and avoid rougher seas .
According to the Ocean Rowing Society , she is the 43rd person to complete this east - to - west row across the Atlantic .
The previous record for the youngest solo ocean rower was set by Oliver Hicks , a 23 - year - old from Great Britain who rowed from New Jersey to England in 2005 .
After resting for several hours in Georgetown , Spotz said via phone that she still had the sensation that she was rocking even though she was on land .
" Just kind of going up and down stairs , there were some close calls from falling over , " Spotz said , laughing .
And after more than two months alone , Spotz said she was so overwhelmed by the noises and bright lights in the casino adjacent to her Guyana hotel that she had to retire to her room for a few moments of solace .
Her final days of the row included some of her worst luck : strong currents and winds when she reached the continental shelf Friday produced massive waves that she feared would flip her boat -- despite the specially designed rowboat 's self - righting capabilities .
" Every moment spent outside was spent harnessed to the boat , and I frequently questioned whether it would capsize , " Spotz said .
She spent her nights harnessed within the cabin of the 19 - foot boat , too .
Then , Saturday , her tracker unit spontaneously burst into flames , and she had to use her fire extinguisher to douse the fire .
" Thankfully , all the glitches and malfunctions seemed to happen in the final days , " she said .
There were also some trying moments about 30 days into the row , when Spotz was n't able to sleep amid the waves that rocked the boat .
There was never a time when she doubted she would complete the row , however .
" I do n't think there was a moment where I questioned where I was , " Spotz said .
" I think I felt like I belonged out there .
I think I came out there to be challenged .
In that way , I think some of the worst moments were some of the best in that it challenged me and made me grow in ways I could n't have if I was put in a different circumstance . "
Spotz completed the row to raise awareness for clean drinking water , and she raised $ 70,060 for the Blue Planet Run Foundation .
Her initial goal had been to raise $ 30,000 , which would cover the cost of providing a lifetime of clean water for 1,000 people .
The entire cost of the row , estimated to be about $ 75,000 , was funded by donations and sponsorships .
" I 'm really thankful to have a safe and successful journey , " Spotz said .
" I 'm really appreciative to all the people who have made this possible .
Although it 's a solo journey , there have been people all over helping to make this happen . "
Spotz is a veteran of endurance events , having already biked across the country , run 150 miles through the desert , and swimming the length of the Allegheny River .
Even with all that experience , her mother , Mary , had to be persuaded of Katie 's safety throughout the journey .
To help Katie withstand the challenge of desolate conditions , she wrote her daughter a letter to be opened each day .
In some , she recounted funny stories about Katie 's childhood .
In others she told her daughter how proud they were of her .
In more than one , Mary reminded Katie that no one would be disappointed if she had to abandon the row .
In the final letter , Mary Spotz said she wrote a command : " You 're supposed to be home right now .
You 're grounded and we 're coming to get you . "
Spotz never got to that letter -- it was the 100th letter Mary Spotz wrote in case the row lasted that long .
Katie Spotz might be able to save that letter for another time ; she already has a plan for her next adventure , but she does n't want to divulge details yet .
" I guess I just have to kind of appreciate the fact that this is who Katie is , and there 's not going to be anything that 's going to change her , " Mary Spotz said from her Mentor home .
" I 'm just along for this ride . "
To reach this Plain Dealer reporter : jvalade@plaind.com , 216-999-4654 .
-----------------
While at sea , her progress was tracked via satellites and GPS positioning , and fans were able to follow along through her Row for Water website .
During the voyage , she posted updates and pictures taken during the voyage .
Tim Horton of the Fabian Society kindly describes me as a " decent progressive " , but to judge from the rest of his article he does n't have much confidence in my colleagues ( The Lib Dem myth , 18 March ) .
I 'm pleased to reassure him , and other progressives thinking of voting Lib Dem at the next election , that they will be in good company .
Horton 's central argument is that under Nick Clegg there has been a " rightward shift " in our party , citing the " ditching " of a " raft of former spending commitments " and language about " tax freedom " that will appeal to those on the right .
Yet under the same Nick Clegg the central message of our forthcoming manifesto will be fairness – whether in taxes , education funding , jobs or politics .
The Lib Dem policy of raising the tax allowance to £ 10,000 per year is described by Horton as " a juicy middle - class tax cut to sell in Conservative marginals around the country " .
Yet this tax cut , and the progressive tax increases which finance it , are hugely redistributive .
A £ 10,000 tax allowance means that people on the minimum wage should no longer have tax taken out of their paypacket – surely something progressives should support ?
And the money for this tax cut comes overwhelmingly from high earners – ending the extra pension tax relief that higher rate taxpayers enjoy , taxing capital gains properly , and taxing those with properties worth over £ 2 m .
On public spending , Horton says that Clegg " has insisted that his party would now be a more ruthless cutter of public spending than the Tories " .
It is true that we have been more specific about cuts than the Tories .
But if abandoning like - for - like replacement of Trident , scrapping ID cards and culling wasteful government IT programmes is ruthless cutting , then I plead guilty .
Instead , the biggest Lib Dem spending commitment is on a social justice measure – an additional " pupil premium " to help the most disadvantaged children , funded by removing tax credits from high earners .
This is an idea Nick Clegg floated before he was even in parliament .
Horton 's ends with the claim that " the Lib Dems still have some way to go before they can claim the mantle of social justice from Labour " .
Yet in year one of an incoming Lib Dem government , a key priority identified by our treasury spokesman Vince Cable is a green jobs package , designed to tackle unemployment and invest in the long - term infrastructure .
We recognise that the recovery is fragile and that the real social injustice would be to consign a new generation to the scrapheap of long - term unemployment .
Finally , Horton makes no mention at all of our fairness in politics agenda .
We have argued for an effective cap on political donations , so that no political party in Britain can be bought by sectional interests : the two old parties have , not surprisingly , resisted .
Being a progressive is partly about tax and spend , and the Lib Dems have a good story to tell .
But it is also about breaking open a decaying political system which has protected vested interests for too long .
Only we can do that .
The crew of the International Space Station ( ISS ) may want to draw up a large “ Welcome to the Neighborhood ” sign .
China has announced plans to launch a modest space station of its own next year .
Initially , the 8.5 - metric - ton module will be unmanned , providing a target that China ’s budding human - spaceflight program can use to practice on - orbit dockings .
If all goes well , however , taikonauts ( Chinese astronauts ) will move in .
After launching its first taikonaut into space in October 2003 , China is now moving methodically and deliberately to catch up with other major space - faring nations .
China ’s module , floridly named Tiangong 1 ( Heavenly Palace ) , represents the first step in the country ’s three - stage plan to assemble an orbiting lab .
This first step is more akin to NASA ’s Skylab , a converted second stage from Apollo - era Saturn V rockets that was launched in 1973 .
It hosted three crews between 1973 and 1974 .
As currently envisioned , China ’s final facility would be a collection of modules comparable to Russia ’s Mir space station .
Moscow took the 10 - year - old Mir out of orbit in 1996 after becoming a partner in the NASA - led ISS project .
Beijing ’s motives
To some extent , China may be driven by station envy , suggests Dean Cheng , a specialist on Chinese space and security issues at the Heritage Foundation in Washington .
At the time , Russia had Mir in orbit .
The United States and its Western partners had embarked on a space - station program and were only a year away from bringing Russia into the partnership .
China was n’t invited .
“ If you do n’t have a car , you might want one , even though your neighbor has a very nicely tricked - out Cadillac or BMW , ” Mr. Cheng says .
That desire has been fueled by the role human spaceflight has played in helping to establish a country ’s international standing , he adds .
“ When you look at what China has said about space , one of the issues that ’s very important is the role of advanced science and technology in building what the Chinese call comprehensive national power , ” Cheng explains .
“ Are you derivative , or are you self - sufficient ” in science and technology ?
“ Space , rightly or wrongly , is one of the crown jewels ” in China ’s effort to strive for scientific and technological self - sufficiency , he says .
Others , such as Gregory Kulacki , a senior analyst with the Union of Concerned Scientists who focuses on China and national security issues , note that in discussions with Chinese scientists and engineers , they cast the country ’s space program in terms of ensuring “ a place for one ’s mat ” – the Chinese version of a seat at the table – on the global space - exploration stage .
Why not join us at the ISS ?
One potential place for China ’s mat is to join the ISS .
Under President Obama ’s proposed overhaul of NASA ’s human spaceflight program , the US would remain active on the station through at least 2020 .
But many in and out of Congress worry that closer cooperation could lead to US space technologies finding their way to China ’s military or to rogue states via China .
China ’s human - rights record also comes up , as well as concerns over the US losing its superiority in what many military strategists see as the ultimate high ground .
And while decisions about the future of the program are made politically , the program ’s day - to - day operation is in the hands of China ’s military , a rather opaque institution , several China specialists note .
Yet more US - Chinese space cooperation , at least for now , could be a nonstarter within China , too .
People in China ’s space community are uneasy with more US cooperation , despite the first overtures from Washington in “ a very long time , ” says Joan Johnson - Freese , a specialist on China ’s space program at the US Naval War College in Newport , R.I .
China has carefully set out a path for human spaceflight , and despite some delays in the timetable , it ’s sticking to that program , she says .
Working at their own pace
“ They are more comfortable with a tortoiselike , incremental - move - forward approach as opposed to Mr. Toad ’s Wild Ride , ” Ms. Johnson - Freese says .
Dr. Kulacki agrees .
In discussions he says he ’s had with Chinese involved in the space program , the Chinese take offense at the US holding out cooperation as some kind of carrot in exchange for policy changes more to Washington ’s liking .
“ They say they do n’t need our money or our technology , ” Kulacki says .
“ If they do cooperate with the US , it will only be because the political authorities in China force them to . ”
China ’s initial module would host three crew members once the country has demonstrated an ability to dock on orbit .
Taingong 1 would be replaced between 2012 and 2017 with a more capable module and a cargo carrier .
By 2020 , the country plans to loft a station with a 20 - metric - ton core , a pair of labs , and an ability to dock four craft at the station simultaneously .
It would give China almost as much working space as the ISS .
China appears aimed at laying the foundation for living and working in space for long periods of time , as is the case with the ISS .
Experiments are expected to focus on human , plant , and animal adaptation to microgravity and materials research .
What happens after 2020 is unclear , Kulacki says .
He suspects landing humans on the moon is being hotly debated at the moment , assuming a decision is still pending .
LHC to shut down for a year to address design faults
By Judith Burns
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) must close at the end of 2011 for up to a year to address design issues , according to an LHC director .
Dr Steve Myers told BBC
News the faults will delay the machine reaching its full potential for two years .
The atom smasher will reach world record collision energies later this month at 7 trillion electron volts .
But joints between the machine 's magnets must be strengthened before higher - energy collisions can commence .
The Geneva - based machine only recently restarted after being out of action for 14 months following an accident in September 2008 .
Dr Myers said : " It 's something that , with a lot more resources and with a lot more manpower and quality control , possibly could have been avoided but I have difficulty in thinking that this is something that was a design error . "
He said : " The standard phrase is that the LHC is its own prototype .
We are pushing technologies towards their limits . "
" You do n't hear about the thousands or hundreds of thousands of other areas that have gone incredibly well .
" With a machine like the LHC , you only build one and you only build it once . "
The CMS detector can be put through its paces at reduced power
He said the second problem is not with the most complex technology but involves the copper sheaths around the superconducting joints in the tunnel .
The copper sheaths are a failsafe mechanism designed to take up the current if one of the magnets in the Large Hadron Collider warms up - an incident known as a " quench " .
The 2008 accident caused one tonne of helium to leak into the tunnel and resulted in a series of " quenches " and a 40 m
Swiss franc ( £ 24 m ) repair bill .
Engineers believe the machine is now safe to run at 7 trillion electron volts ( TeV ) but are anxious to avoid another breakdown .
So they have taken the decision to run the machine for 18 to 24 months at half - maximum power before switching it off for a year to carry out improvements to the 27 km tunnel .
Dr Myers said the decision was taken jointly with the physicists working on the four giant particle detectors on the LHC .
He said they appreciate the chance to test their own equipment while the machine is running at half its maximum power .
Collisions at enormous energy
The Large Hadron Collider sends beams of protons in opposite directions around the tunnel at close to the speed of light .
These cross and collide , smashing into each other with enormous energy .
The ultimate aim is to collide particles head on at 14TeV to recreate the conditions in the moments after the Big Bang .
Scientists hope they will see new subatomic particles in the debris and gain insights into how the universe came into being , billions of years ago .
The machine is buried 100 m below the French - Swiss border .
Cern officials say running the LHC at 7TeV will enable physicists to explore another secret of the universe , namely the nature of the " dark matter " that accounts for most of the mass in the observable universe .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Even if you missed the first four episodes of " V , " everything you need to know can be summed up right here .
The Visitors arrived on Earth with a message of peace but have a plan to take over the planet .
While many people welcome the Visitors with open arms -- especially after they open a series of healing centers that can cure the sick -- not everyone is taken in by their propaganda , including FBI counterterrorism agent Erica Evans ( Elizabeth Mitchell ) and Catholic priest Father Jack Landry ( Joel Gretsch ) .
The Visitors are led by the seductive and deadly Anna ( Morena Baccarin ) , who has a plan that involves R6 , a chemical compound that is going to be placed in the human vaccine , and Tyler ( Logan Huffman ) , Erica 's teenage son who has already fallen for Anna 's sultry daughter Lisa ( Laura Vandervoort ) .
ABC and Warner Bros. on Monday released a screener for Tuesday night 's episode ( " Welcome to the War " ) , which amps up the tension and pacing in a way that the first four episodes of " V " did n't quite manage to do .
We previously caught up with showrunner / executive producer Scott Rosenbaum and Morena Baccarin , who plays the alien queen Anna , for details about the next eight episodes and were teased with " rodent desire , " multiple pregnancies and lizard anatomy , but I did n't think that we'd see many of these things actually play out in Tuesday night 's brand - new installment .
( Hint : Some , but not all of them , do . )
ABC 's sci - fi drama " V " returns Tuesday night with a new time slot ( 10 p.m. ) , a new showrunner ( Scott Rosenbaum , of " Chuck " and " The Shield " ) and a new emphasis on providing the audience with some concrete answers rather than treading water .
Anna finds an ally in ambitious television news anchor Chad Decker ( Scott Wolf ) , but he struggles when he 's told by a Visitor healing center that he will succumb to a brain aneurysm .
Erica and Jack meet up with two members of a resistance force that includes Georgie ( David Richmond - Peck ) and Ryan ( Morris Chestnut ) , the latter of whom is actually a rebel Visitor and former member of the Fifth Column .
Ryan is engaged to psychologist Val ( Lourdes Benedicto ) , who learns that she is pregnant , though is unaware that her unborn child is half - Visitor .
The resistance manages to blow up a warehouse containing a stockpile of R6 , but Jack is later stabbed by a Visitor who follows him back to the church .
Whew .
(2) Erica kicks butt .
Fans who were looking for Erica to have a more active role on " V , " one that involved the former " Lost " actress kicking some lizard tail , are in luck .
There 's a fantastic fight sequence in the first few minutes of Tuesday night 's episode that demonstrates both Erica 's fighting skills as well as her gruesome determination to survive .
She 's most definitely not your average single mom , and she proves in this scene to be just as ruthless and deadly as her adversary Anna .
(3) There 's " rodent desire . "
As promised by Scott Rosenbaum in our interview , there 's some distinct rodent desire going on here .
I wo n't spoil exactly what it is , but keep your eyes peeled for a very specific shout - out to the gerbil - munching scene in the original " V " Tuesday night .
While it 's not on the same scale , we 're beginning to build perhaps to that climactic moment .
Ick .
(4) Visitors and humans are not alike .
Seriously .
Tonight 's episode gives us more information about the Visitor 's physical characteristics than we 've gotten in the four preceding episodes combined .
There are two scenes that this week demonstrate just how different the Visitors are from humans .
Ryan ( Chestnut ) has a great scene in which he reveals a specific part of his true visage , and that 's to say nothing of a gasp - inducing reveal at the end of the episode that will have you wanting more .
All I will say is that I was shocked and creeped out in equal measure ... and immediately wanted more .
(5) There 's a sense of unpredictablility .
One of the things that " V " does particularly well with Tuesday night 's episode is prove that anything is possible in the world that they 've established .
Besides some shocking reveals , there 's also a new character who promises to massively shake things up among the human resistance in a very unexpected way .
It points to the lengths that each of the characters is willing to go to protect his or her own , and that holds true for both humans and Visitors alike .
One can't shake the feeling that the coming war is about to get very bloody .
-- Jace Lacob
( Follow my musings on television , food and more television on Twitter at @televisionary )
Photo :
The Visitors are back on ABC's " V. " Credit : Bob D'Amico / ABC
Related :
‘ V’ : Morena Baccarin talks about Anna , the Visitors ’ plan and lizard anatomy
' V' : Showrunner Scott Rosenbaum teases ' rodent desire , ' multiple pregnancies and more
Complete ' V ' coverage on Showtracker
From television punditry to best - selling books , Fox News ' Glenn Beck has become a household name over the past year , and according to the Washington Post , many wonder whether he is helping or hurting the news network that brought him to stardom .
The Post reports that his fellow staffers worry that Beck 's incendiary remarks and opinions may be negatively overpowering the network 's image , as more and more people have begun to associate him with the Fox News brand .
Nevertheless , publicly , the network continues to stand by its ratings - grabbing personality .
The Dylan Ratigan does a pretty good job of explaining the 2200 page report that exposes the Lehman scandal .
It shines a bright light on why we need financial regulations and serious reforms .
The NY Times :
The bankruptcy examiner ’s report filed by Anton R. Valukas on the 2008 demise of Lehman Brothers discusses some accounting gimmicks that are eerily reminiscent of how Enron tried to prop up its balance sheet back in 2001 before it collapsed .
Both companies appear to have played right along the edge of properly accounting for transactions designed to make them appear much stronger than they turned out to be , becoming steadily more aggressive as they teetered on the brink of ruin .
The examiner ’s report discusses potential claims that the bankruptcy trustee can bring against Lehman ’s former officers and outside advisers and does not mention potential government law enforcement action .
Reading his report , however , gives strong indications that at a minimum the Securities and Exchange Commission is likely to pursue civil charges for securities fraud , and that criminal charges are certainly possible against Lehman ’s former top executives .
The examiner ’s report gives us a new term for hiding problems on a corporate balance sheet that may become common parlance : “ Repo 105 . ” Starting in 2001 , Lehman Brothers engaged in repurchase agreements , called “ repos , ” which were described by DealBook as “ what amounts to a short - term loan , exchanging collateral for cash up front , and then unwinding the trade as soon as overnight . ”
Read here for more of the story .
Market Watch :
The report , which runs to 2,200 pages , said former top officers including ex-CEO Dick Fuld and Chief Financial Officers Chris O'Meara , Erin Callan and Ian Lowitt could face legal claims for negligence of breach of duty .
Auditor Ernst &
Young could also potentially face a professional malpractice claim for not challenging Lehman 's non-disclosure of the off - balance sheet transactions , the report said .
See full story on the Lehman report .
Lehman 's collapse in 2008 really got things going .
Lehman Brothers , the fourth - largest US investment bank , has filed for bankruptcy protection , dealing a blow to the fragile global financial system .
The news led to sharp falls in share prices around the world , and officials took measures to reassure markets .
Lehman had incurred losses of billions of dollars in the US mortgage market .
-- US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said the US was " working through a difficult period in our financial markets right now as we work off some of the past excesses " .
But he added : " The American people can remain confident in the soundness and resilience of our financial system . "
However he warned that uncertainty remained and it was likely that there would be further " rough spots " ahead before the market was corrected .
Turmoil would continue in financial markets until the housing correction was completed , he added .
Mr Paulson said he was committed to working with regulators in the US and abroad , as well as policymakers in Congress to take the necessary steps " to maintain the stability and orderliness of our financial markets " .
But he gave no details of what such steps might mean .
And remember these magical words by President George Bush ?
Earlier in the day President George W Bush said : " In the long term I am confident that our financial markets are flexible and resilient and can deal with these adjustments . "
This BBC article brings back really bad memories , but I hope they remind the Congress to get financial reform done , now .
For server administrators , installing software updates and security patches is a critical part of the job .
But it 's also expensive and disruptive when a server must be rebooted to activate the update .
A team of MIT engineers has developed technology that allows rebootless updates , and it's now available through a subscription service .
There 's a real irony to my article this week .
Just as I began to write , I got an e-mail from one of my hosted service providers .
To paraphrase the message , it says : " Dear Customer , we will be performing maintenance on your application server for a few hours this weekend .
We plan to install critical software updates and security patches .
During this window you may experience brief interruptions in service .
Sorry for the inconvenience . "
You 've seen similar messages before .
Perhaps you even write them and send them out to your own customers when you need to install software updates and security fixes .
While the process of installing software updates is disruptive and expensive -- Gartner estimates downtime for a critical system costs $ 42,000 an hour -- there 's no getting around the need to apply updates .
According to Microsoft , 90 percent of the attacks in the wild exploit known vulnerabilities .
It 's essential to patch systems to keep them reliable and secure .
But while you must patch , must you reboot the server to apply the patch ?
Not necessarily .
There 's a new subscription service launching this week that provides rebootless updates .
Ksplice has just announced the general availability of its Ksplice Uptrack service for Linux servers .
When a vendor releases software updates , Ksplice makes those updates into a module that can be applied to a server without rebooting it .
This saves you the hassle of notifying customers of downtime and planning for staff members to work at 2:00 a.m. on a Sunday morning .
The update can be applied painlessly and without any disruption to anyone 's work .
The company Ksplice was founded by four MIT engineers .
The technology they 've developed is based on thesis research , and it has received numerous accolades and honors , including The Wall Street Journal 2009 Technology Innovation Award .
The technology can be applied to virtually any type of software , including operating systems and applications , running on a wide variety of devices , such as servers , network routers and switches , storage arrays , mobile devices and more .
The potential for this technology is huge ; if you are n't using it today , you might use it in the not - too - distant future .
In the life cycle of a software update , the process starts when someone discovers a bug or security hole in the code .
The software vendor releases an update , which the administrator installs .
To apply the update and have it take effect , you typically restart the software ; in the case of an OS patch , this means rebooting the machine -- an inconvenience for you and all the users .
With the Ksplice service , when the software vendor releases an update , Ksplice makes the update rebootless and delivers it to customers where it can be installed and applied without any disruption .
The software is up to date and secure .
Here 's the recipe for the secret sauce -- how Ksplice makes an update rebootless .
Ksplice has the source code for the software to be updated , say a Linux OS , as well as the source code for the update itself .
The company then compiles the program twice , once without the patch and once with the patch .
Ksplice compares the two versions and identifies the functions that have changed .
Ksplice pulls out just these functions , packages them into a kernel module , and ships this module containing the replacement code to customers .
Customers then load the corrected version of the software module into memory .
At a safe time , the old buggy version of the function has its first instruction replaced by a jump command .
All callers to this function jump over to the corrected version of the code .
Basically , it 's a detour around the old code so that the new code is always executed in memory .
Since the changes are in memory only , they are n't persistent .
This means an administrator still needs to apply the permanent fix at some point down the road .
In the meantime , however , the Ksplice fix keeps the software secure without disrupting service .
Some 30 or so hosting companies have been early adopters of the technology , including SingleHop .
Andrew Brooks is a security engineer at SingleHop , and he uses Ksplice Uptrack on about 500 ( soon to be 600 ) Linux servers .
" A zero - day exploit spreads like wildfire , " Brooks says .
" We use Uptrack because it 's the fastest way to get a security patch applied to our servers .
This gives us a competitive edge if we can reduce downtime for our customers . "
Brooks says he spends less time on administration by having the patches waiting for him via RSS feeds .
He can install an update without rebooting and without having to coordinate reboot schedules with hundreds of customers .
You can sign up for a free trial of the Ksplice Uptrack subscription service .
If you like it and find value in it , sign on as a customer and reduce the worry of patching your software .
This was meant to be the second coming of the king of comedy .
Jerry Seinfeld , who in the 1990s topped the cast of probably the most successful sitcom of all time , was finally bringing another new show to American network television .
Like Seinfeld , it promised to be be fresh , sarcastic , innovative , playing off the bickering and obscure disputes of everyday life .
Called The Marriage Ref , it featured Seinfeld and his celebrity pals passing judgment over the marital spats of ordinary people .
It was advertised heavily and its debut was given a primetime slot on NBC , just after the closing ceremony of the Winter Olympics .
And it bombed .
" The show is more Jerry Springer than Jerry Seinfeld , " said Matthew Gilbert of the Boston Globe .
Other descriptions ranged from " pathetic " to " painfully unfunny " via " the most God-awful mishmash " , courtesy of Time magazine .
The years have not been kind to the generation of US comics that came ashore in Britain along with Seinfeld , more than a decade and a half ago .
Seinfeld 's other cast members were often said to be labouring under its curse in their lack of subsequent success .
But the curse is also extended to many of those who worked on other hit shows .
The male cast of Friends – Matt Le Blanc , Matthew Perry and David Schwimmer – have failed to capitalise on global fame in the way many thought they would .
Garry Shandling , whose groundbreaking Larry Sanders
Show led the way for many other radical US imports , has almost disappeared off the public radar .
Frasier 's star , Kelsey Grammer , has seen his sitcom project Hank cancelled mid-season .
Even Janeane Garofalo , the actress who appeared on Seinfeld as Jerry 's female equivalent , Jeannie Steinman , recently complained of the hardships of acting as she has grown older .
Garofalo , who became a poster girl for cutting edge 1990s comedy , revealed to New York magazine that she had Botox injections in an attempt to keep working .
For a generation of Britons who remember their comedy heroes as confident , smart , savvy , cynical and poised to take over the entertainment world , Garofalo 's comments were a depressing end point .
" Yeah , I fucking sold out , " she said of having to now lose weight to obtain roles .
" That is absolutely a fact .
I was heavier and it really gets you almost nowhere , you realise quickly .
I mean , I got very lucky in the 1990s .
Very lucky . "
When these shows arrived on British television in the mid 1990s , their sassy , tightly written style struck a chord with a generation brought up on The Young Ones , Not the Nine O'Clock News and Fawlty Towers .
Later in the decade , these must - see shows were supplanted both in the US and in Britain by high - gloss dramas such as The West Wing and The Sopranos .
Comedy is probably the toughest road in the entertainment world .
" People know if you made it in comedy , then you really do have something because it is so hard to do that , " said Janette Barber , a stand - up comic and author .
Only a few made it to the top , surviving the gruelling circuits of stand - up , endless auditions then finally landing the ultimate prize : a network show .
The list of comic stars who made it to the summit then stayed there is even smaller .
It consists of not too many more big names than Bill Cosby , David Letterman and Jay Leno .
Far more common is the fate of many of those 1990s stars : they have a single smash hit that – unknown to them at the time – comes to represent the peak of their careers and define it forever .
" To stay at the top they needed to be able to reinvent themselves as many times as possible , " said Barber .
But that is not easy .
As Seinfeld has just found .
The Marriage Ref is clearly an effort at major reinvention .
It is a blend of variety show and comedy .
No one is acting .
Everyone is real .
It is a long way from the biting yet subtle humour of Seinfeld the sitcom .
But therein lies the comic 's difficulty .
Typecasting is a problem for all actors and performers , but especially those who choose comedy .
Sitcom stars become beloved of a mass audience who want to keep for ever performing their allotted role .
No one wants them to explore new avenues .
" When you try to do different characters they hate you , " said Judy Carter , author of The Comedy Bible .
" They want you to be that thing they loved .
They do n't want you to try new things . "
Consider the fate of the male stars of Friends .
All have struggled in their own ways despite becoming globally famous .
None of LeBlanc , Perry and Schwimmer has ever really stepped out of the shadow of being Joey , Chandler and Ross .
Perry 's career has not taken off since the final episode of Friends in 2006 .
He landed a few lead roles , but they have tailed off .
He has confessed to suffering from depression and fought battles with addiction .
Schwimmer , after failing to become a Hollywood star , has mostly devoted his time to the theatre .
LeBlanc 's attempt at a spin - off sitcom from Friends was cancelled .
He is now about to star in a series called Episodes in which he plays an older downtrodden version of himself in a " mockumentary " - style show about a reality TV series .
One scene in the forthcoming project shows LeBlanc auditioning for the role of himself against younger , better - looking rivals .
Another problem with staying at the top is simply the temptations of fame and the fact that they have become particularly acute in a modern era of gossip websites such as TMZ and ubiquitous camera phones .
The 1990s were a different era when it came to communications .
" There is more exposure and there are more chances to be stupid and make stupid mistakes , " said Carter .
Look at the fate of Michael Richards , who played Kramer on Seinfeld and created one of the most singular and hilarious characters in comic television history .
He struggled to escape from the shadow of his genius creation , then watched his career implode after he berated a heckler at a stand - up show and called him " a nigger " .
The incident , caught on a mobile phone camera , created such a huge scandal that Richards eventually had to call black civil rights leaders to apologise .
Other top stars of the 1990s have also struggled with addictions of one sort or another .
The list is long and includes Garofalo and Grammer .
Finally , the industry itself has changed .
The competition among TV shows in America is acute and Darwinian in the extreme .
The process of commissioning a show , making a pilot , then deciding whether to axe it , has speeded up .
There is almost no time for mistakes .
Even Seinfeld itself , which lasted from 1989 to 1998 and ran for 180 episodes , would never get off the ground now .
Only a few initial episodes were commissioned and the audience reaction was lukewarm .
The show took time to grow into a smash hit , but that is time it would no longer be given by network bosses desperate for instant success .
" Seinfeld was not a critical success at first , but NBC kept it on , " said Carter .
" It slowly found an audience and became a classic .
But we live in a different world . "
But whose version of success are we judging them on ?
Seinfeld 's new project may have had a critical roasting but that is a long way from dubbing the man a failure .
He is happily married and rich beyond the wildest dreams of many people .
He has continued to do stand - up to rave reviews and huge crowds .
The jabs against his new TV venture are unlikely to matter too much to him .
Others also have different priorities now .
Our anxieties about their careers may reflect our culture 's neuroses and expectations , not theirs .
Garofalo is winning solid roles on TV shows and still working , even if she uses Botox twice a year .
Schwimmer has acted on Broadway and directed a show off Broadway .
He owns homes in Los Angeles , Chicago and New York .
He is a mover in politically active groups , campaigning on numerous social issues .
" David Schwimmer is doing theatre .
He 's a social activist .
He is doing what he wants to do , " said Richard Dubin , a television writer and producer who is now a communications professor at Syracuse University .
Dubin is right .
In judging our stars there tends to be a confusion between the role that the actor played and the desires and needs of the person behind them .
Schwimmer is not Ross ; Seinfeld is not even Seinfeld .
The fact that many of the 1990s stars are not on TV any more , or have moved on to different roles , does not make them failures .
A lot of these comic stars may not be funny now .
But they are not always tragic either .
The Hit Shows
Seinfeld
Famously a " show about nothing " , this hugely popular comedy was the creation of stand - up comic Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David .
Frasier
A fantastically successful spin - off from the popular long - running sitcom Cheers .
Psychiatrist Dr Frasier Crane moves back to Seattle to reconnect with his ex-cop father Marty and equally self - involved younger brother Niles .
Friends
The show that came to define a generation followed the lives and loves of six impossibly beautiful , witty and usually lovelorn friends living in Manhattan .
The Larry Sanders Show
This satirical send - up of American television starred stand - up comic Garry Shandling as the self - obsessed , neurotic talk - show host Larry Sanders who interviewed real - life celebrities .
In what may be the largest H - 1B fraud case ever brought forward , the government has run into trouble with a judge having dismissed a number of counts and suppressed some of the evidence taken from an IT services firm 's computers .
The ruling , made late last week , may help IT services firm Vision Systems Group Inc. in its defense against government allegations that it had set up shell companies in Iowa so it could pay some of its visa workers the state 's lower prevailing wage rates .
The U.S. is seeking $ 4.9 million from the company in an indictment issued nearly one year ago .
Vision Systems and its executives are fighting the case in Iowa , where U.S. District Court Judge Robert Pratt , in a 41 - page ruling , took the government to task for parts of its case , especially the process followed in its seizure of electronic records .
In February 2009 , about 20 agents from the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency showed up at the South Plainfield , N.J. - based firm with a search warrant that allowed them to gather paper and electronic records .
They left with nearly 100 boxes of evidence " that required two postal trucks to transport , " according to court records .
The search warrant also enabled the government to make digital images of hard drives and other storage devices if they could not be searched on the scene in a reasonable amount of time .
The government made digital images of 21 hard drives , according to various court documents .
But this electronic data was subsequently suppressed by the judge 's ruling last week because of two key problems .
The government transferred those images to a computer expert who then extracted all the files matching the search criteria established by the federal agent in charge of gathering the evidence .
The judge said the search criteria used by the government was " over - inclusive " and not limited to the warrant .
For instance , the computer expert was required to produce " all email files " and " Word ( or Word type ) documents opened / modified in the last year . "
The warrant also required the government to make its examination of the digital images within 60 days , which the government failed to do , according to the judge .
Pratt termed the handling of the electronic search as " highly reckless " and " gross recklessness , " but he did not suppress the paper files collected .
The court also dismissed a number of counts related to charges involving mail fraud , knocking out eight of the 18 counts .
How Judge Pratt 's ruling affects the case is uncertain .
The U.S. prosecutors were n't immediately available for comment .
Mark Weinhardt , an attorney representing Vision Systems , said , " We are pleased with the District Court 's ruling , and we look forward to continued proceedings in the case . "
Patrick Thibodeau covers SaaS and enterprise applications , outsourcing , government IT policies , data centers and IT workforce issues for Computerworld .
Follow Patrick on Twitter at @DCgov or subscribe to Patrick 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is pthibodeau@computerworld.com .
Rep. Eric Massa ( D - N.Y. ) wo n't run for reelection after just one term in office .
| John Shinkle / POLITICO
Hoyer knew of Massa allegations
First - term Rep. Eric Massa announced Wednesday that he will not seek reelection , saying his doctors have told him that he can’t continue to “ run at 100 miles an hour . ”
But several House aides told POLITICO that the House ethics committee has been informed of allegations that the New York Democrat , who is married with two children , made unwanted advances toward a junior male staffer .
Advertisement
A more senior staffer — Ronald Hikel , Massa ’s former deputy chief of staff and legislative director — took the complaints to the ethics committee and was interviewed about them twice .
Hikel declined to comment about the situation , but House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) confirmed that the Democratic leadership had been informed of the allegations before the news broke .
“ I ’ve heard of that allegation before , ” he said .
“ I had some indication , yes , but I do n’t want to go beyond that .
And my presumption [ is ] it ’s being pursued in the course of business . ”
Hoyer 's office released the following statement Wednesday night :
“ The week of February 8th , a member of Rep. Massa ’s staff brought to the attention of Mr. Hoyer ’s staff allegations of misconduct that had been made against Mr. Massa .
Mr. Hoyer ’s staff immediately informed him of what they had been told .
Mr. Hoyer instructed his staff that if Mr. Massa or his staff did not bring the matter to the attention of the bipartisan Ethics Committee within 48 hours , Mr. Hoyer would do so .
Within 48 hours , Mr. Hoyer received confirmation from both the Ethics Committee staff and Mr. Massa ’s staff that the Ethics Committee had been contacted and would review the allegations .
Mr. Hoyer does not know whether the allegations are true or false , but wanted to ensure that the bipartisan committee charged with overseeing conduct of Members was immediately involved to determine the facts . ”
Massa told POLITICO early Wednesday afternoon that no one has brought allegations of misconduct to him .
Asked specifically about the sexual harassment allegations , he said : “ When someone makes a decision to leave Congress , everybody says everything .
I have health issues .
I ’ll talk about it [ later ] . ”
Massa has suffered from non-Hodgkin ’s lymphoma .
On a conference call with reporters Wednesday afternoon , he said he was hospitalized in December and that his doctors made it clear to him that he needed to slow down .
He denied that he was retiring because of a sexual harassment claim .
“ Do I or have I ever used salty language when I ’m angry , especially in the privacy of my inner office or even at home ?
Yes , I have , and I have apologized to those where it ’s appropriate , ” Massa said .
“ But those kinds of articles , unsubstantiated , without fact or backing , are a symptom of what ’s wrong with this city . ”
A 20 - year Navy veteran , Massa serves on the Agriculture , Armed Services and Homeland Security committees .
His departure endangers Democrats ’ hold on his competitive upstate New York seat .
Hoyer said news of the sexual harassment allegation — coming on the same day Rep. Charles Rangel ( D - N.Y. ) gave up his gavel on the Ways and Means Committee — should n’t give Republicans a leg up in November .
“ I do n’t think it helps anybody in the institution , any one of us on either side of the aisle .
It certainly did n’t help Mr. Foley , ” Hoyer said , referring to former Rep. Mark Foley ( R - Fla . ) , who resigned from Congress in 2006 amid allegations that he sent sexually explicit instant messages to an underage male page .
“ When there were allegations about Mr. Foley or others , I think the institution suffers , ” Hoyer continued .
“ And that ’s why it ’s so important that each of us conducts ourselves in a way that wo n’t bring discredit on the institution . ”
Massa ’s decision came as a complete surprise to several of his freshman Democratic colleagues in the New York delegation .
According to the New York Daily News , which first reported that Massa was retiring , the congressman called party leaders and supporters in his district Wednesday to tell them of his plans .
Massa has played a gadfly - like role in the House , calling for a single - payer health care system at a conference of liberal activists last year , despite representing a Republican - leaning district .
He was one of 39 House Democrats to vote against health care legislation ; he said it did n’t do enough to control costs .
As a freshman representing New York ’s most Republican House district , Massa was one of the most endangered Democrats in the delegation .
Republicans had been aggressively targeting his seat and landed top recruit Tom Reed , the Republican mayor of Corning , to challenge him .
Massa is now the 15th House Democrat to announce retirement plans , with 11 of them leaving districts that Republicans are aggressively contesting .
House Republicans face 19 retirements , but most of their departing members hail from safe seats .
Massa ’s departure also adds to the woes of New York Democrats , who have been on the defensive this week amid a scandal surrounding Gov. David Paterson , who announced he was n’t running for election , and the tribulations involving Rangel .
After news of Massa ’s retirement hit , New York Rep. Steve Israel , the head of recruiting for the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , headed to DCCC offices to make recruiting calls in Massa ’s district .
The upstate New York district is ancestrally Republican and does n’t have a deep bench of Democratic officeholders .
“ It ’s yet another uphill battle , ” Israel said , but he noted that Democrats have been successful in two competitive special elections held last year in upstate New York .
Massa ’s departure could scramble the Republican field since the filing deadline is not until July .
Former Rep. John “ Randy ” Kuhl , whom Massa beat by 2 percentage points in 2008 , is exploring the possibility of running for his old seat , according to a source who spoke with him after Massa ’s retirement announcement .
In a statement , Kuhl said he would address “ political decisions in the future , but right now it is important for Eric to get the treatment that he needs to recover . ”
Other potential candidates who may consider entering the race include Monroe County Executive Maggie Brooks , state Assemblyman Brian Kolb and state Sen. Cathy Young .
James Hohmann and Jonathan Allen contributed to this report .
By now many have heard about the drama surrounding Prom at the Itawamba Agricultural High School in Mississippi .
After a lesbian student named Constance McMillen was told she would n't be able to bring her girlfriend as her date to Prom , the ACLU intervened on her behalf and the school eventually cancelled the Prom altogether .
School officials are currently encouraging a private prom be organized that can continue to deny Constance and her girlfriend entrance .
What 's happening in Mississippi unfortunately happens all too often around the country , and not just during Prom season .
Lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender students -- and those students who are perceived to be LGBT or who associate with LGBT students -- are subjected to discrimination , including harassment , bullying , violence ; and are deprived of equal access to educational opportunities .
Congressman Jared Polis took a stand earlier this year to fight for LGBT students when he introduced the Student Non-Discrimination Act .
" Like Title VI for minorities in the 60s and Title IX for women in the 70s , " Congressman Polis said at the time of the bill 's introduction , " my legislation puts LGBT students on an equal footing with their peers , so they can attend school and get a quality education , free from fear . ”
Tell your Representative in Congress to co-sponsor the Student Non-Discrimination Act ( H.R. 4530 ) , so Constance McMillen -- and every student -- can have equal access to public education .
Pictured : Incredible moment the sky ripples as rocket goes supersonic
This is the incredible moment that an Atlas V rocket went supersonic .
This amateur video captures a rocket exceeding the speed of sound and passing through a sun dog , creating a visually stunning rippling effect , akin to a UFO .
[ caption ]
A sun dog is a prismatic bright spot in the sky caused by the sun shining through ice crystals in a cirrus cloud .
As the rocket exceeded the speed of sound , the shock waves visible from the ground were created .
[ caption ]
The rocket was launched by the Solar Dynamics Observatory from the Kennedy Space Centre on February 11th .
The announcer can be heard declaring ' The vehicle is now supersonic ' to applause and cries of wonder .
[ caption ]
Click Play to watch video
In today 's NY Times , David Brooks has an interesting column on the field of economics .
While the column is well worth reading , I think it is more wrong than right .
Journalists are fond of writing articles about how recent events require a fundamental rethinking of economic theory .
It is their job , after all , to identify new things on the horizon .
But when they try to predict trends in academic theorizing from current events , they are usually incorrect .
In particular , I think what we teach in economics courses is more robust than a reader of David 's column would think .
David writes , " Economists and financiers spent decades building ever more sophisticated models to anticipate market behavior . "
I do n't know about financiers , but relatively few academic economists devote their time to forecasting .
The economists you see on TV are often trying to predict the future , but that is hardly a random sample of top economists .
Indeed , one reason I am not fond of TV appearances is that TV hosts frequently ask questions that presume PhD economists can see into the future better than others , whereas actual PhD economists know that very little of our training has anything to do with forecasting .
Oddly , David refers to Reinhart and Rogoff 's new book on financial crises as a work of history .
He fails to note that the authors are two prominent and very mainstream economists .
Moreover , this research project began long before the recent crisis .
It would be a mistake to say that economists did not study financial crises .
Their book is in fact evidence that some of the leaders of the field were working on precisely this topic long before it caught the public 's attention .
The fields of behavioral economics and behavioral finance have also been active for many years now .
To be sure , in undergraduate economics courses , some specific topics will need more coverage in the future , as I noted in a column a while back .
The role of leverage in financial institutions is one example .
Those people who study financial institutions and their regulation have moved to the forefront of the profession for a while , and that area of work may well get more coverage in the undergraduate curriculum .
But I doubt there will be a fundamental change in the field of economics .
The old textbooks do n't need to be thrown away .
I admit , however , that on this point , I may not be the most objective judge .
SEE OVER 2,000 MORE TEES FROM TODAY'S TOP INDEPENDENT DESIGNERS
Lord , sometimes “ the spirit of fear ” can dominate our lives .
We place before you the self - doubt that questions if we have the necessary ability to deal with the pressures of life .
We embrace your grace that enables us to experience power , love and self - discipline to face the storms of life and navigate them in such a way that we are neither shipwrecked or drowned .
Help us , Lord , not to live small or to settle for routine because we underestimate you .
With a heart filled with gratitude , we will live this day for you .
— The Jesuit Prayer Team
Weta Planning On 3 - D Hobbit , Says Insider
at 11:23 am by March 17 , 201011:23 am by DiveTwin
The Hobbit movie due to begin filming in Wellington will be made in 3D , industry sources say .
But a spokesman for producer Peter Jackson would not confirm the move , saying it was still only being talked about .
The decision follows the box - office success of three - dimensional films such as Avatar and Alice in Wonderland .
It comes after The Hobbit director Guillermo del Toro dropped the hint on a Lord of the Rings fan website earlier this month .
Del Toro said the film ’s studio backers were making inquiries about filming the adaptation of JRR Tolkien ’s The Hobbit in 3D and discussions had begun .
An industry insider was adamant The Hobbit would be filmed in 3D and Weta Digital – which won an Oscar for its work on Avatar – would be working on the project .
Yesterday , a spokesman for Jackson ’s Wingnut Films , Matt Dravitzki , said nothing had been set in stone .
“ What Guillermo said on the blog is as far as things got .
It ’s a conversation being had by a lot of studios but that ’s as much as it is at this stage .
We do n’t have a cast , we do n’t have a green light , and until any of those things happen no decision around [ 3D ] will be announced or made . ”
When the project – initially two movies – was announced in 2007 , filming was tentatively set to begin last year .
Filming was to have begun in April this year but British actor Sir Ian McKellen , who will reprise his role as the wizard Gandalf , expected shooting to begin in June .
The industry insider said the shift to digital 3D pushed the start of filming out to at least October .
Avatar has smashed box office records , earning $ 3.6 billion worldwide .
In New Zealand it has grossed $ 16 million , with at least $ 12 m of that at 24 3D cinema .
The rest of the NCAA tournament 's East Regional had better listen to all that barking .
When these surging Huskies are running in unison , they 're no ordinary 11th seed -- and not even third - seeded New Mexico can keep up .
Pondexter scored 18 points , Thomas added 15 and Washington extended its incredible late - season roll all the way to the regional semifinals with an 82 - 64 second - round victory Saturday .
Matthew Bryan - Amaning had 15 points and nine rebounds for the Huskies ( 26 - 9 ) , who have won nine straight , including the Pac - 10 tournament and wins over two higher - seeded opponents at the Shark Tank .
Washington ran right past the Lobos ( 30 - 5 ) , who simply could n't keep up with the breakneck offensive pace in their second loss in three games , falling behind by 23 points midway through the second half .
" We did a great job of forcing our tempo on them , " said Pondexter , who did n't need another last - second tiebreaker as he did in beating Marquette two days earlier .
" We wanted to show that we have another level of fast break and defensive intensity .
That 's what really wore them down . "
The Huskies have become the epitome of a talented team peaking at tournament time .
Washington began the season in the national rankings , but their season seemed sunk in late January at 12 - 7 before this stellar finish .
" When I kept saying in January , ' Do n't panic , ' it was for a reason , " Pondexter said with a grin .
" We still had a lot of time to come together and make a push like we are now . "
Washington advanced to next week 's regional semifinal in Syracuse , N.Y. , against the winner of second - seeded West Virginia 's meeting with Missouri on Sunday .
The Huskies are in the round of 16 for the third time since 2005 .
Dairese Gary matched his career high with 25 points and Darington Hobson had 11 points and nine rebounds for New Mexico , which had a 15 - game winning streak and a top 10 national ranking before losing in the Mountain West tournament final last weekend .
The Lobos , who barely beat 14th - seeded Montana in their opener , have never won consecutive games in the NCAA tournament , missing their chance to make the round of 16 for the first time since the field was expanded to 64 teams in 1985 .
Hobson , slowed by an injured left wrist , was left seething after predicting a long tournament run by New Mexico .
" They played the best game of their life tonight , " Hobson said .
" They 're not even that good .
They just played a good game tonight .
We were n't ready , and they beat us . "
Despite the pregame plan of Lobos coach Steve Alford , who wore a bright red blazer on the sideline , New Mexico inexplicably played the first half at the uptempo pace favored by the athletic Huskies .
Washington ran the Lobos ' seven - man rotation off the court , jumping to a 12 - point halftime lead in front of a friendly West Coast crowd .
" We knew they had seven players that were going to be tired , and we knew by the end of the game they would be exhausted , " Thomas said .
" We did a good job of getting them running .
...
We have a lot of dudes who like to run , so that 's to our favor . "
Already up 48 - 36 , Washington scored nine straight points early in the second half , capped by Pondexter 's layup in traffic with less than 14 minutes to play .
While Pondexter grinned broadly and Thomas pounded his chest , Gary and Hobson hunched over , breathless .
" It 's just a really good basketball team that 's playing really well , " Alford said .
" They 've won nine in a row , so Lorenzo [ Romar ] has got them playing at a very high level .
It 's kind of scary , and that 's what we ran into today .
That 's hard to compete against . "
The game was seen by some fans as a referendum on the relative strengths of the Mountain West , which sent four teams to the NCAAs , and the Pac - 10 , which sent just two .
But it also matched two surging programs : New Mexico had won 16 of its last 17 games , while Washington was 13 - 2 since late January .
Hobson led the Lobos in points , rebounds and assists , but the junior hurt his left wrist and back on a first - round tumble to the court .
He insisted he could play through the pain , but appeared to be favoring the wrist in pregame warmups -- and he went 1 of 3 in the first half , failing to score after a 3 - pointer in the opening minutes .
New Mexico senior Roman Martinez was badly cut over his left eye with 12 minutes left in a collision with a teammate .
He returned in a different jersey and finished with 10 points .
Feb. 26 , 2010  --
Three - year - old Ela Reyes is caught in the middle of her feuding parents ' divorce battle -- a private child custody fight that has erupted in a public firestorm over religion and the boundaries of faith and the law .
Joseph Reyes faces jail time for taking daughter , Ela , to a Catholic church in defiance of a temporary court order forbidding him from exposing the child to any religion but Judaism .
His estranged wife , Rebecca Reyes spoke exclusively to ABC News ' Chris Cuomo about why she asked for the order and the jail time , in a case that is making national headlines .
Love Affair Begins in a Boxing Ring
When Joseph Reyes and Rebecca Shapiro first met while boxing at a Chicago gym , they knocked each other out .
" There was a happiness about her ... a glow , " Joseph said .
" I thought he was fantastic from the moment I met him , " said Rebecca .
" I loved how he challenged me intellectually .
I thought he was great . "
CLICK HERE to read the full transcript of Chris Cuomo's exclusive interview with Rebecca Reyes
Sparring turned to dating , and the two got closer .
Rebecca , an up - and - coming lawyer , fell hard and fast for Joseph , an Army intelligence specialist preparing to leave for Afghanistan on a secret mission he could n't share with Rebecca .
But the one thing he could tell her before shipping off to war was all she needed to know :
He wanted to marry her .
He popped the question , she said yes , and that gave him " something to make my way back to the states for , " he told Cuomo .
Good Catholic Boy Marries Nice Jewish Girl
When Joseph returned from Afghanistan six months later , the couple planned their dream wedding , a dream Jewish wedding , as it turned out .
Joseph was raised Catholic ; Rebecca grew up Jewish .
Although both said they were open - minded about religion , Rebecca 's overbearing parents did not accept their daughter marrying a non-Jew , according to Joseph .
Rebecca denied that , and said that she was OK with his religion as long as he agreed to build a Jewish home .
Their wedding in the fall of 2004 was a traditional Jewish affair .
They signed a ketubah , a Hebrew marriage contract , and held the wedding ceremony under a huppa , a ceremonial canopy that symbolizes the creation of a Jewish household .
They broke a glass to thunderous applause and joyously danced the hora according to Jewish custom .
" I had that death - defying moment where I thought they were gonna catapult me from the chair ... and I thought ' this is going to be tragic .
...
But it was a perfect day , " Rebecca happily recounted .
Joseph agreed : " Being back with Rebecca and actually getting to build a life together was great , " he told Cuomo .
Storybook Romance Hits the Skids
Unfortunately , Rebecca and Joseph 's marital bliss would not last .
As Joseph 's career floundered , Rebecca became disenchanted .
" He just walked away from a series of things without considering the amount of money that -- that I had asked from my parents to support us .
And that was really difficult .
And then , all of a sudden , the entire financial burden was on me , " she said .
They fought , said Rebecca , and " we just did n't see the world the same .
We had different expectations for what two people in love should act like . "
Joseph also blamed her parents : " Rebecca made it very clear at some point in time that her family , her parents were her primary family and that I fell secondary , " he said .
Still , during this dark time came a blessing , their daughter , Ela , born in November 2006 .
Ela " is the nucleus of everything I do , " said Joseph .
" She is this " perfect , amazing little girl , " Rebecca said .
But for all the joy she brought , decisions on how to parent her would bring a lot of pain .
Religion Becomes a Battleground
With their marriage collapsing , religion became a battleground , and little Ela came into the cross fire .
They had firmly agreed to raise Ela Jewish , said Rebecca .
" We had pledged in the marriage contract to raise Jewish children and so we had a Jewish home . "
Their Jewish life , according to Rebecca , meant frequently going to synagogue , sending Ela to a Jewish preschool , and celebrating Jewish holidays .
" Being Jewish is a humongous part of who I am , " she told Cuomo .
Joseph told a different story , denying that he had agreed to have a Jewish home and raise Jewish kids , claiming that religion was not a significant part of their life .
But Rebecca countered with an inconvenient fact for Joseph .
He converted to Judaism after Ela was born , complete with a " ritualized circumcision " that involved a pin prink to a very sensitive area .
That takes commitment , Rebecca said , " that 's a Jew right there . "
Explaining why he subjected himself to that , Joseph said : " Because I loved my wife .
And I wanted to see her happy .
And I wanted to put us in the situation where being married to me was n't problematic to her parents . "
No matter whose story is true , they agree that the marriage had become toxic , and tensions were about to explode .
" I was angry , " said Rebecca , " I was angry that my fairytale was dying . "
And so was Joseph's .
He suspected his wife was having an affair after she changed her cell phone account , seemed distant , and started wearing sexier clothes to work , he said .
One day , he said , he happened upon a cache of her personal e-mails , dozens of steamy messages between her and another lawyer .
Rebecca denied having an affair .
" I did n't leave him for anybody else .
I left him because of who we were , " she told Cuomo .
But she did leave , and according to her , he did not take it well .
" I called him to let him know that Ela and I were gonna go to my parents ' house and he showed up the next day with the Skokie police , saying that I had abducted his daughter , " she said .
Joseph said he was beat up in divorce court , a system that he believes is rigged against men .
He lost early on : Rebecca got the home , the car , custody of their child .
Joseph Fires Back With Secret Baptism
But Joseph fired back .
He sent Rebecca an e-mail with pictures attached , saying they were " taken of our beautiful daughter on the day of her baptism . "
" It made me kind of sick that he would do something like that , when I 'm the custodial parent , without talking to me , " Rebecca told Cuomo .
Rebecca said that in her most cynical moments she believes he did it just to punish her : " He knew that it would really hurt me .
It really did , " Rebecca said tearfully .
" Because I 'm Jewish .
Because my daughter 's Jewish .
Because my husband was Jewish .
And I never want her to think that she has to choose between her mommy and her daddy , ever , " she told Cuomo .
But Joseph claimed that the baptism was not meant to taunt Rebecca , it was " an insurance policy on the soul .
That 's not indoctrination . "
Catholicism is important to him , he said .
Besides , he asserted , " if Rebecca is as solid in her beliefs as she 's purporting to be ... then the baptism is nothing more than some harmless sprinkling of water on a child 's head . "
Rebecca Uses Law to Keep Ela Out of Church
Desperate to stop Joseph from changing Ela 's religion , Rebecca took her case to court , and won .
In December 2009 , Rebecca filed court papers asking that Joseph be forbidden " from taking Ela to church or taking other actions counter to Ela 's Jewish education and upbringing . "
She argued that the baptism represented " inappropriate behavior " and that going to church could cause " irreparable injury " and " harm " to her daughter .
The harm , Rebecca said , was from " the constant undermining of who [ Ela ] is , who she was born as , and who we agreed she would be in our home . "
" There will be confusion ; there will be an abrogation of her identity , " she said .
Chicago family law Judge Edward R. Jordan agreed with Rebecca , issuing what some legal experts called an extraordinary court order that temporarily barred Joseph from " exposing Ela Reyes to any other religion other than the Jewish religion , during his visitation . "
This ruling confounded Joseph , who said that " the court system that took my wife 's side has a legal obligation to prove harm .
There 's no harm to Ela that I took her to church , there 's no harm that I had her baptized . "
Angry and defiant over what he said was an outrageous and unconstitutional court order , Joseph marched his toddler into a Catholic Church , with cameras in tow .
" I was willing to die fighting for these rights in Afghanistan .
There 's not a whole lot worse they can do to me than that , " he told a local TV station filming him leaving the church .
Jail Time for Going to Church ?
After Joseph 's media stunt , Rebecca rushed back to court , saying Joseph clearly violated the order and endangered Ela by putting her in the public eye .
As punishment , she asked that he be charged with indirect criminal contempt , a crime that carries up to six months in jail .
" Rebecca is trying to have me jailed for six months , " Joseph told Cuomo .
" I can't even think of any situation where I would want Rebecca removed from Ela 's life for six months , regardless of the ill feelings that we have , regardless of what I think of Rebecca 's parenting . "
" I understood in that moment that I no longer had any semblance of a partner on the other side .
This is about parenting .
This is not about religion , " Rebecca told Cuomo .
" He decided to violate a court order , " Rebecca said .
" And he got Ela embroiled in a media nightmare . "
" At this stage , it 's about Mr. Reyes taking the law into his own hands , " Rebecca 's lawyer Steven Lake from Lake Toback told ABC News .
But Joseph said she is missing the point : " This is an issue about constitutional rights .
This is an issue about a court system that has run amuck , " he asserted .
" He 's not doing this out of spite , he 's taking actions because he believes in a in a very fundamental principal , " said Joseph 's attorney Joel Brodsky .
Joseph maintained his innocence and at arraignment pled not guilty to the contempt charge .
Private Battle Erupts Into Public Religious Debate
Rebecca and Joseph 's private divorce battle has attracted national media attention and a very vocal public response .
She said strangers have contacted her on Facebook , saying she should raise her daughter Catholic , and some even showed up at Ela 's preschool , asking about her little girl .
She blamed Joseph for putting Ela in this " dangerous position . "
Joseph believes Rebecca is exaggerating , and said that the real harm is courts ' intrusion into private parenting decisions .
" There are dads all over this country whose rights to be a parent are being infringed upon , " he told Cuomo .
" Noncustodial parents , overwhelmingly dads , get the short end of the stick . "
How and when he worships with his daughter should not be up to a judge or his soon to be ex-wife , he maintained .
Chance for Reconciliation ?
As they prepare to head back to court next week , both Joseph and Rebecca say almost the same thing : that they are open to exposing their child to both faiths , and that if the other would just reach out , as a parent , this might all be resolved .
Joseph , through his attorney , has proposed a settlement : Ela would be raised Jewish but " Joseph will be able to take Ela with him to church on Sundays , and to other major Christian religious observances when those days fall during his visitation periods . "
Rebecca said she too would like an amicable ending .
" I hope that , if nothing else , he can just see me as Ela 's mom , " she told Cuomo .
" That he will help me protect her , going forward .... like parents do ?
this perfect , amazing little girl , who deserves the very best in both of us . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
per se .
As a celebrity you already have a hard enough time getting arrested , and as a celebrity who just won an award , you 'd probably have to actually take a dump on the President to get even a traffic citation .
No , you 're mainly concerned about public image .
How do you retain the spotlight and humiliate this interloper , all while reasserting your award winning talent and handsomeness ?
Like this : _________OK .
You 're on stage thanking your wife and your girlfriend and whatnot , when you spot someone moving quickly towards you .
Do n't panic !
First identify your foe .
Let 's say it looks like that one guy from that show , intent on using your moment to further his own distressing career .
Oh yeah , I 'm sure everyone 's really excited about what The Big Bang Theory is doing for sweeps week , guy .
Your goal now is simple : Keep the microphone away from Commander Haircut Pivot away from your aggressor , keeping your body between him and the microphone .
Next , grip the microphone tightly in both hands , and start swinging your elbows back and forth , looking for cheap strikes to the ribs or abdomen .
Continue your speech as before .
A more advanced technique involves you handling the mic one handed , using your free hand to run interference .
Get it right up in your attacker 's face ; many celebrities are vulnerable to having their nostrils torn out .
_________ Offense
So let 's say you 've lost possession of the rock .
You 've got a couple options then .
The passive option -- just standing there looking stupid - - is n't a bad one .
You will probably win some sympathy from the audience .
The problem is that as these sort of events become more common , with random usurpers running on stage to rock the mike like a vandal , the audience will become more accepting of them .
Would you feel as sorry for Taylor Swift if she got Kanye 'd again ?
Or would you ask why she did n't have some pepper spray with her ?
My recommended option then is to fight back .
Any sort of grappling technique should work well here , and of course you do still have a fairly heavy award statue / surfboard in your hand which could be used as a cudgel .
Remember to keep thanking your colleagues and family as you do so !
Sudden wrestling ( with clubs ) is no excuse to forget your manners .
Beyond the basics , there are certain advanced techniques which may also suit your needs .
Many of these techniques require advance preparation , so if you 've blown all the right people and know you 'll be winning a major award in the near future , these may warrant some investigation .
______ Death From Above
Let 's say that a young musician , high on his own self importance and probably some MDMA , has wrestled the microphone from your grip .
A gross size differential prevents you from winning the microphone back physically , but having prepared for this very moment , you react calmly , and toss a small piece of raw meat in their direction .
Your falcon , trained over the past two years and previously concealed in the rafters of the theater , descends and begins tearing large strips of flesh from your aggressor 's face and neck .
You retrieve the microphone , and conclude your speech adding a very special thanks to " Mr. Flappy . "
Softly , softly
So you 've begun your speech , and out of the corner of your eye , spot a Powerful Hollywood Producer approaching you with gin soaked cheeks .
This is a tricky situation , because injuring or embarrassing this industry captain may gravely limit your future career prospects .
You 've just won a major award so it would be a real shame if you had to sleep your way to the top yet again .
A principle derived from soft martial arts will work best here , using your opponent 's own momentum to divert the blow .
As you see the producer approach , publicly acknowledge him , thanking him for his support over the years ( even if he 's actively worked against you ) .
As he closes with you , grasp him tightly with one arm and continue your speech , moving the microphone to the off hand .
" We did it !
We really did it ! " you say , slapping your aggressor on the back , while he clumsily grasps at your microphone .
By embracing him with one arm , you 'll force him to go around the front of you to get at the microphone , a move easily countered by rotating away from him slowly .
This process can be repeated for quite some time , the two of you spinning round and around as you bravely continue your speech , talking in circles as it were .
Prometheus Uh-oh .
A former collaborator is approaching the stage , seething at the new found acclaim you 've earned that he feels should properly be directed at him .
You 've got seconds to decide how to react .
What do you do ?
Fortunately because you worked with this man for many months , you 're intimately familiar with his strengths and weaknesses .
This valuable information , and some advance planning has resulted in you standing on stage at the Academy Awards , not helpless , but rather with a squirt gun full of gasoline taped to your back .
Withdrawing it as he draws close , you produce a cigarette lighter with your off hand , and casually immolate your former second unit director , recalling with a thin smile the conversation you'd had where he mentioned how being set on fire would badly hurt him .
Off the Top Turn - Buckle From the front row , a fading beauty is giving you the stink - eye and beginning to stand up .
Once Hollywood 's " It " girl , her career had been reduced to occasional Law & Order guest appearances and a blog on the Huffington Post .
And boy is she pissed off that you , the writer of an adapted screenplay of all fucking things , are receiving more attention than she is .
Angry , bitter , and still in fantastic shape thanks to a terrifyingly comprehensive workout regime , she is fully capable of ripping you in half .
Her one weakness however will be her shoes , with the necessary 4 inch heal to elongate her sagging calves .
This raises her center of gravity , leaving her vulnerable to a variety of throws .
So , turn away from her slightly until she draws closer to the podium .
Then crouch and pivot , fluidly moving forward and thrusting your shoulder into her midsection .
Her body should fold over you , at which point you can stand up , lifting her over your shoulder .
At this point you have a few options .
Finish your speech as normal , with the ass of one of Hollywood 's leading ladies in frame as you do so ( this will ensure you stay popular on YouTube for several years ) .
Or , if you have a flair for the dramatic , grasp her tightly and fall backwards , driving her face into the floor behind you .
This is called the " Cecil B. Demille Suplex " and is easily the most electrifying move in all of peer - bestowed awards acceptance .
The Long Play
An adorable toe - headed child , star of three Disney movies and twelve music videos in the past year alone , approaches the stage .
He is completely untouchable .
Although one solid kick to the upper chest would be enough to fell him , and the silence that followed such a strike a seemingly ideal time for delivering your prepared remarks , this is short sighted , and will ensure you receive no further acclamations in the future .
No , the audience loves this little scamp , and once he 's decided to take the stage , there 's little you can do to stop him .
So do n't .
Let him have his moment .
Hold him up to the microphone and smile broadly as you do so .
Let everyone see what a great human being you are , sharing your moment in the sun with this star of the future .
Backstage , having earned the world 's love and the child 's trust , give him so much drugs .
Load that child up like a fucking Sherpa .
Then , acting from the shadows over the next 12 years , quietly run him in to the ground , feeding him bad advice and worse women , until his career consists of little more than voice - over work for re-dubbed Japanese porn cartoons .
After that , clean him up a bit , help him through rehab , and when he gets out , give him a friendly punch on the shoulder and explain to him that this is why no - one , ever , ever , crosses you , Kate Winslet , in this town .
_________
The Jerusalem Post
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
hasbara
A delegation of Palestinian journalists from the Gaza Strip and the West Bank toured Tel Aviv on Thursday , as part of an initiative to build bridges between the Arab media and their peers in Israel .
Among those present were three reporters from the Gaza Strip and two from the West Bank .
The reporters work for a variety of news outlets , both in the Arabic and English - speaking worlds .
The trip was arranged by the non-profit Israel advocacy group “ The Israel Project , ” whose Web site describes the group as “ an international non-profit organization devoted to educating the press and the public about Israel while promoting security , freedom and peace .
” The Israel Project focuses largely on making connections with foreign media outlets , in order to present Israel ’s point of view before reports are filed .
Officials at the Israel Project toldthis week that they have made their Arab Media Program and forging greater connections with the Arab media a top priority of their organization .
The journalists met first with Major Avichai Edri , head of the Arabic - language branch of the IDF Spokesman ’s Office .
Edri is a familiar face in the Arab world , appearing on a near - daily basis on Arab TV channels from the Persian Gulf to Morocco to London , as well as on Israel ’s Arabic TV channels and radio stations .
Held at a café on Rehov Ibn Gvirol with a luncheon at a restaurant on Sderot Rothschild , the meetings had a very friendly atmosphere , with the reporters and Edri talking about a number of issues , including politics , Gilad Schalit , Hamas , gays in the military , and football .
The conversation also dealt with differences in perceptions , in particular whether Operation Cast Lead was a military operation or a war .
Edri said he felt the meeting was very successful and said he felt fortunate “ to be able to actually speak face - to - face with them [ the journalists ] , ” especially considering that he is “ already friends with some of them on Facebook .
” Edri characterized the meeting as “ the type of conversation where you learn a lot and are also able to teach a lot .
There were a lot of things we spoke about where I was able to present the Israeli side of things and other issues where we just agreed to disagree .
” Edri said that , speaking to the journalists , he gained a greater appreciation of the difficulties they face in reporting from Gaza , particularly in regard to censorship and criticism of Hamas .
Edri said he wanted to present the journalists with a picture of how the IDF views the threats it faces on its borders both with Gaza and in the North .
He said that he felt that the reporters relished the opportunity to speak face - to - face with an official IDF spokesman , even though they largely disagree over the security issues facing Israel “ and still do n’t understand why we went to war in Gaza .
” One of the journalists , Palestinian TV broadcaster Lana Shaheen , said she appreciated the opportunity to meet fellow reporters in Israel and described the difficulties of being a reporter in the Gaza Strip .
Originally from Syria , Shaheen has lived in Gaza since 1997 with her Palestinian husband .
She described living in Gaza under the Israeli blockade as “ a lot of little things on top of little things that make life very difficult .
” In particular she described the lack of freedom of movement and the sporadic availability of electricity as issues that make life difficult , especially for a reporter pressured to meet deadlines .
When the power is off , Shaheen said she resorts to using a generator to file stories .
In addition , Shaheen says she has to contend with significant censorship from Hamas on what journalists can report from the Gaza Strip .
Such limits make it very difficult to present a completely objective picture of the situation on the ground .
Shaheen said “ to some extent ” Hamas controls what they can report .
She used the example of a friend who works for the BBC who produced a report on the rather widespread making of homemade wine in Gaza , “ and the next day we receive a statement from a Hamas spokesman saying they are supporting the enemy and this is immoral .
” Shaheen said that being a female journalist is not a big issue , and that she typically goes to work in jeans , and does n’t wear Islamic headdress .
Shimrit Meir , senior advisor for the Israel Project ’s Arab Media Program , said that the journalists had a great time in Tel Aviv , and that after the luncheon on Sderot Rothschild they headed to Jaffa to stroll around before hitting the Azrieli Mall to shop for friends and loved ones back home .
Meir said she was very pleased with how the outing turned out .
“ It wasexactly what we wanted .
We did n’t want them to come for some hard - core [ public diplomacy ] meeting , with briefings from Israeli officials .
Wewanted them to be able to meet Avichai as well as Israeli journalists .
Also , we wanted them to have the opportunity to come to Israel , get outof Gaza and see the other side in a quiet , peaceful way . ” Meir said the journalists headed back to the Gaza Strip and the WestBank after the shopping runs , because of work and not any sort ofsecurity regulation .
She did , however , admit that it took several daysand some wrangling with Israeli authorities and those in Gaza in orderto get approval for the journalists to come .
“ Everything we can do to give them a balanced atmosphere and adifferent view of Israel as well as interactions with Israelis is verypositive .
This human interaction is the best hasbara possible . ”
Iranian Opposition ' Running a Marathon , Not a Sprint '
After more than a year of trying to engage positively with Iran , the first rumblings of discontent have been heard from within the Obama administration .
In an interview with SPIEGEL ONLINE , Iran expert Karim Sadjadpour discusses efforts for future diplomacy with the uncompromising state , sanctions and the potential for a military strike .
View Message
You are not currently logged in
There is no message ID parameter specified to load .
Click
Here to continue .
An intro to modern OpenGL . Chapter 2.1 : Buffers and Textures
Last time , we got a window open and awaiting the instructions that will render our hello world program .
But before we actually draw anything , we 'll need to supply OpenGL with our data by creating objects of various kinds and uploading data into them .
Let 's go over the objects we 'll need to set up :
The pipeline revisited
By walking through the graphics pipeline we went over in the first chapter again , this time from the perspective of our " hello world " program , it will be clear what objects we 'll need .
Starting from the input end , our vertex array will contain four vertices , which the vertex shader will assign to the corners of the window .
The element array will compose these four vertices into a two - triangle strip , making a solid rectangle that covers the window .
We will build a couple of small buffer objects to hold both of these arrays in GPU memory .
Our uniform state will consist of our two " hello " images and the fade factor used to blend them .
Each of those images will need its own texture object .
In addition to mapping our vertices to the corners of the screen , the vertex shader will assign a set of texture coordinates to each vertex , mapping the vertex to its corresponding corner on the textures .
The rasterizer will then interpolate these texture coordinates across the surface of the rectangle so that , finally , our fragment shader can sample the two textures and blend them together using the fade factor .
To plug the shaders into OpenGL , we 'll create a program object to link together the vertex and fragment shader objects .
In this article , we 'll set up the buffer and texture objects ; next time , we 'll work on the shaders .
OpenGL C types
OpenGL defines its own set of GL * typedefs that mirrors the standard menagerie of C types : GLubyte , GLbyte , GLushort , GLshort , GLuint , GLint , GLfloat , and GLdouble alias their corresponding C types as you would expect .
On top of this basic set of types , OpenGL provides some additional typedefs with more semantic meaning :
GLchar* , used by functions that handle strings and expect pointers to null - terminated , ASCII strings
, used by functions that handle strings and expect pointers to null - terminated , ASCII strings GLclampf and GLclampd , typedefs for GLfloat and GLdouble used when values are expected to be in the range zero to one
and , typedefs for and used when values are expected to be in the range zero to one GLsizei , an integer typedef suitable for holding the size of a memory buffer , akin to the standard C library 's size_t
, an integer typedef suitable for holding the size of a memory buffer , akin to the standard C library 's GLboolean , a typedef for GLbyte intended to contain a GL_TRUE or GL_FALSE value , similar to C++ or C99's bool
, a typedef for intended to contain a or value , similar to C++ or C99's GLenum , a typedef of GLuint intended to contain a predefined GL_ * constant
, a typedef of intended to contain a predefined constant GLbitfield , another GLuint typedef intended to contain the bitwise - or of one or more GL_*_BIT masks
Storing our resources
A global struct variable like the g_resources struct here is the easiest way to share data between our initialization code and our GLUT callbacks .
OpenGL uses opaque GLuint values for object handles .
Our g_resources struct contains two GLuint fields we 'll use to hold the names of our vertex and element array buffer objects , and a two - element array of GLuint s for our two texture objects .
We 'll add more fields to hold our shader objects when we construct them in the next article .
OpenGL 's convention for manipulating objects is a bit unusual .
You create objects by generating one or more object names using a glGen *s function ( such as glGenBuffers or glGenTextures ) .
As mentioned above , these names are opaque GLuint values .
Any data owned or associated with the object is managed internally by OpenGL .
That part 's fairly typical .
How you use the name is the unusual part : to actually manipulate an object , you first bind its name to an OpenGL - defined target by calling the corresponding glBind * function ( glBindBuffer or glBindTexture ) .
You then provide the target as an argument to the OpenGL calls that set properties on or upload data into the bound object .
Target bindings also affect related OpenGL calls that do n't explicitly take the target as a parameter , as we 'll see when we discuss rendering .
For now , let 's see how this pattern plays out when constructing buffer objects :
Buffer objects
static GLuint make_buffer ( GLenum target , const void * buffer_data , GLsizei buffer_size ) { GLuint buffer ; glGenBuffers ( 1 , & buffer ) ; glBindBuffer ( target , buffer ) ; glBufferData ( target , buffer_size , buffer_data , GL_STATIC_DRAW ) ; return buffer ; }
Buffer objects are handles to OpenGL - managed memory .
Among other things , they are used to store vertex arrays ( using the GL_ARRAY_BUFFER target ) and element arrays ( using the GL_ELEMENT_ARRAY_BUFFER target ) .
When you allocate a buffer with glBufferData , you supply a usage hint that indicates how often you intend to access and change the data in the buffer , and OpenGL decides the best place in CPU or GPU memory to store its data based on that hint .
The hint does not actually constrain how the buffer gets used , but using buffers against their hinted usage will lead to poor performance .
For our program , we have constant vertex and element arrays that never need to change , so we give glBufferData the GL_STATIC_DRAW hint .
The STATIC part indicates that we do n't ever intend to change the data .
Buffers can also be hinted either DYNAMIC , which indicates we intend to write into the buffer frequently , or STREAM , which indicates we intend to regularly replace the entire contents of the buffer .
The DRAW part indicates that we intend the buffer to be read from only by the GPU .
The alternatives to DRAW are READ , which indicates a buffer which will be primarily read back by the CPU , and COPY , which indicates that the buffer will be a conduit between the CPU and GPU and that neither should be given preference .
Vertex and element array buffers will almost always use a GL_ *_DRAW hint .
static const GLfloat g_vertex_buffer_data [ ] = { - 1.0f , - 1.0f , 1.0f , - 1.0f , - 1.0f , 1.0f , 1.0f , 1.0 f } ; static const GLushort g_element_buffer_data [ ] = { 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 } ;
glBufferData sees your source data much as memcpy does : just a dumb stream of bytes .
We do n't tell OpenGL the structure of our arrays until we actually render from them .
This allows buffers to store vertex attributes and other data in almost any format , or to feed the same data in different ways to different render jobs .
In our case , we just specify the corners of our rectangle as a set of four two - component vectors .
Our element array is also simple , an array of GLushort s indexing the four vertex elements in order so that they can be assembled as a rectangular triangle strip .
In desktop OpenGL , an element array can consist of 8 - bit GLubyte , 16 - bit GLushort , or 32 - bit GLuint indices ; for OpenGL ES , only GLubyte or GLushort can be used .
We now fill in our make_resources with calls to make_buffer that allocate and fill our buffers as follows :
Texture objects
static GLuint make_texture ( const char * filename ) {
GLuint texture ; int width , height ; void * pixels = read_tga ( filename , & width , &height ) ; if ( ! pixels ) return 0 ;
As I mentioned in the last article , I 'm using the TGA format to store our " hello world " images .
I wo n't waste time going over the parsing code here ; it 's in util.c in the Github repo if you want to see it .
TGA 's pixel data is stored as a flat , packed , uncompressed array of three - byte RGB pixels ( actually stored in BGR order ) , with the pixels ordered starting from the bottom left of the image and working rightward and upward from there .
This format is perfect for feeding into OpenGL textures , as we 'll see shortly .
If reading the image file fails , we return zero , which is the " null object " name that will never be used by a real OpenGL object .
glGenTextures ( 1 , & texture ) ; glBindTexture ( GL_TEXTURE_2D , texture ) ;
Texture objects provide handles to structured arrays of GPU memory specialized for storing texture data .
OpenGL supports several types of textures , each with its own texture target , including 1d ( GL_TEXTURE_1D ) , 2d ( GL_TEXTURE_2D ) , and 3d ( GL_TEXTURE_3D ) textures .
There are also some more specialized texture types we might run into later .
2d textures are by far the most common kind .
Here we generate and bind a GL_TEXTURE_2D for one of our images .
Texture objects are distinct from buffer objects , because the GPU handles texture memory very differently from buffer memory :
Texture sampling and texture parameters
Whereas the vertex array is fed to the vertex shader one element at a time , and there 's no way for any execution of the vertex shader to access other elements , a texture makes its entire contents available to any invocation of either the vertex or fragment shaders .
Shaders sample the texture at one or more floating - point texture coordinates .
The elements of the texture array are distributed evenly into texture space , a square spanning the coordinates ( 0 , 0 ) to ( 1 , 1 ) ( or a line segment spanning 0 – 1 for 1d textures , or a cube spanning ( 0 , 0 , 0 ) –( 1 , 1 , 1 ) for 3d textures ) .
To distinguish from the x , y , z coordinates of object space , OpenGL labels the axes of texture space s , t , and r .
The texture space square is split evenly along these axes into rectangular cells , corresponding to the width and height of the original array .
The cell bordering ( 0 , 0 ) maps to the first element of the texture array , and subsequent elements get distributed to cells rightward and upward across the s and t axes .
Sampling the texture at the center of one of these cells gives the corresponding element from the texture array .
Note that the t axis can be thought of as increasing either upward or downward ( or in any direction , really ) , depending on the representation of the underlying array .
The other axes of texture space are similarly arbitrary .
Since TGA images store their pixels left - to - right and bottom - to - top , that 's how I 'm depicting the axes here .
glTexParameteri( GL_TEXTURE_2D , GL_TEXTURE_MIN_FILTER , GL_LINEAR ) ; glTexParameteri( GL_TEXTURE_2D , GL_TEXTURE_MAG_FILTER , GL_LINEAR ) ; glTexParameteri( GL_TEXTURE_2D , GL_TEXTURE_WRAP_S , GL_CLAMP_TO_EDGE ) ; glTexParameteri( GL_TEXTURE_2D , GL_TEXTURE_WRAP_T , GL_CLAMP_TO_EDGE ) ;
How sampling behaves when a texture is sampled between the centers of texture cells , or at coordinates outside of the zero - to - one range , is controlled by texture parameters , set by the glTexParameteri function .
The parameters GL_TEXTURE_MIN_FILTER and GL_TEXTURE_MAG_FILTER
control how in - between sample points are treated when the texture is sampled at a resolution lower and higher than its native resolution , respectively .
We set them to GL_LINEAR to tell the GPU to use linear interpolation to smoothly blend the four elements closest to the sample point .
If the user resizes our window , the texture image will then scale smoothly .
Setting the filters to GL_NEAREST would tell the GPU to return the texture element closest to the sample point , leading to blocky , pixelated scaling .
The GL_TEXTURE_WRAP_S and GL_TEXTURE_WRAP_T
parameters control how coordinates beyond the zero - to - one range on their respective axes are treated ; in our case , we do n't plan to sample outside that range , so we use GL_CLAMP_TO_EDGE , which clamps coordinates below zero to zero , and above one to one .
A wrap value of GL_WRAP for one or both axes would cause the texture image to be repeated infinitely through texture space along the wrapped axes .
Describing it in abstract , texture sampling might sound like just extremely convoluted 2d array indexing .
It will make more sense if we look at how our fragment shader will wind up sampling the texture :
In our vertex shader , we 'll assign the corners of the texture space square to our rectangle 's vertices .
When the rasterized size of the rectangle matches the size of the texture ( that is , when our window is the same size as the image ) , the centers of the fragments ( the crosses in the figure ) will line up with the centers of our texture cells ( the circles ) , and the fragment shader will wind up sampling the image pixel - for - pixel , as you see on the left side .
If the rectangle 's rasterized size does n't match the texture , each fragment will wind up sampling between the centers of our texture cells , and the linear filtering will ensure we get a smooth gradient between the texture elements , as the right side demonstrates .
Allocating textures
glTexImage2D ( GL_TEXTURE_2D , 0 , /* target , level of detail */ GL_RGB8 , /* internal format */ width , height , 0 , /* width , height , border */ GL_BGR , GL_UNSIGNED_BYTE , /* external format , type */ pixels /* pixels */ ) ; free ( pixels ) ; return texture ; }
The glTexImage2D ( or - 1D or - 3D ) function allocates memory for a texture .
Textures can have multiple levels of detail , sampling from a hierarchy of progressively smaller " mipmaps " when sampled at lower resolutions , but in our case we only supply the base level zero .
Unlike glBufferData , glTexImage2D expects all of the format information for the allocated memory to be presented up front .
The internal format tells the GPU how many color components to store per texture element and at what precision .
OpenGL supports all sorts of different image formats ; I 'll only mention what we use here .
Our TGA files use 24 - bit RGB pixels , in other words , they sport three 8 - bit components per pixel .
This corresponds to the GL_RGB8 internal format .
The width and height count the number of texture elements along the s and t axes .
( The border argument is a relic and should always be zero . )
The external format and type declare the component order and type of our pixels argument , which points to width × height packed texture elements of the specified format .
TGA stores its unsigned byte - sized pixel components in BGR order , so we use GL_BGR for the external format and GL_UNSIGNED_BYTE for the component type .
Let 's add some make_texture calls to our make_resources function to create our texture objects :
Next time , shaders
We now have our vertex and image data prepped and ready to launch through the graphics pipeline .
The next step is to write the shaders that will steer that data through the GPU and land it on the screen .
That 's what we 'll look at in the next part of this chapter .
It ’s another episode of the DJV podcast with Doug , Jen , Victoria and Cara and of course - we have to start off today with an overview of ...
Every day , about 10 billion cells in a human body commit suicide .
Cells infected by virus , that are transformed or otherwise dysfunctional altruistically sacrifice themselves for the greater good .
Now , new imaging experiments have revealed a previously unseen order to this process , showing closely related cells dying in synchrony as a wave of destruction sweeps across their mitochondria , snuffing out the main source of energy that keeps cells alive .
In experiments published recently in The Journal of Cell Science and Biophysical Journal , researchers inSanford M. Simon 's Laboratory of Cellular Biophysics at Rockefeller University photographed the deaths of individual cells , showing an orderly series of events in the staged shut - down of the cell .
The experiments revealed that the likelihood of death , as well as the timing , depends on how closely cells are related , not on their proximity to one another or their stage in the cell cycle .
The findings rule out , for instance , the hypothesis that cells die in a localized cascade accelerated by the secretion of toxic molecules from dying cells nearby .
" What we saw is that , regardless of their location , only the sister cells remained linked in the timing of their deaths , " says Simon .
" It suggests that there is not some nonspecific toxic effect here , but that the variability is in the molecular makeup of the cells -- the variability in the population . "
Apoptosis is crucial not just in the routine maintenance of life but also in early development -- when some cells , such as those that would otherwise form webbing between human fingers , are programmed to die -- and in the tuning and trimming of the nervous system .
" I like to think of it as sculpting , chipping away pieces at a time to create the form , " Simon says .
A better understanding of apoptosis could help explain certain developmental disorders .
What 's more , cell death , or the lack thereof , is important in the pathology of some cancers , in which mutant cells fail to die and grow out of control , forming tumors and spreading throughout the body .
One potential therapeutic goal would be to learn how to trigger cell death in targeted populations , like tumors .
Investigating the population dynamics of cell death led to the examination , on a much faster timescale , of what was happening inside individual cells during apoptosis .
Using single - cell microscopy and fluorescent tags that probe for cell function or for proteins that leave the mitochondria during apoptosis , graduate fellow Patrick Bhola and Postdoctoral Associate Alexa Mattheyses took pictures as the proteins dispersed through the membrane of one mitochondrion and the process spread in a wave to the other mitochondria in a cell .
Some scientists had assumed that this happened simultaneously to all mitochondria throughout the cell .
" This spatial coordination means that there is an upstream signal for release that is spatially localized within individual cells , " says Mattheyses .
" The idea in general was to look at individual events in the cells and see if we could get any insights that we could not get looking macroscopically at whole populations of them , " Simon says .
Simon 's close - up , observational approach has recently yielded new insights into how cells import and export protein cargoes across the cell membrane and how individual HIV particles are born , among other things .
Now the microscopy techniques are enabling a deeper understanding of apoptosis , says Bhola .
" It 's one of those things where if you can't see what 's going on , you tend to assume it 's random or all at once , " he says .
" But when you get a good look , you find it happens in a very organized fashion . "
I upset a lot of people with my Perl 5 is Dying post .
In fact , that is far and away one of the most heavily cited posts I have .
I made people mad at me .
I made a lot of people talk .
While I 'm sorry I made people mad ( and I 've had some blunt comments directed at me in pubs as a result ) , I 'm very proud of that post .
It got a lot of people arguing and thinking and I like to believe it spurred a few people ( well , me at least ) to do something about it .
Here are just a few things which have been happening to turn things around ( I am not taking credit for this .
Many of these things would have happened any way and I was simply one of many people pointing out the problem ) .
First , and this is totally subjective , I do n't see as many " Perl is dead " posts being written and Perl buzz is improving somewhat , as measured by TIOBE .
Plus , Perl and is still doing excellently in job trends :
The Perl Foundation Marketing Committee is doing well and Dan Magnuszewski has been doing good work keeping on top of things and you can subscribe to the marketing list to see for yourself .
Gabor Szabo has been particularly active here and has done tireless work in this area .
Uri Guttman has also been helping out and helped connect us with Rich Sands , an excellent software marketing and business strategy executive who 's working with TPF to help fix Perl 's marketing issues .
His previous experience with Sun and Java is clearly shining through here .
Meanwhile , Leo Lapworth has been busy revamping a lot of Perl web sites ( and has more up his sleeve ) and Jon Allen has been doing the same , including with the perl.org 's most popular subdomain , perldoc.perl.org .
chromatic 's Modern Perl Books blog is rather popular and helping to spread the word about best practices in Perl .
Oh , and I would be silly to ignore the fact that blogs .
perl.org is a shiny new blogging platform which the folks at Six Apart have done such an excellent job helping with ( and many thanks to Dave and Aaron for their work on it ! ) .
There are several people here participating in the Perl Iron Man competition that Matt Trout announced as part of the Enlightened Perl project .
In short , we 've come a long way .
A number of these initiatives started before the " Perl is dying " post and a number of them happened after .
I do n't want to confuse correlation with causation because many of them would have happened anyway , so please do n't think I 'm taking credit for this .
This post is to simply give people a " heads up " as to where we are and where we 're going .
Of course , there 's quite a bit more I could mention , but this post is getting long enough as is .
My apologies to all the folks working in this area who I 've not mentioned .
I think things are definitely looking up and I 'm very happy to see so many excellent people pitching in .
Thank you all .
Forensic teams are combing the scene of the bomb attack A bomb has exploded outside a building in the Patissia area of the Greek capital Athens , killing a 15 - year - old boy , police say .
The boy 's 10 - year - old sister was seriously injured and their mother , 45 , was slightly hurt , officials said .
Police said the family , all Afghans , were apparently just walking past the building when the bomb , contained in a bag , exploded .
Greek anti-terrorism officers have cordoned off the area .
The device exploded late on Sunday in front of an institute for training public officials .
Police said there had been no warning .
Early reports described the victim as a man , but police later issued a clarification .
" We do not know yet about the motive or the intended target .
All I can tell you , from what the mother told the police , is that the victim was her 15 - year - old son , " police spokesman Athanasios Kokalakis told the Associated Press .
Athens has seen a number of recent attacks blamed on leftist militants .
Bomb attacks earlier this month targeted the home of a Pakistani community leader and the office of a far - right anti-immigration group .
Earlier attacks targeted banks and government buildings and were attributed to far - left or anarchist groups .
Greece has faced severe anti-government protests and rioting since police shot dead a teenager in December 2008 .
Are you in the area ?
Do you have any information you would like to share ?
Please let us know by using the form below Send your pictures to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to +44 7725 100 100 .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
In most cases a selection of your comments will be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Certificata Classe 10 , la nuova gamma di schede di memoria in formato microSD HC firmate Kingston raggiungono capienza massima pari a 16 GB e transfer rate mai inferiori ai 10 MB/s .
Il nuovo prodotto di punta è la microSD HC Classe 10 da 16GB .
Maggiori dettagli di seguito .
La diffusione di smartphone sempre più prestanti implica l'adozione di schede di memoria sempre più capaci e , soprattutto , veloci .
Registrare video in formato HD 720 p o scattare foto ad 8 MegaPixel è una moda di molti dei telefoni cellulari al debutto ( o quasi ) e si tratta di operazioni nelle quali i transfer rate in termini di MB /s sono decisamente cruciali .
Per non dimenticare chi esegue rapidissime foto in modalità multiscatto .
Kingston , ben conscia di questo aspetto , è stata una delle primissime aziende a lanciare da poco sul mercato nuove soluzioni microSD con capacità che raggiungono i 16GB e transfer rate minimi di 10 MB/s : nascono le microSD HC Classe 10 .
Soltanto lo scorso venerdì , infatti , l'azienda ha annunciato la disponibilità di microSD HC Class 10 da 16GB .
Questa card a elevata capacità risponde ai requisiti definiti dalla SD Association per quanto riguarda la Class 10 .
Ciò si traduce nella possibilità per gli utenti di trasferire facilmente e rapidamente file da un dispositivo mobile a un PC , sia che si utilizzi una card stand - alone sia un adattatore .
“ Dispositivi host quali , ad esempio , fotocamere ad alta definizione e i più recenti smartphone vengono progettati per ottimizzare le proprie performance di scrittura che a loro volta beneficiano delle prestazioni della card Class 10 , ” ha dichiarato Steve Hall , Product Development Manager dei prodotti Flash , Kingston Technology .
“ Gli utenti potranno copiare e trasferire in maniera rapida foto , musica , video e e-book utilizzando un lettore multi-formato come Kingston Media Reader o Kingston MobileLiteG2 con un PC . ”
Kingston Technology fornisce agli utenti adattatori aggiuntivi così da poter utilizzare la card con dispositivi che possiedono slot per SD e miniSD .
La possibilità di inserire la card in un adattatore SD aumenta in maniera significativa la capacità del dispositivo .
Una fotocamera digitale con inserita una SDHC o una miniSD card , infatti , consente di catturare immagini e video in maniera continua .
Ogni adattatore consente agli utenti di immagazzinare i dati su una card attraverso multiple piattaforme di dispositivi Class 10 .
La microSDHC
Class 10 da 16 GB di Kingston è coperta da garanzia a vita e da assistenza 24 ore su 24 , 7 giorni su 7 .
Tra le principali feature sono da ricordare :
Conforme : ai requisiti di SD Specification Version 3.00 ;
Versatile : se combinata con un adattatore può essere utilizzata come card SDHC completa con protezione di scrittura o come miniSDHC per trasferire i dati ;
Compatibile : con dispositivi host microSDHC , miniSDHC e SDHC ; non compatibile con dispositivi / lettori standard microSD abilitati ;
Formato file : FAT32 ;
Affidabile : garanzia a vita ;
Capacità : 16GB ;
Dimensioni : 0.43 " x 0.59 " x 0.039 " ( 11 mm x 15 mm x 1 m m ) ;
Valutazione Classe alta velocità : Class 10 – 10 MB / sec. tasso minimo di trasferimento dati ;
Temperatura operativa : - 13 °F a 185 °F ( - 25 °C a 85 °C ) ;
Temperatura di storage : - 40 °F a 185° ( - 40 °C a 85 °C ) .
Le nuove " micromemorie " ultraveloci sono disponibili a prezzi di pochissimo superiori ai 100€ , così come riportato nella tabella seguente :
InformaticaEasy , curiosa coincidenza , ha fatto richiesta per un sample Kingston MicroSDHC Class 10 da 16 GB da recensire proprio lo scorso giovedì , un giorno prima rispetto alla diramazione del comunicato ufficiale di debutto di tali memorie .
Spero , dunque , di potervi offrire al più presto una recensione su queste microSD !
The debate over the use of budget reconciliation to pass relatively small changes to a health care reform is an unusual one .
Republicans keep charging that it 's unprecedented .
Experts on Congressional procedure keep debunking them .
Here 's an NPR story quoting Georgetown 's Sara Rosenbaum explaining that reconciliation has been used repeatedly for health care changes .
Here 's a New York Times op - ed by Congressional scholars Tom Mann and Norman Ornstein showing how reconciliation has been used frequently for a multitude of purposes , often for controversial and major policies .
The conservatives response has been to simply redefine " unprecedented " in ever more narrow terms .
Orrin Hatch writes ,
" The reconciliation process , which from the start is a rare exception to our regular process , has never been used for major social legislation that did not have wide bipartisan support .
Never . "
That 's true !
It 's been used for major social legislation , and it's been used for major budget legislation that did not have wide bipartisan support , but it 's never been used for major social legislation that also did not have wide bipartisan support .
Meanwhile , James Joyner argues , " using reconciliation to avoid a supermajority on health care reform would simply be unprecedented . "
Also true !
Using reconciliation to avoid a supermajority ?
Happened before .
Using reconciliation for health care reform ?
Happened before .
But using reconciliation to avoid a supermajority on health care reform ?
Unprecedented .
The question is why we should care .
After all , since history almost never replicates itself in precisely every detail , nearly everything that happens is unprecedented in some way .
That does n't make it wrong .
The first question we should ask ourselves in addressing a complaint about a legislative tactic is , is this within the rules ?
The second question is , does this tactic require changing the rules in some way that seems designed to benefit the current majority ?
( The Republican effort to change Senate rules in 2005 to prevent only filibusters of judicial nominees would qualify . )
But if the party is question is using the existing rules , then except in highly unusual circumstances , they should be given a presumption of legitimacy .
For instance , the way in which Senate Republicans are using the filibuster this session is completely unprecedented .
They 're using it at three times the next highest historical rate , requiring timely cloture motions on everything , even totally uncontroversial matters .
It 's a brilliant partisan tactic -- Republicans knew all along that the Democrats huge majority was going to disappear after the 2010 elections , so they resolved to run out the clock on this term by grinding everything , from appointments to the tiniest piece of legislation , to a crawl .
There 's no point in raising a moral hue and cry over this tactic .
You either have to accept that the minority party will begin acting this way , or change the rules in the future .
Now Democrats are proposing to change the rule next time .
That 's the proper response .
The Vancouver Olympics were an impressive display of Canadian pride and ambition , culminating in the most dominating hometown performance in the history of the Winter Games .
You know who else liked dominating the Olympics , do n't you ?
HITLER !
Advertisement
We missed this gem of a column by Gil LeBreton in Sunday 's Fort Worth Star - Telegram , but it 's worth revisiting thanks to this amazingly well - crafted lede :
After a spirited torch relay ignited pride in every corner of the country , the Olympic Games began and quickly galvanized the nation .
Flags were everywhere .
The country 's national symbol hung from windows and was worn on nearly everyone 's clothing .
Fervent crowds cheered every victory by the host nation .
But enough about the 1936 Berlin Olympics .
Wow .
Just ... wow .
He 's not done though .
Gil goes on to lament , at some length , about the blitzkrieg of Canadian TV Olympic coverage that focused almost entirely on ... get this ... Canada !
Can you imagine ?
Us Americans watching on NBC would certainly know nothing about hometown jingoism that ignores anyone who speaks English as a second language .
They showed us Canadian Games , all right .
And in most cases , nothing but Canadian Games .
I 'm not talking about TV coverage .
I have no idea what Bob Costas and NBC were televising back in the States
Advertisement
Let me summarize it for you , Gil .
They were televising Americans .
And Cris Collinsworth .
It was Canada 's party , and no dead luger , no critical British tabloid and no visiting Americans were going to spoil it .
That attitude is regrettable , because a good , if not especially memorable , Olympics followed .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
LeBreton spends the next three paragraphs talking about American athletes and two non-Americans who happen to play for the Dallas Stars .
Why the cover up of Jere Lehtinen , Toronto Star ?
Oh , and why was everyone talking about bronze medalist Joannie Rochette so much ?
PRO - QUEBEC BIAS , THAT'S WHY !
Last Night 's Winner : Crybabies
In sports , everyone is a winner — some people just win better than others .
Like people who watch the… Read more
China sold 6.8 million tickets to its 2008 Summer Olympics .
Vancouver only made 1.6 million available .
The Canadians wanted to " Own the Podium , " but organizers made sure that they owned the grandstands at each venue as well .
Advertisement
The Beijing Olympics had 302 events .
The Winter Olympics had 86 .
Most of which took place outside in the snow .
Team Canada hockey jerseys became the uniform of the streets .
Maple leafs were either hanging or on clothing everywhere .
Advertisement
Go back in August .
It looks that way all the time .
One thing I never saw : a simple flag or shirt with the five Olympic rings .
Not anywhere .
After 15 Olympics , that was a first .
Advertisement
Um , really ?
Generic Olympic ring shirts ?
Did you really see a lot of those in Atlanta or L.A. ?
You know what , let 's just get back to the Nazis :
I did n't attend the ' 36 Olympics , but I 've seen the pictures .
Swastikas everywhere .
No political reference is meant , just an Olympic one .
What on earth were the Canadians thinking ?
An Olympic host is supposed to welcome the world .
This one was too busy being ( their word ) " patriotic . "
" Now you know us , eh ? " chief organizer Furlong said .
We thought we did two weeks ago .
Now , I 'm wondering if Canadians can even recognize themselves .
Nice party .
But so 1936 .
Bravo .
Just imagine if he 'd seen these jackbooted thugs in action .
Canadians are rightfully pissed about this column , because LeBreton has inadvertently revealed their plans to annex Czechoslovakia .
Wait a sec ... LeBreton ?
That name sounds suspiciously ... Canadian , does n't it ?
Advertisement
Ohdeargod .
It 's coming from inside !
" LeBreton " did take the time to apologize — for " offending " Canadians , not for comparing them to Nazis .
And , like any good sports columnist , found a way to turn it into another sappy column about the glories of international sport , the celebration of the " world of man , " and other values that the Olympics abandoned decades ago .
The idea that any country — especially the United States — cheers just as loud for foreigners as it does for its own is laughable .
As is the idea that any adult still thinks it 's okay to invoke Nazi imagery to round out a strained sports metaphor .
Advertisement
In these Olympics , Canadians only paid attention to Canada [ Fort Worth Star Telegram ]
Dallas - Fort Worth sports columnist likens our patriotism to Nazi Germany [ The Province ]
PREVIOUS POST
Neal Gafter 's blog : A Syntax Option for Project Lambda ( Closures for Java )
Using the currently proposed syntax for Project Lambda , the code would look something like this : static < T , U , V, X extends Throwable > # # V( U ) ( throws X ) ( T ) curry ( # V ( T , U ) ( throws X ) function ) { return #( T t ) ( # ( U u ) ( function . ( t, u ) ) ) ; }
On the other hand , with the proposal described above it looks something like this : static < T , U , V, X extends Throwable > ( T ) ->( U throws ...
1 of 1 2 of 1
At a special media preview of its major new Leonardo Da Vinci : The Mechanics of Man exhibit , the Vancouver Art Gallery this morning announced admission will be free during the Olympic Games ( February 12 to 28 ) .
The offer comes as a result of the VAG being the site of the B.C. Canada Pavilion , which will be located on its fourth floor .
The Da Vinci show , which officially opens Saturday ( February 6 ) , comes on loan from the Royal Collection of Queen Elizabeth II .
It is the largest collection of drawings by the artist ever to be shown in Canada .
" Included are some of the most important drawings of the human body ever made , " said executive director Kathleen Bartels at the preview .
" They 're really stunning achievements in both art and science . "
The exhibition 's curator , Martin Clayton of the Royal Collection , said the 500 - year - old drawings of everything from tongues and throats to the leg muscles and bone are so precise and well - executed that they are still used for study by surgeons today .
" But this is the first time in the 500 years that they have been presented in their entirety , " he said of the Mechanics of Man show . "
Although the exhibit comprises 240 individual drawings and 13,000 scrawled notes , they are squeezed onto 18 sheets of original paper , most of which have sketches on both sides .
The VAG has displayed them between sheets of glass , so that visitors can look at the two sides , as well as see the rough edges of the impeccably preserved paper .
Elsewhere , blown - up sheets translate some of Leonardo Da Vinci 's writing , which , on the original drawings is written backwards .
Clayton disputed any notions it was meant as some secret script : more likely , he said , the left - handed artist found it easier to write that way , and did n't want to smudge his ink .
The show is accompanied by Visceral Bodies , a group show of contemporary artists who have explored the human form .
Included are works by Kate Craig , Betty Goodwin , Shelagh Keeley , Gabriel de la Mora , Mona Hatoum , and Kiki Smith .
Combined with the opening of Visions of British Columbia : A Landscape Manual , as well as three outdoor installations , they mark the first time the VAG has opened six shows at once , Bartels said .
Since my wife became pregnant with our first child in 2007 , I ’ve created 2 different lifestyle businesses , an ecommerce store selling handkerchiefs and a blog about entrepreneurship .
And these businesses were created so my wife and I could spend more time with these two .
For all of you who are unfamiliar with the terminology , a lifestyle business is a business that you can run on the side to earn extra money so that you do n’t feel obligated to work your day job .
And the primary difference between a “ lifestyle business ” versus what I call a “ true startup company ” is that a lifestyle business requires a much smaller time commitment and can be heavily leveraged to make the best use of your resources .
The best part is that if all goes well , you can make enough money to quit your day job altogether and focus on doing the things that you love .
However , the one downside with a “ lifestyle ” business is that it will probably never result in you becoming filthy rich .
Sure it ’s possible but highly unlikely .
But who needs to be filthy rich anyways ?
The most important things in life come from spending time with those that you love , not slogging away at some company … unless of course your startup company happens to be what you are the most passionate about .
Get My Free Mini Course On How To Start A Successful Ecommerce Store
If you are interested in starting an ecommerce business , I put together a comprehensive package of resources that will help you launch your own online store from complete scratch .
Be sure to grab it before you leave !
Click Here To Download
The Power Of A Lifestyle Business
My wife and I started our ecommerce store so that she could stay at home with our kids and be there for them as they grew up .
Our store made over 100 K in profit during our first year and has grown in the double and triple digits since .
( This same store now generates 7 figures per year ) .
I started my blog in 2009 , and while it did not make much money in the first two years , it made a decent chunk of change starting in year 3 .
Two years later , my blog exceeded my day job income and fast forward to today , MyWifeQuitHerJob.com will generate close to 1.4 million dollars in revenue this year .
Even though I quit my job in 2016 , I was actually running both businesses while working full time for many years .
And the truth is that I never felt like I was overexerting myself .
I always had plenty of free time to spend with my kids and I hung out with my family and friends a heck of a lot .
Even though I ’m pretty happy with where I am right now , it was definitely not a smooth and easy path .
So today , I thought that I ’d share with you 12 things that I learned while creating my online businesses .
Editor ’s Note :
If you are interested in learning how to start an ecommerce business which is what my wife and I started out with , click here to take my FREE 6 day mini course on how to start an online store .
Also if you ’re curious , you can click here to check out our little online shop that started it all .
Find Out What You Are Good At And Focus On It
Most businesses try to spread themselves too thin and as a result , they do n’t do anything particularly well .
The key to starting a successful lifestyle business is to be hyper focused on one thing and be the best at it .
With our online wedding linens store , we decided to focus our product selection on handkerchiefs and became the largest seller of hankies on the Internet .
With my blog , I positioned myself as an ecommerce entrepreneur because I noticed that there were very few blogs out there that wrote about ecommerce in the context of running a real online shop .
With my online store course , I decided to focus on teaching ecommerce instead of going broad and showing people how to start a generic online business .
Every lifestyle business needs to find its thing , the one thing where you have a decent shot of being the best at .
Otherwise , you will simply blend in with the rest of the pack .
Related : How To Figure Out What You Should Do For A Living If You Hate Your Job
Work With People Who You Love And Will Challenge You
There ’s no one I can think of who I love more than my wife ( except for my kiddos ) so working with her was a natural choice for me .
Though I ca n’t wholeheartedly recommend working with your spouse , there is no one else out there that you will be able to trust more .
Plus , your spouse will never hesitate to challenge you or make you sleep on the couch when push comes to shove : )
No matter who you decide to work with , the key is to find someone with a complementary skill set who will push you harder than you are normally comfortable with .
Starting any business can be a lonely path and it helps to have someone by your side to keep you motivated so you never give up .
Related : How To Run A Business With Your Spouse And Still Maintain A Happy Marriage
Make Decisions And Execute
In the beginning when you have no clue what you are doing , it ’s easy to sit on the sidelines until you are sure which path to take .
The problem however is that you ’ll never know which path to take unless you pick something and go for it .
So whenever you feel indecisive , take action regardless of how you feel about your decision .
By getting off your butt and jumping into the ring , you will obtain valuable data that you can learn from and make adjustments accordingly .
When I first wanted to teach an online course , I waited on the sidelines for over 6 months because I was n’t sure where to begin .
I just could n’t get myself motivated .
But one day I decided that things had dragged on long enough so I launched my class with ZERO content .
Basically , I presold the class to 35 students at $ 299 a pop with NOTHING .
With actual money on the line , I forced myself to pump out content on a weekly basis and today , this class has generated millions of dollars in revenue .
Remember , you ’ll never get anywhere by staying on the sidelines .
Go out there and gather some data points !
Related : Starting A Business : Convincing Yourself To Take Action And The Key To Behavioral Change
Build And Own As Much As You Can
Many people who start their own online business want to outsource as much as they can .
As a result , many would be entrepreneurs take shortcuts and rely on third party services to run their websites for them .
While going this route may reduce your time to market , relying on a 3rd party will limit your flexibility and potentially put you at their mercy in the future .
For example , many entrepreneurs who used to rely on Ebay as their primary sales channel got shafted when Ebay drastically increased their prices .
Similarly , many Etsy users saw drastically reduced sales when they decided to change their product display and ranking algorithms .
Amazon continues to raise prices and change the rules on a quarterly basis .
Not only that but the marketplace is extremely cutthroat and many sellers are using underhanded tactics to cheat and get ahead
Do you want to be at the mercy of someone else ?
That is why it ’s important to own your own website .
Sure , it takes a little more work to understand how websites work .
But it is valuable knowledge to have and will make you more self sufficient .
Related : 6 Simple Strategies To Get Repeat Customers And Why You Must Look Beyond Amazon
Understand The Underlying Principles Of What You Are Outsourcing
Sometimes it makes sense to outsource certain parts of your business if it will save you time .
But make sure you understand the underlying principles of what you are outsourcing !
I ’ve had friends who have hired website developers and wasted a ton of money because they had no clue what they were doing .
Every time they wanted to make a simple change , they would have to contact their developer and pay an additional fee to get things done .
The problem was that they had no clue how much time or effort was required for each task and as a result they were taken advantage of by their contractors .
Take some time and understand the underlying principles of what you are trying to outsource !
And try to learn as much about the technology as possible so you understand the effort involved and what is actually feasible to implement .
Related : Outsourcing Pros And Cons – How To Decide When To Hire Or DIY As A Small Business Owner
Establish A Routine And Stick With It
The key to starting a successful business is to not burn yourself out by pulling a bunch of all nighters and trying to finish things all at once .
Instead , you should establish a set routine and plan on slowly making progress over time .
For my wife and I , we devoted Sunday mornings and various nights during the week towards working on the business .
And our only objective was to accomplish one thing per day .
By creating a priority list and checking off our goals one at a time , we always made consistent progress and our shop was ready to launch before we knew it .
Related : 6 Simple But Effective Habits That Improve Your Productivity
Treat Your Customers Like Royalty
To this day , I ’m still shocked by how fast word of mouth travels .
When you treat a customer with the utmost of respect , they will return the favor and tell all of their friends about your business .
On the flip side , if you treat a customer poorly , you will lose a lot more than just a single customer .
Here are some interesting statistics courtesy of the Research Institute of America for the White House Office of Consumer Affairs
The average business does not hear from 96 % of unhappy clients .
does not hear from 96 % of unhappy clients .
Each and every dissatisfied customer will , on average , tell at least 9 other people .
Let ’s put these statistics in perspective with a few numbers .
Every customer complaint that you receive means that you really have 24 other dissatisfied customers .
Those 24 customers will then go on to tell a combined 216 + people of their negative experience with your business .
Here are some other statistics that are really interesting .
Of the customers who register a complaint …
Up to 70 percent will do business with the organization again if their complaint is resolved .
will do business with the organization again if their complaint is resolved .
Up to 95 percent will do business if the problem is resolved quickly .
Moral of the story : Treat all of your customers like royalty and your business will be guaranteed to grow .
Never underestimate word of mouth and social media .
Related : Customer Service Tips : How Would You Handle These Awkward Situations ?
Get Some Exercise
When my wife and I were working our butts off starting our first business , I stopped exercising and it took a tremendous toll on my psyche .
I ’d feel listless from a lack of energy .
I ’d lose focus easily .
But once I set aside some time to lift weights , run and play sports , I found that I was way more productive afterwards .
If you do n’t treat your body right , your mind will gradually deteriorate .
Do n’t neglect your health !
Related : What A Six Pack Taught Me About Starting A Successful Online Business
Just Ship It
I remember wasting a ton of time tweaking the aesthetics of my website and having endless debates with my wife about the “ right ” way to do things .
There ’s no way to find out how good your business is until you actually go live and get feedback from real customers .
If you find yourself making too many minor tweaks or second guessing yourself , then you are likely stalling your business on purpose because you are afraid .
Break things down into small obtainable goals and constantly work towards your launch !
Related : What Successful Entrepreneurs Do Differently And Why Beginners Fail
Do n’t Be Too Cheap
I ’m probably one of the cheapest , most conservative entrepreneurs that you ’ll ever meet .
But over the years , I ’ve started to factor in the costs of my time when it comes to making purchases that make things more efficient .
These days , if a piece of software or a tool will save me a decent chunk of time , I ’ll usually pull the trigger ..
Do n’t neglect the costs of your own time and efforts !
Related : Every Must Have Tool I Use To Run My Ecommerce Store
Do n’t Take Yourself Too Seriously
I ’m not that intense of a person and I rarely take myself too seriously , but I know a lot of people who do .
Hell , I sell wedding linens .
I can barely say that with a straight face !
As you are running your business , take some time out and simply enjoy the process .
Chances are , you are learning way more than you ever have before so take a break every now and then and just take it all in .
You are doing something that 90 % of other people never dream of doing !
Enjoy it while it lasts !
Related : How To Find What Makes You Happy And My Reflections On Life After Quitting My Job
Be Inspired
My final tip is to hang out with the right people and get inspired .
If your current social group is bringing you down , find some other like minded entrepreneurs and start a support group .
After all , the best way to stay motivated is to be amongst those who inspire you to push yourself beyond your comfort zone !
Anyway , I hope that this post inspired you to take action today .
As I mentioned earlier , if you are interested in learning how to start your own lifestyle business , then click here to take my FREE 6 day mini course on ecommerce .
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business ?
If you are really considering starting your own online business , then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps .
In this 6 day mini course , I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year .
Best of all , it 's free and you 'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies !
Note :
This post above may contain affiliate links , which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link .
Please consult our privacy policy for more information .
Have you read these ?
( CNN ) -- Iran has arrested 30 people for waging what it called an organized , U.S. - backed cyber war against the nation , Iran 's semi-official Fars news agency reported Saturday .
Iran 's judiciary said those arrested were funded by the United States beginning in 2006 and that they planned to destabilize the country , according to Fars .
A State Department spokesman declined to comment on the report Saturday night .
The Iranian judiciary said that former President George W. Bush supplied $ 400 million for the cyber war project , Fars reported .
One branch of the project , dubbed the " Iran Proxy , " was capable of infiltrating Iran 's data banks , sabotaging its Web sites , and facilitating contacts between Iranian opposition figures and U.S. - funded media like Voice of America radio and Radio Farda , according to Fars .
The judiciary also said the United States used anti-filtering software during recent demonstrations against the Iranian government to wage psychological war against the nation , Fars reported .
Iranian media reported last month that individuals alleged to have ties with Radio Farda -- which means Radio Tomorrow in Iran 's Farsi language -- were among seven arrested by the Iranian government .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A U.S. judge on Thursday granted a preliminary injunction barring the Obama administration from trying to regulate electronic cigarettes and prevent them from being imported into the United States .
In a sharply worded decision , U.S. District Judge Richard Leon scolded the Food and Drug Administration for trying to assert jurisdiction over the cigarettes , which are battery - powered or rechargeable devices that vaporize a liquid nicotine solution .
“ This case appears to be yet another example of FDA ’s aggressive efforts to regulate recreational tobacco products as drugs or devices , ” he said in granting an injunction barring the FDA from regulating the cigarettes as a drug - device combination .
E-cigarettes were first made in China and are sold mostly on the Internet .
The battery - powered devices work by a emitting a “ puff ” or fine mist of nicotine in the lungs .
A law passed last year gave the FDA power over regular cigarettes and other tobacco products .
But while e-cigarettes contain nicotine , they do not contain tobacco and are not subject to the new oversight .
But FDA maintains it has control over the products because they aim to treat people suffering from nicotine withdrawal , making them a combination drug and device -- two things the agency has regulated for years .
A company that imports the electronic cigarettes , Smoking Everywhere Inc. , had two shipments detained by the agency in late 2008 because they were not FDA approved .
The FDA later barred the importation of electronic cigarettes and their components by three Chinese companies .
The FDA also denied entry to more than 35 shipments from 20 other manufacturers , according to the court ruling .
Smoking Everywhere and another manufacturer asked the court to bar the FDA from refusing entry to their products and regulating them , which Leon agreed to do .
PRODUCE NO SMOKE
The court noted that the other company in the case , NJOY , labeled its products with a disclaimer that they were not for smoking cessation .
On its website , NJOY says one main reason people use the product is that it produces no smoke and can be used in some places where smoking is prohibited .
Smoking Everywhere said in its original complaint last year that it had imported and sold more than 600,000 electronic cigarette kits .
A lawyer representing the companies said that he expected the FDA to appeal the decision , although he argued the judge anticipated many of the arguments the agency could make .
“ It ’s going to be difficult for the FDA to get Judge Leon reversed , ” said the lawyer , Kip Schwartz of Thompson Hine LLP .
“ But that wo n’t stop them . ”
FDA spokesman George Strait said the agency was reviewing the judge ’s decision , adding that “ the public health issues surrounding electronic cigarettes are of serious concern . ”
The agency has said it is worried about safety issues and last year warned that some samples it tested contained carcinogens and toxic chemicals .
The World Health Organization has also warned against their use , saying there was no evidence to prove they were safe or helped smokers break the habit .
The Campaign for Tobacco - Free Kids and other consumer advocacy groups blasted the ruling , saying it put U.S. consumers at risk .
“ This is a misguided and mind - boggling decision by the court , ” said National Research Center for Women & Families President Diana Zuckerman .
“ Nicotine is an addictive drug , and therefore e-cigarettes are a drug delivery system . ”
A 2009 Zogby poll found Americans divided over whether the e-cigarettes should be regulated by the government
Editor ’s note :
This story is part of our series Silicon Sweatshops , an ongoing GlobalPost investigation into the supply chains that make some of your favorite electronic gadgets .
In this installment , GlobalPost examined the fallout after a factory that supplies Apple and Nokia used the toxic solvent n- hexane in violation of local codes and without proper safety equipment .
Though seven current and former workers said the chemical was used on Apple touch screens , Apple refused to comment .
SUZHOU , China —
The mysterious illness began with an odd tingling of the fingers one week , a creeping numbness in the feet the next .
Sometimes , deep and painful muscle cramps would wake the factory workers from their dorm beds .
Weeks later , many of the workers simply could n’t walk right , staggering across the factory grounds , and struggling with once - nimble fingers to clean the delicate touch screens used in trendy gadgets .
They had no idea that as they worked , the solvent they used to clean the screens was attacking their peripheral nerves .
Unseen damage left them weak , shaky and often in pain .
Sometimes their vision would blur .
Headaches were common .
GlobalPost recently visited a hospital ward where more than two dozen sick workers remain under care for nerve damage sustained last summer at Wintek ’s factory in Suzhou .
After interviewing seven former and current workers , as well as families , friends and labor activists , plus reviewing medical records and corporate documents , we ’ve learned the health damage done to workers is more severe than portrayed in previous accounts .
All the workers interviewed said n- hexane — the chemical that made people sick — was used in making touch screens for Apple , particularly the iPhone and iTouch .
Apple rejected repeated interview requests , refused to confirm whether its products were involved and directed questions to its 2010 Supplier Responsibility audit , which does not address chemical poisoning .
In a highly competitive industry where consumer demand drives companies to squeeze costs out of complex supply chains , the Suzhou case raises broad questions in China about labor rights , worker safety and the thorny issue of compensation .
In a quiet wing of the Suzhou No. 5 Hospital , the rooms have taken on the look of a cheerful factory dorm .
Dozens of young workers from around China have taken over the floor , and tried to make it homier with simple decorations , their laundry hanging from the balconies and crafting projects splayed across the beds .
The wing is cheerful , the air of fear and uncertainty having lifted somewhat since the workers arrived last summer .
Their health has improved , but they wo n’t be leaving for a while .
“ At first I thought I was getting tired and weak because I was working so much , ” recalled one 24 - year - old woman , describing how she worked 12 - hour shifts , seven days a week before she got sick .
“ After some weeks , I knew I needed to see a doctor . ”
Last summer , workers began fainting on the job and dozens made their way to the hospital .
The company started testing workers and found mass exposure : Wintek says 62 employees had confirmed nerve damage from inhalation exposure to n-hexane , which the company admits it used illegally for nearly a year in the production process .
The illness , a form of peripheral neuropathy , came on so slowly that most did n’t know they were ill until it was serious .
Workers say others were sickened , but left the factory without treatment .
Their troubles began in October 2008 , when Wintek ’s Suzhou factory introduced n- hexane to clean touch screens in the final stages of production .
According to the local government , the company lacked necessary permits to handle the toxin , which dries more quickly than alcohol , shaving seconds from production time and speeding up the line .
Wintek has fired the factory chief , according to company spokesman Huang Zhongjie in Taipei .
Huang also said the factory stopped using n- hexane in August and has engaged in outreach and education for both sick workers and current employees .
Worker unrest over the poisonings reached a boiling point in January , with a violent strike at the plant and calls for answers .
Many demanded to know whether factory engineer Li Liang died from chemical inhalation .
Huang says Wintek has raised salaries at the plant , and a current factory worker confirmed the wages have gone up .
" We have put more attention to employees ' safety and health and have assigned a higher level authority to govern and enhance the relevant management and audit system , " said Wintek spokesman James Chen .
" Also , we will enhance the communication with our employees for a better understanding for both management and employees . "
But that has n’t quelled ongoing concerns from factory workers over their safety .
The effects on human bodies are well - documented , but workers ’ health was a secondary concern when n-hexane entered the Suzhou factory .
Each worker was required to clean 1,000 screens per day , dipping cotton cloths into a tray of hexane , swabbing the glass screens carefully and moving on , according to workers interviewed by GlobalPost .
Over the course of a 12 - hour shift , workers said one person would go through six trays of n-hexane , protected only by latex gloves and simple cotton masks — nothing close to the equipment that Chinese safety standards require for handling the chemical .
The case highlights problems with the widespread practice of technology giants ’ outsourcing and fragmented supply chains .
There is no single iPhone or iTouch factory , for example .
Instead , outside companies are hired to make components and assemble the phones or other products .
Taiwan - based Wintek is one of the biggest such companies , and it also makes components for tech giant Nokia .
Nokia says it confirmed n- hexane was not used on its components in the Suzhou factory — an assertion that the workers back up .
The substance was used in the cleaning room on the second floor , the floor designated for Apple products , six former and current employees said .
Because Apple will not agree to be interviewed , it is impossible to verify exactly what the workers made .
But a current factory employee on the second floor snapped a photo for GlobalPost of what appears to be a nearly finished iPhone in production .
Six other current and former factory employees said they handled iPhone and iTouch screens and saw screens for the iPad tablet computer in the factory .
The four hospitalized workers interviewed by GlobalPost instantly recognized an iTouch when shown the gadget , and handled it with familiarity .
There are tangible steps companies like Apple can take to protect workers , labor - rights groups say .
Employees should be allowed to organize unions , said Geoffrey Crothall of the Hong Kong - based China Labour Bulletin .
Also , nothing beats on - the - ground inspections from the companies that produce the final products .
“ What they have to do is take a more hands - on approach , ” said Crothall , noting Apple ’s recently released supplier compliance report , which found multiple problems but did not name the offending factories .
“ There ’s nothing in that Apple report that focuses on this particular factory , ” said Crothall .
“ Apple should be commended on taking some measures , but it just needs to go further . ”
More than a year after they were first exposed to n-hexane and eight months after most entered the hospital , 41 workers await medical clearance to resume their lives .
They have mostly recovered , with some lingering tremors and pains , but little knowledge of potential long - term consequences .
The four who shared their stories said though they feel physically better , they ’re shaken .
“ I wo n’t work in another factory again , ” says one woman , a 21 - year - old from Anhui province .
“ My health is more important than any job . ”
She is dressed in pink pajamas under a puffy black vest .
She and the others sit atop their hospital beds in a room that over these eight months has become their home .
They are anxious to leave it .
The women are young , ranging in age from 20 to 24 , and three of the four were away from home for the first time when they got sick .
They said some workers who fell ill left immediately and went home , probably going uncounted in Wintek ’s tally .
Those who stayed got their health care paid for and a chance at some disability compensation .
So what do these workers , who earned about $ 220 a month and lost nearly a year of their lives to illness , think of customers who buy the products that made them sick ?
“ I have n’t really thought about it before , ” says the woman in the pink pajamas , pausing to consider .
Then , she decides , and says in a steady voice : “ It would be good for the people who use those phones so happily to consider the sacrifice we made . ”
Other stories in this latest installment :
What 's a worker worth ?
The strange death of Li Liang
Silicon Sweatshops :
The series
Special Report : Silicon Sweatshops
Shattered dreams
Disposable workforce
The China connection
A promising model
On July 29 , 2009 , Phil Jones emailed Tom Peterson of NOAA ( 1248902393.txt )
… I have a question for you .
I ’m going to write a small document for our web site to satisfy ( probably the wrong word ) the 50 or so FOI / EIR requests we ’ve had over the weekend .
I will put up the various agreements we have with Met Services .
The “ document ” was subsequently put up at the CRU website here and , as Jones said , it was “ small ” ( 1257 words plus references ) .
Jones put up four scrappy agreements , none of which included language that supported his refusal to send me station data – that their confidentiality agreements precluded transmission of the data to a “ non-academic ” .
In today ’s Times , the work involved in creating this “ small document ” of 1257 words increased to over 1000 hours .
Last year in July alone the unit received 60 FoI requests from across the world .
With a staff of only 13 to cope with them , the demands were accumulating faster than they could be dealt with .
“ According to the rules , ” says Jones , “ you have to do 18 hours ’ work on each one before you ’re allowed to turn it down . ”
It meant that the scientists would have had a lot of their time diverted from research .
Jones blamed his notorious emails ( e.g. his May 29 , 2008 request that Mann , Ammann , Briffa and Wahl delete their correspondence on AR4 or his Feb 2005 refusal of station data to Warwick Hughes ) on the provocation arising from the July 29 , 2009 FOI requests for confidential agreements :
But he pleads provocation … .
It was pure irritation , he says , that provoked him and others to write the notorious emails apparently conspiring to destroy or withhold data .
“ It was just frustration .
I thought the requests were just distractions .
It was taking us away from our day jobs .
It was written in anger . ”
And oh yes , Jones ’ correspondent , Tom Peterson of NOAA , wrote back :
Hi , Phil ,
Yes , Friday - Saturday I noticed that ClimateFraudit had renewed their interest in you .
I was thinking about sending an email of sympathy , but I was busy preparing for a quick trip to Hawaii ...
Not Tahiti , as some speculated .
SNY
After sweeping the AL Wild Card series with Wednesday 's 10 - 9 win over the Cleveland Indians , the Yankees ' get what they wanted in their ALDS matchup .
The Tampa Bay Rays , who beat the Yankees eight out of 10 times during the 2020 regular season and did so with some tempers flaring throughout the final series , await Monday at the Petco Park bubble in San Diego .
Orange County Family Law Attorneys
There are very few events in life that are as stressful or emotional than divorce .
For this reason , our lawyers aim to minimize conflict and work efficiently toward practical solutions .
From the start of our first meeting , our goal is to build a legal strategy that is intelligently tailored to your and your family ’s needs .
This is the world 's smallest scale model of the USS Enterprise .
It 's tiny .
Like , smaller than your penis tiny .
Invisible to the naked eye .
Or , let 's be honest , even the clothed eyes .
You poor bastard .
Measuring just 8.8 - micrometers long , this 1 - billionth scale model of the USS Enterprise " was made with a 30 kV Ga+ focused - ion - beam CVD using phenanthrene gas by Takayuki Hoshino and Shinji Matsui of the Himeji Institute of Technology . "
Now correct me if I 'm wrong , but this is supposed to be a scale model , right ?
Because I always thought the Enterprise had a little more of an aerodynamic appearance .
This thing looks like a crushed pie pan .
Which , day after Pi Day tie - in -- I 'm taking it !
1 - Billionth Scale Model of USS Enterprise Measures 8.8 - Micrometers Long [ techeblog ]
Thanks to sham , who boldly went to be before 10 PM and got a great night 's sleep .
To hear them tell it , the five police agencies who apprehended 39 - year - old Oregonian David Pyles early on the morning of March 8 thwarted another lone wolf mass murderer .
The police " were able to successfully take a potentially volatile male subject into protective custody for a mental evaluation , " announced a press release put out by the Medford , Oregon , police department .
The subject had recently been placed on administrative leave from his job , was " very disgruntled , " and had recently purchased several firearms .
" Local Law Enforcement agencies were extremely concerned that the subject was planning retaliation against his employers , " the release said .
Fortunately , Pyles " voluntarily " turned himself over to police custody , and the legally purchased firearms " were seized for safekeeping . "
This voluntary exchange involved two SWAT teams , police officers from Medford and nearby Roseburg , sheriff 's deputies from Jackson and Douglas counties , and the Oregon State Police .
Oregon State Police Sgt. Jeff Proulx explained to South Oregon 's Mail Tribune why the operation was such a success : " Instead of being reactive , we took a proactive approach . "
There 's just one problem : David Pyles had n't committed any crime , nor was he suspected of having committed one .
The police never obtained a warrant for either search or arrest .
They never consulted with a judge or mental health professional before sending out the military - style tactical teams to take Pyle in .
" They woke me up with a phone call at about 5:50 in the morning , " Pyles told me in a phone interview Friday .
" I looked out the window and saw the SWAT team pointing their guns at my house .
The officer on the phone told me to turn myself in .
I told them I would , on three conditions : I would not be handcuffed .
I would not be taken off my property .
And I would not be forced to get a mental health evaluation .
He agreed .
The second I stepped outside , they jumped me .
Then they handcuffed me , took me off my property , and took me to get a mental health evaluation . "
By noon the same day , Pyles had already been released from the Rogue Valley Medical Center with a clean bill of mental health .
Four days later the Medford Police Department returned Pyle 's guns , despite telling him earlier in the week — falsely — that he'd need to undergo a second background check before he could get them back .
On Friday the Medford Police Department put out a second press release , this time announcing that the agency had returned the " disgruntled " worker 's guns , and " now considers this matter closed .
That seems unlikely .
Pyles ' case has spurred outrage in the gun rights community .
Kevin Starrett of the Oregon Firearms Federation has been advising Pyles , and helped get his guns back .
Oregon - based syndicated conservative talk radio host Lars Larson has taken up the story .
And Pyles is now attorney shopping for a possible civil rights lawsuit .
At root behind this case and others like it is our naïve , hopeful , and sometimes even dangerous belief that every horrible shooting spree or lone - wolf act of terrorism can be prevented .
We seem unable to accept the idea that bad people will occasionally do bad things .
Every new mass shooting spurs an urge to assign blame beyond the shooter :
What political ideology inspired him ?
Who missed the " warning signs , " and why was n't he apprehended ahead of time ?
Gun retailers are scrutinized and vilified , even when they 've complied with the law .
In ensuing days and weeks , politicians mull new laws , often both ineffective and constricting on our liberty .
There 's nothing wrong with looking for signs that someone is about to snap , and if he 's putting up multiple red flags , we 'd certainly want law enforcement to investigate , possibly to chat with the person and his friends and family .
And obviously if someone has made specific threats , a criminal investigation should follow .
But that 's a far cry from what happened to Pyles .
Pyles ' problems began last June after a series of grievances with his employer , the Oregon Department of Transportation .
" This was always a professional thing for me , " he says .
" It was never personal .
We were handling the grievances through the process stipulated in the union contract . "
Pyles declined to discuss the nature of the complaints , citing stipulations in his contract .
On March 4 , Pyles was placed on administrative leave , which required him to work from home .
On March 5 , 6 , and 7 , after getting his income tax refund , he made three purchases of five firearms .
Pyles describes himself as a gun enthusiast , who had already owned several weapons .
All three new purchases required an Oregon background check , which would have prohibited the transactions had Pyles ever been convicted of a felony or a misdemeanor involving violence , or been committed by the state to a mental health institution .
Pyles says he has no criminal record , and says he never threatened anyone in his office .
( A specific threat of violence would have likely brought a criminal charge . )
The Oregon State Police , the Medford Police Department , and the Oregon Department of Transportation did not respond to requests for comment .
" In my opinion , the apprehension of David Pyles was a violation of Oregon 's kidnapping laws , " says James Leuenberger , a criminal defense attorney who is also advising Pyles .
" He definitely deserves to be compensated for what they did to him , but even if he wins a civil rights suit , that will just result in the officers ' employers paying for their mistakes . "
That of course means the final tab will be paid by Oregon 's taxpayers , not the offending cops .
" I want these law enforcement officials held personally responsible , " Leuenberger says .
" I want them criminally charged . "
It 's hard to see that happening .
Joseph Bloom , a psychiatrist at Oregon Health & Science University and a specialist in civil commitment law , says the police who apprehended and detained Pyles were likely acting under the cover of Oregon law .
Bloom says the police are permitted to make a determination on their own to take someone in for a mental health evaluation — there 's no requirement that they first consult with a judge or mental health professional .
Bloom believes this is a wise policy .
" It 's important to remember that this is a civil process , " he says .
" There 's no arrest , these people are n't being taking to jail .
It 's not a criminal action . "
So SWAT teams , guns , and handcuffs … but not a criminal action ?
And what if Pyles had refused to " voluntarily " surrender to the police ?
" Well , yes , " Bloom says .
" I guess then it would become a criminal matter . "
If what happened to Pyles is legal , in Oregon or elsewhere , we need to take a second look at the civil commitment power .
Even setting aside the SWAT team overkill in Medford , there 's something awfully discomfiting about granting government authorities the power to yank someone from their home and drag them in for a mental health evaluation based on a series of actions that were perfectly legal , especially with no prior oversight from a judge , or guidance from a psychiatrist .
" The idea that Pyles turned himself in voluntarily is ridiculous , " says Starrett , the gun rights activist .
" There 's nothing voluntary about waking up to a SWAT team outside your home , then having a police negotiator call and suggest you surrender .
They had no arrest warrant .
But Pyles only had one option .
If he did n't come out on his own , they were going to come in to get him . "
Even if the apprehension of Pyles was legal , the seizure of his guns was n't .
Because civil commitment laws are n't criminal in nature , they do n't carry authorization for the police to search a private residence .
According to Pyles , he closed the door behind him as he left his home .
Because the police did n't have a search warrant , they had no right to even enter Pyles ' home , much less seize guns inside that he bought and possessed legally .
For a potential mass murderer , Pyles is remarkably placid and big- picture about what happened to him .
" I 've been looking for a new job for months , " he says .
" But given the economy , I 'm pretty lucky to be getting a paycheck , even given all of this .
For me , this is about civil rights .
This seems like something the NRA and the ACLU can agree on .
South Oregon is big gun country .
If something like this can happen here , where just about everyone owns a gun , it can happen anywhere . "
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
Footage of demonstration in City of London shown at packed court , where sergeant says he 'acted in self - defence '
A police sergeant twice struck a female G20 protester with a metal baton in what he said was " self - defence " after mistaking a carton of orange juice in her hand for a weapon , a court heard today .
Delroy Smellie , 47 , a sergeant in the Metropolitan police , said he lashed out at Nicola Fisher , 36 , in a " pre-emptive strike " during a confrontation outside the Bank of England on 2 April last year .
Smellie , a member of the Met 's elite Territorial Support Group ( TSG ) , went on trial accused of common assault by beating .
He denies the charge , and his lawyers said they would argue he was seeking to defend himself and his colleagues .
The trial opened at a packed City of Westminster magistrates court and was shown video footage of the moment he slapped Fisher across the face before drawing his baton and striking her twice .
Smellie showed no emotion as the footage played .
The incident occurred during a memorial vigil for Ian Tomlinson , the newspaper vendor who had died the previous day after being attacked by another Met officer , also from the TSG .
Opening the case , Nicholas Paul , prosecuting , said Smellie had " lost his self control " during an " excessive and unjustified " attack on Fisher .
" He went from level one to level five without considering the intervening steps , " said Paul .
Paul showed district judge Daphne Wickham , who is trying the case without a jury , CCTV footage of the police operation and amateur footage of the clash between Smellie and Fisher that was posted on YouTube and handed to the Guardian .
He described the video as the core of the case against Smellie .
The court also heard extracts of two interviews between Smellie and officials from the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) .
The judge heard how Smellie told investigators that , after back - handing Fisher , he reached for his baton after noticing Fisher was holding an object .
The prosecutor said : " She had weapons in her hand and he perceived her as a threat . "
Fisher was in fact carrying an open carton of orange juice , which sprayed over Smellie when he hit her , the court heard .
The prosecutor said Fisher may have been aggressive , but Smellie 's actions could not be justified .
" Even if her behaviour was irritating and provocative when she was standing in front of Sergeant Smellie , it is plain from the footage and photographs … not in any way [ was she ] seeking to get involved in an attack .
Footage shown to the court started from around 2:30 pm on 1 April , when TSG officers arrived near Royal Exchange to replace officers from City of London police , who had formed a cordon around protesters .
Paul said the " attitude and atmosphere " created by police changed upon the arrival of the TSG .
" There had been reports of people masking up and the unit to which Sgt Smellie was in charge was briefed to contain people within a cordon to prevent a breach of the peace and any other disorder such as had happened the day before , " Paul said .
" It was these instructions that informed Sgt Smellie 's approach to the demonstrators that they dealt with . "
The footage showed how moments before the alleged assault a demonstrator attempting to leave the cordon was pushed back by police , prompting an angry response from the crowd .
Fisher approached Smellie before being pushed away .
As she moved back towards the officer , the footage showed him strike her with the back of his hand in what the court heard was a legal " clearance - swipe " .
But as Fisher began shouting " you hit a fucking woman " and moving towards him again , he took out his baton and hit her twice on the legs .
The prosecutor said it was these final two blows that were at the centre of the case .
Earlier in proceedings , Wickham refused an application from the defence to get the case thrown out after the alleged victim – Fisher – did not turn up for the first day of the hearing .
Fisher , who had been due to give evidence , was described by the judge in pre-trial argument as having recently been " nervous , weary [ and ] unsure of whether the CPS [ Crown Prosecution Service ] is part of the police " .
Paul also indicated she may be fearful of the press coverage the trial would receive .
From the defence , the court also heard Fisher may be suffering from depression .
While allowing the trial to proceed , Wickham refused , in the absence of Fisher , to accept as evidence a statement she provided to the IPCC on 16 April .
The court heard Fisher , from Brighton , had been represented by Max Clifford and sold her story to a national newspaper .
A witness , photography student Beth Wilson , told the court she saw him " use his baton with force " .
" She did n't appear to be a physical threat to him , " she said .
The trial is expected to last four days .
S4 Energy Solutions LLC , a joint venture by Waste Management , Inc. ( NYSE : WM ) and InEnTec LLC , announced plans to develop a plasma gasification facility at Waste Management 's Columbia Ridge Landfill in Arlington , Oregon .
The planned facility will convert municipal solid waste into fuels and energy .
Construction is expected to begin in the early summer , with startup scheduled by year end .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
With the S4 system , waste materials are prepared and fed into a first phase gasification chamber that operates at temperatures of approximately 1,500 degrees Fahrenheit .
After the first phase , the waste materials flow into a second closed chamber where they are superheated to temperatures between 10,000 and 20,000 degrees Fahrenheit using an electricity - conducting gas called plasma .
The intense heat of the second stage plasma gasifier rearranges the molecular structure of the waste , transforming organic ( carbon - based ) materials into a synthesis gas ( syngas ) .
The syngas may then be converted into transportation fuels such as ethanol and diesel , or industrial products like hydrogen and methanol .
The syngas could also be used as a substitute for natural gas for heating or electricity generation .
In a secondary stage of the process , inorganic ( non-carbon - based ) materials are transformed into environmentally inert products , according to a Waste Management press release .
" Our goal is to extract as much value as possible from waste and this project will help us recover valuable resources to generate clean fuels , renewable energy and other beneficial products , " said Dean Kattler , area vice president for Waste Management Pacific Northwest .
" This project strengthens our focus on renewable energy and new technologies that use waste as a resource . "
Waste Management began generating renewable electricity at the site in January 2010 with the startup of a new landfill gas - to - energy ( LFGTE ) facility .
The LFGTE process captures methane gas generated as waste decomposes in the landfill and then uses the gas to generate 6 megawatts ( MW ) of electricity .
The electricity is powering 5,000 homes in Seattle through an agreement with Seattle City Light .
Wind power is also generated at the landfill , with 67 windmills producing more than 100 MW of renewable energy for PacifiCorp .
Article continues : http://www.matternetwork.com/2010/3/waste-management-deploy-first-plasma.cfm
Each week night , THE LATE LATE SHOW with JAMES CORDEN throws the ultimate late night after party with a mix of celebrity guests , edgy musical acts , games and sketches .
Corden differentiates his show by offering viewers a peek behind - the - scenes into the green room , bringing all of his guests out at once and lending his musical and acting talents to various sketches .
Additionally , bandleader Reggie Watts and the house band provide original , improvised music throughout the show .
Since Corden took the reigns as host in March 2015 , he has quickly become known for generating buzzworthy viral videos , such as Carpool Karaoke .
ON AIR : Weeknights ( 12:37 - 1:37 AM , ET / PT ) ORIGINATION : CBS Television City , Los Angeles ( Filmed in HD ) PREMIERE : March 23 , 2015 HOSTED BY : James Corden BANDLEADER : Reggie Watts PRODUCED BY : CBS Broadcasting Inc. EXECUTIVE PRODUCERS : Ben Winston & Rob Crabbe
The mimic octopus , Thaumoctopus Mimicus , is a species of octopus that has a strong ability to mimic other creatures .
It grows up to 60 cm ( 2 feet ) in length .
Its normal colouring consists of brown and white stripes or spots .
Living in the tropical seas of South East Asia , it was not discovered officially until 1998 , off the coast of Sulawesi .
The octopus mimics the physical likeness and movements of more than fifteen different species , including sea snakes , lionfish , flatfish , brittle stars , giant crabs , sea shells , stingrays , flounders , jellyfish , sea anemones , and mantis shrimp .
It accomplishes this by contorting its body and arms , and changing colour .
Sarah Palin criticized the Obama administration today for creating a " manufactured controversy " with Israel .
In a message posted to Facebook , Palin said Obama has been too hard on Israel for expanding settlements while giving dictatorships a free pass :
Envoys are sent to North Korea as they continue to defy the world ’s demand to give up their nuclear weapons .
The Burmese military junta ’s representative is allowed to travel to our nation ’s capital .
The President ’s envoy for Sudan talks about giving that genocidal regime “ gold stars , ” while the President shakes hands with Venezuela ’s tyrannical leader .
In the midst of all this embracing of enemies , where does the Obama Administration choose to escalate a minor incident into a major diplomatic confrontation ?
With Iran , Cuba , Sudan , North Korea or Burma ?
No .
With our treasured ally , Israel .
Republicans and a growing number of Democrats have criticized the administration for overreacting to Israel 's decision to announce new settlements while Joe Biden was visiting the country .
Palin said Biden should " rein in " the administration 's rhetoric .
" Vice President Biden was actually right when he said last week , before the construction announcement , that ' one necessary precondition for progress is that the rest of the world knows ... there is absolutely no space between the United States and Israel when it comes to security , ' " Palin wrote .
" Right now , thanks to the Obama Administration , there is a chasm .
It ’s time for President Obama to push the reset button on our relations with our ally Israel . "
A lack of emotion is n’t the only thing driving psychopaths .
It now seems that their brains may overvalue the pleasure associated with getting what they want .
In extreme psychopaths , this may result in callous and manipulative acts .
Joshua Buckholtz , a neuroscientist at Vanderbilt University in Nashville , Tennessee , discovered that the brains of people with psychopathic tendencies are rich with dopamine , a “ reward ” chemical that makes us seek out pleasure .
This might drive psychopathic behaviour by encouraging people to pursue activities that give them this kind of reward at the expense of considering the costs of their actions – such as hurting others .
“ This might cause them to pay more attention to obtaining rewards like money , sex or status , as opposed to the costs , ” he says .
Advertisement
Drugs and alcohol
Psychopathy is a spectrum of personality traits , including fearlessness , callousness , narcissism and impulsivity , and everyone has a place somewhere on this spectrum .
People who score above a certain threshold on enough of these traits are known as psychopaths , but there are still varying degrees of psychopathy among the rest .
What drives these traits is still unknown .
Previous studies have found that brain centres involved in emotion tend to be less active in psychopathic individuals .
“ Psychopaths seem to experience little to no fear and have very little empathy .
They appear to be unable to put themselves in other people ’s shoes , ” Buckhotlz says .
But that alone ca n’t explain some of the other behaviours often found in psychopaths .
For example , psychopathic criminals are far more likely than other criminals to abuse drugs and alcohol .
And people who get high scores in tests for the psychopathic trait of antisocial impulsivity – a person ’s willingness to manipulate people to achieve their own goals – are more likely to break the law than those who score highly for fearlessness .
Putting these findings together , Buckholtz ’s team wondered whether psychopathic tendencies might stem from abnormal production of dopamine in a region of the brain called the nucleus accumbens that is critical to processing rewards and is also implicated in drug addiction .
Cash rewards
To investigate , Buckholtz ’s team gave 30 volunteers a kind of amphetamine that attaches itself to dopamine - producing neurons .
The drug had been radioactively labelled , so the researchers could see where and how much dopamine was released in response to it .
The team could n’t work with true psychopaths but had to rely on volunteers who had only some psychopathic traits .
That ’s because people who score highly enough on a personality test to be rated as full - blown psychopaths often have a history of substance abuse , which might have confounded any innate differences in dopamine production .
The researchers found that those volunteers who scored highest on antisocial impulsivity tended to produce much more dopamine in their nucleus accumbens than those who scored lower on this trait .
This correlation did not exist for volunteers scoring highly on fearlessness , indicating that higher dopamine production may drive only some aspects of psychopathy .
The team also investigated another way of triggering dopamine production : they asked 24 of the volunteers to play a guessing game with cash rewards while in a functional MRI scanner .
In nearly all of them , the nucleus accumbens lit up when they expected a pay - off , but this change was greatest in those who scored high on antisocial impulsivity .
Rewarding violence ?
Buckholtz concludes that over - anticipating rewards – which could even include violence – and disregarding the costs of obtaining them , combined with an insensitivity to fear and the emotion of others , could produce psychopathic behaviour .
“ This is an intuitive , sensible finding , ” says Joseph Newman a psychologist at the University of Wisconsin - Madison who studies psychopathy .
However , he questions how relevant these results are to people with extremely psychopathic personalities .
Researchers are increasingly studying psychopathic traits in people with more mainstream psychopathic profiles , but Newman says that care must be taken when extrapolating from this .
Antisocial impulsivity , for instance , may have a different cause in homicidal psychopaths than in people who are a bit manipulative but do n’t go as far as breaking the law .
Journal reference : Nature Neuroscience , DOI : 10.1038/nn.2510
Unless you ’re under 20 , you ’ve probably heard the Legend of Microsoft more than once .
IBM thought of software as an accessory for its enormous , expensive computers .
That ’s why , in the early ’ 80s , the company let the upstart Bill Gates keep the rights to the MS - DOS operating system and sell it separately from the computers .
As the mainframe business waned and PCs became a commodity , that turned out to be a colossal strategic error .
Ever since , power in the technology sector has ebbed away from the machine , toward “ platform agnostic ” applications that made hardware less relevant .
Microsoft ’s battles for dominance in the operating - system market were followed by the browser wars against Netscape .
Then even software became less strategically important , as market power shifted toward the gateways to the Internet : e-mail and search engines .
Hardware is still a competitivearena — gaming consoles have been slugging it out for decades .
And of course , there was Apple .
After a foray into licensing its operating system , Apple took back control of the hardware , creating a more stable and consistent user experience at the cost of some flexibility .
But while Macs had devoted fans , most computer users chose PCs for price and flexibility .
Not until the iPod did Apple demonstrate that its business model — controlling the hardware and operating system — could still dominate a market .
And the iPod also created potentially lucrative revenue streams by selling content .
After all , Apple can sell only so many MP3 players or iPhones .
But it can push a seemingly limitless number of songs and videos through the iTunes Store .
Once you ’ve invested in creating a digital - content outlet , the cost of selling an additional unit is low , and you have virtually unlimited economies of scale .
Someday , Apple may well make more money by selling content and applications than by selling pretty machines .
That ’s presumably why Amazon launched its own service for video and music downloads .
Its modest success put competitive pressure on Apple .
But without a winning device that seamlessly integrates with its store , Amazon ’s digital - media service could not achieve the ubiquity of iTunes .
Books , however , are different .
Until the iPad , no Apple device had offered anything comparable to the portability , readability , and battery life of a Kindle , or a book .
With a big enough head start , Amazon had the chance to become the primary retailer of digital reading material .
Moreover , if enough users acquired libraries of books in its proprietary format , Amazon could maintain that competitive advantage almost indefinitely , because of switching costs : users who adopted a different , technologically incompatible brand of e-book would lose their whole library .
But now the iPad will make it hard for Amazon to achieve that kind of effortless lock - in — just as several years ago , Amazon ’s MP3 downloads helped to defeat Apple ’s quest for lock - in with its proprietary copy - protected music .
Change will impact students across country
For the next ten years , millions of students in Texas and across the country will read history textbooks suggesting that the actions of witch - hunt instigator Joseph McCarthy were justified .
They will read about religious icon John Calvin instead of Thomas Jefferson .
They will read a description of the US government that includes the words “ constitutional republic ” but not the word “ democratic . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
These are just a few of the changes an ultra right - wing Texas Education Board has tentatively approved for the state ’s history curriculum .
There is one more stage for approval , but the board voted yes to the changes in a 10 - 5 vote .
That ’s 10 Republicans voting yes and 5 Democrats voting no , making the chances for reevaluation almost negligible .
Once fully approved , it will be a decade before the board reviews the curriculum again .
“ I am very distressed , ” said Mary Helen Berlanga , D - Corpus Christi , who sponsored an unsuccessful amendment to mention that Tejanos were among the fallen heroes of the Alamo .
Most of the board ’s members make no secret of their intent to instill their own religious and political ideologies into public schools , and the consequences of their activism have far - reaching consequences .
Texas buys so many of the country ’s textbooks that publishers tailor their books to match its standards as closely as possible .
As a Washington Monthly article stated , “ When it comes to textbooks , what happens in Texas , rarely stays in Texas . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In other words , students in Rhode Island and Texas could be reading about the Judeo - Christian influences of the nation ’s Founding Fathers at the same time .
But they wo n’t be reading about the rationale for a separation of church and state .
That ’s gone , too .
Bob Craig , R - Lubbock , voted for the curriculum but said “ there is still work to be done . ”
Most of those 10 people who support the changes describe themselves as Christian fundamentalists , including the board ’s chairman Don McLeroy .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ All we are doing is reflecting what has actually happened in the country , ” McLeroy said in a video available below .
“ Somebody has got to stand up the experts . ”
It ’s statements like that prevented this College Station dentist from being reelected .
He was criticized for scrawling a note saying that historians have vindicated McCarthy .
During a board meeting , he outraged fellow board members by saying this :
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The women ’s right to vote , the women did n’t vote on it , the men did , the men passed it for the women , eventually the civil rights act … in other words the minorities were not able to do it by themselves , ” he said .
McLeroy and the other conservative board members have been widely condemned in the US and abroad for politicizing the classroom and pushing religious beliefs onto students .
“ Maybe the conservative board members figure Washington and Lincoln should be replaced by Hannity and Colmes , ” opined a columnist for the Austin American - Statesman .
“ This board is made up of some who think George Washington was the father of our country , and others who think it was Glenn Beck . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
But while many publications have denounced the actions of committee members who describe themselves as Christian fundamentalists , there ’s always Fox News to offer the counterbalance .
In an article titled “ Expert : Reagan gets the shaft in textbooks , ” Professor Larry Schweikart says the quality of a textbook can be ascertained with the “ Reagan test ” .
If it has President Ronald Reagan , it ’s a winner .
Why ?
Because he says textbooks ’ authors are all liberal , of course .
“ They all tend to come from New York , Boston , Washington and Philadelphia , ” giving them a “ drastically ” different viewpoint from the rest of America , he says .
ADVERTISEMENT
The following video aired on ABC News .
[ prev in list ] [ next in list ] [ prev in thread ] [ next in thread ]
List : openbsd - announce Subject : Announce : OpenSSH 5.4 released From : Damien Miller < djm ( ) mindrot ! org >
Date : 2010-03-08 2:06:07 Message - ID : alpine .
BSO.2.00.1003081305130.3902 ( ) fuyu !
mindrot !
org [ Download RAW message or body ] OpenSSH 5.4 has just been released .
It will be available from the mirrors listed at http://www.openssh.com/ shortly .
OpenSSH is a 100 % complete SSH protocol version 1.3 , 1.5 and 2.0 implementation and includes sftp client and server support .
Once again , we would like to thank the OpenSSH community for their continued support of the project , especially those who contributed code or patches , reported bugs , tested snapshots or donated to the project .
More information on donations may be found at : http://www.openssh.com/donations.html
This is a major feature and bugfix release .
Changes since OpenSSH 5.3 =========================
Features : * After a transition period of about 10 years , this release disables SSH protocol 1 by default .
Clients and servers that need to use the legacy protocol must explicitly enable it in ssh_config / sshd_config or on the command - line .
* Remove the libsectok / OpenSC - based smartcard code and add support for PKCS # 11 tokens .
This support is automatically enabled on all platforms that support dlopen ( 3 ) and was inspired by patches written by Alon Bar - Lev. Details in the ssh ( 1 ) and ssh - add ( 1 ) manpages .
*
Add support for certificate authentication of users and hosts using a new , minimal OpenSSH certificate format ( not X.509 ) .
Certificates contain a public key , identity information and some validity constraints and are signed with a standard SSH public key using ssh - keygen ( 1 ) .
CA keys may be marked as trusted in authorized_keys or via a TrustedUserCAKeys option in sshd_config ( 5 ) ( for user authentication ) , or in known_hosts ( for host authentication ) .
Documentation for certificate support may be found in ssh- keygen ( 1 ) , sshd ( 8 ) and ssh ( 1 ) and a description of the protocol extensions in PROTOCOL .
certkeys .
* Added a ' netcat mode ' to ssh ( 1 ) : " ssh - W host : port ... "
This connects stdio on the client to a single port forward on the server .
This allows , for example , using ssh as a ProxyCommand to route connections via intermediate servers .
bz # 1618 * Add the ability to revoke keys in sshd ( 8 ) and ssh ( 1 ) .
User keys may be revoked using a new sshd_config ( 5 ) option " RevokedKeys " .
Host keys are revoked through known_hosts ( details in the sshd ( 8 ) man page ) .
Revoked keys cannot be used for user or host authentication and will trigger a warning if used .
* Rewrite the ssh ( 1 ) multiplexing support to support non-blocking operation of the mux master , improve the resilience of the master to malformed messages sent to it by the slave and add support for requesting port - forwardings via the multiplex protocol .
The new stdio - to - local forward mode ( " ssh - W host : port ... " ) is also supported .
The revised multiplexing protocol is documented in the file PROTOCOL.mux in the source distribution .
*
Add a ' re ad - only ' mode to sftp - server ( 8 ) that disables open in write mode and all other fs-modifying protocol methods .
bz #430 * Allow setting an explicit umask on the sftp - server ( 8 ) commandline to override whatever default the user has .
bz #1229 * Many improvements to the sftp ( 1 ) client , many of which were implemented by Carlos Silva through the Google Summer of Code program : - Support the " - h " ( human - readable units ) flag for ls - Implement tab - completion of commands , local and remote filenames - Support most of scp ( 1 ) 's commandline arguments in sftp ( 1 ) , as a first step towards making sftp ( 1 ) a drop - in replacement for scp ( 1 ) .
Note that the rarely - used " - P sftp_server_path " option has been moved to " - D sftp_server_path " to make way for " - P port " to match scp ( 1 ) .
-
Add recursive transfer support for get / put and on the commandline * New RSA keys will be generated with a public exponent of RSA_F4 == ( 2** 16 ) +1 == 65537 instead of the previous value 35 .
* Passphrase - protected SSH protocol 2 private keys are now protected with AES - 128 instead of 3DES .
This applied to newly - generated keys as well as keys that are reencrypted ( e.g. by changing their passphrase ) .
Bugfixes : * Hold authentication debug messages until after successful authentication .
Fixes a minor information leak of environment variables specified in authorized_keys if an attacker happens to know the public key in use .
*
When using ChrootDirectory , make sure we test for the existence of the user 's shell inside the chroot and not outside ( bz # 1679 ) * Cache user and group name lookups in sftp - server using user_from_ [ ug ] id ( 3 ) to improve performance on hosts where these operations are slow ( e.g. NIS or LDAP ) .
bz #1495 * Fix problem that prevented passphrase reading from being interrupted in some circumstances ; bz #1590 * Ignore and log any Protocol 1 keys where the claimed size is not equal to the actual size .
* Make HostBased authentication work with a ProxyCommand .
bz # 1569 * Avoid run-time failures when specifying hostkeys via a relative path by prepending the current working directory in these cases .
bz #1290 * Do not prompt for a passphrase if we fail to open a keyfile , and log the reason why the open failed to debug .
bz #1693 * Document that the PubkeyAuthentication directive is allowed in a sshd_config (5 ) Match block .
bz # 1577 * When converting keys , truncate key comments at 72 chars as per RFC4716 .
bz # 1630 * Do not allow logins if /etc / nologin exists but is not readable by the user logging in .
* Output a debug log if sshd ( 8 ) can't open an existing authorized_keys .
bz #1694 * Quell tc[gs ] etattr warnings when forcing a tty ( ssh - tt ) , since we usually do n't actually have a tty to read / set ; bz # 1686 * Prevent sftp from crashing when given a " - " without a command .
Also , allow whitespace to follow a " - " . bz #1691 * After sshd receives a SIGHUP , ignore subsequent HUPs while sshd re-execs itself .
Prevents two HUPs in quick succession from resulting in sshd dying .
bz #1692 * Clarify in sshd_config ( 5 ) that StrictModes does not apply to ChrootDirectory .
Permissions and ownership are always checked when chrooting .
bz # 1532 * Set close - on - exec on various descriptors so they do n't get leaked to child processes .
bz # 1643 * Fix very rare race condition in x11 / agent channel allocation : do n't read after the end of the select read / write fdset and make sure a reused FD is not touched before the pre-handlers are called .
*
Fix incorrect exit status when multiplexing and channel ID 0 is recycled .
bz #1570 * Fail with an error when an attempt is made to connect to a server with ForceCommand=internal - sftp with a shell session ( i.e. not a subsystem session ) .
Avoids stuck client when attempting to ssh to such a service .
bz #1606 : * Warn but do not fail if stat ( ) ing the subsystem binary fails .
This helps with chrootdirectory + forcecommand=sftp-server and restricted shells .
bz # 1599 * Change " Connecting to host ... " message to " Connected to host . " and delay it until after the sftp protocol connection has been established .
Avoids confusing sequence of messages when the underlying ssh connection experiences problems .
bz # 1588 * Use the HostKeyAlias rather than the hostname specified on the commandline when prompting for passwords .
bz #1039 * Correct off - by - one in percent_expand ( ) : we would fatal ( ) when trying to expand EXPAND_MAX_KEYS , allowing only EXPAND_MAX_KEYS - 1 to actually work .
Note that nothing in OpenSSH actually uses close to this limit at present .
bz #1607 * Fix passing of empty options from scp ( 1 ) and sftp ( 1 ) to the underlying ssh ( 1 ) .
Also add support for the stop option " -- " . * Fix an incorrect magic number and typo in PROTOCOL ; bz # 1688 * Do n't escape backslashes when displaying the SSH2 banner .
bz # 1533 * Do n't unnecessarily dup ( ) the in and out fds for sftp - server .
bz # 1566 * Force use of the correct hash function for random - art signature display as it was inheriting the wrong one when bubblebabble signatures were activated .
bz # 1611 * Do not fall back to adding keys without constraints ( ssh- add -c / -t ... ) when the agent refuses the constrained add request .
bz # 1612 * Fix a race condition in ssh-agent that could result in a wedged or spinning agent .
bz # 1633 * Flush stdio before exec ( ) to ensure that everying ( motd in particular ) has made it out before the streams go away .
bz #1596 * Set FD_CLOEXEC on in / out sockets in sshd ( 8 ) .
bz #1706 Portable OpenSSH Bugfixes : * Use system 's kerberos principal name on AIX if it 's available .
bz #1583 * Disable OOM - killing of the listening sshd on Linux .
bz #1470 * Use pkg-config for opensc config if it 's available .
bz # 1160 * Unbreak Redhat spec to allow building without askpass .
bz # 1677 * If PidFile is set in sshd_config , use it in SMF init file .
bz # 1628 * Print error and usage ( ) when ssh - rand - helper is passed command - line arguments as none are supported .
bz # 1568 * Add missing setsockopt ( ) to set IPV6_V6ONLY for local forwarding with GatwayPorts=yes .
bz # 1648 * Make GNOME 2 askpass dialog desktop - modal .
bz # 1645 * If SELinux is enabled set the security context to " sftpd_t " before running the internal sftp server .
bz #1637 * Correctly check libselinux for necessary SELinux functions ; bz # 1713 * Unbreak builds on Redhat using the supplied openssh.spec ; bz #1731 * Fix incorrect privilege dropping order on AIX that prevented chroot operation ; bz # 1567 * Call aix_setauthdb / aix_restoredb at the correct times on AIX to prevent authentication failure ; bz #1710 Checksums : ========== - SHA1 ( openssh - 5.4.tar.gz ) = 1776832d902f7b4c7863afd41a5ec7a14efe95d6 - SHA1 ( openssh - 5.4p1.tar.gz ) = 2a3042372f08afb1415ceaec8178213276a36302 Reporting Bugs : ===============
- Please read
http://www.openssh.com/report.html
Security bugs should be reported directly to openssh@openssh.com OpenSSH is brought to you by Markus Friedl , Niels Provos , Theo de Raadt , Kevin Steves , Damien Miller , Darren Tucker , Jason McIntyre , Tim Rice and Ben Lindstrom .
[ prev in list ] [ next in list ] [ prev in thread ] [ next in thread ]
Advertisement
1. Bull Durham ( 1988 )
Ron Shelton ’s classic comedy about minor - league baseball remains the ultimate antidote to the syrupy nostalgia and late - inning theatrics of most movies about the sport .
Irreverent , wise , and richly informed by Shelton ’s own experience in the lower realms of the Baltimore Orioles organization , Bull Durham sees the minors for what they are : a training ground for raw young prospects who will most likely never mature , and a purgatory for long - in - the - tooth players whose veteran stability ( and consistency ) makes them useful before they ’re put out to pasture .
Kevin Costner plays a career minor - league catcher — save for 21 sweet days in the bigs — whose only real purpose is to bring along a dumb , arrogant fireballer ( Tim Robbins ) blessed with more talent than Costner ever had .
Over the course of this final season in the sun , Costner breaks the minor - league career home - run mark — a record he ( and the movie ) treats with the proper amount of ambivalence .
When his protégé finally gets called up , Costner ’s season ( and career ) ends before the summer is even over , but fortunately for him , the consolation prize to an instantly forgotten legacy is the love of a good woman .
Sometimes , the greatest victories are the ones nobody sees .
2. Rocky ( 1976 )
If Rocky Balboa beats Apollo Creed in Rocky , no way the film wins Best Picture , right ?
In retrospect , it already seems ridiculous that Sylvester Stallone ’s modest underdog sensation beat out a murderer ’s row of fellow nominees that included All The President ’s Men , Bound For Glory , Taxi Driver , and Network .
But key to its victory was passing off fantasy for realism :
The audience could believe in the story of a determined , blue - collar pug from Philly who puts up a good fight against the best heavyweight in the world , but it ’s essential that he lose on points , or else Rocky is just another sports movie , not the pseudo - authentic portrait of heart and can - do - ness that inspired five sequels .
But even then , Rocky hedges its bet :
The decision in Apollo ’s favor is relegated to background noise , overwhelmed by Rocky ’s stirring cries of “ Adrian ! ” and the funk - tinged swells of Bill Conti ’s unforgettable score .
3 . The Bad News Bears ( 1976 )
In Michael Ritchie ’s gloriously profane comedy about misfit Little Leaguers , Chris Barnes ’ foul - mouthed kiss - off to the evil Yankees — ” You can take your apology and your trophy and shove ’em straight up your ass ! ” — may be the most obvious victory his Bears score in their climactic championship loss , but it is n’t the biggest .
In true sporting spirit , that notch in the moral - victory column belongs to the whole team — as well as coach Walter Matthau , who , by pulling star players Tatum O’Neal and Jackie Earle Haley in favor of their benchwarming teammates , ensures that they do n’t become the same kind of competitive mini-monsters as the Yankees .
It also saves the formerly apathetic Matthau from becoming the kind of overly invested manager who ’d slap a kid in public .
4. Bring It On ( 2000 )
Bring It On , the poppy , peppy , and at times sharply satirical cheerleading movie that spawned a string of straight - to - DVD sequels , follows some of the usual sports - movie beats : Underdog team is good enough to win championships , underdog team ’s playbook is stolen by ruthless rivals and they ca n’t afford to go to the Big Game , underdog team rallies to take on those ruthless rivals in the Big Game , underdog team wins the Big Game .
The difference is that Bring It On is n’t told from the perspective of the underdogs , The East Compton Clovers ; instead the movie follows the Rancho Carne Toros , a.k.a. the ruthless rivals .
Of course , the Toros did n’t know they were so ruthless .
Apparently , the Toros ’ former head cheerleader , a mean girl known only as Big Red , stole the Clovers ’ thoroughly awesome cheers and taught them to her squad , leading to a number of National Championship titles .
When Kirsten Dunst takes over as head cheerleader , she discovers Big Red ’s deception and scrambles to come up with new , original cheers for her squad .
After her decision to take the easy way out by hiring a choreographer yields thousands of uninspired spirit fingers , Dunst comes up with an original cheer routine and whips her team into shape the old - fashioned way : through a hard - work montage .
Sure , at Nationals ( a.k.a. the Big Game ) the Toros come in second behind the triumphant underdog Clovers .
But considering that the Toros performed a completely original routine for the first time , and that they “ brought it ” against the Clovers , they scored major integrity points .
Advertisement
5. Tin Cup ( 1996 )
Eight years after Bull Durham , writer - director Ron Shelton once again made his kind of sports movie , recasting Kevin Costner as another wily veteran with a chip on his shoulder , this time a backwater golf instructor who squandered his chances to burn up the professional circuit .
When he plays his way into an open tournament that pits him against a former rival and tour champion ( Don Johnson ) , Costner ’s self - destructive habits get the better of him once again .
Neck - and - neck with Johnson on the final hole of the U.S. Open , the prideful Costner refuses to make the smart play by “ laying up ” on a hole with a water hazard , and he pays the price — again and again and again , on national television .
But the genius of Tin Cup — indeed , the genius of Ron Shelton — is that there ’s glory in failure .
When Costner finally does hit this impossible shot , well after costing himself the tournament and a future in the PGA , it offers a kind of euphoria that transcends the cold , efficient business of winning .
6. Paper Lion ( 1968 )
In 1963 , writer George Plimpton spent a few weeks at Detroit Lions training camp , posing as a candidate for third - string quarterback .
He wrote about the experience for the book Paper Lion , which was made into a movie starring a pre-M* A * S*H Alan Alda as Plimpton and actual Lions ( such as future movie / TV star Alex Karras ) as themselves .
The movie follows the book pretty closely , showing Plimpton ’s struggle to fit in with his teammates — who quickly caught on to the ruse — and his trouble with learning the playbook and enduring linebacker hits .
Like the book , the movie Paper Lion ends with the ersatz QB taking a few snaps from scrimmage in a preseason game , and getting his block knocked off .
There ’s no Rudy moment here , but since Plimpton never intended to make the team , there ’s nothing tragic about Paper Lion either .
The skinny Harvard man takes his licks , and fails so colossally that he entertains the crowd .
Advertisement
7. Kingpin ( 1996 )
The Farrelly brothers were at their creative and commercial height when they made Kingpin , a typically ramshackle , gross - out - heavy comedy starring Woody Harrelson as a one - handed bowler who trains gifted Amish kid Randy Quaid to challenge jerky champ Bill Murray .
For most of its running time , Kingpin sticks to stomach - turning ( but funny ) bedroom and barnyard humor , but in its climactic sequence , the Farrellys thumb their nose at sports - flick clichés .
Harrelson takes over for an injured Quaid in a million - dollar tournament , and makes a difficult 7 - 10 split that would seem to clinch victory , until Murray fires a turkey in his 10th frame and comes from behind to win the million .
( “ Finally , Big Ern is above the law ! ” he shouts triumphantly . )
Kingpin still ends on a high , though .
Not only is the final showdown between Harrelson and Murray ebulliently hilarious , but in the last scenes , we learn that Harrelson ’s TV exposure has earned him a lucrative condom endorsement deal .
That ’s the loser ’s way of winning .
8. Whip It ( 2009 )
One of the most charming things about Drew Barrymore ’s directorial debut is that its scruffy underdog heroes are n’t particularly focused on victory at any cost ; they ’re more about self - actualization and actually having fun .
When mousy Ellen Page joins a roller - derby league , her teammates tease her and haze her , but regard her from the start with a supportive big - sister camaraderie that might be impossible in a sports team that actually cared about winning .
She turns out to be more driven than they are , in part because she ’s trying to show up aggressively nasty rival team leader Juliette Lewis , but in the end ( spoiler ! ) her team still manages to lose the big match .
Still , this sad turn of events does n’t break their stride :
They greet it with the same “ we won just by playing the game and kicking ass ” attitude they ’ve always had , and the same ironic yet triumphant chant they ’ve relied on before : “ We ’re number two !
We ’re number two ! ”
9. North Dallas Forty ( 1979 )
Based on an autobiographical novel by Dallas Cowboy Peter Gent , the shaggy satire North Dallas Forty depicts the NFL ( or its fictional stand - in ) as a mercenary cesspool where players are treated like disposable parts , doped up and worn out while the owners and management — the real team — sit back and rake in the dough .
Nick Nolte ’s bench - warming wide receiver has been ground down by years of play , to the extent that only painkillers and physical therapy can get him through a game , but he ’s still determined to get back on the field .
When he ’s suspended for smoking marijuana , he points out indignantly that the players are shot up with harder drugs on a regular basis .
But the movie makes it clear that Nolte is better off as far from football as possible .
The only way to win this game is not to play .
Advertisement
10 . Friday Night Lights ( 2004 )
Peter Berg ’s film of H.G. Bissinger ’s intimately reported non-fiction tale of sports in a small town proved the missing link between the journalism of the book and the deeply felt melodrama of the ( even better ) TV series .
But the film makes several changes to the book , most notably in how it portrays the final playoff fate of the football team at the movie ’s center .
In real life , the team lost in the semifinals , after their opponent came from behind to defeat them .
In the film , the loss comes to the same team in the title game , but the Panthers struggle valiantly , only to succumb at the end by the slimmest of margins .
It ’s all okay , though , because everybody learns a lesson about how to be a better sportsman and a better man .
The film ends with hope for the future , a hope built atop dashed dreams .
11 . Cool Runnings ( 1993 )
One of the few genuine underdogs to ever compete in the Winter Olympics , the 1988 Jamaican bobsled team barely needed any Hollywood gloss to tell their story .
Their saga overflowed with comedy and drama , from fish - out - of - water islanders floundering in the snow to the team ’s determined walk to the finish line with their damaged sled , complete with dramatic applause .
So 1993 ’s Cool Runnings — a very loose adaptation of history , with the team ’s proud military men replaced by dreadlocked goofballs like Doug E. Doug — wisely leaves well enough alone when it comes to the big finish , even though it otherwise adds completely fictional sports - movie clichés at every turn , like a redemption story for John Candy ’s disgraced coach , and villainous European pretty boys who mock the scrappy heroes at every turn .
As in real life , the team crashes and is forced to walk the rest of the way — although in the film , they hoist their bobsled on their shoulders ( you know , for drama ) — and the film ’s parting message is that simply trying your best is a victory in itself .
That might normally be bullshit , but in this case , such a spectacular loss really was the best thing that could have happened :
Had the filmmakers waited to make Cool Runnings until after the 1994 Olympics , when the Jamaicans actually finished ahead of heavy - hitters like the U.S. and Russia ( though they still only came in 14th ) , it ’s unlikely the film would have had the same impact .
LAS VEGAS —A Nevada asphalt contractor who faces a legal challenge to his Tea Party of Nevada candidacy for U.S. Senate was hit Friday with felony theft and bad check charges in Las Vegas that allege he bounced a $ 5,000 business check last year .
Scott Ashjian is one of a record 22 candidates , including 12 Republicans , running for the seat held by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , who is seeking a fifth term .
Bernie Zadrowski , head of the Clark County district attorney 's office bad check unit , said he would seek an arrest warrant Monday in Las Vegas Justice Court .
Ashjian could face up to 14 years in state prison if convicted .
The tea party movement is a disparate coalition of conservative groups angered by federal spending , rising taxes and the growth and reach of government .
Other tea party activists have been distancing themselves from Ashjian , and an ad targeting him has been sponsored by the Tea Party Express , one of the most visible factions of the national tea party movement .
In a separate matter , a Carson City District Court judge on Friday set an April 14 hearing on a lawsuit that challenges Ashjian 's membership in the Tea Party of Nevada and his place on the ballot .
Documents filed with the lawsuit appear to show that Ashjian changed his voter registration on March 2 , the day after he filed his declaration of candidacy .
Ashjian said he 's being targeted by unnamed people acting on behalf of the Republican Party .
" Clearly these people are afraid that I will siphon votes from their political party and from the Republican Party , " he said in a statement in response to the lawsuit .
The criminal charge in Las Vegas stems from a returned check for $ 5,000 written Dec. 7 to a Las Vegas businessman .
Zadrowski , a former Clark County GOP chairman now running for judge , said party politics had no role in his decision to file criminal bad check charges against Ashjian .
" We 're not doing anything different with this case than we do with any other $ 5,000 bad check that comes through the door , " the prosecutor said .
Ashjian , owner of a business called A&A Asphalt , did n't respond Thursday and Friday to e-mail and telephone messages seeking comment on the criminal case or an explanation for what public documents suggest is a pattern of nonpayment of business and personal debts .
A felony conviction would bar him from running for office .
Records show Ashjian lost his state contractor 's license Wednesday after failing to appear for a disciplinary proceeding stemming from a complaint that he bounced a $ 981.82 check to a materials supplier last year .
Ashjian also does business as Jon Scott Ashjian .
The Nevada State Contractors Board fined Ashjian $ 1,500 and ordered him to pay almost $ 1,150 in investigative costs , board spokesman Art Nadler said .
Public documents on file with the Clark County Recorder show Ashjian also faced foreclosure on home loans totaling almost $ 1 million , owed a $ 200,000 Internal Revenue Service tax debt and faced city nuisance actions and liens alleging he failed to pay homeowners ' dues , a roofer , and his trash collector .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
036x . The Rise and Fall of the Commercial Space Industry : A Timeline [ back to comics ? ]
MORENO VALLEY , Calif. , March 8 ( UPI ) --
Officials with a California school district said they have addressed parent complaints about racist and pornographic DVDs and books sold by a booster club .
Moreno Valley Unified School District Superintendent Rowena Lagrosa said all items have been removed from the empty Box Springs Elementary School classroom where the booster club held a sale that some parents said featured pirated DVDs and books with pornographic and racist content , the Riverside Press - Enterprise reported Monday .
Advertisement
" We 've investigated and taken appropriate action , " Lagrosa said .
She said the school 's principal , teachers and booster club members were unaware of the inappropriate items until a concerned parent brought them to the attention of officials .
Parent Christina O'Donnell said she bought several of the offending items at the Feb. 26 sale .
She said they included pornographic and R- rated films as well as a book titled " Aryan Nation Brotherhood " with a swastika on the cover .
Lagrosa said the items came from donations .
She said future donations would be subject to the approval of the school board .
by Nirmala Carvalho
One person is dead and hundreds are injured in Hyderabad .
Sources tell AsiaNews that politicians trying to get rid of the current chief minister are behind the incident .
Hyderabad ( AsiaNews ) –
An indefinite curfew has been put in place in the Indian city of Hyderabad ( Andhra Pradesh ) after one person was killed and 200 people injured in clashes between Hindus and Muslims .
The order was imposed last night on the old city as federal authorities sent in 1,800 paramilitary troops .
Clashes ( pictured ) began on Friday in the Musarambagh area during celebrations of the Hindu festival of Ram Navami , after Hindus tried to resist Muslims removing Hindu flags and banners .
This was followed by an incident in which a goshala or cowshed was set on fire , killing four cows , triggering more violence .
On Monday afternoon , the situation seemed under control , but matters took a serious turn when a man was stabbed to death in the evening .
The authorities have not yet confirmed the number of injured , but local sources say it could be as high as 200 .
“ Several received knife injuries on their wrists .
It was a clear attempt to cut nerves , which would have resulted in faster death , ” they said .
Sources told AsiaNews that politicians are to blame .
“ Politicians regularly fan the flames in the old city .
The latest violence , which left one dead and hundreds of injured , is part of a power struggle inside the Congress party to get rid of the chief minister .
Politicians are causing the tensions for their ambitions of power . ”
“ Violence in the old city is nothing new , ” the sources said .
This part of town “ has seen clashes between Hindus and Muslims in the past .
It is known that politicians hire unemployed youths to create disturbances in the State . ”
Beijing , China ( CNN ) --
Some 153 people were trapped in a Chinese coal mine after it was flooded , state - run media reported .
Mine workers became trapped in the Wangjialing coal mine in China 's Shanxi Province on Sunday when underground water gushed into the mine , the official Xinhua news agency reported , citing the provincial work safety supervision administration .
More than 100 workers were rescued from the mine , officials said .
The cause of the flooding was not immediately known .
Officials originally estimated that 152 people were trapped inside , then revised that number to 123 .
But late Sunday , officials revised the number again to 153 , Xinhua said .
The mine is a key project approved by the provincial government in a coal - rich area , Xinhua reported .
Some pundits , reflecting on the looming U.S. budget deficits , claim that Americans are vastly undertaxed compared with other major nations .
I was wondering , to what extent is that true ?
The most common metric for answering this question is taxes as a percentage of GDP .
However , high tax rates tend to depress GDP .
Looking at taxes as a percentage of GDP may mislead us into thinking we can increase tax revenue more than we actually can .
For some purposes , a better statistic may be taxes per person , which we can compute using this piece of advanced mathematics : GDP / Person =
Taxes / PersonHere are the results for some of the largest developed nations : France .461 x 33,744 = 15,556Germany.406 x 34,219 = 13,893UK.390 x 35,165 = 13,714Canada.334 x 38,290 = 12,789Italy.426 x 29,290 = 12,478Spain.373 x 29,527 = 11,014Japan.274 x 32,817 = 8,992
The bottom line : The United States is indeed a low - tax country as judged by taxes as a percentage of GDP , but as judged by taxes per person , the United States is in the middle of the pack .
Update :
This post has been more controversial than I expected .
I am surprised because I did not say much here .
I merely presented an identity and some data , which illustrated international differences in a novel ( and , I thought , interesting ) way .
In any event , I thank Scott Sumner for coming to my defense
Josh Strom always loved foxes , but it was n't until he became an adult that he started to imagine what it would be like to actually become one .
" I wish I could put my finger on it .
There 's just something about them that speaks to me , " he tells me over coffee and a sandwich near his downtown San Francisco office , where he works as an IT guy for a media company .
For the past 17 years , Strom has had an anthropomorphic alter - ego : Jaded Fox .
" He is six foot two , which is how tall I am .
He 's in his 30s , he has blue eyes and blond hair . "
Strom says , pointing to his blond ponytail and gentle blue eyes .
" He 's a nice guy to a fault .
He offers his services when he should n't be because the people he 's helping do n't really deserve his help .
He 's gotten himself in trouble by doing this , which I myself have done a couple of times .
He 's definitely me .
There 's nothing fetishized about it .
It 's just me in a fox body . "
Strom is a furry — a subset of geeks who like to role play as fictional anthropomorphic characters with human traits .
Furries are often portrayed as weirdos who dress up as animals for sex play .
But Strom is n't here to tell me about costumes or kinks .
He cautiously agreed to an interview with me because — as a 17 - year veteran of the fandom — he wants to set the furry facts straight .
Strom says that the fandom is not about sex at all , and that it's no different than communities of people obsessed with anime or superhero comics .
" The furry fandom is just like any other group of like - minded individuals , " Strom says .
" It 's like a tech nerd going to MacWorld . "
Ever since he was a little kid , Strom liked to draw pictures of animals that spoke — Bugs Bunny , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ... and he was a big fan of Disney .
As a teen , he volunteered as a fox cage maintenance guy at a wildlife reserve .
" I was like , these are the coolest things ever , " he says .
Many veteran furries credit their entrance into the fandom to Disney , specifically to the 1973 animated hit Robin Hood .
Who could forget the savvy canine archer and his muse , foxy Maid Marion ?
" Every character in that movie is effectively a furry , " Strom says .
" They 're all anthropomorphic animals . "
In college , Strom joined the furry fandom .
He got a campus job as a lab admin , where he spent most of his time on Usenet .
" I met a lot of people who were also interested in this stuff , " he says .
" It just made a lot of sense . "
That 's where he discovered alt .
fan.furry , a furry newsgroup .
" I backdoored into FurryMUCK through Disney use groups .
It 's basically a chat room that you telnet into .
Combine Zork , the old Infocom text adventures , with World of Warcraft , and you get a MMO text - based game where you can write the room descriptions and build out stories .
A lot of it has moved to Second Life , but I still have some characters there . "
Strom was also a theater major , so role - playing was a natural fit .
" I found it invigorating and freeing . "
The offline socializing among fur - fans started off as room parties at anime conventions ; then , in 1989 , some of the early adopters decided to hold their own event in Costa Mesa , California , which they called ConFurence Zero .
People were already hosting weekend furry parties in their homes , but the early conventions proved that there was enough of a following to make these a regular occurrence .
By the mid-90s , when Strom attended his first furry convention , hundreds were flocking to cities from Philadelphia to Essex to attend organized events where sold anthropomorphic art and fiction , congregated with fellow furries , and — on occasion — dressed up as bipedal animals .
Today , there are dozens of furry conventions every year with some — like the esteemed Anthrocon — attracting nearly 3,000 people .
But if the furry fandom truly is friendly and imaginative role - play , not a fetish , why do so many people see it that way ?
There were a few catalysts , according to Strom , and he becomes visibly upset to talk about them .
" The early indiscretions of a few people " triggered a media frenzy early on that painted them as sex- crazed cosplayers , he explains .
" They would go to other sci-fi and anime and comic conventions and look at anthropomorphic smut in public , or have loud conversations about , ' Boy I 'd really like to hit this - or - that character from that random movie . ' "
These miscreants were also quick to pipe up to the media , giving the outside world the wrong impression .
Then there was the time when organizers of a certain unnamed furry conference advertised in BDSM magazines .
" We started getting people who were like , this is a good place for us to go and meet swingers and get our jollies off !
They put on costumes just to fit in and were only interested in the sex , not what the majority of us are actually there for . "
Or maybe it 's simply that the world , especially the geek world , just needed an underdog .
" People like to look down on someone else to make themselves feel better , " Strom says .
" That 's just human nature . "
Strom also mentions a 1994 Wired article and a 2001 Vanity Fair article , both of which he feels unfairly portrayed furries as freaks .
After the latter was published , furry convention staff changed their media policies from to be more restrictive .
On the Tyra Banks Show this past September , two furries appeared on a segment titled : " Does your sex life measure up to these guests ? "
The couple told Tyra about costumed sex ( " There are strategically placed holes " ) and their plans to have a furry wedding .
For most serious members of the fandom , was one of those horribly embarrassing incidents that forever marred the way their culture was perceived by the rest of us .
" We 're interested in anthropomorphics , " Strom says .
" We go to conventions to hang out with friends , maybe buy something like art or badges , go to a discussion panel or see a show .
Swinger parties and fetishes are there , but that 's not what the fandom is about . "
In addition to his alter - ego Jaded Fox , Strom has dozens of characters that he role - plays with online — a gay weightlifting Florida panther , a medieval wolf assassin , a sexy Chinese vixen .
" For me , the fandom is a hobby .
It 's also my creative outlet .
Some people go home and sing .
Some draw , some write .
I create roles and work on characters . "
His latest concoction , still a work in progress , is a red fox with black hair wearing John Lennon glasses with a personality loosely based on Dave Tennant 's Dr. Who .
He admits to owning a jackalope fursuit but he only wears it to conventions and has never had sex in it .
He also clarifies that he does not do this to escape reality ( " I 'm quite happy with my life " ) ; he does not think that the Welsh Corgie that just walked past the restaurant window is sexy ( " Bestiality is not furry .
That 's somebody that 's sick " ) ; and he does not look at real animals any differently than you or I ( " Everyone wonders what animals are thinking " ) .
Like most geeks with hobbies , Strom and his furry friends seem to be able to distinguish between their real life and the imaginary world that they play in .
Jaded Fox 's parallel life is perhaps a tool of self - awareness and exploration .
Strom tells me that Fox has evolved and matured since the early years , metamorphosing from gullible red fox to a witty kitsune .
" The once - country bumpkin from Maine has turned into a lot more worldly character who can spot a con more likely than he could back in the day .
It 's been nearly 20 years , and as I 've changed over those years , so has the character .
" I'm Josh .
I 'm an IT guy , I 'm a video game geek , I 'm a theater geek , and I 'm furry .
It 's just one part of who I am . "
British socialite and magazine columnist Peaches Geldof has been axed as the face of a U.K. lingerie brand after naked pictures of her were leaked online .
Saucy snaps of Bob Geldof 's wildchild daughter hit cyberspace last week ( ends28Mar10 ) .
In one shot she 's fully nude on a bed with her legs in the air , while she reveals her breasts , wearing just a pair of pants , in another .
The pictures were posted by a man who claims to have enjoyed a one - night stand with Geldof in Los Angeles in November last year .
He also alleges the pair went on to share a night of sex and drugs .
The 21 year old 's lawyer has slammed the claims , stating : " The allegations that our client was carrying and injecting heroin are denied .
" But despite the denials , the allegations have cost Geldof her lucrative contract with Ultimo .
The star fronted their Miss Ultimo campaign at U.K. department store Debenhams - but bosses have cut ties with Geldof amid concerns she is no longer a " positive role model " .
A company spokesperson tells Britain 's The Sun , " We have been in meetings all morning with regards to the stories that have surfaced over the weekend about Peaches and unfortunately we have no option but to terminate her contract .
" Miss Ultimo is a brand geared towards a young female audience and , as a company , we have a social responsibility to ensure we are promoting only positive role models that young women can aspire to .
" We are thus in the process of removing Peaches from the website and we are working with Debenhams to remove her visuals from all Miss Ultimo shops and window displays throughout the U.K . "
Boudreau discusses Sidney Crosby 's scuffle
Bruce Boudreau was on Pittsburgh sports talker 93.7 The Fan Tuesday morning , and as he's wont to do , he charmed the socks off the hosts .
" You know , it 's kind of hard not to like the bad guy , " one of the hosts said after the segment .
" He 's the bad guy , and we like him . "
The coach and the Pittsburghers did have a disagreement on one thing , though .
You can probably guess what that one subject was .
Yup !
You got it !
The hosts asked Boudreau whether Alex Ovechkin's two suspensions this year have tarnished his image , and the coach defended his guy .
" In Pittsburgh , maybe , " Boudreau cracked .
" Look , we all love him here in Washington .
I do n't know .
He plays hard .
And when you play as hard every night as he does , things are gonna happen .
He got suspended and reprimanded and everything , but the same thing can be said about Sidney .
I mean , you look a the end of last night 's game , which happens a lot .
[ Crosby ] competes so hard , I mean , he ends up in that scrum at the end .
I do n't think his image of being a great player is tarnished by the amount of little feuds he 's gotten into in the course of this year .
But I mean , Ovi 's suspensions are again nationwide , or two nations wide , and you hear it all the time .
It may have , I have no idea .
Not to us , that 's all I know . "
The conversation soon moved on , and after Boudreau had hung up , the hosts revisited this topic , with a special emphasis on Crosby 's little scrum from Monday night , seen above , via D.C. Landing Strip .
" We 're not in a position really to get into a debate [ with Boudreau ] : you ask questions , you get answers and then you can comment on his comments , " one of the hosts observed .
" But the one comparison that he made when I asked him about Ovechkin 's physical play and he talked about what Crosby did at the end of last night 's game , where there was just a little bit of nonsense with Zetterberg ?
That was n't flying across the ice , leaving your feet and cross checking a guy into the boards .
There 's a big difference between the kind of boys will be boys [ scuffles and ] .... That irritated the Red Wings , by the way , what he did .
And that 's good .
It stirs things up . "
This just fits perfectl into Boudreau 's previous discussion of how regional bias will inevitably color the way people look at these two players .
When Crosby gets in end - game shoving , to Pittsburghers , it 's " boys will be boys . "
When Ovechkin seriously injures another player , to Washingtonians , it 's playing his guts out .
Still , if they differ on Ovechkin , there was smiling agreement about the Penguins - Capitals rivalry , and it 's value to hockey .
The hosts even suggested that the Caps should be chosen to play the first game in the Pens ' new arena next season , and they asked Boudreau how long it would take before Wednesday 's game turns intense .
" Maybe the warm - ups , " Boudreau said .
" I mean , let 's face it , I mean , Canadians will say different , but is there a better rivalry in hockey at this point ?
I do n't think so .
Like I said , it takes the whole continent center stage when Pittsburgh plays Washington , and I do n't think the last playoff round that we had against them or the NBC game made it any less than what it is .
It 's two teams that know in this conference that they 're up near the best , and they fight tooth and nail for every inch , whether it 's a psychological edge or what have you come playoff time .
" And it 's got the two bets players in the game today going head to head , and this year it 's even magnified [ since ] with 10 games to go they 're both tied for the goal scoring championship of the league .
So I think everything 's magnified when you guys play us , and I think that 's great for hockey .... I think hockey loves it when Pittsburgh plays Washington , and I think it 's great for the game . "
" He 's right about one thing : it would be an absolute shame if there 's not a Penguins - Capitals postseason meeting again , " one host said later .
" Now we can make fun , we have white outs at Mellon Arena , and they Rock the Red in Washington .
If you 've ever been to a game there and taken your life into your hands , they 've got their little band , and Mike Green plays better on the drums than he does when he 's actually on the ice .
All these guys , Ovechkin and Mike Green and some of these other guys are in a rock band , playing along with this Rock the Red thing that they 've got going .
Everybody wears red , the place is absolutely nuts .
It 's terrific .
It 's a terrific atmosphere . "
" It 's a great , great atmosphere , it is , " another host said .
" And we do need to have that happen .
I do n't care how it 's configured , I do n't care what it takes , we need to have a Washington - Pittsburgh Stanley Cup playoff series this coming spring . "
( Boudreau was also asked about the filming of Slapshot .
" A lot of great x-rated stories that we can't talk about , " he noted .
" Those actors are pretty wild . " )
More Bad English , Please
by Ostatic Staff - Mar. 22 , 2010
I 'd like to see more bad English on mailing lists , and fewer apologies from non-native speakers about their poor English skills .
There 's nothing to be ashamed of in trying to communicate in a second , third , or fourth language and not being an expert .
And it'd be a shame if non-native speakers let fear or embarrassment hold them back from making a vital contribution or asking a question that could help them succeed in contributing or using FLOSS tools .
One of the wonderful things about open source is that it 's multi-national , the truest " melting pot " anyone could hope to find .
Millions of people participate in English - language mailing lists for using and developing open source because it's the most common language among participants .
But for many , it 's not their first ( or even second , or third ) language and the only practice they may get with written English is participating on FLOSS mailing lists .
So , along with a variety of cultural perspectives , you also get some folks whose English skills ( or their estimation of their English skills ) are less than perfect .
If I had a dollar for every email I 've received that included an apology for " poor English , " I 'd be within shouting distance of a comfortable retirement .
But there 's no apology necessary , and that needs to be said rather loudly .
I want to see more bad English on mailing lists !
First of all , no one should feel the slightest shame or embarrassment about making a good faith effort to have a productive conversation with someone else .
There may be room for improvement , and people should be admired for making a continual effort to learn new languages or improve their language skills .
Second , people who are embarrassed with their ability to communicate are likely to speak up less .
To hold back questions for fear that they 're not going to be understood .
To hold back expressing ideas because they might not get the point across as well the first time .
One of the great things about the time I spent with Novell was that I had the opportunity to meet and speak with many people around the world who love free and open source software , and being part of the larger community .
Unfortunately , far too many of the people I met where embarrassed by their proficiency with English .
Several contributors I 've spoken to have admitted reluctance to participate in discussions because they were embarrassed by their skill level with English , or because they feared they would n't be understood .
Often , this fear is misplaced altogether .
Many of the people who have expressed concern about their English were , while not quite fluent , certainly proficient enough to be understood .
Even when there is a moderate language barrier , there should be no shame felt or conveyed for someone trying to participate in their non-native language .
If anything , those of us who are monolingual owe the rest of the group an apology for speaking only the one language .
I 've been reading Linchpin by Seth Godin .
He talks extensively about fear holding people back from doing good work , from making art , from being the most productive they could be .
And I think fear plays a large role when someone feels the need to apologize for their language skills .
Fear that they 're going to be rejected , misunderstood , or simply ignored because they do n't speak the language as well as others .
But that is n't true , or at least it should n't be .
Most communities , and certainly those worth one 's time as a contributor , are eager to hear from everyone .
Even if that means a bit of extra work understanding someone .
Who cares if a person 's English is n't perfect when they 're doing good work or trying to learn ?
Lurking behind some slightly mangled English you 'll often find brilliant and talented contributors who are a delight to work with .
So I 'd like to see a lot more bad English on mailing lists , and I bet you would too .
Spread the word .
A slight departure from furry to finned this week .
Let ’s talk about whales and dolphins - mammals uniquely similar to humans in terms of intelligence and family structure .
The tragic loss of a SeaWorld trainer dragged to a watery death by a 12,300 lb. killer whale sparked media buzz around the world .
Most news reports sensationalized the horror of it all - - a seasoned trainer killed by her prized co-star before a live audience .
With two other fatalities under his fin , “ Tilikum ” now a killer in the truest sense .
But what about this behemoth of the sea , who lived the past 28 years in the equivalent of a large fish bowl .
What kind of life has he had ?
When captive wild animals turn on humans ( particularly those exploited for entertainment purposes ) I tend to sympathize with the animal , and this was no exception .
I thought about Tilikum for days , reading and researching Orca whales almost to obsession .
I wondered how and what he was doing – if they sequestered him in the “ bad boys ” tank before reopening the show .
I do n’t believe he meant to kill his beloved trainer so much as make the point : “ I do n’t like this . ”
Prior to the attack , eyewitnesses reported an agitated , disobedient whale that would n’t perform his tricks .
Was Tilikum just having a bad day or did he simply have enough ?
I ’ve always been fascinated by marine mammals , dolphins in particular .
Orca ’s are the largest member of the dolphin family , with brains nearly five times the size of man’s .
Their intelligence , sensitivity and social structure mirror ours , with tight - knit family groups or “ pods ” swimming happily together for generations .
If they do n’t get caught , that is .
Tilikum ’s idyllic life came to an abrupt halt in November 1983 at the age of 2 , when he was snatched from his mother and siblings off the coast of Iceland — a traumatic experience for any young orca .
For the next 28 years , he learned to perform tricks for food in a confined “ ocean ” measured in feet instead of fathoms , circling endlessly with an artificial family .
Does n’t sound like much fun .
This is what I do n’t get .
People pay good money to get splashed by a giant whale trained to carry a human on his back and perform other tricks for sheer spectacle .
And we think because he does it , he enjoys it .
Those on the receiving end of this multi-billion dollar industry insist the shows promote conservation and education .
I understand the point of captive breeding these magnificent creatures to help sustain the species .
Tilikum himself has fathered several offspring via artificial insemination .
But holding a highly social creature in solitary confinement for decades and asking him to perform repetitious stunts in unnatural surroundings seems cruel .
One of the more compelling opinions of the SeaWorld tragedy came from Psychology Today contributing writer Gay Bradshaw , Ph.D .
She specializes in human - animal relationships and trauma recovery of several species , including elephants , grizzly bears and parrots .
Bradshaw believes after suffering a violent and premature separation from his mother , Tilikum ’s diagnosis conforms to post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) .
“ Tilikum suffered shock and relational trauma from the capture , disrupted development and chronic stress during imprisonment for three decades ” , she writes .
Even legendary marine explorer Jacques Cousteau weighed in years ago , stating “ There ’s about as much educational benefit studying dolphins in captivity as there would be studying mankind by only observing prisoners held in solitary ” .
And what about Lolita , the 42 - year - old orca superstar of Miami ’s SeaQuarium -- she and ten other family members captured off the coast of Washington State on their way to an orca reunion in 1970 — the group chased down and netted amid the sounds of deafening bombs to confuse and corral the terrified animals .
Only 7 lived through it .
I ’m no scientist or left - wing activist but something is n't right here .
And I ’m still worried about Tilikum ’s state of mind .
If you have an opinion on this subject , I ’d love to hear it .
The requested photo source cannot be loaded at this time .
Error : OAuthAccessTokenException Code : 400 , The access_token provided is invalid .
More computers are hacked in China than anywhere else in the world , a new report from security firm McAfee revealed .
In the last three months of 2009 , about 1,095,000 computers in China were hacked , and 1,057,000 in the United States – this on top of the 10 million or so machines already infected in each country .
An estimated $ 1 trillion in intellectual property was stolen worldwide in 2008 through hacking , McAfee estimated .
In China , hacked computers often are clustered into " botnets , " a.k.a. battalions of corrupted computers commandeered to attack websites and spew spam .
The growing presence of botnets is yet another sign of network insecurity – already a huge concern for both business and government .
The news comes just after China closed down Black Hawk Safety Net , the country 's biggest training website for hackers .
The site signed up some 12,000 paying subscribers , providing them with both primers for cyberattack and Trojan software , which hackers use to illegally control computers .
The report also comes after Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton 's historic Jan. 21 speech on Internet freedom , where she announced : " An attack on one nation 's networks can be an attack on all . "
China produced 12 percent of the world 's botnet " zombies , " as they 're called .
The U.S. was second on the list with 9.5 percent – down from the top spot ( and 13.1 percent ) in the previous quarter .
The rest of the top five : Brazil , Russia , and Germany .
It 's not necessarily the Chinese themselves who are causing the problems .
" Just because the attacks original from China does n't mean the people behind the attacks are Chinese or even physically in China , " Gideon Lenkey , founder of protection company Ra Security , told Internetevolution.com .
" China 's Internet is very closed off from the rest of the Internet so it 's a great position to attack from . "
Other findings from the report :
• A drop in spam : Levels dropped from a record 175 billion a day in the third quarter of 2009 to 135 billion , a 24 percent decline .
Do n't get too excited – the " overall historical trend still points upward , " said the report .
" Compared with the fourth quarter of 2008 , volume is up 35 percent . "
For the record , there were about 135.5 billion spam emails sent every day in 2009 , compared with 122 billion a day in 2008 and 76.5 billion a day in 2007 .
The U.S. is the world leader in spam production , but Brazil and India are fast catching up .
• Malware threats are on the rise , nearly doubling over the year .
It was a " transformative and evolutionary year for computer threats , " the report said , with portable storage devices becoming a very popular target .
This is partly because the hardware is so popular , but also because so many PCs use the Windows autorun feature – meaning no user action is required to become infected .
• Last year saw an increase in bogus antivirus software that convinces web users their PC is infected and asks them to pay for equally bogus security software .
Thanks to the growing popularity of Adobe applications , there also was a rise in attempts to exploit vulnerabilities in Flash and Acrobat reader .
Home Is Where The Controller Is ...
( CNN ) -- A high school in Washington , D.C. , on Friday named a former women 's professional football player as its head varsity football coach , a move that a national women 's sports advocacy group calls historic .
Natalie Randolph , 29 , a science teacher at Calvin Coolidge Senior High School , was introduced as the school 's head football coach Friday in a press conference .
" We needed to find the best leader , role model , coordinator and instructor for our young men , " Coolidge principal Thelma Jarrett said .
" Natalie passed our first test -- she 's proven herself as a great organizer , a leader who is knowledgeable about the sport as a player and a coach . "
Students and faculty , along with Randolph 's loved ones and former D.C. Diva teammates were on hand for the announcement as Mayor Adrian Fenty decreed March 12 , 2010 , " Natalie Randolph Day " in Washington .
Randolph was a wide receiver for the D.C. Divas women 's pro football team and a standout sprinter and hurdler at the University of Virginia .
She has experience coaching boys , having been an assistant football coach for Washington 's H.D. Woodson High School in 2006 and 2007 .
But now she 's stepping into the head coaching role , extremely rare for women in high school football , though It 's not clear how many women have been head coaches for boys ' high school football teams .
Randolph said gender would not make a difference in her new role .
" While I am proud to be part of what this all means , being female has nothing to do with it .
I love football , I love football .
I love teaching .
I love these kids , " she said Friday .
" My role as head coach is to do all that I can to help these young men , these students , reach their goals .
I want to make their families , the school , the city proud of us as a team , not me . "
Randolph said she had already sought out some members of her coaching staff .
In a Thursday story about Randolph 's hiring , The Washington Post reported that another Washington teacher , Wanda Oates , was named head football coach at a different Washington high school in 1985 .
But she was removed a day later after coaches who did n't want to coach against her pressured the school district , the Post reported .
Clell Wade Coaches Directory Inc. , a company that keeps a database of interscholastic coaches , does n't keep track of gender , owner Karen Wade - Hutton said .
But Wade - Hutton , whose family has been keeping track of interscholastic sports through the company for 50 years , said that although she 's heard of women who were assistant football coaches at high schools , she 's " never heard of a female head coach at a high school football team . "
The New York - based Women 's Sports Foundation " congratulates Natalie Randolph on her historic mark , " the group 's CEO , Karen Durkin , said in an e-mailed statement Thursday .
" Girls and women -- along with their fathers , sons and brothers -- now have clear evidence that the gridiron ceiling can be broken .
Natalie 's hiring will serve as a much - needed catalyst for women in leadership positions across all sports , " Durkin said .
Rich Daniel , the Divas ' general manager , said Randolph will win over anyone skeptical about her ability to coach in an almost exclusively male sport .
He referenced her assistant position at Woodson , where she worked with wide receivers .
" I know their passing game was one of the best in the league , " Daniel said .
" She went through some of the same things she 'll go through now :
Do you know how to coach ?
Can you play ?
But you can ask that of males , too .
That 's not unique to her being a female .
" People will have that initial reaction , but they 'll realize she ... really knows what she 's talking about . "
Randolph 's attorney , Lawrence Wilson , said , " I think everybody is pretty excited about it , not just because she 's making history , frankly , but I think they 're just excited about having Natalie Randolph . "
Wilson , who knew Randolph at Virginia , where he also was a track and field athlete , said she is a " soft - spoken teacher -- and I 'm sure a coach -- with a swift sword . "
" She has a quiet demeanor about her but has no problem getting respect from people , " he said .
Date of birth
Das Feld Tag muss ausgefüllt werden .
Das Feld Monat muss ausgefüllt werden .
Das Feld Jahr muss ausgefüllt werden .
You must be of legal drinking age in your country to continue
They are both Rob Liefeld 's finest creations .
And Deadpool especially is finding success , a film on the way and the character supporting four monthly mini-series .
where once the character failed to keep even one going .
So naturally Deadpool was on hand to change the name of Cable 's final issue , to Deadpool And Cable , to see his old friend out .
And who better than Rob Liefeld to see them out than by giving them a final cover ?
But of course , that 's not the end of it .
Rob Liefeld has been twittering with joy the various Deadpool - styled characters who will be populating the Deadpool Corps book , Headpool , Kidpool , Dogpool and Lady Deadpool .
And now we know why .
He 's drawing the book .
Yes , all of it .
And yes , so far , it seems to be on time .
Oh and in related news , X - Men Legacy is still called X - Men Legacy .
How soon before that changes ?
If you send over the special Pikachu Coloured Pichu obtained from an event or over WiFi , a special feature will activate .
This event takes place in Ilex Forest .
When you go by Celebi's Shrine in Ilex Forest when you have the Pikachu Coloured Pichu in your party , a Spiky - Ear Pichu will appear .
If you inadvertantly evolve the Pichu into a Pikachu or eventually a Raichu , the event will still work
Like Pokémon Platinum , Heart Gold & Soul Silver have got special details implemented within the game if you send certain Pokémon over ..
In Platinum , this allowed for new forms and capturing of certain Pokémon .
However , Heart Gold & Soul Silver have got a slightly different take on this .
With the Pikachu Coloured Pichu and the Spiky Eared Pichu in Ilex Forest , the Spiky Eared Pichu shall then join your team .
This Pichu is completely unique and you will be unable to get it by any other means .
However , there are a variety of new details about it .
However , there is a draw back to the Spiky - eared Pichu .
First , the Pichu is unable to evolve into Pikachu and as such not into Raichu .
In addition to this , it is unable to be traded to other games .
The Spiky Eared Pichu is always female and appears to be given to you at level 30 .
It has many attacks that Pichu would not normally know .
The details are as follows
Born and Raised in New Orleans La , USA , Craig Tracy is known for his amazing and eye - deceiving works of body paintings .
Some of his paintings feature only a human model while on others he merges them with stunning backdrops to give the display depth .
Each work takes mostly a whole day and can be very exhausting for both the artist and the models , who are always volunteers .
The 42 year - old artist owns and operates the very first art gallery in the world dedicated to fine art of body painted images , located in New Orleans .
Measles : A dangerous illness
by Roald Dahl
This was written in 1986 .
It is just as relevant today .
Olivia , my eldest daughter , caught measles when she was seven years old .
As the illness took its usual course I can remember reading to her often in bed and not feeling particularly alarmed about it .
Then one morning , when she was well on the road to recovery , I was sitting on her bed showing her how to fashion little animals out of coloured pipe - cleaners , and when it came to her turn to make one herself , I noticed that her fingers and her mind were not working together and she could n't do anything .
" Are you feeling all right ? " I asked her .
" I feel all sleepy , " she said .
In an hour , she was unconscious .
In twelve hours she was dead .
The measles had turned into a terrible thing called measles encephalitis and there was nothing the doctors could do to save her .
That was twenty - four years ago in 1962 , but even now , if a child with measles happens to develop the same deadly reaction from measles as Olivia did , there would still be nothing the doctors could do to help her .
On the other hand , there is today something that parents can do to make sure that this sort of tragedy does not happen to a child of theirs .
They can insist that their child is immunised against measles .
I was unable to do that for Olivia in 1962 because in those days a reliable measles vaccine had not been discovered .
Today a good and safe vaccine is available to every family and all you have to do is to ask your doctor to administer it .
It is not yet generally accepted that measles can be a dangerous illness .
Believe me , it is .
In my opinion parents who now refuse to have their children immunised are putting the lives of those children at risk .
In America , where measles immunisation is compulsory , measles like smallpox , has been virtually wiped out .
Here in Britain , because so many parents refuse , either out of obstinacy or ignorance or fear , to allow their children to be immunised , we still have a hundred thousand cases of measles every year .
Out of those , more than 10,000 will suffer side effects of one kind or another .
At least 10,000 will develop ear or chest infections .
About 20 will die .
LET THAT SINK IN .
Every year around 20 children will die in Britain from measles .
So what about the risks that your children will run from being immunised ?
They are almost non-existent .
Listen to this .
In a district of around 300,000 people , there will be only one child every 250 years who will develop serious side effects from measles immunisation !
That is about a million to one chance .
I should think there would be more chance of your child choking to death on a chocolate bar than of becoming seriously ill from a measles immunisation .
So what on earth are you worrying about ?
It really is almost a crime to allow your child to go unimmunised .
The ideal time to have it done is at 13 months , but it is never too late .
All school - children who have not yet had a measles immunisation should beg their parents to arrange for them to have one as soon as possible .
Incidentally , I dedicated two of my books to Olivia , the first was James and the Giant Peach .
That was when she was still alive .
The second was The BFG , dedicated to her memory after she had died from measles .
You will see her name at the beginning of each of these books .
And I know how happy she would be if only she could know that her death had helped to save a good deal of illness and death among other children .
A former supervisor at the Toronto Humane Society is facing charges of animal cruelty after surrendering himself to police Saturday .
Vijay Kumar , accompanied by his lawyer , turned himself into 52 Division .
There , he was arrested and charged by OSPCA investigator Kevin Strooband , who is leading the probe of the THS .
Launched last June , the investigation has resulted in allegations of animal cruelty against senior management and the shelter ’s board of directors .
“ Our first priority is the ongoing safety of the animals , ” Strooband said in a press release .
“ We continue to find it necessary to lay charges of this nature because of what we ’ve uncovered during the course of this investigation . ”
Kumar left the Humane Society in March of last year .
He is charged with two counts of animal cruelty , and will appear in court on April 27 at Old City Hall .
His arrest brings to seven the number of current and former Humane Society officials facing charges since the OSPCA made a dramatic raid of the organization ’s River St. headquarters last November .
Also charged with animal cruelty were controversial former director Tim Trow , who subsequently resigned at the end of January , as well chief veteranarian Stephen Sheridan .
There 's no escaping that 3D trend , that 's for sure .
Both ASUS and MSI are demoing 3D versions of their respective all - in - one PCs here at CeBIT , though both companies say they are just concept models at this point .
ASUS ' 3D Eee Top was n't up and running , but there was a pair of NVIDIA - branded glasses next to it which hints that they may be exploring putting 3D Vision into its touchscreen system .
We had better luck at MSI , where we got to put on a rather large pair of shades and watch some very happy show - goers play Left 4 Dead in 3D .
We 're not sure what to make of the 3D in a touchscreen all - in - one thing , but it was pretty cool to just tap the screen to enable some three - dimensional images .
Hit the break for a quick video of MSI 's 3D Wind Top .
As a person who really enjoys flying airplanes , I never thought I would ever say this , but flying a simulator can be as much fun as flying the real thing .
Of course it helps when the simulator is a replica of the space shuttle cockpit at the Johnson Space Center in Houston .
On a recent assignment for AOPA Pilot magazine , I arrived early for an interview with Ken Ham , commander on the shuttle flight scheduled to lift off on May 14 .
While I waited , an engineer fired up the simulator where we were going to conduct the interview and let me make some practice approaches .
Known as the Shuttle Engineering Simulator , or SES , it 's not the full motion simulator used for full flight profile training , but rather a fixed - base simulator used by astronauts and engineers for both training and testing changes that will be made on the shuttle .
The SES is very similar to the e-cab used by Boeing and other aircraft makers to test systems before putting them on the real thing .
Whether it was a change to a guidance computer , or an upgrade to the software controlling the nine glass panel displays , many of the improvements made to the shuttle over the years were tested right here .
Shuttle commanders and pilots ( commander is in left seat , pilot in the right ) also use the SES for training , especially early on in their preparation .
The wood on the floor in front of left seat has been worn smooth by thousands of heels sliding back and forth controlling the rudder pedals over the years .
With the news that the shuttle will likely continue flying into 2011 , instead of being retired later this year as previously scheduled , the SES may yet see a few more heels .
Sadly , even with the extension , this was as close as I would probably get to my astronaut dreams .
Still I was eager to try flying the heaviest and most expensive glider ever built .
Computers control much of the flight until the last 4 - 5 minutes before landing .
So I was given the chance to fly several approaches into the Kennedy Space Center , landing on runway 15 .
My flights began with the shuttle heading east towards the Atlantic passing over KSC at 50,000 feet and 240 knots ( equivalent air speed or KEAS ) .
It turns out the shuttle is a terrible glider .
I do n't have a lot of glider experience , but I know that pitching nose down at 20 degrees and a descent rate of more than 10,000 feet per minute is n't considered good .
An airliner typically follows a 3 - degree glide path when approaching the runway .
According to Commander Ham , this is probably the biggest challenge facing the average pilot .
" The sight picture is a lot different , " he said , " but it 's a pretty easy task for an experienced pilot to make a safe landing with just a little bit of information , " Commander Ham said , adding that a perfect landing is very difficult .
Of course , like many things , it might be easy when everything is going right .
It 's the emergencies and unexpected scenarios that require the bulk of the training .
" Then things get a bit more difficult .
It starts to challenge your flying skills a bit more , " Commander Ham noted , saying it is similar to flying other aircraft where you train for emergencies .
" It 's just another flying job . "
I paused and debated to myself whether or not to challenge that last point .
Never mind .
Back in the sim , I passed through 40,000 feet and got ready to start my turn around the heading alignment cone or HAC , which is a guidance system that allows pilots to follow a circular descent path to the runway .
As I continued the turn , I could see the Florida coast out the left window , and out of habit , I started looking for the runway .
My airspeed was around 290 knots as I turned to line up with runway 15 and pass through 12,000 feet .
The shuttle is remarkably stable to fly as I suppose would be the case with any brick featuring stubby wings .
Moving the stick is a bit unusual because it requires only small wrist movements .
Perhaps most interesting is that it pivots in the middle of the palm for pitch ( controlling nose up or nose down ) .
Commander Ham explained later that this is to prevent inadvertent movement during launch .
" It 's a beautiful design , you can fly uphill at 3g's with your hand on the stick and nothing happens , " he said .
So far the approach had n't been too difficult .
In front of me there was a heads - up display ( HUD ) with airspeed , altitude and other key flight parameters .
Most importantly there was a flight - path marker and guidance diamond .
These navigation aids make it rather easy for a pilot to find the way to the runway and line up , assuming that everything is working .
You just keep the flight - path marker on the guidance diamond and the runway should eventually appear in front of you .
On final approach , a pair of triangles rose from the bottom of the HUD when it was time to begin the flare , which slows the rate of descent .
In a typical small airplane , a pilot might begin the flare at 10 to 30 feet above the runway traveling around 60 knots .
In the shuttle , you start the flare at 2,000 feet and 300 knots .
That part would take some getting used to .
" This is the critical part , " Commander Ham explained .
" At 2,000 feet , if you do n't start pulling up , you 're going to die . "
So I followed the guidance on the HUD and touched down the main gear with a squeak at 200 knots with the nose still pointing rather high in the air .
After what seeemed like a very long time , the nose gear eventually came down with a thud and I rolled safely to a stop .
A space shuttle commander has countless landings in simulators at the Johnson Space Center , and at least a thousand simulated landings in NASA 's Shuttle Training Aircraft .
I realize I 'm a long way from having the skills necessary to fly the orbiter .
But if I were ever stowed away in the cargo bay and the announcement came over the speakers , " Is there a pilot on board ? "
I would at least have a chance of getting the world 's heaviest glider on the ground safely .
Images : Jason Paur/ Wired.com
Today we wanted to highlight an intriguing presentation from Vitaliy Katsenelson at ContrarianEdge.com .
Katsenelson is the Portfolio Manager at Investment Management Associates , Inc. and he outlines the possibility that China is the mother of all black swans .
His presentation focuses on the notion of late stage growth obesity and other factors .
There has been a sweep of pessimism surrounding China 's prospects as of late and we recently covered hedge fund manager and short seller Jim Chanos ' presentation on China overheating as well .
Additionally , we 've also detailed global macro hedge fund Woodbine Capital 's focus on the dispersion between the industrialized and emerging worlds .
Here is Katsenelson 's presentation ' China - The Mother Of All Black Swans ' and you can download a .pdf copy in the embedded document viewer by clicking the ' download ' button :
Certainly interesting thoughts and he is not alone in his view .
Katsenelson also recently appeared on Yahoo !
TechTicker with Aaron Task and Henry Blodget where he detailed his bullish stance on shares of Pfizer ( PFE ) and Vodafone ( VOD ) .
David Einhorn shares this stance and outlined the case for VOD in hedge fund Greenlight Capital 's investor letter .
Rep. Chellie Pingree ( D - ME ) has a new process for reviewing requests for earmarks ( money apportioned to local projects ) : she requires anyone requesting an earmark to make a video about it and put it online where everyone can see it .
As your Member of Congress , I am committed to doing everything I can to support the economic and community development important to the people of the First District — that means fighting for sound federal investments in our community that can grow our economy and create jobs .
This year , I am unveiling a new , transparent and open approach to how I receive , review and submit these federal funding requests : every requesting organization has been asked to make a short presentation , which has been recorded and posted online .
This is in addition to extensive written materials they submit describing their funding request and how it will benefit Maine 's first district .
All of this information is particularly geared towards jobs retained or created and examining the long - term economic benefit of federal dollars .
The videos and project descriptions will be posted on my website and the public is invited to comment on the projects .
I would love to hear what you think about these projects or this process .
Was this giant glowing aerial presence just a satellite — or a sign of intelligent life in the universe ?
That 's what scientists are asking when a strange , eerily familiar shape showed up in a photo of Norway 's Northern Lights .
Advertisement
The aurora borealis — oddball illumination caused by iodized atoms in extreme northern latitudes — are weird enough as it is without something like this showing up .
Here , in a story by the Mail Online about the image captured by an amateur photographer , reporter Claire Bates fields educated guesses as to what exactly this thing is .
The photographer first assumed the odd optical effect was a spot on his camera lens .
But after he posted his photographs on Spaceweather .com he was inundated with emails from interested experts from around the world .
Advertisement
Apparently every theory makes sense — but not completely enough to make a solid explanation .
Fun fact : Carl Sagan 's Cosmos speculated that lifeforms on Jupiter , and other gas giants , could look very much like enormous jellyfish , using something like jet propulsion to move itself through the thick atmosphere .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Northern Lights image from Per - Arne Mikalsen .
Jellyfish courtesy Getty Image .
THE PUBLIC are to be given an opportunity to decide where a controversial sculpture in south Co Dublin is to be relocated .
The Gateway sculpture , by Wexford artist Michael Warren , was temporarily removed last year by Dún Laoghaire Rathdown County Council to make way for road improvement works .
County manager Owen Keegan has told councillors its original location , between the town ’s busy harbour and a retail complex , is no longer considered appropriate .
The 20 - foot sculpture has attracted public debate since it was installed in 2002 .
Made from corten steel , which gives a rough orange appearance after slow oxidisation , it has been described variously as “ fantastic ” , “ beautiful ” , “ ugly ” and “ rusty ” .
It was commissioned by developer Eddie Sweeny under the Per Cent for Art Scheme , and erected close to the Pavilion retail and theatre complex and Dún Laoghaire ’s 19th - century county hall .
When the sculpture was first installed , the council invited Mr Warren , a member of Aosdána , to address councillors on the piece .
Though initially satisfied by the artist ’s explanations of his work , following local elections councillors became unhappy again and there were further calls for the removal of the sculpture .
Last year , the council removed it temporarily to allow for local road improvements and the redesign of the area fronting the Pavilion complex .
In a report sent to councillors in advance of a meeting tonight , Mr Keegan said it was proposed to re-site the Gateway sculpture on a new traffic island further along Crofton Road .
“ It is considered that the redeveloped area adjacent to the Pavilion complex will not constitute an appropriate location for the Gateway sculpture , ” he said .
He said the proposed new location “ stays true to the original vision of the artist , whose concept was to create a sculpture that would frame the entrance to Dún Laoghaire when viewed from Crofton Road ” .
The surface of the sculpture is also to be restored to remove stains and marks and will have a stable , anti-graffiti seal .
Mr Keegan said Mr Warren had been consulted and had indicated he was open to the proposal .
Given the sensitivity of the project and the public interest it would generate , he recommended the relocation be carried out under a Part 8 scheme .
This will mean the plan will be put out for public consultation , and submissions will be accepted before councillors make a decision on the sculpture ’s final location .
Councillors will discuss the report at a local area meeting tonight .
Eric Cantor claims that no one wants to go on Medicaid .
Really ?
I wonder if those with no insurance at all or with their premiums going through the roof that might prefer that option would agree with you ?
He also says the GOP wants " more people uninsured " .
As Media Matters asked , Freudian slip ?
CANTOR : ... the , the reality is , and take a little bit a different approach here and difference with that statement , the reality is Republicans do care about health care .
We want to address the first and most foundational element which is cost , because if we can bring down costs , more people can access care .
But we also know that there is something we need to do to get more people on insured .
The problem is with the president 's bill , it 's about expanding Medicaid .
No one wants to , to go onto Medicaid .
That 's why physicians in Florida and other states are leaving Medicaid in droves because of the imperfect reimbursement structure .
That 's what this bill is about is expanding the government programs that do n't work .
We need real reform to bring down costs .
Auto !
Automatic !!
parted ways with bassist Nate Murray in early 2010 after close to a year of inactivity .
Creative differences and internal struggles were preventing the band as a whole from expanding its sound and progressing beyond the ' Another Round ' era of songwriting .
A break was needed … and after some long thought and reevaluation , the overall direction and goals for the future of the band were achieved .
This new direction along with the addition of bassist , Adam Khan , gives the group a much more progressive sound .
With less emphasis on constant in - your - face tech … read more
Way to go , Timmy .
That 's the spirit .
Tim Geithner is set to deliver unwelcome to news to those who play in the public Fannie Mae ( FNM ) and Freddie Mac ( FRE ) casino .
Bloomberg :
“ Private gains can no longer be supported by the umbrella of public protection , capital standards must be higher and excessive risk - taking must be appropriately restrained , ” Geithner said in testimony prepared for the House Financial Services Committee that was obtained today by Bloomberg News .
The hearing is scheduled for tomorrow at 10 a.m. in Washington .
Geithner said the Treasury Department and the Department of Housing and Urban Development will issue a request for comment by April 15 on how to overhaul the U.S. housing - finance system and its regulatory structure .
The government needs to make sure there is “ no ambiguity over the status or allowable activities of any private entity which enjoys any benefits or protections from the government , ” he said .
Unfortunately , he 's going to be extra-careful , and promise everyone that the administration is n't about to pull the rug out from under reform or undermine the housing market .
Still , getting rid of the publicly traded stock -- the fiction that these are private entities -- would not be a bad first step .
He has also been at odds with minority caucuses within the Democratic fold in the House .
Members of the Congressional Black Caucus and Congressional Hispanic Caucus say he does not pay attention to their issues .
Hispanic lawmakers blame him for a provision inserted into the Senate health care legislation that would bar illegal immigrants from buying policies on new insurance exchanges even with their own money , and they complain that he is not putting any energy behind liberalizing immigration laws .
“ There are strong feelings about Rahm Emanuel among members of the Hispanic caucus , ” Representative Nydia Velázquez of New York , the head of the caucus , told me .
“ People feel Rahm Emanuel has not been helpful in moving forward .
He ’s always about the numbers .
He ’s always about being the pragmatist .
He ’s always about winning . ”
More loyal , personally at least , have been the members of the class of 2006 that he helped bring into office , many of them in traditionally conservative districts .
Even those who disagreed with Emanuel vouch for him .
“ It ’s unfair for people to point the finger solely at him , ” says Altmire , the congressman who voted against health care .
“ There ’s a lot of blame to go around when things like this happen .
Everybody ’s looking for a scapegoat . ”
And it is clear that Emanuel has these members ’ interests at heart as he measures how far to push .
He hears all the time from moderates in the House worried about the direction the president is leading them .
“ We call him up and say , ‘ Hey , Rahm , you ’ve got to push this back to the middle , ’ ” Representative Heath Shuler of North Carolina told me .
“ He always says : ‘ I hear you .
I hear everything you ’re saying .
I ’m doing everything I can . ’ ”
In a way , this is a problem of his own creation .
Had he not helped so many moderates win their elections in 2006 , perhaps he would not have to cater to them so much , or so the theory goes .
On the other hand , he and his allies point out , without those moderates , Democrats might not even control the House , making the point moot .
“ I analogize Rahm to Gumby : he ’s got the White House grabbing both hands , both Houses grabbing both legs , all pulling in different directions , ” Debbie Wasserman Schultz , a Florida congresswoman and chief deputy whip , says .
“ He ’s really being pulled between the bold views of the president and the mechanical reality of the Congress , which is very incremental and often slow . ”
AS FRENETIC AS Emanuel is , the pace and the struggle are wearing on him in a way that friends do not recall seeing before .
His nature is to be involved in everything — “ Rahm can do everybody ’s job and some days does , ” says another White House official .
While Obama has made a point of organizing his own schedule to be family - friendly , Emanuel is often at the office when the president arrives and still there when he leaves .
A friend recalled a dinner party just before Christmas when Emanuel seemed on the verge of exhaustion .
“ He was just lying on the sofa on a Saturday night , saying , ‘ I ’m so tired , I ’m so tired , ’ ” the friend told me .
The setbacks and the mounting attacks have only worsened since then .
“ I can see it in his eyes , ” says Shuler , who runs into him at the House gym , where Emanuel still works out as early as 5:30 most mornings .
“ It ’s taking a toll on him . ”
For Emanuel , the last two months have been particularly frustrating .
He finished last year boasting that Obama had the most productive first year of any president since Franklin D. Roosevelt , and now he hears all the time about Obama ’s lost first year .
Emanuel for months has reminded anyone who would listen of a succession of victories that , he laments , have gone largely overlooked — besides the stimulus , he points to the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay
Act expanding the right of women to sue over pay inequities ; new authority for the federal government to regulate tobacco products and advertising ; broader consumer protections for credit - card users ; and expansion of health care coverage for children in low - income families .
All of which is true enough , but they all passed in the first half of last year .
It is far harder to name examples of major legislation signed into law in the past nine months .
Ever since the Massachusetts election upended their plans , Obama and Emanuel have tried to find a new path .
At first , Obama sounded populist themes , hoping to tap into the anger that propelled Scott Brown to victory .
But Emanuel worried that the tone was too sharp and organized a series of encounters with business leaders and business journalists to position the president more carefully as someone who shares voters ’ frustration but also supports economic growth and the free market .
Emanuel is said to figure that Americans still mostly like Obama and think he is on their side .
“ He is not seen as part of the Washington problem , ” says a senior White House official .
“ In fact , if anything , he is seen as trying to clean it up , and the question about him is does he have the swat to get it done . ”
Emanuel tells colleagues that the outsider brand represents Obama ’s most powerful asset , and protecting it is Emanuel ’s top political priority .
To guard that reputation , Obama has spent more time traveling outside the Beltway and trying unconventional things like engaging Republicans in live televised discussions about health care and other issues .
The hope is that voters will appreciate his seriousness .
If at the same time , he triangulates between Congressional Republicans and Democrats a little , just as Clinton did when Emanuel was in his White House , so be it .
The newfound drive for bipartisan cooperation , of course , is as much tactical as anything else .
To be sure , if Republicans suddenly signed onto Obama ’s legislative priorities , he would be happy to have them .
But the main point is to look bipartisan to the public , particularly the independents drifting away from Democrats since Obama ’s inauguration .
“ Rahm thinks bipartisanship is a way to get what you want — to fake bipartisanship to get what you want , ” a senior administration official told me .
“ He understands that ’s a better way to get things done than to be nakedly partisan . ”
Description :
In this rough and tumble Pizza city you have but one job : get the pizza to its destination in one piece .
Or eight pieces , if you want to get technical .
Shuttle those pizzas all over the expensive city landscape filled with weird and wonderful characters .
If you do well and earn enough why not upgrade your car and get those pizzas flowing faster .
Designing a character for a game is no easy task .
Even little nuances such as a character 's shoes or hairstyle can affect how players perceive their hero .
Redesigning a character brings additional challenges because players already have a set of expectations for established characters .
Designers will go through hundreds of concepts before settling on a final design for their character .
Valve 's concept artist , Matt Charlesworth , explains how that process is working for Portal 2 .
From The Beginning
“ We sort of agreed that as a character Chell was really successful in the first Portal .
She fit into the world really well and complemented it without the distractions that a more flashy character would bring .
She served a utilitarian purpose for that game , but at the same time when we started out on Portal 2 we were n't sure if we wanted to bring her back .
So we explored a few other characters before returning to Chell .
“ Right from the beginning , we were constrained to replicate the character that was in the first game .
Later on , we decided that we were probably missing a trick by not having Chell present , so we moved her back into that role .
We were trying to do different things .
Some of the images started with a sporty look – almost like motorcycle gear .
Very different from the first aesthetic , even though we were still going for clean and simple .
We were playing around with proportion as well , trying to play a lot more with extreme feminine proportions and a totally different color scheme .
“ We explored changing Chell ’s nationality for a little bit .
Nobody really knew what Chell was in the first game .
She kind of had a hint of Japanese ethnicity to her , but we were still not quite sure if we were going to keep her or make her a new character .
In the end , the things that were successful were the more minimal , clean , utilitarian looks .
Nothing was on there for fashion .
The constraints we had were that this girl was supposed to be dressed by machines , so any markings on the suit would have been on there for readability by the computer .
She was never supposed to look as if she 'd been designed .
But that 's something we fought with – to make her still appealing to the player , but not look over designed .
Anything that does n't serve a real purpose on the character tends to get cut .
Throwing Out Ideas
“ We played around with some different machine - read imagery , and what extra things you might have on a suit like this , but we ’re leaning away from the bar code design now , because it seems like it 's been done quite a bit before , and originality is something I really associate with Portal .
“ The stuff that was more successful was the really minimal approach , and that 's sort of led us to this concept .
This just seemed to strike a chord with everyone , because it really seemed like it belonged in the Portal world .
It made her look physically capable , but at the same time , there is a vulnerability about her .
That 's what is attractive to everybody .
“ The 06 is an arbitrary graphic put on there .
We 're trying to de-humanize the character a little bit .
That 's something that was continually coming up with some of the other concepts suited to the prisoner number system – that constant dehumanization of these test subjects . "
Work In Progress
“ This is not supposed to look like a sexy Marvel superhero suit .
It ’s supposed to look like it was designed without any thought of making her look attractive .
We do n't want to make her be unattractive , but we want to balance that out .
Chell is a test subject , so she should look like one .
Not a prisoner or a janitor or something .
We also want people to remember the character this time around .
Before I started working on Portal 2 , I barely remembered the character from the first game
“ The hat came up sort of halfway through the concepting phase .
It just seemed to strike a chord with everyone .
It 's something that always makes me think of test pilots – people who were subjected to testing and extreme conditions .
It serves a second purpose too , because if there 's a graphic on it that 's constantly readable from all angles then there can be graphics on the hat that are trackable by the computers in the world .
That sort of serves the fiction of her being tested by GLaDOS .
Also it keeps the hair out of her eyes .
“ We ’re still not entirely sure what we 're doing with the spring heels .
They were always something that was in Portal 1 , and some of us are attached to them , and some of us are n't , so I ’ve experimented with how we can do with them right this time around , and how we would go about replacing them .
Everything should look 10 times better than the first Portal , that 's the goal . ”
Valve 's Tristan Reidford is the artist working on designing the game 's co-op bots
Designing For Two
“ We went through a phase of putting stuff up and deciding what the direction was .
The co-op bots , at the very beginning our concepts had a very Westworld feel .
We wanted them to look human , but feel robotic .
They eventually developed into being these far more graphic , very industrial looking robots .
We took turrets and the personality spheres and integrated them into the designs .
There 's so much personality in Portal that we thought we could almost tell a story with their design and get more use out of the art than we already had .
“ We drew them holding hands because it just kind of describes the whole co-op idea , if slightly tongue - in - cheek .
Portal ’s got a sense of humor .
It 's quirky , but it shows that one of the biggest things that is important to Portal 2 will be that you 're playing with a friend .
It 's one of those weird things , where somebody just kind of did it , and we had the sort of team moment where we were like “ yeah that ’s pretty cool . ”
RIYADH ( Reuters ) - A prominent Saudi cleric has issued an edict calling for opponents of the kingdom ’s strict segregation of men and women to be put to death if they refuse to abandon their ideas .
Shaikh Abdul - Rahman al - Barrak said in a fatwa the mixing of genders at the workplace or in education “ as advocated by modernisers ” is prohibited because it allows “ sight of what is forbidden , and forbidden talk between men and women ” .
“ All of this leads to whatever ensues , ” he said in the text of the fatwa published on his website ( albarrak.islamlight.net ) .
“ Whoever allows this mixing ... allows forbidden things , and whoever allows them is an infidel and this means defection from Islam ...
Either he retracts or he must be killed ... because he disavows and does not observe the Sharia , ” Barrak said .
“ Anyone who accepts that his daughter , sister or wife works with men or attend mixed - gender schooling cares little about his honour and this is a type of pimping , ” Barrak said .
Barrak , believed to be 77 , does not hold a government position but he is viewed by Islamists as the leading independent authority of Saudi Arabia ’s hardline version of Sunni Islam , often termed Wahhabism .
Western diplomats believe that King Abdullah ’s push for reforms is resisted by a mainly older generation of clerics who still control the religious establishment .
The monarch dismissed a cleric from a top council of religious scholars in October after he demanded that religious scholars vet the curriculum at a new flagship mixed - gender university .
The kingdom , a major U.S. ally , is ruled by the Al Saud family in alliance with clerics from the strict Wahhabi school of Islam who oversee mosques , the judiciary and vast parts of education , and run a religious police body .
The Saudi government pays a morals police squad that roams streets and shopping malls to make sure unrelated men and women are kept apart , that women are covered from head to toe and search for alcohol and drugs under the kingdom ’s austere interpretation of Islam .
In 2008 , Barrak issued a fatwa that two Saudi writers should be tried for apostasy for their “ heretical articles ” and put to death if they did not repent after the two wrote articles that questioned the Sunni Muslim view in Saudi Arabia that Christians and Jews should be considered unbelievers .
He has also denounced Shi’ite Muslims as “ infidels ” in another edict that coincided with sectarian tensions in Iraq .
Phillies general manager Ruben Amaro flatly denied that the internal discussions have taken place .
" Lies , " he said .
" That 's a lie .
I do n't know who you 're talking to , but that 's a lie . "
The talk may well echo , in the end , another blockbuster deal that was discussed but never consummated many years ago : Executives of the Red Sox and Yankees once famously discussed a trade of Ted Williams for Joe DiMaggio .
The logic for a Howard for Pujols swap , as discussed within the Phillies ' organization , could fall along these lines : Pujols , 30 years old , is eligible for free agency after the 2011 season , and early conversations about a contract extension have not led to any long - term deal .
The expectation within baseball is that Pujols may ask for a deal that would rival , in annual value , the record - setting 10 - year , $ 275 million deal that Alex Rodriguez negotiated with the Yankees in fall 2007 .
If the Cardinals were to decide , at any point , that they could not afford to sign Pujols , they could consider dealing him , in the way the Toronto Blue Jays traded Roy Halladay , or the Minnesota Twins traded Johan Santana .
And Howard , who is just a couple of months older than Pujols , would not be a bad alternative .
In the past four seasons , Howard has hit 198 homers and accumulated 572 RBIs , and has finished in the top five of the NL MVP race .
Here 's the public relations kicker : Howard was born in St. Louis , and is regarded as a hometown kid in that city .
Howard is under contract for each of the next two seasons as well -- for $ 19 million in 2010 and $ 20 million in 2011 -- as part of a three - year deal he signed last year .
He would be more expensive than Pujols in each of the next two seasons , but on the other hand , he probably will not be as expensive to sign as Pujols in his next contract .
Pujols is a right - handed hitter who would help to balance a Philadelphia lineup that has been very left - handed , and he is regarded as a superior first baseman , as well as being the best hitter in the sport .
Pat Gillick , who preceded Amaro as general manager and is currently serving as an adviser , knows something about making out - of - the - box blockbusters .
Twenty years ago , as general manager of the Blue Jays , he stunned the baseball world by trading stars Tony Fernandez and Fred McGriff to the San Diego Padres for Joe Carter and Roberto Alomar .
Buster Olney is a senior writer at ESPN The Magazine .
For his part , Mr Netanyahu appeared to be attempting to drive a wedge between Congress and the White House .
He delivered an uncompromising speech to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , declaring that Jerusalem was not a settlement , and then went to Capitol Hill to try to shift the focus on to the Iranian threat .
Barbara McClintock is a famous scientist in genetic research for her pioneering works in the field of cytogenetics .
She was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology and Medicine in 1983 for discovering “ mobile genetic elements ” in maize chromosomes .
McClintock is among the few women scientists who excelled in scientific research despite of gender discriminations in their generation .
McClintock is a woman of independence , excellence , hard work , and patience .
This article provides a summary of the colorful and meaningful life of Barbara McClintock , famous scientist in genetic research .
Personal Life
Barbara McClintock was born on June 16 , 1902 in Hartford , Connecticut .
She was the 3rd of 4 children of physician Thomas Henry McClintock and Sara Handy McClintock .
She was described as solitary and independent child .
She lived with her uncle and aunt in Brooklyn , New York beginning at the age of three and until she started school .
She was sent to her relatives to ease the financial burdens of her parents .
She is closer to her father than to her mother , of whom she had difficult relationship .
When she finished high school , she wanted to continue her studies at Cornell University but her mother resisted the idea thinking that higher education would make her “ unmarriageable ” and their family also had financial problems .
With the intervention of her father , she entered Cornell University in 1919 .
McClintock never married and had children .
She dedicated her life to genetic research .
She died on September 2 , 1992 at the age of 90 in Huntington , New York , USA .
Education
Secondary education from Erasmus Hall High School , Brooklyn , New York
B.S. Cornell University , Ithaca , New York , 1923
M.A. Cornell University , Ithaca , New York , 1925
Ph.D. Cornell University , Ithaca , New York , 1927
Positions Held
1927 -1931 : Instructor in botany , Cornell University
1931 - 1933 : Fellow , National Research Council
1933 -1934 : Fellow , Guggenheim Foundation
1934 -1936 : Research Associate , Cornell University
1936 - 1941 : Assistant Professor , University of Missouri , Columbia , Missouri
1942 -1967 : Staff Member , Carnegie Institution of Washington , Cold Spring Harbor , New York
1967 -1992 : Distinguished Service Member , Carnegie Institution of Washington , Cold Spring Harbor , New York
1954 : Visiting Professor , California Institute of Technology
1965 - 1974 : Andrew D. White Professor - at - Large , Cornell University , 1965 - 1974
[ ad #co - 1 ]
Important Contributions to Genetic Research
In Cornell University , McClintock research has focused on the cytogenetics of maize .
She developed ways to characterize and visualize the ten chromosomes of maize , which include a staining technique using carmine dye to study chromosomal morphology .
She was the first scientist to show the morphology of maize chromosomes and also the first one to link a specific chromosome to a group of traits inherited together in the plant .
In 1931 , McClintock became the first scientist to describe the cross-shaped interaction of homologous chromosomes during meiosis .
She and her graduate student , Harriet Creighton , were able to prove the connection between chromosomal crossover during meiosis and recombination of genetic traits .
They learned that genetic recombination through chromosome crossover results in the inheritance of new traits or phenotypes .
McClintock was again the first scientist to publish a genetic map for maize in 1931 .
The genetic map shows the order of three genes in chromosome 9 .
In 1938 , she described the function and structure of the centromere .
When she moved at the University of Missouri , she observed that x-ray increases the rate of mutation by causing damage to the chromosomes .
Using a microscope , McClintock observed that the ends of a single chromosome fused together to form a ring after radiation damage .
She hypothesized that there is a structure at the tip of every chromosome that ensure stability .
Later on , other scientists have found that the structure earlier described by McClintock was actually the telomere which functions in maintaining chromosomal stability .
When she worked as researcher at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in 1944 , she produced a karyotype of Neurospora crassa , an important model organism for genetics .
The fungus was first used to study one gene - one enzyme relationship .
While at Cold Spring , McClintock also began studying the mosaic color patterns of maize seed and the unstable inheritance of this trait .
She identified two new dominant and interacting genetic loci , the Dissociator ( Ds ) and Activator ( Ac ) .
She observed that Ds can cause chromosome breakage and can affect neighboring genes in the presence of Ac .
She was surprised when she found out that the Ds and Ac could change position within the chromosome by transposition .
According to McClintock , the genetic transposition in maize chromosome changes the patterns of corn kernel coloration over generations of controlled crosses .
She called the Ds and Ac loci as “ controlling elements ” because they work together to control or regulate the expression of other genes in the chromosome .
She added that the “ controlling elements ” would explain why multicellular organisms made up of cells with identical genome have cells with different functions .
After McClintock published her work in 1953 , she received a lot of criticisms from her contemporaries .
The concept of “ controlling elements ” was hardly understood by other scientists .
One big reason why McClintock idea had not received great support from other scientists is because it contradicts the mainstream knowledge that the genome is a “ static set of instructions passed between generations . ”
McClintock stopped publishing her works on transposable or mobile genes because she felt that she is alienating the scientific mainstream .
Her discovery was rediscovered in 1961 by two scientists who studied the genetic regulation of lac operon in bacteria .
McClintock ’s discovery on the “ controlling elements ” ( Ac & Dc ) is similar to the concept of lac operon .
McClintock ’s early discovery on genetic transposition have been validated by succeeding researches .
Later on , the mobile genetic elements ( Ac and Ds ) were named “ transposons ” .
Many people began to realize the importance of McClintock ’s discovery in genetics as well as in other biological disciplines such as evolution and developmental biology .
She then received various recognitions and awards from different institutions and universities around the world .
Awards and Recognitions
The most notable award received by Dr. McClintock was the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1983 for her discovery of “ mobile genetic elements ” ( also known as “ jumping genes ” ) in maize chromosomes .
She received the award 30 years after she published her findings on the transposable genes in maize .
Other awards and recognitions to Dr. McClintock are the following :
12 Honorary Doctorates in Science from 1947 to 1983
1 Honorary Doctorate in Humane Letters from Georgetown University 1981
1947 : Achievement Award , Association of University Women
1957 : Merit Award , Botanical Society of America
1970 : National Medal of Science
1980 : Salute from the Genetics Society of America
1981 : Thomas Hunt Morgan Medal .
Genetics Society of America
1981 : Honorary Member , The Society of Developmental Biology
1981 : MacArthur Prize Fellow Laureate
Others
McClintock was also depicted in a commemorative postage stamp released by the United States Postal Service on 2005 .
Buildings in Cornell University and Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory bear her name .
Other Famous Scientists in Genetic Research
[ ad #afterpost ]
References
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan —
A tour of the United States arranged by the State Department to improve ties to Pakistani legislators ended in a public relations fiasco when the members of the group refused to submit to extra airport screening in Washington , and they are now being hailed as heroes on their return home .
“ People should be thankful , you made them so proud , ” said Hamid Mir , the host of a popular national talk show , during an interview in his studio on Tuesday with four of the six politicians , who railed against the security precautions at Ronald Reagan National Airport .
Meetings with the Obama administration ’s top policy makers on Pakistan , including the president ’s special representative , Richard C. Holbrooke , and visits to the Pentagon and the National Security Council , did not allay the anger the politicians said they felt at being asked to submit to a secondary screening on Sunday before boarding a flight to New Orleans .
They declined to be screened and did not board the flight .
Pakistan is one of 14 mostly Muslim countries whose citizens must go through increased checks before they fly into the United States , a procedure mandated by the Obama administration in the wake of the failed attempt by a Nigerian man to blow up an airliner flying from the Netherlands to Detroit on Dec. 25 .
Illegal downloads continue to be a cause of Armageddon within the music industry and a source of endless fascination outside .
Business leaders still regularly moan that illegal downloads are destroying their livelihood , especially if representatives of government are within hearing range .
At the first Music 4.5 conference in London last week , speakers took it as read that " kids are not buying music anymore " and that they must look elsewhere for revenues .
Evidence of the demise of purchased music is everywhere to be seen , except for one place : the statistics .
In fact it is easier to make the case that the music industry , far from imploding , is one of the great success stories of the recession .
The most dramatic example of this is in what kids are supposed not to be buying any more : single tracks .
Last year sales of singles soared to an all - time record of 152.7 m units , an astonishing 33 % rise in a year when the whole economy ( GDP ) contracted by 3.3 % .
If the music pundits seriously think that these are not being bought by kids , then it shows how out of touch they are with their customers .
These same youngsters who were – and probably still are – massively downloading free music from the internet were prepared to pay up to £ 3 a pop for an insipid ringtone ( interestingly , not included on the industry 's statistics unless they are full - track ones ) .
Why ?
Because there is an easy payment system on phones which did n't exist on the web .
Now there is an easy payment system ( iTunes et al ) on the web they are starting to pay again .
If the big music companies had spent their energies dreaming up a payments mechanism for web downloads instead of suing their customers they could have swept all before them .
Instead they were like the crew of a sinking boat that blames the sea instead of trying to mend the leak .
If they were in the bottled water industry , they would probably be urging the government to stop free downloads of tap water at home as unfair competition .
Yet the bottled water industry should have been their model .
It got away with charging us lots of money for a product that was no better than free tapwater through clever marketing .
Even now practically everyone I meet from the music industry protests that it could n't be expected to combat the technological disruption that was eroding its traditional model .
What piffle .
Lots of books have been written about disruptive technologies .
They can't say they were n't warned .
As it turned out , pretty well every system for monetising music – iTunes , Spotify , We7 , Shazam , Nokia 's Comes with Music et al – has come from outside the industry .
What a missed opportunity .
Sales of singles are , of course , only one part of the industry .
There has , unsurprisingly , been a fall in sales of albums – down from 133.6 m units to 128.9 m last year , not helped by the closure of key UK retail chains Zavvi and Woolworths – but that was more than offset by growth elsewhere in sponsorship , live shows and merchandising where there is something of a boom happening in Britain .
Overall , the music industry grew by an amazing 4.7 % in recession - ridden 2008 , according to PRS for Music , and will probably be resilient when the full 2009 figures come in .
A key fact is that last year income from live music overtook that from recorded music for the first time .
Do n't think tracks , think music .
Clearly , the industry is changing .
Consumers can now buy the singles they want without being locked into buying albums containing other tracks they do n't want .
That may bring in less income but it is the gateway to other revenues .
The people who allegedly wo n't pay for downloads will pay huge sums to hear their favourite artists live or be part of the merchandising experience .
Maybe illegal downloads – which , needless to say , I do n't approve of – should be looked on as a massive crowd - sourced marketing operation to generate money for gigs , memorabilia and future sales .
The future lies in capitalising on the whole musical experience , as the admirable Music 4.5 initiative well knows : it seeks to bring together artists and entrepreneurs to plot the future .
If the quality of the five - minute pitches made at the conference by budding businesses is anything to go by , the future is bright .
I loved the way Songkick.com is moving beyond Last.fm by linking songs you and your friends like with information about the band 's past and present gigs , enabling you to talk about them after the show .
MusicGlue offers free downloads in exchange for email addresses which , over time , will produce geographic patterns showing where there is a dense enough cluster of fans to justify a gig .
CloseCallMusic encourages people to interact with live music as it happens , while TuneRights is trying to crowd - source the financing of records .
Audiofuel , which matches music to your jogging beat , aims to be the new Ministry of Sound .
I loved what Decibel is planning – to have a vast data base of meta tags so you can find out details of each member of the band : that Jimi Hendrix played as a session man on a Little Richard track , for instance .
That is just the sort of value - added that will lure people away from free downloads .
Nick Hornby would love it .
These were only some of the pitches made which suggest that the future of the industry may continue to reside in bottom - up initiatives rather than the top - down approach of the major labels .
The music industry , to be fair , is still a very heavy investor as a new study shows , but it had better be alert if it does n't want to be upstaged even more .
The sad fact is that around 90 % of start - ups fail – but it is vital for future employment , as well as the health of the music industry that we spend money to find the winners .
A revolution is under way .
March 15th , 2010
Stress has a stronghold on many aspects of people ’s lives in today ’s society .
Stress can impact us negatively and causes health problems , work tension , physical pain and it highly impacts our ability to think rationally and make decisions .
Stress often puts our minds into a state that seem inescapable and negative stress tends to create a focus on that element which then causes other cascaded effects that spiral into more negative actions such as self doubt , frustration , anger , loss of confidence and unhappiness .
Negative stress along with these results often cascades even deeper where it is very hard to break clear from and so the best way to handle stress is to know about it and know what to do to handle it and eliminate the negative stress in your life .
I ’ve learned a lot about stress in my own life and in helping others handle significant stress .
I ’ve learned to use stress in the best way possible and I can access stress as a critical learning tool for personal development .
I no longer let stress impact my hope , attitude or faith .
I use those together to manage stress and have learned a number of ways to handle , manage and change stress to be useful for self - improvement .
1. Awareness Of and Recognizing Stress
This is the first and most important point of handling stress , you must first be able to recognize it .
Being aware that stresses exist and watching for it is best way to be able to handle it and use other tips to then handle it effectively .
If you do n’t recognize stress until it already has its grips on you and its impact already affecting your decisions , its much harder to manage it then .
Look for the various ways you can be more aware of stress even if you do n’t know the cause of the stress itself .
This can be down by watching for stresses and for having others recognize it in you as well .
Perhaps you experience some of these behavior stress symptoms :
irritable behavior and frustration
reduced exercise or active living
increased food ( especially junk food ) consumption
hard to focus or make decisions
trouble sleeping or restlessness
moody or emotional outbursts
negative or depressed attitude
Other Physical Signs of stress that are common are :
Muscle tension or pain
Stomach / abdominal pain
rashes or skin irritation
shortness of breath or irregular breathing
sweating or cold spells
2. Identify Stress When
It is Negative
All the signs of stress above can help you to identify stress when you may not know the source of it without further analysis .
This is where this step comes in and its important to identify what stresses are positive and which ones are negative .
The body reacts to different stresses and these chemicals tend to either a fear response or relaxing and enjoyable response .
Negative stresses are your body ’s way to instinctively handle danger and so the release of adrenaline is typical to increase your senses and provide a heightened awareness and anxiousness to get out of the situation .
Positive stresses typically release serotonin , endorphins or dopamine and these can relax you and help you feel enjoyment from the experience .
This enjoyment usually helps us to complete that activity , feel good about it and often engage in it again .
This happens in personal development , in a job well done or in physical activity since the body releases positive stress chemicals that ‘ makes ’ us like it .
Excessive stress of either type can be dangerous but at the same time , some of both are needed to have any kind of drive or motivation to change , grow or contribute .
None of those can happen without some stress stress to inspire / encourage us to do them .
So , the stress that is negative is a result of something that you are fearful of and often completely out of your control .
You can opt for an Online Pharmacy if needed .
Uncontrollable stress that eats away at a person is dangerous as it can be very hard to eliminate as often the beliefs that create the stress are the same beliefs that are emphasized by the same stress itself so it often strengthens even further .
Stress that is caused by past events is nearly always negative stress as it is a case where a person dwells on or second guesses a past decision and ca n’t move past it .
The scenarios that did n’t occur are played out over and over in their mind as being better than the decision that was made and is too late to change so this brings on more and more stress .
These are just a couple of examples of negative stresses .
Its these habits and beliefs that create negative results from negative stresses that need to be changed .
Identifying and changing your reaction to be more positive and hopeful can prevent negative stress from taking a further grip .
The whole point of stress ( from an instinctive point of view ) is to alert you to danger so that you can react accordingly and get away from it .
If that danger is in your habitual negative response , the body will simply continue to alert you to that with more and more stress .
You can also try Musk oil .
3. Change Stress Into Positive Hope
The differences between positive and negative stress in the body are subtle .
The chemicals released vary somewhat but that quickly changes in how we respond to the event as well .
It is possible to change the stress by controlling the response we have from a negative stress to a more positive one .
If we are hopeful with any stresses towards making the situation better and we do not dwell on the past , the stress can be something that drives you to change the situation and improve it .
Most stresses have two sides to them as well ( the old famous is the glass half full or empty ) and depending on what you see from the stress , this often drives you forward to improve it or to dwell on it and spiral down as a result .
Having hope that whatever causes the stress will reside is the best way to ensure you keep looking at the positive outcomes and opportunities from stress .
What are the current stress in your life ?
What good can come of it and how can you use and learn from that to improve yourself , your life or that of others ?
4. Learn From Failures , Do n’t Dwell on Them
Just as I stated with the outlook of hope , you can keep a mindset to learn from failures that may have triggered or resulted in the stressful circumstances .
You must look at what you benefit there is .
This is hard to recognize when our emotions are still stressed but it ’s still a great method to not let stress take control of us .
Since you will never eliminate stress and you will certainly never get rid of stress that has already occurred , you might as well make the most of it and learn from it .
If what you learn can be shared with others to help them avoid a similar stress , then you can move past it even easier and make it a positive event in your life .
5. Talk Your Way Through Stress
Some people do deal with stress better than others but we all deal with it better when we have support and love from others when in stressful situations .
Talk about your stress and situations that cause it whenever you can with friends , loved ones or even colleagues .
Find someone you can trust not to be judgmental or add more pressure .
Expressing some of feelings may not change the immediate situation but it always relieves some of the tension to share it with someone else .
6. Take Action to Relax and Relieve the Stress
Most stress results in us feeling like we cannot control the situation and this is most often due to overload and excess pressure .
To relieve stress you have to take charge of more influences on you and get away from some of those influences and make time for things that you need to calm your body and mind .
Making time for yourself , your hobbies , family , spirituality , solitude , exercise and other enjoyable activities will all help to relieve tension and make the stress much more manageable .
You can take action on others tips in this article as well to handle the stress and of course any other methods you have to handle stress , the things that matters , is that you need to take action to manage the stress instead of just letting it build while you keep doing the same thing .
If you learn to take immediate action at the first signs of stress you can prevent it from ever building beyond your control and keep your frame of mind to make the most of the stress and use it to your advantage .
7. Ask For Help
Perhaps you just do n’t know how to manage stress or these tips do n’t work for you once you are under under tension .
This is fairly typical since you lose your ability to rationalize and make decisions when under stress and so if that is the case , you need to ask others for help who are not impacted in the same way as you .
If they are not stressed by the situation , they can easily guide you and help you with any of these tips that you just may not have the strength to battle on your own .
8. Change Your Activities That Cause Negative Stress
The activities we engage in are largely in our control and so we can change our activities to eliminate stress or handle it better .
We need to know what situations to avoid or when to engage or disengage from something that will pressure us in a negative way we cannot handle .
The best time to do this is when you are NOT under stress as you will be able to make better decisions and see the big picture of what is worthwhile and if any stress can be used to your advantage or not .
Analyze your activities and if you are looking to avoid stress that reoccurs in your life , you have to make some changes to your activities if you expect the results of them to change .
9. Change your Beliefs About Stress
And finally , this tip is the the one area I feel has the biggest impact on stress .
Your beliefs .
Beliefs about stress drastically change how you react and what emotions are triggered by stress .
If you believe that stress cannot be managed and that it is always negative , then you will typically react that way the emotions you will allow to surface will reinforce this and typically give you that exact result , a very negative experience .
On the other hand however , if you belief that stress is something to use as tool to learn from , improve yourself and to use a guide to make your activities the most effective and enjoyable , you can much more easily recognize stress and use it to your advantage by looking for stress that can help you in that journey and to quickly react to improve your situation .
Doing this , turns stress into positive experiences and you can live much more in the moment and with hope instead of dwelling on problems and being stuck in the past .
Beliefs can be changed by changing your knowledge of a subject but they typically require some reinforcement as well .
Take these tips and think about how you can apply them to easily manage stress in your life .
Read about people and autobiographies where individuals have overcome tremendous stress in life and made the most of it , to surpass great hurdles , terrible circumstances and massive challenges simply by changing their beliefs and have the inspiration and drive to most past them .
You can do the same with stress and turn it into a tool that only makes you stronger and guided in a way that improves your life more and more .
I hope these tips encourage you to improve the way you manage your stress and that you can eliminate negative stress and make it all positive in some way .
While you can never completely eliminate all negative stress , you can learn to quickly change it and make the most of it !
Prev : Bring
On the Passion !
Next : Book Review : The Other 8 Hours
Daily Headlines PLAN TO CUT SENTENCES FOR NONVIOLENT OFFENDERS COULD SAVE TAXPAYERS MILLIONS ( Source : Greenville News )
More News Select a State See Map Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia FEDERAL Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Check State Laws
Share This Article
South Carolina
-------
State taxpayers spend millions each year to lock up prisoners for probation violations , driving under suspension and other nonviolent offenses -- and the costs are expected to swell by hundreds of millions if nothing is done .
Prison admissions have grown 26 percent in a decade with a large chunk coming not from murderers , rapists and other violent criminals but lower - level offenders .
Forty - nine percent of the state 's inmates are imprisoned for nonviolent offenses , mostly drug and property crimes .
Forty - four percent of new inmates have sentences of less than 18 months .
[ Read More ] Share This Article
Pubdate : Mon , 22 Feb 2010
Source : Greenville News ( SC )
Copyright : 2010 The Greenville News
Contact : letters@greenvillenews.com
Website : http://greenvillenews.com/
Details : http://www.mapinc.org/media/877
Author : Paul Alongi , Staff writer
Apple Inc.'s agreement with iPhone developers contains several " troubling " clauses that paint the company as a " jealous and arbitrary feudal lord , " the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) said yesterday .
The nonprofit digital rights advocacy group on Tuesday published a January 2010 version of the iPhone Developer License Agreement obtained from NASA through a Freedom of Information Act request .
" It 's only because Apple still ' owns ' the customer , long after each iPhone ( and soon , iPad ) is sold , that it is able to push these contractual terms on the entire universe of software developers for the platform , " said Fred von Lohmann , an EFF senior staff attorney , in a message on the organization 's site that accompanied the license .
The EFF has criticized Apple before for the strict control it maintains over the iPhone 's hardware and the software it allows on the smartphone .
Last year , for example , the group blasted Apple for claiming that " jailbreaking " an iPhone was illegal .
The term jailbreaking refers to modifying an iPhone so that unauthorized software can be installed .
The EFF has asked the U.S. Copyright Office to rule that installing non-Apple software on an iPhone is not a violation of copyright laws ; Apple has asked the agency to deny the request .
Apple can call the shots , including inserting " troubling " sections in the developer license , because of its control over all aspects of the iPhone -- and the soon - to - be - released iPad , which will use the same software distribution model -- said von Lohmann .
The EFF questioned a number of the sections in the agreement , starting with the secrecy Apple demands of developers .
The contract prohibits " public statements regarding this Agreement , its terms and conditions , or the relationship of the parties without Apple 's express prior written approval , which may be withheld at Apple 's discretion . "
Von Lohmann called that clause " particularly strange " because the license agreement itself is not confidential as defined by Apple .
" So the terms are not confidential , but developers are contractually forbidden from speaking ' publicly ' about them , " he said .
The license also bars developers from distributing software created with the iPhone SDK , or software developer kit , via any avenue other than the App Store ; bans them from jailbreaking an iPhone or helping others do so ; and lets Apple yank a program from the App Store at any time .
" Apple may cease distribution of Your Licensed Application (s ) and / or Licensed Application Information or revoke the digital certificate of any of Your Applications at any time , " the agreement states .
Apple also can be as arbitrary as it wants in deciding what goes into the App Store , a charge developers have leveled at the company .
" Apple may , in its sole discretion ... reject Your Application for distribution for any reason , even if Your Application meets the Documentation and Program Requirements , " reads the contract .
" If Apple 's mobile devices are the future of computing , you can expect that future to be one with more limits on innovation and competition than the PC era that came before , " von Lohmann argued .
" If Apple wants to be a real leader , it should be fostering innovation and competition , rather than acting as a jealous and arbitrary feudal lord .
Developers should demand better terms , and customers who love their iPhones should back them . "
Apple did not respond to a request for comment late Tuesday .
The license agreement can be downloaded from the EFF Web site ( download PDF ) .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
THE FREUD SCENARIO By Jean - Paul Sartre .
Edited by J.-B. Pontalis .
Translated by Quintin Hoare . 549 pp. Illinois : The University of Chicago Press . $ 24.95 .
JEAN - PAUL SARTRE liked going to the movies because it was an unstuffy , proletarian thing to do , but when it came to writing for the movies he showed himself as intellectually lordly as ever and produced a scenario that was quite brilliantly unmakable .
Asked in 1958 to do a script about Freud by the director John Huston , Sartre wrote a synopsis of some 95 typed pages ; this Mr. Huston accepted , and Sartre went to work ( or to town ) on a shooting script .
Like the synopsis , it was on the long side ; had it been shot it would have worked out at some seven hours of screen time , and seven unusually exhausting hours for simple moviegoers , untrained for the fiercely cerebral and ambiguous story Sartre had to tell .
He was asked to chop and to change this first version , which he did with his usual freedom , with the result that the revamped version was longer still .
He and Mr. Huston could anyway not get on together , and by the time a film was finally made Sartre had moved on ; he asked not to be credited , even though it seems that '' Freud , '' the second - rate outcome of their doomed collaboration , still showed faint signs of his boisterous work on the script .
Why on earth , one wonders , did Mr. Huston go to Sartre in the first place ?
Sartre had written for the stage , but he had also written '' Being and Nothingness ' ' and '' The Critique of Dialectical Reason ' ' and there was a fair chance that any movie script by him would be too philosophical and too long for any known audience .
What is more , Sartre was notoriously cool toward Freud and a great disbeliever in the unconscious , which he thought could at best be a misnomer for what we do n't understand about ourselves .
He had offered his own so - called existential psychoanalysis as an improvement on the Freudian kind , as truer , less Procrustean and more individualized , seeking to identify in every case history the fundamental and all - explaining '' project ' ' of a unique human life .
As it stands , however , '' The Freud Scenario ' ' is not especially hostile to Freud , if it is not so very flattering to him either .
It follows the cardinal 10 years or so when he slowly realized his distinctive purpose and method in psychotherapy ; and understanding one 's purpose is a Sartrean theme .
Here Freud is making himself or finding out what his determining project is , and that means primarily freeing himself from the influence of others .
So two great dramas are afoot simultaneously , and Sartre treats both consummately .
In one , the still tentative Freud is liberated from the coercive presence of such colleagues as Theodor Meynert , Josef Breuer and the tough guy Wilhelm Fliess , whom Sartre makes quite devilish ; in the second , a number of variously unhappy female hysterics are treated or resoundingly healed by the evolving Freudian method .
By the end Freud is Freud , now in his early 40's , autonomous but also alone , godless and fatherless , an existentialist hero .
Despite a historic shutdown of coastal salmon fishing , the number of salmon returning to the Sacramento River is collapsing , according to preliminary data released by the Pacific Fishery Management Council .
Returning fall Chinook salmon numbers have dropped to their lowest level since monitoring began in the 1970s , the report said .
The finding means it is unlikely that fishing will resume this year , disappointing fishermen who have eked out the last two years on disaster aid , waiting for salmon fishing bans to be lifted .
“ Almost certainly this will be another year of total closure , ” said Glen Spain , Northwest regional director of the Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen ’s Assns .
As recently as eight years ago , the fall Chinook salmon run into the Sacramento River , the backbone of the state ’s ocean salmon stocks , numbered nearly 800,000 .
But as return numbers dropped more than tenfold , fisheries managers took the unprecedented step of canceling two salmon seasons along the California coast .
They hoped this would help the fish recover .
Instead , the new counts indicate that last fall ’s return dropped nearly 40 % from the previous fall’s .
Only 39,500 salmon were counted returning to the Sacramento , a “ severe crisis ” level , said Dan Wolford , vice chairman of the council , which will make its decision on the fishing season in April .
Scientists had predicted that three times as many salmon would return .
“ Oh , my God ! ” said Jim Hie , a member of the council ’s salmon advisory panel .
“ It ’s the worst in history .
We have just seen the whole thing tumble . ”
The cumulative impact of factors such as less resilient fish , drought , freshwater habitat loss in the ailing Sacramento Delta and more variable ocean conditions is putting salmon populations at risk , said Steve Lindley , research ecologist for the National Marine Fisheries Service .
Wolford said that three years ago , low salmon numbers had been blamed on poor ocean conditions but that those conditions had since improved .
So this year ’s poor salmon numbers are likely to renew concerns about water draws from the delta , he said .
The issue of such draws has pitted fisheries advocates against agricultural interests and has bloomed in recent years into what Wolford called a “ classic water war . ”
The salmon report noted a few bright spots in the otherwise grim news :
The number of younger adult salmon , called “ jacks , ” increased somewhat , though it remained far below historic averages .
Also , the report noted a greater number of salmon returning to spawn in the Klamath - Trinity river system .
There were 44,500 in the fall , exceeding objectives , the report said .
Still , the crashing Sacramento River salmon population is suggesting to some observers that what once was the state ’s biggest salmon run has reached a turning point .
“ These are at extinction levels , ” Spain said .
“ These are not even enough fish coming back to replace this generation . ”
jill.leovy@latimes.com
Scribd will begin operating the SlideShare business on December 1 , 2020 As of this date , Scribd will manage your SlideShare account and any content you may have on SlideShare , and Scribd 's General Terms of Use and Privacy Policy will apply .
If you wish to opt out , please close your SlideShare account .
Learn more .
Russian World champion powerlifter Anna Turaeva , 42 ( pictured left with her dog , right in the gym and top - inset in a park ) has spoken of her horror after airport security asked her to prove she was a women after they saw her gender listed on her passport .
She said she was initially barred from flying with Russian airline Utair from St Petersburg to her home city Krasnodar via Moscow , because the security staff believed her to be a man .
She said that after calmly explaining to the officials , she was eventually permitted to board , but has since struck out at the airline for how they treated her .
The sportswoman has a string of records and medals representing her country , and is one of Russia 's most famous powerlifters .
I had the opportunity to help out the Perl : : Staff at this years CeBIT .
There was lots of interest in Perl , and we had lots of talks with people about what they are using Perl for , and how to bring the community and the companies using Perl closer together .
This is quite a long post so I ’ll put it behind the jump .
( This article is written in English , since it probably applies to a larger audience than only the German Perl community . )
For quite a long time I have thought that large parts of the German Perl user base were “ unhealthily ” discoupled from the ( mostly ) international core community .
By core I mean CPAN , the Perl IRC network , mailing lists , and wherever else all the cool , new and edgy stuff happens .
I also for a long time had no idea on how to fix this ( and probably still have n’t ) .
So I foremost have to thank the Perl : : Staff for having me there , Renée for getting me there in the first place , and the CeBIT as a whole for giving me many new insights into the community / industry gap .
What we were doing
You probably already read elsewhere about where the priorities where in promoting Perl at this years CeBIT .
We wanted to show that Perl exists , that it is still alive , and that there are new things being developed all the time .
We also wanted to learn about companies ’ thoughts about Perl itself , the community , and the usage of Perl in the industry .
The Perl: : Staff team itself was a very diverse mixture of people , which I think played out very advantageous for the whole effort .
Many grounds were covered and I personally felt surrounded by lots of experience and know - how , this of course reflected upon the discussions , which often were quite in - depth and all - in - all very open minded .
Fortunately the average fitness level in relation to such events was higher than mine .
I only managed to “ work the floors ” 7 hours for 3 days .
Big kudos to all the others that managed to stay longer , and a big thanks to anyone in the community who does something like this voluntarily , since it is harder than one might imagine .
For me , it was the first event of this kind .
I ’ve only managed to get myself to a single YAPC , and the last time I worked at a convention stand was many years ago and with company backing .
It was also my first CeBIT , so I was n’t sure what to expect .
Lucky for me , there was n’t much time to be worried .
When I arrived there were already plenty of people wanting to talk Perl .
I ’d also like to thank whoever gave us that little info - shelf on ( I believe ) Thursday .
I ’m sure it saved us quite a few miles of walking if you ’d sum it up !
The Open Source corner
I thought the organization and placement of the different booths and areas in regard to Corporate and Open Source topics was very well done .
A big part of what we wanted to achieve was to bring the companies using Perl and the community closer together , so the floor plan worked out perfectly .
Since my background is to a big part middle and large - scale development ( front - and back - end ) , I enjoyed to talk to many CEOs and IT managers .
And I assume the careful interweaving of Corporate and Open Source areas had a solid part in making that possible .
“ Have You Heard Of Perl ? ”
There were much more people that knew ( and liked ! )
Perl than I expected .
There was some talk about maintainability in regard to other languages , but everybody agreed that while there are platforms that prioritize an easy learning curve and such as more important than expressiveness , it all depends on the situation and the developers using the tools .
Note that having other priorities is n’t a bad thing .
Quite the opposite , actually ; how could we evolve without accepting different viewpoints as valid ?
Many , many German companies have used or are still using Perl .
Also the ones making heavy use of Perl were quite a bit more than I expected .
The whole event felt more like a reconnection between two worlds that have been separated for years , rather than being about telling people that Perl exists .
So , many people have heard of Perl .
But only a small part knew about Modern Perl , Moose , Catalyst , DBIx : : Class or any of the other new developments .
What seems to be missing is a way to keep companies , institutions and teams informed about the larger developments in the Perl community in general , and the individual changes and progress of our most high - profile libraries .
At the moment , I see no need for a killer - application .
We have lots of killer - libraries that do an amazing job at Getting Things Done while staying flexible enough to solve exotic problems .
There ’s lots of talk happening in the social media about Perl right now .
Lots of blogging , tweeting and so on .
This is an awesome development , and has freshed up the whole idea of being part of the Perl community , throwing ideas out there to see what sticks , and solving problems as a community .
But to those that are n’t a part of the core community , this information is either not interesting , or it does n’t even reach them in the first place .
Even I do n’t have the time to read all the Changes files for modules that I use regularly , and me being up - to - date is a large part of me being able to afford food .
The new social media boom in the Perl community makes this a lot easier for me , since even if I missed a new feature in the Moose change log , I might read someone ’s blog post about it later on .
Social media is great for reaching exactly the people that are interested , and to get information to people that might be interested but do n’t know it yet .
But for it to be viable to keep a group of people informed that work as a unity , like a development team or company management , it is just spread out too thinly for many pieces of information .
Most development teams do n’t have someone whose job it is to stay updated and bring important developments , news and so on to the attention of the team as a whole .
This also means that in order for a team to learn and utilize a new feature in let ’s say Catalyst , they are dependent on at least one developer picking up on that information somewhere in the social sphere , the Changes file , the mailing list , or somewhere else inside the established channels of the Perl community .
I think the point I ’m trying to make is that we need to reach out not only to the people by using social media ( blogs , Twitter , reddit ) , but also to the more traditional forms of media that do n’t have such a wide - spread coverage , but are more easily accessible to groups ( newspapers , and probably the traditional forms of online news coverage as well ) .
Many of us ( me included ) are used to think in smaller scales .
We focus too much on what software does , and too little on what it makes possible .
We do this because when library developers talk to each other , they focus on different things than what application developers talk about .
Having something like a centralized place where the different projects could inform the community as a whole about new and exciting developments could be a huge win .
We already have the ability of the developers and the users to give us a wide picture of how they are using software , and what they are doing with the things that were implemented .
We do n’t yet have a place where these projects can speak as a group about why they made decisions , what they want to make possible , what the large - scale concepts and contexts are , or simply be able to reach out .
This would also be a great place to draw people closer to the community or individual projects .
It would also be a nice overview for people to see what Perl can actually do .
At the CeBIT , I talked a lot with people about developing complex systems in Moose , about the scalability of Catalyst and how its flexibility allows you to solve all your large - scale business needs with ease while staying maintainable , performing extremely well , and still being flexible enough to cope with all issues that you did n’t think of yet .
I got the feeling that many people have no problem with evaluating different options .
They do n’t have a problem with TIMTOWTDI .
But they want at least a nudge in a general direction so they see what they are looking for is possible , is provided , and has solutions that they can freely choose from .
We need to find a way to keep casual Perl users informed about what is happening in Perl .
Information is everything .
Where Perl is used in Germany
As expected , system administration , data processing and infrastructure / workflow solutions are still seen as Perl ’s strong points by many institutions and companies .
I was rather surprised by the fact that many CEOs and managers had a real interest in and many good things to say about Perl , Open Source , and especially the community - driven efforts .
I think that providing more high - level resources and articles about the use of Perl in companies and institutions might turn out as a win .
We do n’t have as many or as shiny killer applications as other platforms , but we certainly have the tools , the flexibility and the know - how for providing solutions to business needs and industry problems from small to enterprise - scale .
There was also a huge amount of people doing C and C++ together with Perl .
I think if we ’d had an easy to use and flexible FFI that can cover the most common needs it could really take off .
I had an idea bout using the Moose type system to create a transforming membrane - layer between C/C++ and Perl , but my knowledge about low - level languages is unfortunately less than basic .
There was also more talk about embedding Perl into other projects than I expected .
I was able to make lots of contacts with different people who were interested in giving feedback and staying in contact with the Perl community .
The general agreement also seemed to be that Perl and its corporate user base as well would greatly profit from a better awareness of Perl ’s existence , scalability and spread .
“ So , about Perl 6 … ”
Perl 6 , Rakudo and Parrot were mentioned quite often .
Most of the people I talked with already knew what Perl 6 was ( almost all of them also knew that Perl 5 wo n’t go away ) , so the question I got asked mostly was “ When will Perl 6 come out ? ”
Being pointed to Rakudo Star being on its way got a couple of people surprised , but also excited .
I also got many chances to mention Parrot to people .
I think Parrot and the flexibility it will provide are often underestimated .
And many non-Perl people only knew that Parrot was an upcoming dynamic virtual machine , but knew little or nothing about its goals or features .
Other dynamic languages
If your statistical sample consists of reddit , digg or slashdot , Perl , Python , Ruby and all the other members of the family of dynamic languages are at war .
Of course , we ’re also fighting the static languages , but that ’s a whole different kind of silly .
My experience at CeBIT was quite the opposite .
I did n’t get a chance to talk to many Ruby people .
I assume that while the Ruby community is growing , it ’s still in its early days around these parts of the world .
I did , however , get to talk to many people using Python .
Some having switched from Perl , some using both side by side , and some that never tried Perl before .
( And some coming to Perl from Python . )
And even many of those that switched away did n’t doubt that Perl still was a valid choice .
The decision to either use an existing community - supported library or build your own solution in - house is a difficult one .
Those companies going with the latter option might base their choice of platform on the availability and trainability of developers .
And currently , the public opinion favors Python as an option to ensure that you do n’t run out of manpower in that scenario .
So , the question “ How easy is it to learn Perl ? ” was asked more than once at CeBIT .
Being able to point people at learn .
perl.org was a huge help in showing people that learning Perl can is easy .
We often emphasize that we use tools like Perl : : Critic to ensure best - practices , and that this and having team - guidelines goes a long way in making software maintainable .
But to people who are n’t used to this it may seem like a big effort just to write readable code .
Yes , they think it wastes time to do it this way .
We know it does n’t .
We know that Perl ’s testing infrastructure and culture are progressed enough that you can drop a simple file using a simple module into your test folder , and you can use the full Perl testing tool chain to ensure that the policies you decided are best for your team are followed .
Combine this information with commit hooks in the repository and you have a way to ensure coding standards are upheld by your team .
And this is only a single example .
In the Perl ecosystem there are many , many small libraries that do n’t seem to do much .
But we often forget that the Perl community around CPAN has a very strong tendency of getting along .
Combining different library functionalities to achieve our goals is something we do each and every day , These libraries might not seem very interesting at first , some might even wonder what the fuzz is all about .
But they might be the single simple last wheel that is needed to allow much more complex solutions to be solved easily .
The wheel was in itself a rather boring invention .
The exciting thing was what one could do with it .
To get back on track :
In the bigger picture , friendship and respect seem to be found more often between different languages and platforms .
There was lots of excitement about Perl being a stable and reliable community effort , and maybe we could all gain a lot if we ( in this context , “ we ” means the community - driven languages like Perl , Python and Ruby ) worked together to tell our success stories , and how these community efforts can help and grow with the industry .
PR Ideas
There were some ideas floating around the Perl stand about what other kind of information one could present at an event like this .
The stuff we had this time was already really awesome .
It was simple , elegant , concise , funny , and brought the point across very well .
It also did a great job at covering a big part of what one could tell people about Perl .
Some ideas that came up ( not by me ) were having a map of the Perl Monger groups ( which some people did n’t know about yet ) , or a simply poster listing all Perl modules names on CPAN .
20.000 seems a lot to us , since we know what traffic and work is going through CPAN each day .
But for someone on the outside it is often hard to visualize the quantity of know - how that is archived in there .
Other things I could think of were expanding on this years postcard - sized PR material .
Like diagrams showing the CPAN infrastructure , the tool chains , or the different solutions for common problems ( like testing ) could very well fit on a single post -card .
I could also imagine people being interested in brochures about all the different ways of doing testing in Perl , about using Moose for doing object orientation and what MooseX modules the community favors most , about what Catalyst allows you to do and what extensions exist to cater to a wide range of needs .
The cards we had that listed the Perl events got people really interested as well .
I think quite a few people were surprised by how active the Perl community is .
I could imagine a brochure being only concerned about “ Social Perl ” covering things like the Perl Mongers , the conferences , the CPAN Testers project , the mailing lists , how to become a CPAN author and so on being a good idea .
Especially at business - oriented conferences , since the information we gave out might very well be carried into many offices next week .
To Wrap Up
This was a very exciting event , it was much harder than I expected .
We had a huge success , and Perl is still a strong player in the field .
I certainly hope to be able to help out again soon .
Although next time I ’ll start jogging a couple weeks before the event .
IT'S OBVIOUS who the early buyers of the iPad will be : the fanboys and early adopters who just have to have the latest Apple toy .
Pre-orders for the iPad have been open for a week , and already people are trying to work out how many have been sold so far .
Daniel Tello , for example , has analysed order - tracking numbers from the Apple store and concluded that around 190,000 iPads were pre-ordered in the first week .
But that does n't reveal anything about who will buy the iPad later on , or how they will use it .
Indeed , it seems
Apple itself is unsure of the answer , and is hedging its bets .
Is the iPad aimed at road warriors , who will use it in place of a MacBook or other laptop ?
That 's the implication of the iWork suite , which positions the iPad as a device you can do useful work on and consists of fully functional apps , not cut - down companion apps .
But road warriors also want grown - up features like multitasking and cameras for videoconferencing , neither of which are present .
Perhaps that is to keep the price down to make the iPad more attractive to a broader audience , who might just want a media - playback device with the ability to do a bit of e-mail , browsing and Facebook -- a bigger iPod touch , in other words .
A third , more ambitious possibility is that the iPad is Apple 's latest version of a " computer for the rest of us " just as the Macintosh was 26 years ago .
The iPad 's simple , touch - based interface could appeal to people who find existing computers too complex , or people buying a computer for the first time in the developing world .
As an interesting post on Ultimi Barbarorum observes , Apple 's plan to open lots of shops in China points in this direction .
But it 's far from clear what will happen .
Previous tablets ( such as Apple 's Newton , and Microsoft's Tablet PCs ) aimed at business users have failed .
Tablets only took off when they became media devices aimed at consumers , like the iPod touch and competing media players , and the Kindle and its many e-reader imitators .
If the road warriors do embrace the iPad , multi-tasking and cameras can easily be added to future versions .
But they are a smaller demographic than iPhone / iPod touch users , so it may be that keeping things cheap and simple to appear to a broader market makes more sense .
The biggest prize of all would be to create a new class of computer -- which was , of course , the original goal of the Macintosh .
With its windows and icons , the Mac replaced command - line computing with an easier - to - use alternative , and paved the way for the mass adoption of PCs .
But the original Mac now looks complicated next to the simple , touch - driven interfaces of the iPhone or iPod Touch .
They do n't even have a file system that is visible to the user , which is one of the main things about modern computers , including Macs , that novices find confusing .
( John Gruber has an excellent analogy for the iPad versus the Mac : he says it 's like automatic versus manual transmission in a car . )
Sceptics will scoff that the iPad looks like a toy , not a " real " computer , and that it can't do everything .
But that was what people said about the Mac .
Who ends up adopting the iPad does n't just depend on which features Apple includes and which users buy it .
It also depends on the app developers .
( Apple has just started accepting iPad apps for approval . )
There are clearly going to be a lot of games for the iPad , but will the productivity software be aimed to power users or novices ?
Will geeks buy an iPad for themselves , or will they buy one to put granny on Facebook ?
The answers will start to become apparent over the coming months .
But at the moment , nobody knows who the iPad is for -- not even Apple .
Board of Health votes to extend 11 p.m. bar closure rule
Bars , restaurants , and other businesses will have to continue closing at 11 pm .
Gatherings are still limited to 25 people or fewer .
P H I L A D E L P H I A , Oct 28 , 2000 -- There ’s no way to know if hell has frozen over , but it ’s official — pigs can fly .
An embarrassed US Airways is promising it will never again allow barnyard animals onto its flights after a 300 - pound hog accompanied 200 human passengers on a six - hour flight from Philadelphia to Seattle on Oct. 17 .
“ We can confirm that the pig traveled , and we can confirm that it will never happen again , ” US Airways spokesman David Castelveter said .
“ Let me stress that .
It will never happen again . ”
Sources familiar with the incident told the Philadelphia Daily News for Friday ’s editions that the pig ’s owners convinced the airline that the animal was a “ therapeutic companion pet , ” like a guide dog for the blind .
Owners Had Doctor ’s Note
The pig was traveling with two unidentified women , one in her 30s , the other a senior citizen .
An internal US Airways incident report said the owners claimed they had a doctor ’s note that allowed them to fly with the animal .
US Airways and Federal Aviation Administration rules allow passengers to fly with service animals .
“ According to [ the ] Philadelphia agent who talked to passenger over phone … passenger described pig as being 13 pounds , so based on this info , authorization was given , ” the report stated .
Passengers on the flight told the Daily News the pig actually weighed several hundred pounds .
Pig Goes Wild
The pig , which spent the flight in the first row of first class , went ape when the aircraft taxied into Seattle , according to the report .
It reportedly ran loose through the aircraft , squealing loudly , and even tried to enter the cockpit .
“ Many people on board the aircraft were quite upset that there was a large uncontrollable pig on board , especially those in the first - class cabin , ” the incident report stated .
The pig made it off the plane but continued to squeal in the Seattle airport .
“ Once the pig was off aircraft , another passenger had to push while the two women pulled to get it in the elevator .
The whole time , the pig was squealing so loudly everyone in the terminal heard it , ” according to the report .
FAA officials in Seattle said they were unfamiliar with the incident .
They promised to investigate .
Connection denied by Geolocation Setting .
Reason : Blocked country : [ United States ]
The connection was denied because this country is blocked in the Geolocation settings .
Please contact your administrator for assistance .
Some historians believe Vincent van Gogh suffered from bipolar disorder .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The Greek philosopher Aristotle once said " there is no great genius without a mixture of madness , " and now there is some scientific evidence that there is a link between mania and high IQ and creativity , since a study of over 700,000 subjects showed those who scored the highest grades were almost four times more likely to develop bipolar disorder in their adult lives than those scoring average grades .
People with bipolar disorder , or manic depression , suffer severe and uncontrollable mood swings from elation to depression .
During their elation ( manic ) periods they may have insomnia , restlessness , racing thoughts , and may have an over - inflated self - esteem .
In the depressed stages they may be suicidal .
Around 1 % of the population suffers from bipolar disorder .
The national cohort study was carried out by scientists from King ’s College London 's Institute of Psychiatry and the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm , Sweden .
The team , led by King ’s College senior lecturer in psychiatric epidemiology , Dr James MacCabe , studied the final exam results of all 15 - 16 - year - old pupils attending High Schools in Sweden from 1988 to 1997 , and compared them to hospital records of bipolar disorder admissions of patients between the ages of 17 and 31 .
They found those with A - grade results were almost four times more likely to be admitted for the condition than average students , even after the findings were controlled for income and education level of the parents .
The link was stronger in males than females .
They also found students with low exam grades had a greater risk of developing bipolar disorder than average pupils .
The researchers found the highest rate of bipolar disorder developed in those who excelled in the humanities , such as literature or music , which are the two subjects traditionally most associated with “ madness ” .
For example , the artist Van Gogh , poet Sylvia Plath , and writer Virginia Woolf , are widely believed to have had bipolar disorder .
The findings of a link between the disorder and academic and intellectual performance may explain the association between genius and mania that has long been thought to exist .
People with bipolar disorder who are in a manic phase can have exaggerated emotional responses and can be witty , inventive and have high cognitive capabilities .
They are also capable of sustained concentration and have high stamina , and so can achieve much more than people without the disorder .
Since low achievers , especially those poor at handicrafts and sport , also had an increased risk , the scientists suggest there are two distinct groups of people with bipolar disorder : the high achievers who are aided by their manic stages , and low achievers who have poor motor skills , which may be caused by " subtle neurodevelopmental abnormalities " .
The paper is published in the British Journal of Psychiatry 196 : 109-115 .
Explore further Bipolar disorder impacts workforce
More information : Excellent school performance at age 16 and risk of adult bipolar disorder : national cohort study , The British Journal of Psychiatry ( 2010 ) 196 : 109-115 .
Excellent school performance at age 16 and risk of adult bipolar disorder : national cohort study , ( 2010 ) 196 : 109-115 .
doi:10.1192/bjp.bp.108.060368
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
Bibliography :
1 ) “ The trial of the Templars in the Papal State and the Abruzzi ” ( Città del Vaticano , Biblioteca Apostolica Vaticana , 1992 ) 2 ) Aries , P. 1985 .
Aries , P. 1985 .
Images of Man and Death .
Harvard University Press , 271 p .
3 ) Chronicon Monasterii S. Salvatoris Venetiarum Francisci de Gratia ( 1141-1380 ) , ed. A. M. Duse , Venezia 1766 , pp. 69 - 70 .
4 ) L. Green Chronicle into History .
An Essay on the Interpretation of History in Florentine Fourteenth - Century Chronicles Cambridge 1972 .
5 ) A. Coville Documents su les Flagellants « Histoire littéraire de la Françe » 37 ( 1937 ) , pp 390-411 6 ) Tononi AG .
La Peste Dell’ Anno 1348 .
Giornale Linguistico de Archeologia , Storia e Letteratura 1884;11:139–52 .
7 ) Horrox R , editor .
The Black Death .
Manchester : Manchester University Press ; 1994 . p. 14 –26 . 8 ) Hecker JFC .
The epidemics of the Middle Ages . London : Sydenham Society ; 1844 .
9 ) R. Guarnieri , Prefazione storica , in M. Porete ,
Lo specchio delle anime semplici , traduzione di Giovanna Fozzer , prefazione storica di Romana Guarnieri , commento di Marco Vannini , Edizioni San Paolo 1994 , p. 39 .
10 ) Alfred D. Berger , “ Marijuana , ” Medical World News , July 16 , 1971 , pp. 37 - 43 ; reprinted in Marijuana Medical Papers .
11 ) B. Guenée Storia e cultura storica nell ’occidente medievale .
Bologna 1991 , pp. 255-61 . 12 ) V. Rutenburg Popolo e movimenti popolari nell ’ Italia del ’ 300 e ’ 400 , introd .
di R. Manselli , Bologna 1974 , p. 109 . 13 ) N. Biraben
Les hommes et la peste en France et dans les pays européens et méditerranéens , voll .
2 , Paris - La Haye 1975 - 76 ( Civilisations et Sociétés 35 - 36 ) , 2 , p. 69 .
14 ) Umberto da Romans ,
De eruditione praedicatorum , II , XCII , in Malato , medico e medicina nel Medioevo di J.Agrimi-C.Crisciani , Torino 1980 .
At Paris , 18 March of 1314 , on the island of the Seine in front of the Garden real , Jacques de Molay , the last Great Master of the Templars , and Geoffroy de Charny , preceptor of Normandy , were burned as heretics .
Thus finishes the history of the Knights of the Temple after two centuries .
The Templars would have been in possession of the most hidden secrets of alchemy .
They were first to use the IPERICO on burns and hurts from cut , like antiseptic , astringent , healing , and in order to improve humor of the soldiers that remained immobilized in bed for months .
The Templars created a mixture with pulp of Aloe , pulp of Hemp and wine of Palm called “ ELISIR of GERUSALEM " , with therapeutic and nourishing properties , they used the Arborescens ALOE for its antiseptic , bactericidal and fungicide actions and for its capacity to penetration in the deeper layers of the skin .
Robert Anton Wilson , in his book on the Templars , asserts that they used the hashish and practiced a shape of Arabic Tantrism ; the doctrine of enlightenment as the realization of oneness of one 's self and the visible world , combining elements of hinduism and paganism , including magical and mystical elements .
The authors of Holy Blood and Holy Grail , Baigent , Leigh and Lincoln , comment that the Templars need to treat wounds and illness , made them experts in the use of drugs and the Order in advance of their time regarded epilepsy not as demonic possession but as a controllable disease .
Interestingly , cannabis is the safest natural or synthetic medication proven successful in the treatment of forms of epilepsy .
The esoteric inheritance and the alchemical - spagyrics acquaintances were handed from the Templars to the Crocifers .
From these Orders , that one of Saint Giacomo or Jacobite managed many Hospitals during the XV century .
To the Jacobite monks , in quality of experts in the cure of the diseases of the skin , the task was entrusted to cure the wounded soldiers during the Crusades , in the Hospitals of Malta and Cyprus .
To them , in fact , was attributed the capability to create miraculous ointments .
In such historical context it must estimate the work of the Templars concluding with recognizing that they , anticipating the times , had a modern vision of the Medicine and , although were considered heretics and consigned to the fire , recently a document has been recovered in Archives Vaticans from the studious Barbara Frale that demonstrates as Pope Clemente V secretly pardoned Templars in 1314 , acquitting their Great Master from the heresy accusation .
Absolution 's parchment for Templar Leaders including Jaques de Molay by the Apostolic Commission " ad inquirendum " of the 3 papal legates Bérenger Frédol , Etienne de Suisy and Landolfo BranacciChinon , Tours diocese , 1308 august 17 - 20 .
Archivum Secretum Apostolicum Vaticanum , Archivum Arcis , Armarium D 218.15th Congress of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology , Rhodes - GreeceProf. Camillo O. Di Cicco , M.D. ( Abstract )
Originally Posted by Raiki Originally Posted by
Long ago , before the face on the water shifted , our fathers created the world we knew as best they could .
That world has moved on .
Now the great wheel has turned , and agents of the dark come again to face the white .
Here we dealt in lead , and here both sides lie in death .
We leave this land to them .
But , the fact is that we have no claim to this land , Those men that fought here took the land from us with blood and with lead .
They remembered the face of their fathers , and gave us the chance to remember also .
Our cause is in the white .
We 'll meet again in the clearing at the end of the path .
LED pendant build
I still remember in my early days of fish keeping as a teenager , walking into a LFS ( local fish store ) asking for " brighter lights " .
I was handed a couple dual 40w fluorescent fixtures for my 55g ( quite expensive too I remember ) .
I went home , installed it , and was disappointed that the light was not only not bright enough , it was lacking that ( what I now know to be referred to as ) " shimmer " .
This was before I knew of anything called metal halide .
Since then ( almost 20 years ago ) , I 've learned a lot and that " shimmer " was something I could not do without .
After experimenting with various combinations ( CF / MH VHO / MH , T5 / MH ) I finally settled on using MH ( metal halide ) solely as my only lighting in all my various setups through my on and off years of reefkeeping .
Efficiency : Low energy usage .
They use a fraction of the energy used in the most efficient form of lighting to produce the same output ( when compared to what we have available today ) .
Efficiency : Low heat production .
More energy is turned into light output than any other form of lighting currently available .
Specific spectral output .
LEDs produce very specific spectrums , allowing users to control end color easily by mixing different types of LEDs .
They also do not have spectral shifts when they age , unlike metal halides .
Longevity : For example , the LEDs used in my build will keep 70 % of output ( lumen maintenance ) within 11 years when used 12 hours a day .
This means no bulb replacement for at least 10 years !
Eco friendly :
In addition to using less energy , there are no toxic materials to add to the landfill ( unlike fluorescents and halides ) .
Small package size :
Due to the small package sizes of these light emitters , a great deal of design possibilities are now available to light fixture designers , including us reefkeepers .
I will attempt to share just one of these ideas in application in the following pages .
Heatsink :
Aluminum flat bar used for fan mount and connectors :
0.25 inch self - tapping stainless screws ( sizing is something like 3/38 thread )
This was a major source of headache for me , because I had originally found some screws at a local hardware store which worked beautifully , but could not figure out the correct scale measurements .
It would have been nice if everything was metric .
Nylon washers for " M2 " screw
Cree Royal Blue and Q4 cool white LEDs
Meanwell non-dimmable drivers
Optics .
Cooling fans
Power supplies for cooling fans
DB9 connectors male / female
Wires for LED
Any combination seems to just diminish that " shimmer " effect .
But , lighting has always been an area for which I felt aesthetically limited .
Commercial fixtures were bulky and cumbersome .
HQI units seem to come closest to my personal ideal .
However , with this type of powerful lighting also comes associated disadvantages .
Halides generate a great deal of heat , which in turn heat up the display below ( not to mention the many burns suffered from carelessness while working in the tanks ) .
This can really be problematic in hot climates , or when small water volumes are concerned .
In addition , one soon starts amassing boxes and boxes of old bulbs as years pass .
Until fairly recently , LEDs were not used in any type of real commercial applications to actually provide usable light .
The most common applications for these tiny emitters were inside computers and other devices which need some type of low power indicator lighting .
In the past ten years , advances have allowed this technology to finally be used in practical lighting applications .
LEDs have many advantages over other types of lighting : I 've always admired the clean look of Japanese spotlit tanks , but those fixtures were never available in the States as far as I know .
With the flexibility and now maturity of LEDs , I finally can make an attempt to create my ideal type of lighting .
Majority of readings were conducted out of water for baseline , since it provided for a more controllable test environment .
A few readings were then taken in my display for practical purposes .
First , some views of the first prototype : Top : Bottom : notice the absence of exposed wires .
Side : low profileClose up of optics : Some pictures taken during PAR measurments : Some in tank measurements : ( flash was used to expose the LCD display on the Quantum Meter ) FTS ( full tank shot ) with array > 4 feet from tank bottomAnd finally , the PAR measurements :
In tank measurements are not consistent I believe due to the difficulty in consistent sensor placement .
However , it does show that little if any light is lost through water of this depth .
One reading read more than when measured outside water .
After the first prototype was built and testing completed , I set out to build a few more for myself and some locals .
I realized that the first build was over - engineered in the cooling department and only half of the original heatsink was needed , so I designed the Gen2 with that in mind .
The advantage is that the pendent is half the size of the original while putting out identical output .
This time , I attempted to document some of the steps leading to the Gen2's completion .
The following is a list of items needed to build this unit:Heatsinkusa.com
The size I used for the latest build was ≈ 6 " X 8.5 " , with fins running on the longside .
I purchased some 17 " stock and cut them down to size .
I purchased these from my local HomeDepot .
I 'm sure they can be found online for less .
MCMaster .comI also purchased the aluminum channel and mounting hardware from them .
I highly recommend them .
Q5 cool whites can be used , but are more expensive .
After extensive testing , I did not find them necessary .
Since they are very slightly brighter than the Q4s when run at the same current , using the same 50/50 white / blue ratio will yield a slightly whiter look .
I must also reiterate , these " royal blues " from Cree are very different than what most may be used to when it comes to LED blue .
Most LEDs come in blues which peak at 470nm and are very low output .
These are not particularly useful for photosynthesis .
They also do not excite the pigments in corals which cause them to glow under the actinic lighting we are so accustomed to seeing .
The " royal blues " have a spectral output in the 450 - 460 nm range , and at relatively high output .
These blues are also used in horticulture LED grow lights to stimulate terrestrial plant photosynthesis .
Dimmable drivers can also be used , but I do not think manual dimming is useful ( more on that later ) .
( Driven at 700 mA ) I experimented with 40˚ , 60˚ , and 80˚ optics and settled on using 40 ˚ optics for my application .
These are one of the most important aspects and variables in LED reef lighting ( more on that later ) .
LEDsupply RapidledBoth of which I 've had good experiences .
As far as pricing is concerned , I think it they are about the same .
However , I like how Rapidled sells packages now which contain almost everything you need to complete an array .
These are just case fans from Newegg.com .80 mm fans for the Gen2 build , 120 mm for the original prototype .
I had some 5V cell phone chargers laying around which I used .
However , anything =5 V or = 12V or less can be used .
Some switchable power supplies like this from www.summitsource.com can also be used .
Radio Shack .
I know there are cheaper places online , I just have n't gotten around to finding them yet ... I used a 24 gauge solid copper wire roll I had from a previous project .
I think it was purchased from RadioShack .tip on that : the wire shielding needs to be strong , as fishing the wires in and out and around the heatsink can cause problems with the jacket if you 're not careful or are not using quality wires .
That 's it !
I think I 've spent more time experimenting than actual building .
But all the experience gained from trial and error definitely makes the actual build much easier .
Total cost of materials for one build was a bit over $ 300 .
Here are some pics of the second build ...
I did not have a free hand , so it was difficult for me to document as well as I wanted .. but it does show how much work is involved with prepping the heatsink ( my least favorite part ) .
Cutting main stock to size : Completed cut : Jagged edges to be finished :
A template was created to facilitate the building of multiple units : Drilling the 72 holes needed to mount LEDs for each unit .
Mount holes complete : Polishing surface for better LED / heatsink mating :
Fan mounts are cut and refinished : Mounting begins : Backside wiring :
This was done so that no exposed wires show ; for safety , as well as aesthetic reasons .
Finished and hung on rails over display :
The orginal prototype on the left and the Gen2 on the right : I mounted all pendents on wheels so they can be moved if needed : Another FTS ...
All exposures were lowered to prevent washout , hence the seemingly dark surroundings :
Side shot with center actinic ( blues ) on only .
Exposure was short to preserve clarity .
It is much brighter in reality .
Top down actinicNo post processing was made .
The reds are really that red .
These have been over the display for a month at the time of this writing .
I have read from many early DIY 'ers using Cree emitters that it seems to put out more light than expected .
I think my PAR readings reinforce that .
As such , I am slowly acclimating the display to these lights with very short cycles .
All three pendents overlap no more than 3 hours a day , and they are staggered so that there is light on the display for 11.5 hours a day .
So far , all corals seem to be responding favorably with new tips , and in the case of the plating montiporas , more folds are developing , and surface is becoming more textured .
Some acroporas in direct light under the center pendent are lightening in response to the more intense light .
As far as costs are concerned , I find it a moot point when you consider the costs of MH bulb replacement .
In my case , I replace bulbs every six months as I find that output decreases dramatically by then and spectrum changes .
I notice because my corals almost stop growing .
At 3x250 , that 's at least $ 210 per year .
Nevermind the shock the corals have to go through each time I change bulbs .
I often get questions from reefers interested in color manipulation through dimming .
I do not think manual dimming of LEDs to control end color is efficient , since it involves reducing output on one or more colors to achieve end result .
This approach means some emitters are not running at full potential .
A better approach would be to adjust the ratio of the different LEDs .
This ensures all emitters are running at 100 % of the current supplied .
Simulating sunrise / sunset is the best use for dimming , but requires microprocessor control .
There are a few reefers working on that now .
Optics are perhaps the most important aspect in the use of LEDs , as they channel and focus scattered light into a beam .
The focusing also concentrates the light and increases intensity dramatically ( see PAR table above ) .
This data paper from Cree shows the effects of 60˚ optics on an XR - E LED .
Taking advantage of optics available to us will open up a whole new frontier not explored before in reef lighting .
Fixture mounting height is no longer limited .
Using narrow optics will allow mounting even on the highest ceilings , opening up possibilities of dramatic gallery style presentations of our reefs .
It also allows unfettered access to our reefs from the top , whether it is for maintenance or photography .
Manipulating color intensity and specific highlighting can also be achieved through use of different optics for different colors .
My display used to increase anywhere for 2 - 4 ˚ F during the day when the halides are on , causing unavoidable temp fluctuations .
Now , there is no fluctuation .
Zero.LEDs will surely provide relief for those currently blasting their tank with 400w halides and running massive chillers to cope with heat .
Chillers may soon go the way of the Dodo bird .
Coral coloration is an area which I hesitate to comment on , since it is a very subjective subject .
What may be appealing to one may be a turn - off for another .
However , I have always believed that coral coloration has more to do with water chemistry than lighting alone .
I certainly do not have any complaints regarding coral colors , as they are brighter and appear more colorful to my eyes than what I was able to achieve using metal halides alone .
Notice the small acropora frag in the center :
Same acropora species as above picture , next to each other ( 1st and 2nd from right ) .
The one on the left is newly mounted and darker .
One on right changed color when placed under more direct light .
It becomes even lighter as shown in the picture above .
Mother colony in lower light area: LED intensity clearly enough for color manipulation ... LED technology is here and ready now .
Costs are no higher than a comparable MH system when considered over 3 years ( fixture / ballast and bulb replacement costs ) .
In addition to using only a fraction of the energy of any other reef lighting available to us , these emitters have a projected lifetime of 11 years running around 12 hours a day before light output decreases to 70 % of original output , which means you can say farewell to routine bulb changes !
They contain no toxic materials , unlike fluorescents and MH , which contain mercury and other toxic materials .
With the recent Orbitec patent lawsuit against PFO , many reefers became discouraged and thought that advancement in LED reef lighting would be stifled .
Perhaps as a response , many took on the task of designing and building their own systems .
Although we are only getting started , the results have so far been revolutionary .
Hopefully , as more hobbyists adopt this technology , commercial markets will adapt to allow end users to customize and build their rig with universal parts rather than fully - built proprietary units .
I encourage anyone with the DIY ability and inspiration to try this .
You will be pleasantly surprised .
Added by Marc : Check out his great video : Added by Robert : Here 's an updated Video from June for comparison : December 2010 :
HALIFAX –Canadians are sending a message to future prime ministers about overstepping their powers , says Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff , who is promising that he would not run roughshod over Parliament .
Facing numerous questions about Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's shutdown of Parliament during two sessions with students in Nova Scotia today , Ignatieff said he would " respect the institutions that contain my powers . "
While he said he would n't rule out using the prorogation power , the Liberal leader said he 's been heartened by Canadians ' outcry against Harper 's shutdown , which follows on the heels of him using the proroguing power a year ago as well .
" This experience of doing it twice in one year teaches us that there are really serious constitutional issues involved , " Ignatieff said as he kicked off a week - long tour of Canadian campuses , at the same time his party was unleashing a wave of attack ads to protest against the parliamentary shutdown .
" You 've got to keep that balance in which the prime minister serves Parliament , rather than Parliament serving the prime minister . "
In the face of what appears to be rising opposition to the shutdown of Parliament until March 3 , Ignatieff says Liberals are taking their cues from the public — and the doubts Canadians have been expressing about Harper 's decision to close Parliament down until after the Olympics .
" We 're trying to ask in those ads the questions Canadians want answered : why 's he doing this ? "
Ignatieff said this morning , as he kicked off a national campus tour in Halifax , on the same day that Liberal ads have also hit the radio airwaves and print outlets across Canada .
The ads accuse Harper of closing Parliament because of " self - interest " and allege that it's part of a cover - up by the Conservative government to avoid accountability on some controversial issues dogging Harper before the House of Commons adjourned for the Christmas holiday .
" We believe he 's shutting it down to avoid tough questions on Afghanistan and the detainee issue ; tough questions on ( the climate change summit in ) Copenhagen , on the environment , " Ignatieff said .
Ignatieff denies the Liberals are adopting the Conservatives ' negative - ad strategies , saying that the Liberal ads are based on sentiment that 's already simmering in the Canadian public .
" This public debate started before us and we 're taking part , " Ignatieff said , citing the Facebook - based protest that has now garnered more than 145,000 members , as well as the numerous editorials and commentary across the country that have been slamming Harper for the parliamentary shutdown .
" I do n't need to take any lessons in positive politics from Stephen Harper , " Ignatieff told reporters .
" He 's the master of the negative stuff . "
During his hour - long chat with students this morning at the Nova Scotia Community College in Dartmouth , Ignatieff said that new social networks , such as Facebook and Twitter , are important tools for politicians in this day and age , but he also said that they are only tools — that they can only be useful if politicians have something valuable to communicate through them .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Read more about :
Former prime minister John Howard will become president of the International Cricket Council in two year 's time .
Mr Howard fended off a strong challenge from New Zealand candidate Sir John Anderson to earn the nomination .
Cricket tragic ... John Howard .
Credit:AFP
Cricket Australia and New Zealand Cricket jointly nominated Mr Howard to the ICC today after a tense few months in which both national boards fiercely defended their favoured candidate .
New Zealand Cricket pushed strongly for Sir John , its former board chairman and long - time cricket official , while Mr Howard was the preferred choice of Cricket Australia .
Estimate of direct spending and revenue effects for the amendment in the nature of a substitute released on March 18 , 2010
( Natural News )
In a new study conducted by the U.S. Geological Survey ( USGS ) , every single fish tested from 291 freshwater streams across the United States was found to be contaminated with mercury .
" This study shows just how widespread mercury pollution has become in our air , watersheds and many of our fish in freshwater streams , " said Interior Secretary Ken Salazar .
Mercury is a potent neurotoxin that builds up in the food chain at ever higher concentrations in predators such as large fish and humans .
It is especially damaging to the developing nervous systems of fetuses and children , but can have severe effects on adults , as well .
The pollutant enters the environment almost wholly as atmospheric emissions from industrial processes , primarily the burning of coal for electricity .
It then spreads across the plant and settles back to the surface , eventually concentrating in rivers , lakes and oceans , where it enters the aquatic food chain .
The number one cause of human mercury poisoning in the United States is the consumption of fish and shellfish .
Researchers tested the water , sediment and fish of the 291 streams between 1998 and 2005 .
Fish tested were mostly larger species near the top of the food chain , such as largemouth bass .
All fish were contaminated with mercury , more than 66 percent of them at levels higher than those set by the Environmental Protection agency as a " level of concern for fish - eating mammals , " according to Reuters .
More than 25 percent of the fish were contaminated at levels higher than those set as the threshold for human consumption .
The study is the first to focus on mercury contamination of streams , rather than lakes , reservoirs , wetlands or oceans .
The researchers found the highest mercury concentrations in fish from the coastal blackwater streams of the Southeast .
Apparently the combination of pine forests and wooded wetlands found in these regions transforms mercury very effectively into its more toxic organic form ( methylmercury ) .
Mercury concentrations were also high in streams fed from areas with a history of mining .
Sources for this story include : www.reuters.com
NUSA DUA , Indonesia ( Reuters ) 
An independent board of scientists will be appointed to review the workings of the world ’s top climate science panel , which has faced recriminations over inaccuracies in a 2007 report , a United Nations environmental spokesman said Friday .
The board ’s work will be part of a broader review of the body , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , said Nick Nuttall , a spokesman for the United Nations Environment Program , who spoke on the sidelines of an international meeting of environment ministers here .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has been under fire since it was pointed out that the 2007 report included a prediction that Himalayan glaciers would vanish by 2035 , although there is no scientific consensus to that effect .
That brief citation  drawn from a magazine interview with a glaciologist who says he was misquoted  and sporadic criticism of the panel ’s leader have fueled skepticism in some quarters about the science underlying climate change .
The climate panel ’s assessments are a crucial source of guidance for policy makers addressing global warming .
True , it may sound strange .
But eating the right kind of fats is definitely where it ’s at for healthy weight loss .
Sadly , many people have been so brainwashed by the fat - free mentality of the past ten years that they still suffer from fat phobia .
And although we are slowly emerging from the no- or low - fat craze , the notion that all fats are bad is definitely a hard one to shake .
There are , of course , some fats you should definitely stay away from .
Hydrogenated , oxidized , fried or heat - processed fats — typically found in margarine , vegetable shortening or fried foods — are sources of the unnatural and unhealthy trans fats .
These are the fats that have been linked to heart disease , cancer and aging .
But there are good fats .
The essential fatty acids , for instance , are not only necessary for overall health , but are also beneficial for shedding those excess pounds .
In fact , they are so crucial to cardiovascular , immune , reproductive and skin health that it amazes me how so - called “ experts ” could have ever believed otherwise .
The truth is high - quality , protective fats ( such as extra virgin olive oil , flaxseed oil , fish oils , nuts , seeds and avocados ) can aid in keeping blood sugar levels stable .
So you actually feel fuller longer .
Translation :
You get full by eating less food , which inhibits food cravings and prevents overeating .
In addition , some of the healthy fats can trigger fat burning rather than fat storage .
And that boosts your body ’s natural fat - burning ability .
So the question is n’t whether you should include fats in your diet .
The question is “ Which ones ? “
The fat - free roller coaster ride
Thanks to the fat - free propaganda of the past decade , Americans mistakenly linked all dietary fats with elevated cholesterol levels , cardiovascular problems and obesity .
They reacted by dramatically altering their dietary regimens and removing fats as much as possible from their meals .
But without fat — the most potent blood sugar stabilizer — many developed powerful food cravings and wound up substituting unlimited carbohydrates ( sugar , fat - free yogurt , cookies , bagels , bread , crackers , rice cakes , etc. ) for the missing fats .
Even the most nutritionally conscious health buffs went overboard with these fat - free carbohydrates and became fat in the process !
It was all due to their overeating refined , white flour carbohydrates ( like bagels and white rice ) as well as those highly touted complex carbohydrates ( such as whole grain bread , potatoes and corn ) .
These foods can produce a quick spike in blood sugar levels , which raises insulin — the fat - promoting hormone .
Plus elevated insulin blocks the body ’s ability to burn stored fat for energy as well as creates a rapid fall in blood sugar levels , resulting in more hunger .
This roller coaster ride of blood sugar peaks and valleys has ultimately lead to our national problem : weight gain .
In fact , more Americans are overweight today than ever before .
Over 50 % of us fall in the overweight category .
And as odd as it may sound , many of these overweight individuals are suffering from a fat deficiency — an essential fatty acid ( EFA ) deficiency to be exact .
Essential fatty acids are absolutely necessary for the body ’s biochemical processes .
Without them , your body senses a famine and begins to convert more carbohydrates into fat , turning it into a fat - producing machine .
An essential fatty acid deficiency may also be the cause behind escalating health concerns such as arthritis , diabetes , skin disorders , breast cancer , PMS and menopausal symptoms , low - energy levels , fatigue , allergy , yeast problems , mood swings and depression .
Just look at the trends since North Americans started cutting back the fat :
Heart disease still remains the No.1 killer .
The cases of diabetes have tripled in the last 30 years .
New health conditions are appearing like puzzling epidemics ( chronic fatigue , Candida , food allergies , immune suppressive disorders ) .
The number of cancer cases has escalated — the chance of survival is n’t much better than 20 years ago .
Hyperactivity among children and adults is on the rise — quite possibly the lack of brain fortifying fat is contributing to numerous cases of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder ( ADHD ) .
So who says cutting out fat is better for your health ?
Trust me , fat is not the enemy .
On the contrary , it can become your best ally .
Besides promoting well being , essential healthy fats make you look good by adding luster to brittle hair , strength to cracked or weak nails and healing to skin conditions like psoriasis and eczema .
Stay tuned for part 2 next week !
For more information please contact www.annlouise.com where advice and inspiration are given freely 24 hours a day , 7 days a week .
Related Articles
A scandal - plagued Chinese zoo has been shut down after the starvation of 11 Siberian tigers and allegations that it has been illegally supplying brewers of tiger - bone tonics .
The authorities have launched an investigation into the Shenyang Forest Wildlife zoo , a semi-private operation that slashed rations for its animals after running into financial difficulties .
They will also examine the structural problems facing the country 's massive captive - breeding business , in which – the Guardian has discovered – more than 1,000 other tigers are at risk of malnourishment .
The Shenyang zoo , which is partly owned by local government , came into the spotlight after 11 Siberian tigers starved to death in the space of six months .
It emerged that the keepers were feeding the animals cheap cuts of chicken because the zoo was short of money .
While ostensibly founded to secure tourist income , the zoo is accused of providing tiger parts for Chinese traditional medicine despite a ban on the trade .
An unnamed zoo official , quoted by The Beijing News , claimed 40 to 50 tigers may have died since 2000 and production of tiger - bone wine for human consumption was an " open secret " .
Bottles of the illicit tonic were reportedly given to police and senior forestry officials , who are supposed to be on the frontline of conservation efforts in China .
Unable to openly sell the valuable carcasses , bones and penises , the zoo reportedly spent large sums on refrigerator units .
Money that should have gone on food went on electricity for the freezers .
Far from being a one - off case , the case highlights the dire conditions in which 6,000 to 10,000 tigers and other rare animals are kept by captive - breeding centres that were actually set up to farm parts for traditional medicine .
The biggest of them , the Guilin Xiongsen Tiger and Bear Mountain Village crams 1,400 tigers into an area smaller than Regents Park .
It too is cutting beef rations for live animals rather than the electricity bill for carcass freezers .
A source at the park told the Guardian that several tigers have died of malnourishment in recent months .
" Our costs are higher than our revenues and it costs 100 yuan ( £ 9.50 ) a day to feed a tiger .
So we have been giving them chicken and duck instead .
The animals only get half full , " said the source , who asked to remain nameless .
The park has halted a show for tourists in which tigers are let loose on live cows , though it is not clear if this is because of budget pressures or negative publicity .
Staff at Xiongsen say they have not been paid by the owner – Zhou Weisen – for six months .
" The big boss hardly comes to visit anymore because he 's afraid the staff will give him a hard time , " said the source .
Yet the freezers – thought to contain hundreds of carcasses – continue to run and the park has a website promoting tiger - bone wine from " animals that died of old age " .
It claims to have the permission of the local forestry bureau , although such a trade is supposed to be illegal .
The park 's management refused the Guardian 's requests for an interview .
The Guangxi Forestry Bureau , which is supposed to regulate the business , did not respond to requests for information about the number of tiger deaths at the park .
Secrecy is part of the problem , along with unrealistic hopes for a resumption of the tiger trade and dire government supervision .
" Anyone with money is allowed to build a zoo or wildlife park without proper facilities , professional breeders or veterinarians .
When they later discover , they cannot afford to raise the animals , this leads to deaths and labour disputes , " said Hua Ning , the project director of the International Fund for Animal Welfare in China .
According to studies carried out by her organisation , four of the five registered captive breeding centres in China were established after the ban in tiger parts .
Because there is no law forbidding cruelty to animals many are maltreated .
" Some animals have their teeth or claws pulled out .
Others are forced to do circus tricks , " said Hua .
" This treatment damages the physical and psychological health of the tigers . "
The government said it may re-evaluate the captive breeding system if the investigation into the deaths at Shenyang zoo proves widespread abuse .
" We are closely following the development of the incidents , " said Liu Xiongying , a senior official with information office at the State Forestry Administration , told The China Daily .
" If it proves such bad practices are happening on a large scale , the administration will release nationwide measures to stop such actions . "
The starvation scandal , which comes at the start of the Chinese Year of the Tiger , is expected to prompt discussion at an international tiger conference in Vladivostok later this year .
China has previously defended its captive breeding programme as a means to save the animal from extinction .
An archeologist examines the colonial graveyard beneath Sydney 's city hall in 2008 .
Australian archaeologists have uncovered what they believe to be the world 's southernmost site of early human life , a 40,000 - year - old tribal meeting ground , an Aboriginal leader said Wednesday .
Australian archaeologists have uncovered what they believe to be the world 's southernmost site of early human life , a 40,000 - year - old tribal meeting ground , an Aboriginal leader said Wednesday .
The site appears to have been the last place of refuge for Aboriginal tribes from the cannon fire of Australia 's first white settlers , said Michael Mansell of the Tasmanian Aboriginal Centre .
The find came during an archaeological survey ahead of roadworks near Tasmania 's Derwent River and soil dating had established the age of the artefacts found there .
" When the archaeological report came out it showed that ( life there ) had gone back longer than any other recorded place anywhere else in Tasmania , dating back to 40,000 years , " Mansell told AFP .
Up to three million artefacts , including stone tools , shellfish fragments and food scraps , were believed to be buried in the area , which appeared to have been a meeting ground for three local tribes .
They died out after white settlers arrived in the late 18th century .
" They ( settlers ) hunted people here to this place and shot them just so they could get the land , " said Mansell .
" Many others were imprisoned until they died . "
" In terms of culture and history this region now represents Tasmania 's Valley of the Kings , " he added , referring to the world heritage listed Egyptian tombs on the west bank of the Nile .
" When you get something like this that evokes memory of what your people did before we were born and evokes a memory about the legacy that they left us ... it makes the place irreplaceable . "
The survey was finished last week and chief archaeologist Rob Paton said he had been surprised at the age of the items found .
" We have n't even done a reading on the bottom sample yet , I was expecting 17,000 ( years ) for the base of the trench and about 4 or 5,000 ( years ) for the top , " Paton told state radio .
Paton said luminescence readings -- measuring the age of the artefacts based on how much exposure they had received to sunlight -- had been " nice and statistically tight " .
" That suggests to me that they 're probably correct , giving us a top reading of 28,000 ( years old ) and certainly seeming to go back another 10,000 ( years ) at least beyond that , " he said .
The readings indicated that " we do have the oldest , most southern site anywhere in the world " , said Paton , making it " an important site for anyone and quite exciting for us " .
" I think the thing to stress is no matter what the age of the site it 's important anyway , " he added .
Mansell said the tribes were famous for their defiant stand against the settlers , and so frustrated the authorities they ultimately issued an order that any Aborigine in the area be shot on sight .
He said the dig 's findings were merely the " tip of the iceberg " and called for plans to build a bridge over the site to be scrapped .
" The Tasmanian government must immediately declare it a protected site , not just for Aboriginal people but for peoples of the world , " said Mansell .
Australia 's original inhabitants , with cultures stretching back tens of thousands of years , are believed to have numbered around one million at the time of white settlement .
There are now just 470,000 out of a population of 21 million and Australia 's most impoverished minority .
Explore further Researcher Unearths Iron Age Skeleton
( c ) 2010 AFP
The choice for Theora
As we ’ve begun to publish our videos of the Fronteers 2009 conference ( all of which will be linked from the sessions page ) , our choice to use the < video > element and the Theora codec has not been without discussion ...
At the moment , roughly 65 % of the visitors to the Fronteers website use a browser which supports the < video > element in combination with the Theora codec .
Specifically , this is Firefox 3.5/3.6 ( and other Gecko 1.9.1 + browsers like SeaMonkey 2 ) , Chrome 3/4 , and ( pre - ) alpha builds of Opera 10.50 .
The ( still ) 20 % IE users wo n't see video in their browser , but can download the videos , and play them with their media player of choice .
( In the unlikely case that this player does n't support Theora , VLC is a good and open source alternative . )
And then there 's roughly 10 % of Safari users , who will see the poster frame of the video , but wo n't be able to actually play the video , due to the lack of support in Safari for the Theora codec .
As with the IE users , these visitors will have to download the videos in order to be able to watch them .
There 's been heavy discussion in the Fronteers IRC channel if this was the right choice , or if we should additionally make available a version of the videos using the H.264 codec , which is supported by Safari .
Remarkably enough , it took two days before anyone even suggested to use Flash to make the videos play in IE .
The core question is :
What 's more important ?
Giving the best experience to the largest number of visitors , or joining the fight for a world in which every user of the internet can watch and create videos without any barriers .
Fronteers is increasingly being looked at to provide best practices , and one of our goals as an organization ( as decided by the members ) is to " use our influence to make standards organizations and implementing parties improve the lot of front - end developers through better standards , techniques , documentation and implementations . "
On the other hand , can we still be taken seriously as front - end developers if we do n't choose the solution which right now works best for the largest number of visitors ?
For those who are n't aware of the situation around video codecs , a short summary .
HTML5 specifies the < video > element .
Originally , this also included specifying the codec to use in combination with this element , namely Theora .
Apple , one of the five big browser vendors , was strongly opposed to this choice , due to fears for submarine patents .
The risk of such patents always exists , of course , but they 'd already taken this risk with other codecs ( for example via iTunes ) , and doing so again with this new codec was apparently out of the question .
H.264 as an alternative was unacceptable for open source browser vendors ( specifically Mozilla , but also relevant for webkit - based browsers like Chromium , Konqueror , etc. ) , since there are many software patents which apply to H.264 .
Although an organization like Mozilla could theoretically bear the costs of a license ( $ 5,000,000 for the current year , roughly 6 % of their yearly turnover , with further price increases all but certain ) , downstream users of the Mozilla source code would n't be able to use H.264 themselves .
From the open source perspective , this is unacceptable .
( Using codecs installed in the OS is no solution either for Mozilla ; doing so would incur large security risks , and goes against Mozilla 's mission for an open web . )
Opera is also opposed to the H.264 codec , mostly (? ) due to the high licensing costs .
Due to this stalemate , and to better reflect reality , the specification of a codec for the < video > element has been removed from HTML5 , at least for the duration of the search for a solution which is acceptable to everyone .
Lacking a mandate from higher - up , the fight for a universally used codec for the web has been moved to implementations and users .
H.264 is supported by the big media companies and parties aligned with them .
H.264 has a first mover advantage , and hardware support .
Opposed to it we find Theora , supported by the open source software world , and all small parties who want to be able to put video on the web by themselves .
H.264 is currently free to use for creating video at a small scale , but due to the licensing structure which changes yearly , there 's no certainty that this situation will last very long .
History teaches us , and all the communication by the MPEG - LA seems to confirm , that this will rapidly change if H.264 becomes the most used video codec on the web .
The situation right now is in flux ; everything is possible , and small actions can have large consequences .
Theora has , due to support in Firefox and Chrome , by far the highest percentage of direct support in a browser .
Mozilla is additionally using its resources to help improve the quality of this codec even further .
( There are many myths about the technical inferiority of the Theora codec , mostly due to old tests from back when the bitstream codec had just been frozen , but not much effort had yet gone into the encoder and decoder ; more recent tests show that differences in quality are minimal . )
On the other hand , YouTube and Vimeo are using H.264 in initial tests with the < video > element .
( Mostly because their videos were already encoded in this format ? )
There are signs that Apple might reconsider Theora , and by buying On2 , Google has acquired the progenitor of the Theora codec , which might help with creating more certainty around submarine patents .
The coming year is likely to be crucial .
Will we end up in a situation where H.264 is the video standard for the web , and will everyone doing anything with video have to pay money to the MPEG - LA for this ?
Or will Theora gain enough momentum to entice Apple and the big video sites into supporting it , which will lead us into a world where video on the web becomes free and open , enabling optimal use by everyone ?
I know which situation has my preference , and I know which situation is better for us web developers .
We web developers additionally play a part in this fight ourselves , and our choices can matter .
The more high quality video will be published online in Theora ( and not in H.264 ) , the higher the chance that Apple decides it 's worth the risk to support Theora in Safari .
Although Fronteers is no Wikipedia ( which site will host all their videos in Theora ) , we are beginning to become a sizable organization , with a decent reputation , which we can use to good effect here , helping the fight for an open web .
What is your opinion ?
Is this a good idea , or should we just be practical and publish H.264 video through a Flash interface ?
Is it more important to serve 100 % of our visitors right now , or is it okay to show some idealism and to say , " We know what 's best in the long run ! " ?
update :
As referred to above already , Google bought On2 , and thus got their hands on the advanced VP8 codec , a successor to the VP3 codec from which Theora spawned .
In May 2010 , they made this codec open source as part of the WebM Project , which did not only gain instant support of Mozilla and Opera ( with alpha versions of Firefox , Opera and Chrome supporting WebM , and stable versions to be released over the next few months ) , but also of a host of other software and hardware vendors .
Additionally , Google has begun converting every single video on YouTube to WebM , giving a powerful impetus to the growth of the WebM ecosystem .
As of now , Microsoft continues to back H.264 as the primary codec in their browser ( with WebM support requiring the codec to be installed separately ) , while Apple has n't made an official statement yet .
The position of open video on an open web has gotten a lot stronger , but nothing has been decided yet , and the situation remains in flux .
As Fronteers , we continue to believe it's in the best interest of the web to only support open standards which can be freely implemented .
In addition to making our videos available using the Theora codec , we 'll also support WebM , and will continue to recommend not using H.264 for video on the web .
( This is a slightly shortened translation of a blog post originally written in Dutch by me , Sander van Lambalgen .
Feel free to leave comments on the original blog post . )
" Sexting " became a household word last year after four Pennsylvania teens were charged with disseminating and possessing child pornography after it was discovered that several students had exchanged nude pictures of themselves via cell phone .
A federal court ruled last week that felony child pornography charges could not be pursued in this particular case , but state lawmakers around the country are looking to address the issue by making penalties better fit the " crime " for minors caught sexting .
The Illinois State Senate last week passed a bill that would limit penalties for minors that share nude or sexually explicit photos via cell phone or computer .
Doing so would be classified as a misdemeanor , and minors would be sent to juvenile court for counseling and possible community service .
" Sometimes these kids do n't understand what they 're doing , make a mistake , and it follows them for life , " state senator Ira Silverstein , who sponsored the bill , told the Chicago Tribune .
" So we do n't want that in their record . "
The bill also does not make it illegal for minors to send or receive such photos to each other , as long as they do n't make it into the hands of a third party .
" We 're not trying to prosecute them if they keep it between themselves , " said state representative Darlene Senger , who sponsored a similar bill in the Illinois House of Representatives .
Connecticut lawmakers are considering similar legislation as well .
Currently , sexting between minors violates state child pornography laws , but the state legislature 's joint judiciary committee is debating a proposed bill that would make the offense a misdemeanor if it occurs between minor children aged 13 and 18 that have " a relationship . "
That would keep minors convicted of sexting - related charges from being required to register as a sex offender .
Florida is also considering legislation that would classify sexting between minors as a specific crime separate from existing child pornography statutes .
First - time minor offenders would merely get a $ 25 fine and community service , while second - time offenders would get a misdemeanor on their record on top of up to 60 days in jail and a $ 500 fine .
Sexting is " stupid behavior that young people will regret for years to come , but it should n't be treated as child pornography , " State Senator Dave Aronberg told the Sun Sentinel .
" We 're trying to make the punishment fit the crime . "
So far , 15 states have legislation on the table to address sexting in one form or another .
Many states are attempting to specifically add it as a crime as part of cyberstalking or child pornography ( when it includes images of minor - aged children ) laws .
However , several of the laws are attempting to address the issue when it comes to teens engaging in sexting .
Some measures encourage adopting programs to educate teens about the dangers of sexting , while others de-criminalize the act as the Illinois , Connecticut , and Florida bills would .
Similar measures were passed last year in Utah , Nebraska , and Vermont .
Such sensible approaches were encouraged at a panel discussion organized by the wireless industry and the Family Online Safety Institute last year in the wake of the issues in Pennsylvania .
" We have to be very careful about criminalizing these things , " Georgia State Senator Don Balfour said during the conference .
" Let 's not clobber these kids . "
A recent Pew study revealed that only 4 percent of teens between 12 and 17 admitted to sending a nude photo of themselves to others via cell phone , while 15 percent said they had received such a photo .
The first gay couple to marry in Malawi face a humiliating medical examination aimed at proving they have had sexual relations , it emerged today .
Tiwonge Chimbalanga and Steven Monjeza could be sentenced to 14 years in prison if found guilty of " unnatural practices between males " .
Gay rights campaigners reacted angrily to the men's treatment and warned that a renewed trend of homophobia was sweeping Africa .
Chimbalanga , 20 , and 26 - year - old Monjeza made history when they committed to marriage at a symbolic ceremony last weekend – the first same - sex couple to do so in the southern African state , in which homosexual acts are illegal .
Two days later , they were arrested at their home .
Chimbalanga , wearing a women 's blouse , and Monjeza appeared in court in the city of Blantyre to answer three charges of unnatural practices between males and gross indecency .
The court was reportedly packed , with some spectators offering support and congratulations while others yelled insults .
The state prosecutor argued that the men had been living together as a married couple since August , and applied for them to be sent to hospital to prove they have had sex together .
The couple deny consummating their relationship , their lawyer , Noel Supedi , said .
" Up to the time of their arrests , there is no evidence they have had sexual intercourse , " Supedi told reporters .
" Unless they give their consent to the medical examination , we will protest .
According to the constitution , only when someone gives their consent can they be subject to experimentation – and this is tantamount to experimentation . "
He added : " It 's difficult to say what the couple think about it , but my own assessment is they should not undergo a medical examination because it would be a humiliating invasion of their privacy .
" It would only be serving the interests of the state .
It would infringe their rights . "
The men have denied all the charges against them , but remain in custody pending an application for bail on Monday .
Supedi said he had not yet had opportunity to ask them why they had chosen to make such a public stand .
" I think maybe they regret it , " he added .
" Chimbalanga was happy and normal in court , but Monjeza seemed very worried and was crying .
Perhaps he did not know it would go this way . "
As he was sent back to prison , Monjeza hinted to reporters at the court that he might consider calling off the marriage .
" I am sad I am going back to Chichiri prison , " he said .
" The conditions are terrible there .
People are exaggerating this thing .
I may just as well dissolve this marriage . "
Chimbalanga refused to speak to journalists , other than to accuse them of writing " stupid " things .
The fight against HIV is slowly changing the official position , however .
The government made its first public comment on homosexuality in September , when it said gay rights needed to be recognised to help fight HIV and Aids .
The Centre for the Development of People ( CEDEP ) , a local human rights organisation , has estimated that 25 % of the country 's gay men are HIV positive .
Malawi's health ministry says the overall rate of HIV infection is 12 % .
Cary Alan Johnson , the executive director of the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission , said : " Malawians have fought long and hard for a working democracy – rights to expression , association , assembly and non-discrimination are part of a truly democratic tradition .
" We hope that the police and the courts will recognise that these men have committed no crime and deserve neither to be detained nor to be the subject of ridicule by the media . "
• This article was amended on 1 March 2010 to delete a paragraph on
a separate Malawian dispute .
The paragraph incorrectly suggested that Nick Henderson , a London - based vicar , had been sent by the Anglican church to be Bishop of Lake Malawi .
In fact , he had been chosen in 2005 by members of the diocese .
For the second year in a row , computer science enrollments in the U.S. have increased , according to an annual study of enrollment trends , giving hope that the degree program is seeing a revival that 's here to stay .
The decline in technology - related enrollments that began with the dot - com bust has been worrisome to business and government leaders .
President Obama , in particular , has pushed for programs to train more secondary school teachers in science , technology , engineering and mathematics .
He has gone so far as to urge students to eschew finance degrees in favor of technology areas .
The total number of undergraduate majors in computer science increased 5.5 % in 2008 - 2009 , the second consecutive year that the number of computer science majors has increased , according to the annual Taulbee Survey by the Computing Research Association .
Over a two - year period , the number of such students increased to 14 % .
The survey looks only at a subset of computer science enrollments -- those students attending Ph.D. - granting institutions -- but it 's typically the first data to identify enrollment trends in advance of government data .
The figures represent a total of 32,706 computer science majors enrolled at these institutions , the survey said .
But the multiyear decline in enrollments has reduced the number of graduates and competition for jobs .
" Employers cannot find enough people who are graduating to hire , " said Jeff Hollingsworth , a professor of computer science at the University of Maryland who also heads the undergraduate program .
This past month , the university held a job fair specifically for computer science graduates in response to employer demand , he said .
" The demand exceeds the production , " he added .
At Maryland , there were 141 first - year computer science enrollments in the 2008 - 2009 academic year .
For the 2009 - 2010 academic year , it had 210 first - year students .
Hollingsworth blamed some of the earlier enrollment decline on fears of offshoring , but he said most tech companies want their most interesting development work done in the U.S.
" There are some concerns about offshoring , but I think the concerns were much greater than reality , " he said .
Computer science enrollments may have also been helped by the collapse of some major Wall Street firms .
Mathematically inclined students who might have once considered a degree in finance now see computer science as " the safe choice , " said Peter Harsha , the Computing Research Association 's director of government affairs .
Obama has also urged students to turn to technology areas .
In an appearance on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno last year , Obama said : " We need young people -- instead of a smart kid coming out of school ... wanting to be an investment banker , we need them to decide if they want to be an engineer , they want to be a scientist , they want to be a doctor or a teacher . "
But computer science is also being helped by its broadening application into other academic areas , such as computational biology , Harsha said .
This " makes the problems of computer science more intellectually compelling , " he contended .
The decline in enrollments also prompted academic departments to revisit curricula to see what they could do to spice up programs , he added .
The enrollment gains are happening despite a tech market that has shrunk as a result of the recession .
Although the students may be betting on an improving job market by graduation , Hollingsworth said that graduates from his program are finding jobs .
Patrick Thibodeau covers SaaS and enterprise applications , outsourcing , government IT policies , data centers and IT workforce issues for Computerworld .
Follow Patrick on Twitter at @DCgov or subscribe to Patrick 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is pthibodeau@computerworld.com .
I love Steam .
How could I not ?
Browsing Steam for games often feels like browsing a buffet full of my favorite dishes , all made especially for me and ready to eat at a moment 's notice .
Almost anything I could ever want is right there , and all I need to do for another spoonful of gaming goodness is click a few buttons .
Of course , that 's only the half of it .
The most recent Steam Holiday Sale bordered on unreal .
Just imagine if Steam 's pricing applied to everything else :
You could buy an HDTV for $ 50 or a McDonald 's Double Cheeseburger for $ 0.25 .
This absurd pricing , among other things , has made Steam hugely successful .
When Steam was released in September of 2003 alongside Half - Life 2 , no one was even sure if there was a market for digital distribution .
Since then , Steam has come to dominate the rapidly growing digital distribution market , achieving an active user base of around 25 million .
Steam is positioned to have considerable influence on the future of gaming , and at first glance the future seems bright .
Yet there is a niggle in the back of my mind , a suspicion growing too large to ignore :
Is Steam becoming a monopoly ?
Risky Business
I can hear some readers crying out , " Blasphemy ! " Surely Valve would never allow Steam to take actions like those of Microsoft , a company which was prosecuted for its anti-competitive practices with varying degrees of success in countries across the globe .
But , in fact , Valve has already taken steps down this dark and dangerous road , and the dim lantern lighting the way is Steamworks .
Steamworks is an application programming interface ( API ) offered by Valve which allows third - party publishers to integrate their games into Steam .
For publishers , this idea is the bee 's knees : Using Steamworks grants access to Steam 's authentication services , Steam 's community features and Steam 's ability to rapidly deliver patches and DLC .
These are all features that publishers would ideally provide anyway , but Steam has them built and ready to go for the low price of absolutely free .
As a result , such popular titles as Modern Warfare 2 and Dawn of War 2 have jumped on the Steamworks bandwagon .
There 's a catch , however :
Once a publisher elects to use Steamworks in one of its titles , its customers must use Steam to play it - no exceptions .
Publishers do n't mind this , because it 's easier for customers to purchase a publisher 's other titles when the Steam client is installed and ready to go by default .
But for competitors to Steam , like Direct2 Drive and Impulse , Steamworks is the end of days .
Brad Wardell commented on Steamworks in the 2009 Stardock Customer Report , saying " Once a game requires Steamworks , it is effectively cut off from us , which limits our content . "
These words , however , are like honey compared to those of Direct2 Drive .
When Direct2 Drive decided not to carry the blockbuster Modern Warfare 2 , Gamasutra asked the company for comment .
In reply , Direct2 Drive stated , " We do n't believe games should force the user to install a Trojan Horse . "
New Haven
PERHAPS the only thing more surprising than President Obama ’s decision to give an interview for “ America ’s Most Wanted ” last weekend was his apparent agreement with the program ’s host , John Walsh , that there should be a national DNA database with profiles of every person arrested , whether convicted or not .
Many Americans feel that this proposal flies in the face of our “ innocent until proven guilty ” ethos , and given that African - Americans are far more likely to be arrested than whites , critics refer to such genetic collection as creating “ Jim Crow ’s database . ”
In truth , however , this is an issue where both sides are partly right .
The president was correct in saying that we need a more robust DNA database , available to law enforcement in every state , to “ continue to tighten the grip around folks who have perpetrated these crimes . ”
But critics have a point that genetic police work , like the sampling of arrestees , is fraught with bias .
A better solution : to keep every American ’s DNA profile on file .
Your sensitive genetic information would be safe .
A DNA profile distills a person ’s complex genomic information down to a set of 26 numerical values , each characterizing the length of a certain repeated sequence of “ junk ” DNA that differs from person to person .
Although these genetic differences are biologically meaningless  they do n’t correlate with any observable characteristics  tabulating the number of repeats creates a unique identifier , a DNA “ fingerprint . ”
The genetic privacy risk from such profiling is virtually nil , because these records include none of the health and biological data present in one ’s genome as a whole .
Aside from the ability in some cases to determine whether two individuals are closely related , DNA profiles have nothing sensitive to disclose .
Exponential population growth is not inevitable , necessary , nor desirable
Rentner spielen Ego - Shooter Mach Tee , not war !
Eingeheizt haben die Rentner Irma , Gerlinde , Heinz und Ursel bisher wohl nur ihrem heimischen Kamin - doch heute sind die Taliban - Kämpfer an der Reihe .
Für das Jugendmagazin " Spiesser " testen die Rentner ein Ego - Shooter - Spiel und fremdeln heftig mit der kriegerischen Materie .
Tom Hicks was overseas last week when the news broke that the Dallas Stars would potentially be up for sale this summer , and he met with the media in his office today to give his side of the story .
There have been multiple reports on this meeting tonight , including a very lengthy story on ESPN.com , so I 'm going to do my best to round up the most important news that came out today .
Before I get to the tidbits from Hicks and team president Jeff Cogen , I 'd like to share a few personal thoughts on Tom Hicks as the owner of the Dallas Stars .
This is an owner who allowed his general managers the freedom to make the moves they needed to make in order to build the team .
Big trades , free spending in free agency ; anything in order to maintain the Stars as competitive as possible .
Yet a number of free agent blunders hurt the team financially , and the final straw seemed to come with the failure that was the Sean Avery contract .
Hicks Sports Group is a company that , led by Tom Hicks , tried to do too much at once .
And while they have tried to maintain that the Rangers and Stars are separate entities , it 's become very clear lately that HSG 's financial issues are far reaching and are affecting all aspects of their operations .
And during this time , Hicks has come across as stubborn and unwilling to admit when the issues were at their worst ; this is most evidenced by reports that Hicks was dragging his feet in the sale of the Texas Rangers .
Stars fans have not had much to complain about during Tom Hicks ' time as the team 's owner , but now they are starting to feel the anger that many Rangers fans have had over the past several years .
And when you start to analyze what Hicks said today in his office , that frustration will grow even more .
First off , let 's get some of the facts out of the way .
These are the bullet points emphasized by Hicks to the media , and ESPN.com runs them down .
Hicks lent $ 85 million of his money to Hicks Sports Group , which owns the Stars and Texas Rangers , over a two - year period that ended March 31 , 2009 , when HSG defaulted on $ 525 million in loans .
A sale of the Stars could be completed within six months , and the team has an agreement with American Airlines Center that prevents it from being moved .
The Stars will reduce ticket prices next season for lower - bowl seats between the blue lines .
The team can be successful under its current budget , and fans should n't expect a new owner to increase the payroll .
The big news out of all of this is that Hicks himself loaned money to HSG .
Now , I am not going to pretend to be a financial mastermind here ( I am just a blogger ) , but it seems that if you are pouring $ 85 MILLION of your own money into company then there would come a point that your realize the current model was not working .
Perhaps at that point the failure was inevitable and Hicks ' money was a last - ditch effort to slow the bleeding .
The other interesting news out today 's meeting was Hicks ' statements regarding the team 's budget and payroll .
Since there are no actual quotes from Hicks on this , we 'll take a look at what both Heika and ESPN had to say :
ESPN :
Hicks said what the hockey team is spending now -- about $ 50 million in terms of the salary cap hit ( about $ 45 million in cash ) -- is likely to be the average in the NHL in a few years .
Hicks said the team is losing money at that budget because revenues , including ticket sales and suites , have dropped .
He said teams " south of Pennsylvania " have figured out that if they spend to the $ 56.8 million salary cap , they will lose money .
Five Sunbelt teams ( Los Angeles , Anaheim , San Jose , Florida and Carolina ) are spending at least $ 54.5 million in salary cap money this season .
Hicks said a new owner will discover the same thing and , therefore , is n't likely to increase spending .
Heika :
He said the model for spending in the NHL is broken and that the economy simply will not carry a $ 56 million payroll for teams in the south ( the NHL salary cap is $ 56.8 million ) and that he fully expects Sunbelt teams to follow suit .
This season , Carolina , Anaheim , Florida and San Jose all have cap hits above $ 55 million .
The Stars ' cap hit is $ 49.9 million ( including bonuses , some of which will not get paid ) .
Ok then .
Let 's try to make sense of all that .
Basically , Hicks is saying that the Dallas Stars cannot afford to spend up to the $ 56 million cap and instead of using two potentially disappointing seasons in a row as a reason he instead uses the " southern teams cannot be successful " excuse .
That 's a fairly serious statement , coming from the owner of a franchise that has been the model for the success of ice hockey in the south .
Currently , there are 26 teams in the NHL spending more than the Dallas Stars .
There are just 14 teams in the NHL with more points than the Stars .
So , on first glance , it would appear that spending freely does not automatically equal on - ice success .
Obviously the key for any sports franchise is to not only win and be successful , but to make a profit while doing so .
If that franchise can maintain an even margin then at least they wo n't find themselves in dire straits and forced to slash payroll in order to make ends meet .
It 's the never ending battle in sports ; be successful and make money , or spend money to be successful .
Tom Hicks learned the hard way with the Texas Rangers that just because you spend as much as you possibly can , that does n't mean you 'll automatically have success with the actual product .
Just as in any business venture , you must find the personnel to make the right decisions with the money you actually have to spend .
Hicks did not have that general manager with the Rangers until Jon Daniels came along , and he had a general manager in Doug Armstrong that did nearly everything wrong with the Dallas Stars .
We can argue the merits of financially successful hockey in the South another day , but here is what I see : the Dallas Stars franchise was always near the top of the NHL in generated revenue , yet now the team in bottom five in overall spending .
It 's the chicken or the egg theory all over again ; does the success breed revenue or does the big spending breed success ?
Hicks stated that the Stars , as they are currently assembled and with their current payroll , are losing money and he 's eating those monetary losses permanently .
Not Hicks Sports Group .
So you can immediately see where the strict financial restrictions are coming from .
He also says that just because the Stars get sold to a new owner , that fans should expect to start spending again :
" If he goes to the cap , it will all come out of his pocket , " Hicks said .
" We are losing money where we are now .
It 's not something to infer to the fans that once we get a flush owner we 're going back to the cap .
The only reason a guy would do that is because he wanted to win so bad he was uneconomical .
I 've done that .
I know how that works . "
So which is it ?
Are the Stars in facing serious financial issues solely because hockey no longer makes money in Dallas like it once did ?
Or has revenue slowly fallen over the years because the on-ice product has steadily diminished to the point where the team is threatening to not make the playoffs in two straight seasons for the first time since coming to Dallas ?
Can we blame poor free agency signings and overspending on aging veterans as a reason that the revenue has dropped while the payroll was so high for so long ?
Perhaps a number of absolutely horrible decisions made by the front office can be blamed for this situation , rather than laying the blame on hockey not being as successful " south of Pennsylvania . "
The reality : Do n't expect the team to be able to do ' whatever it takes ' to make the Stars more competitive and burst into the playoffs .
If the Stars are bleeding money right now , $ 7 million under the salary cap , then do n't expect any trades or signings to be made that adds any sort of extra salary to the roster .
That means no big defensemen , without parting with key pieces .
That also could spell trades that involve players with inflated contracts .
Hicks said the Stars were No. 1 in the NHL in total revenue in 2002 , with Colorado No. 2 .
He said the Stars are now No. 19 with Colorado right behind them .
Cogen added that after the club went to the Western Conference Finals in 2008 , the team sold 2,000 more season tickets .
But when the Stars missed the playoffs in 2009 , they were only able to retain 25 percent of those sales .
" We believe the team plays better in a full building , " Cogen said .
" Our No. 1 job is to be playing games in May and June , and that 's what we 're focused on . "
What the above statements say to me is that the Dallas Stars are close to being in official ' rebuilding mode ' .
Not exactly rebuilding when it comes to the on-ice personnel , but a restructuring of the entire franchise in an effort to recoup the losses and find a way to get back to being competitive without spending up to the salary cap .
The Stars are having to cut ticket prices just to get bodies into American Airlines Center , which in itself forces the team to cut their payroll .
It 's a valley in the ups and downs of sports franchise , and the key is to be able to rebuild the team and come out on the other side as soon as possible .
Some teams are never able to find a way to climb the slope back to being a top competitor , and money has a lot to do with it .
Mark Stepneski , as he always does , breaks down the situation very simply :
A decade later , they have n’t done much in the playoffs other than one run in 2008 and they are no longer a hot ticket in town .
They are back to No. 4 among the four pro teams in the market .
Throw in the economy , and it gets a little tougher .
Start looking ahead , and the next TV deal may not be so lucrative .
Spending has to reflect the reality of the revenues coming in , and that ’s where they are .
So how do the Stars rebuild without spending money ?
Nieuwendyk wants a team with the likes of Jamie Benn , Stephane Robidas , Loui Eriksson and James Neal steadily improving and becoming the foundation of future success .
He 'll then add pieces where he can , much like [ Jon ] Daniels has tried to do with the Rangers .
" You have to draft well , develop on your own and move forward that way , " Nieuwendyk said .
" I think we can be competitive that way . "
The Texas Rangers are an interesting comparison .
They 've drastically cut payroll the past few years , are hesitant and unable to sign any top free agents , yet they are their most competitive in over a decade .
The Rangers also have a strong nucleus of players that should make the Rangers competitive for years to come .
This is the model the Stars will have to follow , and it 's going to mean a bit slower climb back to the top than most fans would hope for .
It 's going to mean trading away some of your top , expensive players for a bevy of young talent , prospects and draft picks .
It 's going to mean rebuilding the team from the bottom up , using smart and crafty acquisitions to build around a strong nucleus of talent that the Stars already have .
Yet the big name , expensive additions that most fans are convinced this team needs to automatically take the next step most likely will not happen .
Dallas Stars fans should be incredibly excited about the future of this team and the franchise .
The young , raw talent on this team is at a level not seen in a long , long time .
Fans must accept the fact that for the immediate future , this team will not be able to spend the money many feel is necessary to be competitive once more .
Instead , expect a number of calculated moves that are made to not only better this team in the immediate future , but next season as well .
While the Stars certainly are nowhere near the point of looking ahead and scrapping the current season , all signs are pointing to a total lockdown until a sale is made .
And Tom Hicks can lay claim that a ownership change will do nothing for the team 's finances as much as he wants , but the truth that any change at this point will be welcome .
Until said change is made , however , the Dallas Stars are handcuffed by an owner who refuses to accept any blame for the current situation .
He has no personal monetary stake in this franchise ( he was sure to point out that Tom Hicks is doing just fine financially ) , nor have his decisions as an owner done any ill towards the Dallas Stars , Texas Rangers or Liverpool .
`` We were hopeful to be quietly doing this , '' [ Hicks ] said .
`` I do n't know what direction it 's going to go .
I do n't know if I 'm going to be involved ( as part of the future ownership group ) , I do n't know if my children will be involved .
We 're going see what happens and our advisors will start looking at all of the options .
Hockey has a smaller universe of interested investors certainly than baseball has , so our advisors will be trying to find the most interest they can find . ''
Quiet indeed .
Let 's not let anyone in on the fact that grossly mismanaged sports franchises but a big business into default of over $ 500 million in loans .
Tom Hicks will sell the Dallas Stars and move on , and fans will be left with a franchise that will spend several years recovering .
The Stars are n't going to turn back into top Stanley Cup contenders overnight , nor with the fans start spending the money on tickets and merchandise like they did five years ago as soon as new owner takes over .
It 's going to be a long process , but the good news is that the future is bright .
We do have something to look forward to , the season and beyond .
Epilogue
Jeff Cogen confirmed what I 've been saying the past week : the Dallas Stars are not going anywhere .
`` The Dallas Stars are n't going anywhere , '' team president Jeff Cogen said .
``We are in the fourth largest market in the country , we are the pride of the NHL Sunbelt , and still are in spite the present state .
We have a non-location agreement with American Airlines Center , and we 're not going anywhere .
I just want to get that on the record . ''
" Fourth largest market " .
Well , that hurts to hear .
Fourth largest market , 19th in revenue and 27th in spending .
Must be the south 's fault .
Anyways , the key is the agreement with the AAC .
Gay military rights advocate Lt. Dan Choi has been called back into drill duty , he told The Advocate in a phone interview Tuesday .
Photographer Jeff Sheng , who recently turned his lens on active gay and lesbian service members for a book about " do n't ask , do n't tell , " originally reported the news on Bilerico.com .
Choi was scheduled to appear at the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force 's Creating Change conference over the weekend but instead rejoined his unit .
Choi said his commander called him personally , asking him to return .
Choi told The Advocate that he felt welcomed back by his fellow
guardsmen in his infantry unit .
" Initially , I sensed a feeling of territorialism , " he said .
" They were
like , ' That 's right , he came back to us ! ' "
Even though Choi faced an Army National Guard committee in June — the board recommended he be discharged under " do n't ask , do n't tell " — his commanding officer was highly supportive of the Arabic translator and West Point graduate .
" The paperwork has been floating around in the
Pentagon very slowly , " Choi said .
" Usually people wait six or seven days
for their discharge .
Meanwhile I 'm waiting for months to hear back . "
Since his hearing in June , Choi has n't been able to perform drills with his unit — he said he 's been substituting by doing those routines on the side .
He has not been discharged , however .
Now that he is back , he has been spending time " shooting rifles and doing all of the regular drill exercises . "
" It felt good to just put away a lot of the past year , " he said , also comparing his return to that of a Thanksgiving gathering .
" Obviously there were soldiers following everything I was doing , or there were others who did n't have a clue . "
The trailer for After .
Life .
After a horrific car accident , Anna ( Christina Ricci ) wakes up to find the local funeral director Eliot Deacon ( Liam Neeson ) preparing her body for her funeral .
Confused , terrified , and feeling still very much alive , Anna doesnt believe shes dead , despite the funeral director 's reassurances that she is merely in transition to the afterlife .
Eliot convinces her he has the ability to communicate with the dead and is the only one who can help her .
Trapped inside the funeral home , with nobody to turn to except Eliot , Anna is forced to face her deepest fears and accept her own death .
But Anna 's grief - stricken boyfriend Paul ( Justin Long ) still can't shake the nagging suspicion that Eliot isnt what he appears to be .
As the funeral nears , Paul gets closer to unlocking the disturbing truth , but it could be too late ; Anna may have already begun to cross over to the other side .
Bill Erwin was born on December 2 , 1914 in Honey Grove , Texas , USA as William Lindsey Erwin .
He was an actor , known for Ein tödlicher Traum ( 1980 ) , Ein Ticket für zwei ( 1987 ) and Kevin - Allein zu Haus ( 1990 ) .
He was married to Lucy Frances MacLachlan .
He died on December 29 , 2010 in Studio City , Los Angeles , California , USA .
Alex Chalupka - Originally from the Baltimore - Washington area , Alex is a huge Baltimore Ravens and Maryland Terrapins fan who currently resides in Little Rock , Arkansas .
He ’s also an Orioles fan and follows the NBA and other sports as objectively as possible .
He enjoys writing about all sports and is the founder / editor of the SportsGeeks.com .
- Follow him on Twitter here - Visit his personal website
Volvo has struggled to increase sales and has not made a profit since 2005 The Chinese car maker Geely has signed a deal to buy Volvo from US car giant Ford for $ 1.8 bn ( £ 1.2bn ) .
The agreement , which was first announced in December , is the biggest overseas purchase by a Chinese car manufacturer .
" Today represents a milestone for Geely , " the company 's chairman Li Shufu said .
Loss -making Volvo has been on the market since 2008 , when Ford put it and several other brands up for sale .
Jaguar and Land Rover in the UK have already been sold to India 's Tata Motors .
Ford hopes that the sale of Volvo will help it pay off its debts and focus on its core brands , following a dire period for the global car industry .
The deal represents a loss for Ford , however , having bought Volvo in 1999 for $ 6.5 bn .
Geely , China 's biggest independent car maker , has pledged to keep Volvo as a separate company with its headquarters remaining in Sweden .
GEELY Founded in 1986 Started as refrigerator parts supplier Employs 12,000 Production capacity of 300,000 cars a year
Profile : Geely Automobile
However , significant manufacturing is expected to take place in China , making Volvos for Chinese consumers .
Analysts view the deal as a good one for Volvo , which has struggled to grow sales and has not made a profit since 2005 .
That is in contrast to the Chinese market it will now have access to , which overtook the US last year as the world 's biggest car market .
More than 13 million vehicles were sold in China last year - both passenger and commercial - a rise of nearly 50 % on the previous year .
Geely says it expects annual sales in China to total 400,000 this year .
Its international sales are tiny by comparison , however , and the company is expected to benefit from the foothold in the European market that Volvo will give them .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON  President Obama and top Pentagon officials met repeatedly over the past year about repealing “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell , ” the law that bans openly gay members of the military .
But it was in Oval Office strategy sessions to review court cases challenging the ban  ones that could reach the Supreme Court  that Mr. Obama faced the fact that if he did not change the policy , his administration would be forced to defend publicly the constitutionality of a law he had long opposed .
As a participant recounted one of the sessions , Mr. Obama told Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates and Adm .
Mike Mullen , the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , that the law was “ just wrong . ”
Mr. Obama told them , the participant said , that he had delayed acting on repeal because the military was stretched in two wars and he did not want another polarizing debate in 2009 to distract from his health care fight .
But in 2010 , he told them , this would be a priority .
He got no objections .
On Tuesday , in the first Congressional hearing on the issue in 17 years , Mr. Gates and Admiral Mullen will unveil the Pentagon ’s initial plans for carrying out a repeal , which requires an act of Congress .
Gay rights leaders say they expect Mr. Gates to announce in the interim that the Defense Department will not take action to discharge service members whose sexual orientation is revealed by third parties or jilted partners , one of the most onerous aspects of the law .
Pentagon officials had no comment .
Andrée Peel , a highly decorated French resistance figure who helped save dozens of American and British airmen shot down over France during World War II , died on March 5 in the English village of Long Ashton , outside Bristol .
She was 105 .
Her death was announced by the Lampton House nursing home , where she had been living , The Associated Press said .
When France fell to Germany in the spring of 1940 , Andrée Virot , the daughter of a civil engineer and a native of Brittany , was running a beauty salon in the Breton port of Brest .
She joined the resistance movement when German troops occupied Brest , and she began circulating an underground newspaper .
Code - named Agent Rose , she soon became a key resistance figure in Brittany .
She fed information to the Allies on German shipping and troop movements and on the results of Allied bombing in the region .
She also guided British planes carrying intelligence agents to nighttime landings at secret airstrips marked by torchlight .
And I thought * I* was having a bad day ...!
Reply
Thread
Link
I do n't know whose house that is , but I think which insurance company to use is probably the least of their concerns .
They also may want to consider playing the lottery with those stellar odds .
Reply
Thread
Link
I was initially surprised to see " explosions " included in the myriad of mayhem you need insurance against .
Then I recalled my family 's preoccupation with volatile substances and pyromania ..
Reply
Thread
Link
Hey , my cousin 's house blew up .
No lie .
Propane leak .
Luckily they were all out at Walmart , of all places ( typical of them ) , looking at patio furniture .
Got home and the house was just ... gone .
( The place is in the upper peninsula of Michigan , off by itself a bit . )
It 's sort of funny , in a horrible , ghastly way .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
And was n't * that * a bad day ?
But luckily , the explosion killed the burglar , so that was one less thing to worry about .
Reply
Thread
Link
Who breaks into a house to vandalize the inside ?
Well , maybe it's not that odd but that struck me as weird .
That explosion room cracks me up .
Reply
Thread
Link
You'd be surprised .
At least a couple of times a year there 's a news story in Chicago about exactly that sort of thing .
Mostly perpetrated by a group of bored mischievous kids breaking into some well - to - do rich folks suburban home while they 're off on holiday and forget to set the alarm .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
" Fire on Contents "
I love that band ...
Reply
Thread
Link
i'm glad i was n't the only one who found that wording strange .
" oh no ! i've got fire all over my contents !
i hope my insurance covers that . "
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Oh my word ... I would kill to have an original of one of these .
I 'd have it framed .
( I know I say that a lot , but I actually DO have some vintage ads framed ... and I want more ! )
Reply
Thread
Link
The burglar looks like he came across something stinky .
Reply
Thread
Link
I was just thinking that I found the vandal rather attractive !
Do you think he'd let me be his biker 's moll / old lady ?
I could wear tight pedal pushers and a chiffon scarf around my neck .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Watch out for the scarf and the wheels , like Isadora Duncan and her scarf that got caught in the steering wheel ! ;)
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
In college , three out of four of those things happening inside the house we rented was known as " Friday night . "
Reply
Thread
Link
FALL TV 2020 : Pluto TV and Tubi Founders on Early VC Disinterest : ' All They Watched Was " Game of Thrones " '
Speaking at Future 's Virtual Streaming TV Summit , Farhad Moussoudi and Tim Ryan recall a not - so - distant past in which media - tech investors were more than medium cool to AVOD
March 4th , 2010 by Jeff Simmermon
My friend ’s cousin …
Wait a second .
You know this is going to be good , when it starts with “ My friend ’s cousin . ”
My friend ’s cousin is a teacher at a charter school in Washington , D.C.
She found this on the floor of a 3rd grade classroom and recognized it for the gold mine that it is — scanned it into a fax - to - PDF scanner immediately .
See most of the whole , exhaustive list after the jump .
You ’ll notice that according to this taxonomy , there are 90 types of bitches .
However , there ’s a page missing , so we are left to guess what bitch types 44 - 58 are .
If you have any ideas , please do leave them in the comments .
I think it ’s possible to be multiple types of bitch at once .
I ’ve met a number of people who are a combination of 5 , 12 , and 85 - 90 .
One could also evolve into and out of various categories as well .
As one friend of mine said “ I used to be # 33 , but now that I ’ve grown up a little and my priorities have changed , I am solidly # 37 . ”
Feel free to let me know which type you are in the comments as well — or even chart your trajectory through the list .
This list is fairly neatly written .
Spelling and troubled penmanship aside , there are no cross-outs , crumples , stains , etc .
This looks like something that was written , maybe as a part of a group , and then placed onto the official record that we see here .
I like thinking about an excited group of kids sitting around and charting out all the different types of bitches they can think of and then carefully writing them down onto a master list .
And it was found in a 3rd grade classroom !
Either the child who left this behind borrowed this from a much more sophisticated older sibling / cousin , or kids in inner-city D.C. grow up even faster than I thought .
Or both .
Anyway , here ’s the list .
You can see the whole set on Flickr here .
** And now that this thing has officially gotten out of control , there ’s a followup : Bitches Lost their Minds **
I ’ve transcribed the list below for Google and folks who are visually impaired but nevertheless want to know about all the types of bitches .
Types of Bitches
1 ) Dirty dumb ass bitches
2 ) Aint got no ass bitches
3 ) Dusty trick bitches
4 ) Fishy bitches
5 ) Do n’t know how to fight bitches
6 ) Got all that mouth but ca n’t step bitches
7 ) Ugly looking bitch that think they all that
Ca n’t keep a man bitch
9 ) Track wearing bitches
10 ) Bitches that be trying to steal your man
11 ) Hoochie looking bitches
12 ) Ain’t got no damn sense bitches
13 ) Stupid bitches that act dumb
14 ) Bitches who can only get a dirty boy
15 ) Want to be jocking bitches
16 ) Bitches who think their man love them but get pregnant and be left alone
17 ) Bitches who think they better than me
18 ) Instigating bitches
19 ) Talking behind your back bitches
20 ) Loud mouth bitches
21 ) Pissy bitches
22 ) Stingy bitches
23 ) Funky looking bitches
24 ) Short hair bitches
25 ) Spanish bitches who think they all that cause of their hair
26 ) Bitches that be ignoring you when they know they can hear you
27 ) Staring in your face bitches
28 ) Big eyed looking bitches
29 ) Crazy bitches
30 ) Nappy tender headed bitches
31 ) Booty shorts wearing bitches
32 ) Coast - signing bitches
33 ) Dick riding bitches
34 ) Whipped bitches
35 ) Buck tooth bitches
36 ) Cheesy teeth bitches
37 ) Same wearing clothes each day bitches
38 ) Ghetto bitches
39 ) Hair dyeing bitches
40 ) Wearing shoes that be talking bitches
41 ) Bitches who think they hard
42 ) Bitches that think they get money
43 ) Bitches that go to a dirty school
44 ) ( page missing )
45 ) ( page missing )
46 ) ( page missing )
47 ) ( page missing )
48 ) ( page missing )
49 ) ( page missing )
50 ) ( page missing )
51 ) ( page missing )
52 ) ( page missing )
53 ) ( page missing )
54 ) ( page missing )
55 ) ( page missing )
56 ) ( page missing )
57 ) ( page missing )
58 ) ( page missing )
59 ) Gay bitches
60 ) Stanky fishy coochie smelling bitches
61 ) Tomboy bitches
62 ) Stain on your pants bitches
63 ) Dry scalp dandruff bitches
64 ) Dirty hair bitches
65 ) Stealing bitches
66 ) Stinky feet bitches
67 ) Big gap bitches
68 ) Protecting their store bitches
69 ) Pajamas outside bitches
70 ) Ragly braid bitches
71 ) Stanky butt bitches
72 ) Greedy bitches
73 ) Slimy grimy bitches
74 ) Psycho bitches
75 ) Drug dealing bitches
76 ) Geekin ’ bitches
77 ) Suntanning bitches
78 ) Goofy looking bitches
79 ) Triflin ’ bitches
80 ) Skanky bitches
81 ) Mugging bitches
82 ) Sloppy bitches
83 ) Dirty fingernails bitches
84 ) Dirty sock wearing bitches
85 ) Uncreative bitches
86 ) White bitches that think black people poor
87 ) Conceited bitches
88 ) Tall bitches
89 ) Short bitches
90 ) Jealous bitches
Introduction
I 've been a journalist / reviewer in the 3D graphics industry for over a decade .
I can still remember walking through Fry's Electronics and seeing Western Digital 's Paradise Tasmania 3D and actually getting excited about the Yamaha - powered graphics chip .
Chris Angelini , the managing editor of Tom's Hardware US , and I go way back , with our first jobs in online journalism traced back to 3DGaming .com more than a decade ago .
Source : tga3dx.com
Having been there from the beginning , I 've seen the rise and fall of countless graphics manufacturers : S3 , 3DLabs , Rendition , 3dfx , as well as board manufacturers like Orchid , STB , Hercules , the original Diamond , and Canopus .
But as wild and crazy as the last decade was for visual computing , the next decade is going to be even more exciting , not only in what technology will offer to consumers , but in the upcoming arms race in visual computing .
Source : wikipedia.org
A lot has been said about the impending death of the dedicated GPU .
If you look at the history of dedicated upgrade products for consumer PC technology , they all eventually reach the point of diminishing returns and then integration .
However , while it is inevitable that the dedicated GPU will eventually disappear , it ’s not going to happen in the next decade .
Integration of computer technology only happens after the evolutionary process of reaching the point of diminishing returns on quality and performance is reached .
We can see evidence of this with sound cards , video processing , and even monitors .
What follows is a discussion on the future of 3D graphics .
Is the GPU on its death bed ?
Will AMD , Intel , and Nvidia continue to be relevant ?
This is purely an opinion piece , but it is based on more than a decade of experience .
Disclosure : per FTC guidelines , I am required to disclose any potential conflicts of interest .
I own no shares of any company discussed in this editorial .
Additionally , although I have received free engineering samples from AMD , Intel , and Nvidia in the past for editorial purposes , I have not received any products from these companies in the last year .
35 Clever and Creative Billboard Advertising
Advertisement
Marketing agencies hired for creating unique outdoor Billboard in high traffic areas such as occupy roads .
It is best way of targeting the audience and promoting your product in public .
Here are 35 Examples of clever and Creative Billboard Designs .
A Southend Jedi Knight who refused to dehood in his local Jobcentre was escorted from the premises by security stormtroopers , the Sun reports .
Chris Jarvis , 31 , is described as a Star Wars fan and member of the International Church of Jediism .
Said church 's intergalactic hoodie uniform is at odds with the strict doctrine of the Department for Work and Pensions , which may require Jobcentre " customers " to remove crash helmets or hoods for " security reasons " .
Following his ejection , Jarvis filled out a complaint form and within three days got a written apology from branch boss Wendy Flewers .
She said : " We are committed to provide a customer service which embraces diversity and respects customers ' religion . "
Jediism was officially " recognised " as a religion back in 2001 .
At the time , no one could have suspected the potential pitfalls of acknowledging this apparently harmless sect , but Jedi hoods may now join burqas on the list of possible threats to national security .
Regarding burqas and the like , Jarvis protested : " I was just standing up for my beliefs .
Muslims can walk around in whatever religious gear they like , so why can't I ? "
Fair enough , but here 's a handy suggestion for avoiding aggro : the next time you 're confronted by security operatives , just dismiss them with a wave of the hand and a " this is not the hoodie you 're looking for " and go about your job hunting in peace . ®
Like Pokémon Platinum , Heart Gold & Soul Silver have special details implemented within the game if you send certain Pokémon over .
With this Pokémon , the Movie 12 Arceus ( and other subsequent Arceus from various events around the world ) , you get new aspects in both Platinum and Heart Gold & Soul Silver .
The special feature in this game for Arceus is much more elaborate than the Platinum one .
If you trade Arceus over to Heart Gold & Soul Silver from Diamond , Pearl or Platinum and take the Arceus with you to the Ruins of Alph to later activate the special Sinjoh Ruins , you will meet up with Cynthia , the former Champion of the Sinnoh Region .
Caffe Boa and Boa Bistro have touched a nerve with their plans to serve a rabbit - based menu on Easter Sunday .
Easter dining at Caffe Boa and Caffe Boa Bistro When : April 4 . Brunch , 11 a.m.-3 p.m. Dinner , 11 a.m.-10 p.m.
Where : Caffe Boa , 398 S. Mill Ave. , Tempe . Caffe Boa Bistro , 2837 N. Power Road , Mesa .
Admission : Brunch is served a la carte , prices range from $ 9 - $ 12 .
Plus $ 19.95 for bottomless mimosas .
Dinner costs $ 65 .
Details : 480-968-9112 , cafeboa.com .
480-981-2000 , boabistro.com .
" People just do n't realize what wonderful pets rabbits are , " said Doreen O'Connell , a volunteer at Brambly Hedge Rabbit Rescue in Phoenix .
" They 're just the sweetest pets , so good - natured and funny and loving .
And like any pet owner , when you see that on a menu you think how could somebody take my sweet pet and slaughter it and eat it ? "
Executive chef Payton Curry , who planned the menu , said they had received more than 100 e-mails and messages about their plans .
Last night , he said , the messages were running about 80 - 20 against the menu .
By this afternoon , though , it had more or less evened out .
Feelings were running high .
One anonymous caller , Curry said , wished him a slow and painful death and told him he would end up in hell , then hung up .
" I try to unlearn people like that , " Curry said .
In a press statement released Tuesday morning , Curry and Caffe Boa owners Jay and Christine Wisniewski stressed that the rabbits they serve are not domesticated bunnies .
" They are all - natural , free - range rabbits raised in humane conditions . . . , " they wrote .
O'Connell , though , thinks they are not that different from her house pets .
" I think ( Wisniewski and Curry ) underestimate the number of people who have pet rabbits , " O'Connell said .
Curry notes that rabbit has long been a staple ingredient of European diets and has become something of a dining trend in the United States .
A story in the New York Times documented the growing popularity of rabbit dishes in upscale restaurants across the country , and a workshop Curry held on the preparation of rabbit on March 21 was sold out .
Curry said the rabbit being served in the restaurant is no different than chicken , duck , lamb , pork or beef currently on their menu and that he and Wisniewski get many requests from their guests for more rabbit dishes .
Their holiday menu , Curry said , was simply a way to respond to that demand .
" I did n't do this to create a stir or insult or offend anyone , " Curry said .
" I grew up in Minnesota eating squirrel with my grandfather .
To me , it 's just food .
I do n't see what the big deal is . "
Curry talked about how he works regularly with farm animals and only buys from farms where they 're raised humanely .
Just last week , he said , he personally helped a cow in distress .
" I do n't just sit around thinking about how to slaughter and eat everything , " he said .
" These rabbits ( we use ) are wild .
They need to be out on a farm , running around and not penned up in someone 's backyard pen or apartment . "
Curry and Wisniewski recognize that a rabbit - based menu is not to everyone 's taste .
" We are doing something different , I know , " Curry said .
" It 's making a few people upset , but we 're bringing awareness to a lot of people who had no idea they could get this sort of cuisine in Tempe .
I think it will be great for the dining scene . "
The planned Easter dinners will consist of :
• Carrot soup with crispy rabbit confit .
• Rabbit - liver mousse crostini , fines herbes salad , quince mostarda , horseradish crème fraiche .
• Rabbit terrine with black truffle , celery root and parsnip slaw , black - pepper buttermilk vinaigrette , brioche .
• Ravioli of rabbit , local beet pasta , arugula - walnut pesto , local radish slaw .
• Prosciutto - wrapped rabbit leg , white - truffle omelet , braised black - eyed peas .
• Carrot cake .
An alternative menu is available for children , and both restaurants offer other choices on their Easter brunch menus .
The six - course dinner is $ 65 .
Reservations are required .
For more information on rabbit rescue , go to : bhrabbitrescue.org .
Insurer spent nearly $ 9.5 million lobbying against health reforms ; CEO ’s annual salary tops $ 10 million
It ’s an issue that strikes at the core of America ’s health reform debate :
How much should one have to pay to ensure their health care needs are met ?
Now take that price and inflate it by up to 39 percent — just to get a feel for what it is like to be one of roughly 800,000 Anthem Blue Cross customers in California who hold individual policies .
ADVERTISEMENT
The company said its dramatic rate hike would take effect on March 1 .
State regulators almost immediately promised to investigate the increase .
Then , on Monday , the Obama administration got involved .
In a letter faxed to Anthem Blue Cross , US Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius called for the insurer to publicly explain why it raised premiums .
“ With so many families already affected by rising costs , I was very disturbed to learn through media accounts that Anthem Blue Cross plans to raise premiums for its California customers by as much as 39 percent , ” or 15 times faster than inflation , Sebelius wrote .
The rate hikes were “ even more difficult to understand ” in the light of soaring profits at Anthem Blue Cross ’s parent company , WellPoint Incorporated , Sebelius said .
ADVERTISEMENT
WellPoint earned 2.7 billion dollars in the last quarter of 2009 , she said , calling on the insurance company to “ provide a detailed justification ” for the increase .
Additionally , WellPoint CEO
Angela Braly earns an annual salary of nearly $ 10 million and held nearly $ 2 million in stock options at the end of 2008 .
Additionally , WellPoint spent nearly $ 9.5 million on lobbying against health reforms in 2009 , labor advocate group AFL - CIO noted in a recent release .
“ As we continue the health insurance reform debate in Washington , this announcement reminds us that too many Americans can be left with unaffordable insurance each time the rates or rules change in the private market , ” Sebelius said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Last month , plans to reform the US health care system hit a wall when the election of a Republican to the Senate Massachusetts seat long held by Ted Kennedy robbed the Democrats of their 60 - vote supermajority in the Senate .
President Obama vowed during his campaign for the White House to reform health care and make coverage accessible to the 47 million Americans who currently do not have any , and to make coverage less of a financial drain on US workers .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We understand and strongly share our members ’ concerns over the rising cost of healthcare services and the corresponding adverse impact on insurance premiums , ” the company said in a statement noted by The Los Angeles Times .
“ Unfortunately , the individual market premiums are merely the symptoms of a larger underlying problem in California ’s individual market — rising healthcare costs . ”
In a Monday response to Sebilius ’s letter , the insurer seemed to echo the oft - repeated Republican talking point that Obama ’s proposed health reforms must be scrapped and begun anew .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We regret the impact this has on our members , ” the company said , according to The Washington Post .
“ It highlights why we need sustainable health care reform to manage the steadily rising costs of hospitals , drugs and doctors .
As such , it is important to go back to the beginning and get health care reform done right . ”
President Obama has said he does not want to start from scratch on his package of health reforms and plans to hold a televised health summit with Republicans on Feb. 25 .
A recent Harvard study published by the American Journal of Public Health found that over 45,000 Americans die every year for lack of health insurance — more than the number of Americans killed by kidney disease .
Sebelius ’s full letter follows .
####
February 8 , 2010 Leslie Margolin
President , Anthem Blue Cross
Delivered Via Fax Dear Ms. Margolin ,
One of the biggest pressures facing families , businesses and governments at every level are skyrocketing health insurance costs .
With so many families already affected by rising costs , I was very disturbed to learn through media accounts that Anthem Blue Cross plans to raise premiums for its California customers by as much as 39 percent .
These extraordinary increases are up to 15 times faster than inflation and threaten to make health care unaffordable for hundreds of thousands of Californians , many of whom are already struggling to make ends meet in a difficult economy .
Your company ’s strong financial position makes these rate increases even more difficult to understand .
As you know , your parent company , WellPoint Incorporated , has seen its profits soar , earning $ 2.7 billion in the last quarter of 2009 alone .
I believe Anthem Blue Cross has a responsibility to provide a detailed justification for these rate increases to the public .
Additionally , you should make public information on the percent of your individual market premiums that is used for medical care versus the percent that is used for administrative costs .
Policy holders in the individual market deserve to know if their premium increases would be invested in better medical care or insurance company overhead costs like salaries , profits , and advertising .
I am aware that the State of California is investigating this matter , and urge Anthem Blue Cross to cooperate fully .
In the meantime , I will be closely monitoring the situation .
At a time when health care costs are a critical threat to families as well as the nation ’s economy , I hope you appreciate the urgent nature of this request .
I look forward to your prompt reply .
Sincerely , Kathleen Sebelius
Secretary of Health and Human Services
ADVERTISEMENT
With AFP
General Motors ' veteran product development expert Bob Lutz is to retire at the age of 78 , a surprise departure that continues the upheaval at the Detroit giant 's top level .
Lutz , vice - chairman of GM , has been an unofficial eminence grise through theturbulent path through bankruptcy and downsizing .
He goes at the beginning of May , reversing repeated recent declarations he had no intention of leaving .
" My work is done here , " Lutz wrote in an email to the Associated Press from Geneva , where he is attending the Swiss city 's motor show .
" The whole organisation , top to bottom , now has absolute product superiority as the highest objective which enables all others .
So I can retire in peace . "
GM 's brands include Chevrolet , Cadillac , Vauxhall , Opel and Buick .
Long regarded as America 's top carmaker , GM was overtaken by Ford in sales last month for the first time since 1998 .
Lutz has been a plain - speaking figure throughout his 47 years in the motor industry .
He has bucked GM 's official line by expressing scepticism about the commercial prospects for electric or hybrid vehicles .
In January , he predicted the internal combustion engine would reign supreme for at least a further decade , and that it would be " years and years " before alternatives make up even a tenth of the market .
In 2008 , he described global warming as " a total crock of shit " , although more recently he has helped develop the Chevrolet Volt , a potentially ground - breaking hybrid with a generator on board , and even showcased it on David Letterman 's US chatshow .
GM has had substantial turnoverat the top since emerging from chapter 11 bankruptcy in July .
Chairman Edward Whitacre , a former telecoms boss hand - picked by the Obama administration , took control in December , ousting chief executive Fritz Henderson after hehad been in the job a mere five months .
Whitacre paid tribute : " The influence Bob Lutz has had on GM 's commitment to design , build and sell the world 's best vehicles will last for years to come . "
( CNN ) --
The morning after St. Patrick 's Day , the D4 Irish Pub & Café in Chicago , Illinois , gets flooded with requests for Bloody Marys , a concoction of tomato juice , celery , vodka and hot sauce .
" People order Bloody Marys in the morning to get them back on the horse so they can start drinking again , " said Patrick Macellaio , who manages and bartends at the D4 .
" That 's the most popular hangover drink . "
To refresh your memory , a hangover includes symptoms of headache , fatigue , nausea and dizziness several hours after an episode of heavy drinking .
A hangover is really the symptoms of acute withdrawal , in which your body reacts to not having a drug in its system anymore , said Krista Medina , assistant professor of psychology at the University of Cincinnati .
Contrary to popular belief , drinking more while hung over is not going to make you feel better , doctors say .
In fact , the other home remedies you may turn to , such as greasy food , probably wo n't work , either .
Part of the reason there 's no good hangover remedy is that , although the phenomenon has probably been around since humans discovered alcohol , there 's no single scientifically proven reason for a hangover , although there are correlations with the various symptoms of the " Irish flu . "
" There probably wo n't be a known effective treatment until we understand the physiology better , " said Dr. Sharon Horesh Bergquist , assistant professor in the department of medicine at Emory University .
What is a hangover ?
One theory blames chemicals in some alcoholic drinks called congeners , said Dr. Samir Zakhari , director of the division of metabolism and health effects at the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism .
These congeners , which could be toxic , contribute to alcohol 's unique taste , but they can also interfere with cell function and leave some lasting physical marks .
A 2009 study from Brown University found that the darker the liquor , the more congeners it has , which could exacerbate headaches and other hangover symptoms .
A different theory contends that drinking causes dehydration because alcohol increases urine output .
Alcohol inhibits the release of an antidiuretic hormone , meaning the kidneys do n't conserve water as well , and you urinate more , Bergquist said .
After a long night of drinking , you may feel like taking a snooze , but alcohol may actually disrupt sleep patterns , Zakhari said .
You will not have as much rapid eye movement sleep , the state in which you dream , and you will have more time in deep sleep , research shows .
A shorter , poorer quality sleep may await you after a lot of drinking , adding to the hangover symptoms .
Alcohol may also irritate your stomach , prompting a condition called gastritis in which the stomach lining gets inflamed .
The related symptoms of vomiting and diarrhea also make you lose fluids and electrolytes , according to psychiatry professors Robert Swift and Dena Davidson , writing in the journal Alcohol Health and Research World .
There is also evidence that a hangover is a marker that you may be damaging your brain with alcohol , Medina said .
Research suggests that hangover symptoms are related to abnormalities in the brain 's white matter , which may occur in binge drinkers .
A lot of withdrawal from substances is related to poor cognitive and brain outcomes , she said .
Can food cure a hangover ?
Some people swear by a large meal after a night of drinking to digest that alcohol .
Different cultures have different hangover foods , from hearty , greasy diner fare to giant burritos and ethnic soups .
Jeanette Casey , bartender at the Playwright Celtic Pub in New York , recommends a " good Irish breakfast , " which involves bacon or sausage .
But eating greasy foods after a night of drinking probably wo n't make you feel better , Zakhari said .
" If a person wants to eat , that 's fine , " he said .
" They should do that during drinking or before drinking , not after .
Because if people eat after drinking , it might be too late . "
By the time you have a hangover , eating greasy fare wo n't have much of an effect in alleviating the symptoms , he said .
Bland foods , on the other hand , elevate your blood sugar and settle your stomach , according to the Mayo Clinic .
Stick to toast and crackers .
Why should n't you drink more alcohol ?
Bartenders such as Casey swear by the Bloody Mary as a hangover cure ; she 's not sure why it works , but it does in her experience .
A beer works , as it's also , as the adage goes , " the hair of the dog that bit you , " she said .
This belief that drinking more alcohol will alleviate the symptoms of too much drinking " does n't make sense , " Zakhari said .
" You already probably have done enough damage to the different parts of the body like the liver and heart , " he said .
" You do n't want to go back and put more alcohol on top of that . "
People believe that drinking is the right remedy because one of the symptoms of hangover is overstimulation of the brain , which makes you feel sensitive to light and sound , said Swift , psychiatrist at Brown University and the Providence VA Hospital .
More alcohol will sedate the brain again but can actually be harmful because it increases other negative symptoms such as dehydration .
Can supplements help ?
Small studies have shown that , if taken in very large amounts , vitamin B6 may reduce the symptoms of a hangover , Bergquist said .
Still , this research did not include many participants and is not definitive .
" There are anecdotes about these things without any evidence , " said Dr. James C. Garbutt , a professor of psychiatry in the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Medicine , who specializes in alcoholism treatment and research .
" Medical science does n't spend a lot of time treating hangovers .
We want to try to prevent them . "
Other supposed remedies include activated charcoal , which is supposed to absorb alcohol from the stomach but actually would n't work because the hangover occurs hours after drinking , Swift said .
" The most outlandish thing is that people who feel badly obviously want to feel better , so they 're willing to try untested remedies , " he said .
There , however , are some natural remedies that some doctors think merit further research , including prickly pear cactus extract and yeast - based preparations , according to the Mayo Clinic .
Some also believe that the borage plant yields a supplement that may help with headache , laziness and tiredness .
Bottom line : Drink water
Doctors do agree that water will help somewhat with hangover symptoms because , as noted above , dehydration is often a symptom .
Zakhari also recommends getting rest .
Medina noted that ibuprofen may help with headaches , and caffeine may help boost energy , but no treatments get at the underlying condition of hangover ; they only ease symptoms , she said .
Before you go out , aim to drink in moderation or not at all , experts say .
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano is under pressure to beef up border security in the Southwest in the wake of Saturday 's killing of a rancher in southeastern Arizona .
Three members of New Mexico 's congressional delegation have asked for an increase in the Border Patrol 's presence in the Boot Heel of New Mexico , about 10 miles from where the rancher was shot to death over the weekend .
U.S. Sens. Jeff Bingaman and Tom Udall , along with Rep. Harry Teague , say Napolitano 's agency needs to take more security steps .
And former Colorado Rep. Tom Tancredo , an outspoken opponent of illegal immigration , called on Napolitano to " reject politics and do the right thing " by dispatching the National Guard to the Arizona border .
Cochise County Sheriff 's
Office deputies and detectives responded to an area northeast of Douglas on Saturday after searchers found the body of 58 - year - old Robert Krentz inside his all terrain vehicle on his property .
Detectives were able to determine that Krentz apparently came upon one person when he was fatally shot and his dog was wounded .
Cochise County investigators said Monday that Krentz likely was killed by an illegal immigrant , but there 's no evidence to suggest there was any confrontation that led to the shooting .
Bingaman , Udall and Teague urged a forward operating station for the Border Patrol in the region .
Such outposts put agents closer to the international border .
Teague -- whose district includes the border area -- says a station in the Antelope Wells area would better protect people and property .
Tancredo , who attended a Tea Party event over the weekend in Arizona , blasted Napolitano for not doing more to secure the border .
“ As governor of Arizona , Napolitano deployed the National Guard to help the Border Patrol do its job …
Three days ago , Napolitano told an audience at Arizona State University that the border is more secure than ever , " Tancredo said Sunday through his Rocky Mountain Foundation .
" I challenge her -- no , I dare her -- to come to this community and try to sell that lie . ”
U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D - Ariz. , whose Congressional district covers the area , described the rancher as a pillar of the community who was recently inducted into the Arizona Farming and Ranching Hall of Fame .
" The cold - blooded killing of an Arizona rancher is a sad and sobering reminder of the threats to public safety that exist in our border communities , " Giffords said .
" It has not yet been determined who committed this atrocity or why , but I know that federal and local authorities are mobilizing every possible resource to locate and apprehend the assailant . "
Giffords said if Krentz 's killing is connected to drug cartels or smugglers , the federal government must respond appropriately .
" All options should be on the table , including sending more Border Patrol agents to the area and deploying the National Guard , " Giffords said .
Arizona Attorney General Terry Goddard said government has a clear responsibility to aid law enforcement resources at all levels along the border .
" I call on our federal and state governments to work together to bolster the law enforcement resources needed to better protect Arizonans living on the border , " Goddard said
U.S. Border Patrol spokesman Omar Candelaria told the The Arizona Daily Star that if Krentz 's killing was tied to such border crime , it would be a first for the area , to his recollection .
At a news conference Monday , Cochise County Sheriff Larry Dever said Krentz was out checking water line and fencing on the land Krentz 's family has ranched since 1907 .
Dever says Krentz had weapons with him in his all - terrain vehicle but did n't use them .
Investigators say Krentz apparently came upon one person when he was shot .
While Krentz was still in his vehicle , mortally wounded , he managed to drive the ATV away from the scene at a high rate of speed before becoming unconscious .
Sheriff 's deputies , U.S. Border Patrol trackers and Department of Corrections dog chase teams followed footsteps approximately 20 miles south to the Mexican border .
No suspects have been apprehended .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Click here for more on this story from MyFoxPhoenix.com
i do like some of this one .
that is all bye .
6 reasons to switch to a less processed way of eating .
By Elaine Magee , MPH , RD
WebMD Weight Loss Clinic - Feature
Reviewed by Louise Chang , MD
The more we learn about nutrition , the more it seems we should eat the way people did a hundred years ago .
Recent research appears to be pointing us in the direction of eating mostly " whole foods " - that is , foods that are as close to their natural form as possible .
This could mean eating :
Whole grains instead of refined grains whenever possible .
Fruits , vegetables , and beans instead of supplements to provide the fiber and vitamins they contain .
A skinless chicken breast cooked with healthful ingredients instead of chicken nuggets processed with added fats , flavorings , and preservatives .
A baked potato with chopped green onions and light sour cream instead of a bag of sour cream and onion potato chips .
Fresh berries with breakfast instead of raspberry toaster pastries or breakfast bars .
A blueberry smoothie made with blueberries , yogurt , and a frozen banana instead of a blue - colored slushy or icee .
Many health experts believe that eating more whole foods is our best bet for improving health and preventing disease .
Whole foods - like vegetables , fruits , whole grains , nuts , and legumes -- retain their fiber as well as the whole portfolio of beneficial phytochemicals and nutrients that are often removed in processed foods .
The idea of whole foods is catching on the popular imagination as well .
Consider the now ubiquitous Whole Foods Market grocery chain , which started in 1980 as one store in Austin , Texas .
Its mission was simple : " to provide a more natural alternative to what the food supply was typically offering at the time . "
Whole Foods is now the world 's leading retailer of natural and organic foods , with 184 stores in North America and the United Kingdom .
Their 2005 revenue was $ 4.7 billion , and they have 78 new stores in the development pipeline between now and 2009 .
Reasons to Eat Whole Foods
Here are six reasons we should eat more whole foods , according to nutrition experts :
Jump To -AVR Microcontrollers --megaAVR and tinyAVR --AVR and XMEGA --AVR UC3 - Tools -- Arduino -- Atmel Studio ( AVR - related ) -- Atmel Software Framework ( ASF ) and Atmel Start ( ASFv4 ) ( AVR - related ) -- Evaluation and Development Kits ( AVR - related ) -- In -System Debuggers and Programmers -- Compilers and General Programming - Learning and Information -- General Electronics -- Tutorials -- AVR Freaks Projects - Miscellaneous -- Marketplace Atmel SMART ARM - based MCUs - Atmel SMART ARM - based MCUs and MPUs -- Atmel Cortex - A MPUs -- Atmel Cortex - M MCUs -- Atmel ARM7 MCUs - Tools -- Evaluation and Development Kits ( ARM - related ) -- In -System Debuggers and Programmers ( ARM - related ) -- Atmel Studio ( ARM - related ) -- Atmel Software Framework ( ASF ) and Atmel Start ( ASFv4 ) ( ARM - related ) -- Compilers , Assemblers , Linkers and General Programming ( ARM - related ) - Operating Systems -- Linux -- Android -- WinCE --µC/OS -II - Real - Time Kernel Internet of Things - Wireless -- General Wireless Discussions -- 802.11 / Wi- Fi -- 802.15.4 / ZigBee -- Bluetooth - Security -- General Security Discussions Capacitive Touch - Capacitive Touch Solutions -- General Capacitive Touch Discussions
The actor : Beth Grant , whose Southern upbringing and naturally terse features have landed her more than 100 feature film and television roles , primarily playing flinty , comically uptight women .
A latecomer to movies after spending many years of studying drama and appearing in plays by Horton Foote and frequent collaborator Del Shores , Grant got her official start at age 38 , but she quickly established herself as one of film ’s most recognizable ( sour ) faces — although it took appearing in Donnie Darko as high - strung Sparkle Motion mom “ Kitty Farmer ” for her to truly arrive .
Grant ’s filmography also includes small but memorable roles in two Best Picture nominees ( Little Miss Sunshine , No Country For Old Men ) and stints working with directors ranging from the Coen brothers to Clint Eastwood to Michael Bay .
More recently , she ’s branched out into producing with the low - budget independent film Herpes Boy , in which she co-stars with her husband , actor Michael Chieffo .
She can currently be seen in Crazy Heart .
Advertisement
Rain Man ( 1988 ) — “ Mother At Farm House ”
Beth Grant : I had a very hard time accepting myself as a character actress , because I wanted to be glamorous and a leading lady like everybody else .
I looked in the mirror and thought I looked pretty good , but casting did n’t ever see me that way .
I was the pioneer woman , or whatever .
I had this great teacher , Milton Katselas , who was this loud Greek who had directed Bette Davis and Liv Ullmann , and brought Edward Albee to this country .
He said , “ Why do you keep trying to be a Rolex watch when you ’re the salt of the earth ? ”
Except he said it much louder .
Then he said , “ Who are you to look down your nose at Anna Magnani and Maureen Stapleton ?
Who do you think you are ? ”
I was doing this kooky meditation at the time called inner - guide meditation , where you go into a cave and you have a guide , and you fly around .
So I said to my inner guide , “ Take me to the energy that ’s blocking me from accepting my casting ” — because I understood it intellectually , but I did n’t want to do it in my heart .
So [ the guide ] took me to a white clapboard house out in the country , and I knocked on the door , and I came to the door .
I had this ponytail , no makeup , I was in a housedress , and I said to myself , “ Hello .
We ’ve been waiting for you . ”
I showed me around the house , and the meditation was over — and I got it .
I got that all of these women needed me — my face , my angular jaw , my nose , my big hands , my big feet , and my big butt — to tell their stories .
Then it became like a quest for me .
I thought , “ This is my glory .
This is what I ’m going to do ! ”
Advertisement
So then I was up at Big Sur with Christopher Reeve and Christine Lahti , doing this woman in a big fat - suit — Mrs. Bassett in Tennessee Williams ’ Summer And Smoke — and my husband was in the show too , playing [ Lahti ’s ] fiancée .
Every night he’d be proposing to beautiful Christine Lahti , and I ’d barrel onstage in this fat - suit .
I hated it !
But I did it , because by then I knew that that was my casting .
After it closed , we went up to Big Sur , and long story short , I was so frustrated with my whole life that I walked up this hilltop and screamed at the heavens .
It was very dramatic — but then again , I am an actress — and I said , “ Fine !
I ’ll be a character actress !
Just tell me what you want me to do ! ” I was so angry at the universe .
The next day we went hiking , and we came to where the founders of Big Sur had raised 12 children in this little bitty cabin .
I looked at that cabin and I said to my husband , “ You know , they have never portrayed a real pioneer woman .
I ’m gonna do it someday — and no makeup . ”
That woman had to be a bear !
There ’s no way that the pioneer women you ’ve seen in the movies were like that .
They could n’t have survived !
So lo and behold , the next day my agent says , “ You have an audition for the next Dustin Hoffman movie , playing a pioneer woman . ”
And I go , “ All right ! ” I passed Barry Levinson in the hall on the way into my [ audition ] , and I saw him do a double - take .
I think I looked so determined that I got the job right then .
We shot at Hinton , Oklahoma .
They found this actual family that had eight kids out in the country , on a self - sustained farm .
We used six of the eight kids , and Tom [ Cruise ] thought I was their real mother .
That was kind of cool ; I felt like , “ Ooh , I ’m doing good ! ”
On the set , Dustin was loosening me up .
I asked for a diaper to hold — I just had to be drying dishes with a diaper .
I thought that was something a real mother with six kids would do .
Well , Dustin got that diaper away from me , and he was chasing me around , poppin ’ me on the butt and teasing me .
And when it was my close - up , he was doing all these funny things to loosen me up .
How lucky was I to get Dustin Hoffman to teach me how to do that ?
They were both so generous to me .
I remember Tom was in the trailer when I said to the makeup guy , “ You know , I would really like to not wear any makeup .
I just have this feeling that she would n’t have any . ”
And Tom said , “ Yeah , that ’s cool ! ”
So the makeup guy did a magic spell on my face and blessed me , and I got to not wear any makeup .
I mean , he might have let me anyway , but I think Tom ’s support was good .
The other thing about Tom is this .
My father died right after the movie was released .
He got to see it , then literally the day before he died , he asked Mama to take him to see it one more time — because he knew he was declining .
Tom ’s assistant at the time told him my father died , and he wrote me a very personal note .
I have n’t seen him since , but you ca n’t say anything bad about Tom Cruise to me , because anybody who takes the time to do that is very special .
Advertisement
To Wong Foo , Thanks For Everything !
Julie Newmar ( 1995 ) — “ Loretta ”
BG : Patrick Swayze was in an acting class with me .
We were working on [ Who ’s Afraid Of ] Virginia Woolf together , and there was this beautiful blonde who was playing Honey — and I ’m playing loudmouthed Martha — and she was so gorgeous , and the two guys were flirting and having fun with her , and so I started crying .
Buddy came over and said , “ Do n’t you know that you ’re beautiful ?
Do n’t you know that these women are beautiful ? ”
It meant so much to me , because he was already sort of a star .
He had done The Outsiders already — he was certainly the star of our class — and for a big , sexy , horseback - ridin ’
Texan to come over and tell me that I ’m beautiful , and look me right in the eye and make me accept that there ’s a beauty in the characters I play meant so much to me .
Fast - forward to when Buddy and I did To Wong Foo together .
He comes to town as the transvestite , and he completely redoes me .
There ’s the scene where I come down , I ’ve got a boa , and my hair is in curls .
I ’ve been Loretta , the town drunk — referred to as “ Baby Ugly ” — and now I ’m gorgeous .
I was doing her very campy , and Buddy came over and whispered , “ Hey , this is a little bit like that day [ in class ] when we were rehearsing that scene . ”
I immediately teared up .
It became a completely different scene .
Instead of being campy , I played her more moved to have her inner beauty brought out by these transvestites .
That came from Buddy .
Advertisement
Valley Of The Sun ( 2010 ) — “ Marva ” / Little Miss Sunshine ( 2006 ) — “ Pageant Official Jenkins ”
BG : I ’ve got Buddy on my mind a lot , having just been at his memorial .
They talked a lot about his risk - taking — because he not only did a transvestite , but in Donnie Darko , he played a pedophile !
Talk about a risky thing for a movie star , and he jumped right in .
We even shot some of those video sequences of his character out on his ranch .
I mean , he opened his heart and his ranch to us .
He was just an awesome guy .
Anyway , after the memorial service , I was considering doing a movie , and I could n’t decide whether to do it .
It ’s called Valley Of The Sun , and it ’s about a porn star who has a mental breakdown , almost kills himself , and comes to live with his parents in a retirement community — and that ’s me and Barry Corbin .
I was nervous about the porn elements , and I thought , “ Gosh , a first - time director , I do n’t know . ”
And then I went to that memorial service , and I woke up in the middle of the night thinking about Buddy and his risk - taking .
I thought , “ Let me read this thing again . ” I asked my agent the next day to have [ Stokes McIntyre , the director ] call me .
Advertisement
It made me remember Little Miss Sunshine , because I ’d had similar feelings .
Tone is so important , because you can have a great script just be ruined with the wrong director — if they shtick it up or something .
With Little Miss Sunshine , I was so concerned they were n’t going to play the pageant official realistically , because you do n’t have to wink to play those kinds of characters .
You just play ’em real , and they ’re funny enough .
So I remember as soon as I got on the phone with [ McIntyre ] , the first thing that he said was “ We want to keep her really real . ”
I thought , “ I ’m in . ” I never regretted doing Little Miss Sunshine , so — coupled with what I just learned from Buddy ’s memorial — I jumped in .
Donnie Darko ( 2001 ) — “ Kitty Farmer ”
BG : [ Sighs . ]
I love that movie so much .
Just before I got that script , I had been to see some European art film .
I walked out of that movie and said to my husband , “ That ’s what I want to do !
I want to do an art film and take it to the edge . ”
Within two weeks , we were getting ready to go on vacation , and my agent called .
The first thing she said was , “ You do n’t want to do a play , do you ?
It ’s by Horton Foote . ”
I said , “ Horton Foote ?
Uh , yeah , I think I might be interested ! ”
And she said , “ Oh , it ’s a world première . ”
And I said , “ A world première of a Horton Foote play ?
I think I ’d like to do that ! ”
Then she said , “ And there ’s also this movie called Donnie Darko , and Jake Gyllenhaal ’s going to be in it .
They want to meet you tomorrow . ”
And I went , “ Oh , there goes my vacation . ”
So I had a slight chip on my shoulder about taking it , but my husband said , “ Look , you ’ve gotta do this . ”
Advertisement
I read the Horton Foote play first .
Loved it .
It was called The Day Emily Married ; they later did it on Broadway .
I had to play a 75 - year - old with Alzheimer ’s .
Estelle Parsons played it on Broadway , which was great — I mean , she well should have .
She was the right age , and I ’m sure she was brilliant .
I was just so honored to create the role .
So anyway , it was probably 10 at night when I started to read Donnie Darko .
I had first seen a line earlier in the day about animal feces , and I thought , “ Oh no , this is some stupid teen movie where they think that ’s funny . ”
So I was kind of putting off reading it , because I was expecting the worst .
I get in bed and read the first page , and I go , “ Hmmm .
That ’s interesting . ”
Second page , “ Wow . ”
By the fourth page , my heart started to beat , and I knew .
It makes me cry , because I knew I had found a classic film .
You just know when you get certain material .
I ’m flippin ’ those pages , flippin ’ those pages , and then at the end , of course , there ’s [ Donnie ’s ] great decision .
Richard Kelly would kill me if I said it , but I feel — it ’s just my interpretation — that it is this Christ myth , and [ Donnie ] does make this supreme decision , and it asks all the questions that are important in life :
What is life ?
What is family ?
What is death ?
Where do we go after death ?
Is there time travel ?
Is everything happening at once and we ’re just channeling ?
All those questions are there , like a great myth .
And Richard wrote it in six weeks — it ’s crazy !
I feel like he just opened his channel and it poured in .
He ’d probably hate me for saying that , but I love him so much .
I just did another movie that his company produced called Rogue ’s Gallery that I ’m very excited about it .
It ’s about the CIA kind of imploding the day before the inauguration , and there ’s this elite killer squad in the CIA — well , I do n’t want to give too much away .
We did not base it on anything to do with Dick Cheney .
It ’s just a coincidence .
But back to Donnie Darko .
It ’s now 11:30 p.m. , I ’m weeping thinking of Jake doing the part , I ca n’t wait to meet the writer , and I have no one to call because it ’s too late at night .
I look around and realize I ’m standing in the middle of my bed .
I had actually stood up in an effort to try to express my enthusiasm for this thing .
By the next morning , I was like a hurricane blowing into the room .
I knew exactly how to do her , because she was like my P.E. teacher in junior high .
I even wore this funny little pointy bra , because I remembered that was the way she dressed .
[ Producer ]
Sean McKittrick told me later that as soon as I walked in with all that energy , they knew they ’d found Kitty Farmer .
Which is kind of embarrassing , because I was n’t quite in character yet , I did n’t think .
Richard said he did n’t want her to be shticky — which is always such music to my ears , because there ’s a fine line between taking it to the edge and going over the edge .
He said , “ I want to take it as far as it can without going over . ”
And I thought , “ That ’s exactly what I just ordered from the universe ! ”
So I read the Sparkle Motion scene : “ Sometimes , I doubt your commitment to Sparkle Motion ! ”
Except I got the words mixed up and said , “ Sometimes I doubt your commitment to miracles in motion ! ”
They laughed hysterically because I ’d screwed it up , and I said , “ You have to give me this part ! ”
Advertisement
The A.V. Club :
Do you still get asked to say that line a lot ?
BG : People ask me to say it all the time .
I ’ve given it to people for their answering machines , I ’ve done it on telephones , videos , other movie sets .
People come up and say , “ Would you do it for my girlfriend ? ” I love it , because it is a great line .
It ’s one of those lines that ’s deceptively simple — what ’s the big deal ?
But it ’s so complex , because she ’s self - righteous , and she ’s kind of pitiful at that point , because her hero has fallen .
She ’s arrogant and she ’s sincere , because she really does think we all should be committed to Sparkle Motion .
I also like the line leading up to that : “ I made your daughter the lead dancer , and you ’re not committed ! ”
It ’s how people in their own little narrow worlds get so bent out of shape over the silliest things .
I ’ve seen it all my life , especially growing up in the South — the tempest in a teapot .
She ’s vulnerable , self - righteous , a combination of so many things in that one line .
It ’s Richard Kelly ’s brilliance , because he led me to that performance .
He wanted sincerity , he did n’t want it to be one color , and he made me go vulnerable , and I think that ’s why it works .
When you can get all those different colors and levels in one line …
[ Pauses . ]
Time Out New York voted it “ Best Line Of The Year ” — which is crazy , because how many words is it ?
“ Sometimes .
I. Doubt .
Your .
Commitment .
To. Sparkle . Motion . ”
Eight words .
It ’s crazy .
Advertisement
AVC : Well , “ Rosebud ” is only one word .
BG : [ Laughs . ]
Yeah , that ’s pretty good too !
Hopefully this ’ll last as long !
Sordid Lives ( 2000 ) — “ Sissy Hickey ”
BG : There are several things iconic about that character , too — even just sounds .
Like , “ Awww . ” People love that sound !
“ Awww . ” I actually did n’t want to do the role , because I did n’t think I looked like a smoker — even though I used to be a smoker .
I love smoking .
I miss it every day of my life .
If I found out that it did n’t cause cancer , I would go out and buy , like , eight cartons right now .
Anyway , I thought [ Sissy ] should be really skinny and leathery and have one of those really husky voices , but Del [ Shores ] kept saying , “ I wrote this part for you . ”
He took me to his house and showed me pictures of all his Texas relatives , and they looked exactly like my family .
I started to get it : “ Oh , we ’re ripped from the same fabric of life here . ”
Then he showed me the picture of Sissy Hickey — his real Sissy — and she looked exactly like my grandmother .
She had those big glasses , but she did n’t have that hairdo .
That actually came from another movie I did , because I did n’t want to do a traditional beehive .
I showed it to Del and he said , “ I love it !
It ’s a French twist gone awry ! ” [ Laughs . ]
In fact , I think Sissy Hickey ’s sister is the character I did in No Country For Old Men , with the little white curly hair .
That ’s the way my grandmother wore her hair , and she had the big glasses .
To me , they ’re kind of kissin ’ cousins or sisters .
Advertisement
I never have broken up in comedy , ever .
There ’s something about me that I just do n’t break on camera — maybe because I ’m just so cheap , and I know how expensive it is to shoot — but I broke on Sordid Lives , and I broke on The Office .
Those are the only two times in my life .
See if you do n’t think this is funny : Bonnie Bedelia is stealing drugs from the medicine cabinet at the mental hospital where her brother , Brother Boy , has been institutionalized for being a transvestite for 27 years .
The setup ’s pretty funny .
So she ’s stealing these drugs , and the security guard catches her .
So she ’s telling me about it , and then she calls the security guard an “ ingrate . ”
That is the strangest use of that word !
What about him makes him ungrateful ?
[ Laughs . ]
I went to Del , laughing like I am now , and said “ Del , why is he ungrateful ? ”
And he said his mother — who is a Texas drama teacher in high school — always called people “ ingrates . ”
That was her standard putdown for people she did n’t like .
[ Laughs . ]
I kept getting tickled over it .
It just seemed like such a strange use of words .
So we get in the scene in the car — and you know , Bonnie is very serious about her work .
She says , “ That ingrate ! ” and I go [ Muffles a laugh . ] .
Finally I just let go .
I thought she was going to kill me !
I was mortified .
You do n’t want to offend Bonnie Bedelia .
AVC : Why ’s that ?
BG : Well , she ’s so serious about her work .
She ’s been a movie star for a long time , and she was on Broadway when she was 16 .
She was the biggest star we had .
Well , Olivia Newton - John — but Olivia ’s different .
She ’s more of a singer - songwriter than an actor , and she ’s Australian , so she has a very different type of attitude .
Very loose kind of girl .
Bonnie ’s just very professional , you know , she expects things a certain way .
I ’m sure she did n’t really care .
And it is unprofessional to break up .
But I do n’t care .
It ’s one of the best laughs I ’ve ever had in my life !
Advertisement
The Office ( 2008 ) — “ Dwight ’s Babysitter ”
BG : Then I did it again on The Office .
Greg Daniels , I worked with on King Of The Hill .
After Tammy Wynette died , I had taken over to play Tilly , Hank ’s mom , and then I had done other voices , so Greg knew me .
During the Writers ’ Guild strike , I ran into him on the picket line — because actors were all supporting the writers , of course .
He had seen No Country For Old Men and really liked it , and as soon as they went back to work , he called me to do the “ Dinner Party ” episode .
The director won an Emmy ; it was this great , great , dark episode .
It really is one of the edgier ones .
[ Laughs . ]
Their fight is so embarrassing to everyone concerned — and with Dwight bringing me as his date , who ’s also his babysitter , it ’s just sick !
Advertisement
I knew Steve Carell because of Little Miss Sunshine , so I felt very comfortable with him .
Maybe he always does it to guest stars , but I felt as though he was being particularly funny with me , and particularly stretching the boundaries of improvisation .
He ’s such a comic genius .
I hate to use that word , because everyone throws it around , but Steve Carell is channeling something .
If Richard Kelly can channel Donnie Darko , then Steve can channel and just go to that place , wherever it is .
So he ’s greeting me at the door , and he just keeps going way off the script , and then more and more and more , and I just finally could n’t hold it in .
I ’m holding that cooler , and I started making this bizarre sound .
[ Wheezes heavily . ]
But they were n’t calling “ cut , ” and my head went all the way down , and then I came up and had tears streaming down my face .
And Steve goes , “ Look at her , now she ’s crying ! ” I ’ve never been so glad when somebody called “ cut . ” I went hysterical , and I was so embarrassed .
I love that show so much , and I love everybody there , and I ’m just a guest star and I ’m cracking up , But then I noticed they break up around each other , too , and they ’re constantly saying , “ Oh , sorry . ”
So I felt better , but I think that was the very first shot , so I was like , “ Oh my God , am I going to do this all week ? ”
And then Dwight — I mean Rainn Wilson — kept cracking me up , because he was sucking on those beets , going , “ Mmm , mmm , mmm . ”
They have a little bit of that , but they could n’t get it all in .
I bet it ’s the same every week .
If they had wanted a crazy , wild feature film using all the comedy that I saw in just those few days , you could absolutely have had one .
You could have had five minutes of Rainn just eating his food .
Advertisement
AVC : It was sort of left open to interpretation as to whether Dwight really had a “ carnal ” relationship with his babysitter , or he was just saying that to upset Angela .
Do you have an opinion ?
BG : [ Laughs . ]
Yeah , I do n’t really know for sure either .
But I definitely flirted with him , and I definitely felt very comfortable being his date .
I mean , I did make that decision that it was fine with me if we made that transition .
And I like that last moment we have .
We do give each other a funny look .
He pulls up in that car , and I ’m standing there , and it ’s interesting .
I think you can take it however you want , but I think she ’s completely willing if he wants to pick her up .
And of course , Steve is passed out in the car , so that would really have been sick , but there is this moment where we look at each other .
I felt it was definitely a possibility .
I was probably not all that much older than him , and he was probably a wild little kid , so who knows what happened on that beet farm ?
Steve was joking that I should come back and be somebody else ’s date — like , there should be an office party , and I walk in and look at him and I say , “ Dwight … ”
Which is pretty funny , but I do n’t know how she ’d hook up with somebody else , or who it would be .
Advertisement
Speed ( 1994 ) — “ Helen ”
BG : Joss Whedon did the rewrite for Speed — the movie , not the drug .
Sometimes I ’ll say , “ When Sandy [ Bullock ] and I were doing Speed — the movie , not the drug . ”
Just in case someone ’s listening .
Joss actually called me in for a part once — not on Angel , but on something else — and I jokingly said , “ You know , your rewrite of Speed , you completely destroyed my character . ”
Originally I was one of Sandy ’s friends , because we rode the bus together every day .
I think she was a stand - up comedian , and I had been to the club to see her routine .
I had just gotten engaged .
I had a dog on the bus .
There was just more backstory for all of us .
It was kind of like The Poseidon Adventure , and very wisely , in this case , the studio said , “ No , let ’s just get on the bus and go . ”
Joss had done that rewrite , so I teased him about it .
In the first script , the bus driver has a heart attack and I give him CPR .
I was a hero !
Then I volunteer to be the first one off the bus and get blown up — again , as a hero !
So then I get Joss ’ script .
First of all , there ’s hardly anything in there , and what is there is this whining coward who tries to leap off the bus to save her ass !
[ Laughs . ]
He said , “ Oh yeah , sorry about that . ”
And I said , “ No , thank God , because that ’s why it was a hit . ”
Advertisement
AVC : Plus , it got you your very own [ since removed — ed . ]
YouTube video : “ Helen Gets Blown Up . ”
BG : Oh , really ?
Oh , cool !
I know the music is on the CD , because somebody gave me the soundtrack .
It ’s called “ Helen ’s Death . ”
And it ’s good !
I ’ve died so many times in so many movies .
What is it about my face that people want to kill it ?
I ’m sure they would ’ve killed Kitty Farmer if they could ’ve !
Advertisement
AVC : It ’s that conservative , judgmental edge .
People want to see you taken down a peg .
BG : Well , I grew up around those people , so I know ’em , and I do like playin ’ ’em .
I ’m not religious , but I am kind of a spiritual fanatic , so maybe I understand them in that way .
Kitty ’s just trying to find some answers .
She ’s so confused , and she desperately wants her daughter to be a star .
She wants Sparkle Motion .
She wants to be somebody .
She wants to be accepted .
She wants to be popular and liked , and she just has no idea how to go about it .
I really felt for Kitty .
I ’ve just known women like that all my life , so maybe that ’s true in a lot of these .
Advertisement
A Time To Kill ( 1996 ) — “ Cora Mae Cob b ”
BG : That ’s one I almost did n’t do .
Joel Schumacher had been in my acting class , and he sent me the script .
I ’d never read the book , and I read those first two scenes — where that little girl gets raped by those redneck boys — and I find out he wants me to play their mother .
I ’m in New York to celebrate the première of To Wong Foo and have a vacation with my family , and I just could n’t read the script .
So I called my agent and I said , “ Tell Joel of course I ’ll do it .
I ’ll be honored to do anything that he does ” — I had done Flatliners with him , too — and so I did n’t even read the whole script until later .
And so the first day on set , I went to him and said , “ How do I still love these boys after what they did ?
How do I do this ? ”
He said , “ It ’s your fault .
Maybe you ’re a janitor at the high school and you have to work , and your husband ’s a drunk .
You do n’t protect your boys from the drunken father , and you ’re never there . ”
I said , “ Say no more .
Love ’em .
Got it . ” Guilt .
There ’s always that key to every character that lets you go to those places you need to go to .
No matter how much you might hate the character , it makes you understand it .
Advertisement
Angel ( 1999 ) — “ Maude Pearson ”
BG : David Greenwalt called me in for the “ ghost mom , ” and he said , “ By the way , Joss said you ’ve got the part .
He said to tell you that you do n’t have to worry . ”
Which was nice .
The makeup was intense .
They had this idea that they wanted a ghost that aged — which was pretty unique — and they did n’t want to do prosthetics , so I was in makeup quite a lot .
Joss was directing a Buffy [ The Vampire Slayer ] episode that week , and at one point he came over and visited the set and worked with us on this one scene .
I love that character .
I love that she walls her son up because he has a girlfriend !
In fact , I have that clip on my reel — her walling him up and saying , “ What are you going to do about that streetwalker now ?
You belong to me !
What are you going to do ? ”
And did you know the ghost mom has her own Angel trading card ?
Advertisement
AVC : And the “ walling up ” scene is in the opening credits — so in a way , you ’re in every episode .
BG : I forgot that !
Oh , wow , I had n’t even put that together .
Thanks for telling me !
Advertisement
Southland Tales ( 2006 ) — “ Dr. Inga Von Westphalen ”
AVC : What was it like reading that script for the first time ?
Did it make any sense ?
Advertisement
BG : I did n’t understand it at all !
I read it and I said , “ Oh boy .
Well , it ’s Richard Kelly .
I ’m going to say yes . ”
In fact , I had to drop out of another movie to do it .
I was supposed to work in Georgia , and I had a whole family reunion planned around it — but you know , it ’s Richard Kelly .
I still had to go pick up all my relatives and fly ’em to Georgia , but that ’s how much I love Richard Kelly .
I just trusted him .
And that movie … [ Pauses . ]
Is there a single word to describe it ?
Cacophony ?
It ’s celebrity meets pornography meets politics — it ’s unlike anything I ’ve ever seen in my life .
And slapstick humor , communism ; I mean , what does n’t it have ?
It ’s crazy .
I did n’t go to Cannes , but I guess [ the first cut ] was three and a half hours or something ?
So I knew I was going to get cut a lot , and indeed I even had a second character in the movie that got cut altogether : Marion Card , who was this tarot - card player with a red wig .
I did this whole thing where I recited The Wasteland to The Rock on the beach .
It was this awesome , awesome scene , but it just did not carry the plot forward whatsoever , so unfortunately it had to go .
It was such an odd prosthetic that they gave me .
She was so deeply wrinkled , it almost was like a burn .
You could almost picture that she had , in her experiments , caught a Bunsen burner that had flared one day .
It was not what I expected .
But again , I trust Richard .
He said , “ I want a little German accent .
It does n’t matter if it ’s authentic .
Just enjoy it . ”
I think he ’s the one that said that the thing about Germans is that the reason their accent is so pronounced is that they ’re trying very hard to communicate , so that was kind of my thing :
She was trying to communicate .
I love that I brought about the end of the world .
[ Laughs . ]
I went to see the movie after it was cut .
The publicist shows ’em to us ahead of time , usually , so that if we ’re going to talk about the movie , we ’ll have something to say .
So I came out and said , “ Gosh , I ’m really going to have to think about this .
I do n’t know if I can say anything . ”
Then I was talking to my husband about it , and I kept explaining it , like , “ And then these SNL characters come in , and they have prosthetic noses ! ”
You know , I could n’t put my finger on it .
Advertisement
And all of a sudden I got a vision of Guernica — Picasso ’s painting , which is one of my all - time favorite paintings in the world .
I remember reading that it was very controversial at the time — some people said even used the word “ childlike drawing ” — and all of a sudden I thought , “ This is like Guernica in Los Angeles ! ”
And then it all made sense to me .
It was all the elements that are the Southland .
Tone is a very difficult thing .
You ca n’t write tone , I do n’t think .
You can try — you certainly try .
I write too , so I know I ’m trying desperately to communicate to whoever ’s going to direct my pieces , the way I see the humor .
But it ’s very difficult .
When I read it , I just could n’t get a handle on it , but now I ’m a huge fan of Southland Tales .
I ’ve got the graphic novels — I totally get it now .
But it ’s not for everybody .
I would say most people would probably not get it , or want to take the time to really think about it and understand the elements .
When you live in Los Angeles , you see all this .
These porn stars , that ’s not a joke .
I mean , who would have thought that porn stars would have such credibility now ?
It ’s an odd world right now .
Reality television , anybody can be a star at any minute .
I thought the fact that this porn star had this screenplay and all these merchandising ideas was such a great look at the Paris Hiltons of the world , and the next step is going to be that .
Some porn star probably will come out with a line of cosmetics or something .
They probably already have sexual aids .
Not AIDS the disease .
I mean , like , paraphernalia .
[ Laughs . ]
So I think it ’s kind of brilliant .
AVC : Do you think it ’s better to be in an ambitious mess rather than something merely adequate ?
Advertisement
BG : Absolutely .
I ’m telling you , I really am about risk , and I was so glad to be at Buddy ’s memorial to remind me , because that ’s what I love .
I love to take chances .
I love first - time directors .
I love super - low - budget movies .
I ’ve been around for a while now .
I ’ve done 80 - something movies , and I want to just keep experimenting .
First - time directors have new , fresh ideas , and lot of times they ’re risking a lot to do it , so it means so much to them .
They ’re not just hired ; they have their heart on the line , because if you ’ve gone that far , you ’re probably a very passionate person .
Everything I ’ve done has n’t worked out — you know , some things are n’t as great as others — but I ’m having so much fun , who cares ?
Is n’t that what an artist is supposed to do ?
We ’re trying to change the world .
Otherwise , why be an artist ?
You want to shake people up and make ’em think .
I think the New York Times reviewer , Manohla Dargis , and The Village Voice loved Southland Tales — even at Cannes !
I thought , “ Well , I ’m in pretty good company if The New York Times and The Village Voice like it .
I ’m not so stupid ! ” [ Laughs . ]
I ’d much rather insult people and make ’em angry .
You know , Donnie Darko ’s very controversial .
Not all of my friends like it .
Honestly , it ’s almost become a test for me .
If somebody says they do n’t like [ Donnie Darko ] , I think , “ Oh , I do n’t know you as well as I thought I did . ”
One friend said , “ That movie was weird ! ”
And I thought , “ Hmm . I do n’t think we ’re as good of friends as I thought . ”
It ’s not like I disliked him for it ; it just meant we were n’t on the same page I thought we were .
Because I ca n’t imagine watching that film and not being moved to tears .
I ’ve seen it however many times , and I cry almost every time .
If you just think it ’s a weird movie , you do n’t want to think .
You do n’t want to feel your feelings .
So yeah , I do want to shake ’em up .
Advertisement
Child ’s Play 2 ( 1990 ) — “ Miss Kettlewell ”
AVC : Since we ’re having all this high - minded talk about art , I ’m going to be a jerk and bring up Child ’s Play 2 .
Advertisement
BG : [ Laughs ] .
Hey , I love Child ’s Play 2 !
I love Don Mancini .
That movie has a great theme :
You better listen to children .
That ’s why I wanted to do it .
I was scared to do a horror movie — a blatant , studio horror movie — but I liked the script , and I thought that was such an important theme , because I do n’t think adults listen to children enough .
I did n’t feel listened to when I was a child , and I ’ve seen other friends of mine with their kids , and they ’re not paying attention while the kid ’s trying to tell them very important stuff .
But when I was considering doing it , even though I liked it , I still thought , “ Gosh , should I do this big ol ’ studio horror movie ? ”
I ’d just done Rain Man and a couple of other big movies , and I called my friend Dinah Manoff and said , “ Dinah , what do you think about me doing Child ’s Play 2 ?
It ’s about this little doll , Chucky ” — and she said , “ Well , if you see Child ’s Play , you ’ll find that I ’m in it . ” [ Laughs . ]
She was the one that had gone out the window with a knife in her head or something like that .
I felt like that was a sign .
AVC : A doll beating you to death with a yardstick — does that rank among your best death scenes ?
Advertisement
BG : How do you beat that ?
Actually , he punctures my lung with a bicycle pump , and then he beats me to death with a yardstick .
That ’s hard to beat .
There ’s the one in Speed , and on Flatliners , I had a baby and came back to life .
What else ?
AVC : You were killed on Six Feet Under because you thought The Rapture was happening .
Advertisement
BG : Oh yeah , Six Feet Under was awesome !
And you know , that ’s an old urban legend .
And then I had the heart attack while walling my son up in Angel .
Those are all pretty good , but yeah , Child ’s Play 2 is hard to beat .
Jericho ( 2006 ) — “ Gracie Leigh ”
AVC : You were killed in Jericho .
BG : Oh , what an awesome death scene I had !
I took that one the hardest .
It was as though a relative died .
I had the best time on that show .
First of all , I just believed in it .
It seemed so bold to me , and [ head writer ]
Carol Barbee used to be an actress , and we ’d done Summer And Smoke together — that thing I was talking about earlier with Christopher Reeve .
She played the young ingénue , Nelly ; we really bonded .
My husband had gone to Julliard with Christopher Reeve , so we all used to go out to eat afterward .
We did this crazy thing one day :
We were driving down the road , and Carol was in the car with us , and Chris was driving his convertible , and we acted out this whole scene on the street .
They started looking at each other and flirting with each other — I mean , it was a game ; they were n’t boyfriend and girlfriend or anything — and we were pretending that she was my daughter .
So she leaped out of my car and got in his car , and I ’m screamin ’ and yellin ’ and Michael ’s cursin ’ , and they drive away .
And the onlookers — can you imagine people on the street seeing Christopher Reeve pick up our daughter ?
We fooled ’em !
Anyway , I love Carol , and I say that story to illustrate what a great sense of humor she has .
I loved my character — again , conservative , very complex , greedy .
But I never blamed her .
I understood her .
And people hated her !
Advertisement
AVC : Well , was n’t she bartering for people ’s family heirlooms and stuff like that ?
BG : [ Laughs . ]
And not giving ’em much !
Like , a loaf of bread .
The worst !
Usury and gouging — she was awful .
But I understood her .
I said , “ It ’s the end of the world , guys !
This is all she ’s got . ”
I loved that they had the guts to make her complex like that , because they could have gone a different way .
She could have just been the nice Midwestern storekeeper like on The Waltons , but they did n’t do that .
They let her have this dark side , and get in cahoots with the bad guys .
Of course , that was her downfall .
I knew my deal was only for seven shows , and I was already on the ninth show , so I knew I was gonna die any minute .
In fact , in the pilot , when he says to me , “ I ’ll never let anything happen to you , ” I knew I was dead meat .
I said to my husband “ I ’m getting killed off ! ” [ Laughs . ]
I mourned for her , really , for a couple of weeks .
My heart was heavy .
But Carol said , “ We ’re going to give you a great death scene , ” and I think they did .
I think it ’s hysterically , ironically funny that she comes back to the good side and then gets killed .
I mean , hello !
That ’s life sometimes .
And that great song , too .
[ Sings . ]
“ What kind of world do you want ? / Let ’s start at the start . ”
It ’s just such a great song to die to .
[ Laughs . ]
Whenever that song comes on the radio , I ’ll act out the death scene for my daughter .
Advertisement
No Country For Old Men ( 2007 ) — “ Carla Jean ’s Mother ”
BG : First of all , I ’ve worked with Ridley Scott , Barry Levinson , Barry Sonnenfeld — some of the biggest directors in the world .
Advertisement
AVC : And let ’s not forget George Romero in The Dark Half .
BG : Oh , right !
I love him !
What a gracious , kind , loving , beautiful man he is .
Always so sweet .
So yeah , the Coen brothers :
Of all the directors I ’ve worked with , they ’re the only ones who have given me the storyboards attached to the [ script ] .
It was very cool for me , because I knew when I was in close - up or if it was far away , and it also made me know that anything that happened [ in the edit ] was n’t personal .
Because they edit their own movies , so they were editing it as they went .
It was just such a relaxing situation , because I did n’t feel like I had to prove anything .
I could just bring the character .
It was a huge gift to me .
I do n’t know if they do it on every movie , but they did it on this , and I loved it .
But here ’s the funny thing : I met with them , I loved them , we got along great , and I thought I had a really good chance of getting it , and then I did n’t hear for two months , so I figured I did n’t get it .
And then they called on a Friday and wanted me to come in on a Saturday and be put on tape , and I could n’t go .
I was mortified !
I thought , “ Oh my God , the Coen brothers ! ” Miller ’s Crossing is actually my favorite — I love Fargo , I love all of them , but Miller ’s Crossing just happens to be my favorite .
When I heard they were doing this , I thought , “ This is it .
This is their masterpiece .
This is going to be the one , because it ’s going to bring every element together . ”
I just had a feeling about it .
Advertisement
But I could n’t go because of my daughter — who ’s my number - one priority in life , above all else .
As much as I love being an artist , I love being a mom even more .
She ’s 6 feet tall — I call her a “ glamazon , ” because she ’s so gorgeous , but she ’s built like an Amazon .
She ’s really an exceptional girl .
She ’s an all - star goalie .
I was doing a celebrity golf tournament , and it was sponsored by the gold medal women ’s soccer team , and they were picking us up .
Mary had invited one of her soccer buddies to go with her ; there was no way I could cancel this weekend .
I could n’t do it to her .
I said , “ What am I going to do ?
It ’s the Coen brothers ! ”
And my husband said , “ This is what we ’re going to do : I ’ll tape you , and I will personally deliver it , and you ’ll write them a note on how much it means to you . ”
So I wrote them a little personal note , my husband got out our little cheap video camera , my daughter read the cue lines , and I put it on tape .
My husband hand - delivered it to Paramount and made sure that the casting director had it in her hand .
Then they asked me to do it on Monday .
So I felt like it was meant to be .
Again , she reminds me a lot of my grandmother and those women , but it was n’t the look I had in mind .
I thought it would be more me .
I was just going to pull my hair back , maybe sallow my jaws a little bit , and have dark hair pulled back with gray — because she ’s really only 58 , but she does have cancer .
And the brilliant [ costume designer ]
Mary Zorphres had done all this research on West Texas in 1980 .
Every woman looked like that .
At a certain age , they would get their hair cut off , let the gray go in , get that permanent , and wear those big glasses .
She gave me a beanie bra so my boobs would hang down , and these old dresses .
My hat ’s off to her , because I thought it was perfect for the movie .
It was so great to have some comic relief right at that moment .
It ’s such an intense film .
Advertisement
The Coens both give you direction , and then it ’s up to you to kind of figure out the music of what they ’re saying .
They actually work very similarly to the couple that did Little Miss Sunshine , Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris .
I never heard them get defensive , ever .
My husband and I can’t get through dinner without being defensive .
We ’ve been married 24 years , and I love my husband to death , but sometimes I say , “ What are we ?
Two injured creatures who ca n’t talk to each other without going , like , ‘ Ahhh ! ’ ? ”
Then you get with these filmmakers doing the hardest work in the world , and they ’re not defensive .
They ’re happy together , they crack jokes together , they have different opinions — and it does n’t bother them that they have different opinions .
So no wonder their work is so good , because you ’re getting two for the price of one .
I ’m just so lucky .
Can you believe I ’ve worked with all these people ?
AVC : You do have a classic “ Beth Grant line ” in No Country For Old Men : “ It ’s not often you see a Mexican in a suit . ”
Advertisement
BG : And did you notice I said it like a real Texan ?
I left out the “ I . ” I used to date a guy from Azle , Texas ; that ’s how I knew that .
It ’s not “ Mex - i- can , ” like we say in the South .
It ’s “ Mex- can . ” I knew exactly who she was when I read that .
I ’ve met her a thousand times .
After that , I was going somewhere in Texas to shoot something , and I got off in the airport , and I saw my character walk by .
[ Laughs . ]
I also like , “ You know how many people I know in El Paso ? ” [ Makes a circle with her finger and thumb . ]
“ That ’s how many . ”
That ’s my grandmother ’s wit to a T !
With the sarcasm and the dryness .
But I love that she ’s not bigoted .
She says , “ Well , thank God there ’s one gentlemen left in West Texas . ”
She calls him a gentleman .
She respects him , she likes him — but he is a Mex-can !
I love the complexity of that .
Those are the characters I ’m drawn to .
All About Steve ( 2009 ) — “ Mrs. Horowitz ”
AVC : From the Best Picture winner of 2007 to what was called one of the worst movies of 2009 .
Advertisement
BG : Aww , I feel so bad they say that !
I like that movie .
My daughter loved that movie , because she ’s 6 feet tall and she ’s different .
And I got a lot of great e-mails from people who are different .
I ’m a gay icon .
I ’ll just say it .
That ’s what they say to me , so I ’ll accept it .
I got so many e-mails saying that it meant so much to those people .
My daughter said , “ They did n’t like it just because she did n’t get the guy !
If they had lived happily ever after , people would have liked that movie . ”
To me , it ’s sweet - natured and sweet - hearted , and I ca n’t get enough sweet - hearted movies .
I want to be inspired right now .
I think things are pretty tough in the world .
And people at the première were loving it — I mean , loving it !
So I ’m so sorry to hear people saying that .
I do n’t buy it at all .
And I thought Sandy was brave to do it .
Because for a leading lady to talk a studio into doing a movie where you do n’t get the guy … [ Pauses . ]
Maybe because it is about offbeat people , they do n’t want them to be heroes .
There is something archetypal in us that we like a leading lady , we like a leading man , and we like people with my features to get killed .
[ Laughs . ]
Maybe that ’s why [ the reviews ] were so severe — because good Lord , I ’ve seen much worse films !
AVC : Do you think it ’s that subconscious need for actors to stay within their archetypes that ’s kept you in character roles ?
Advertisement
BG : Yes .
I built a career on it , and I ’m grateful , but I ’m trying to stretch .
I would love to do some classics .
I have such a great thing I want to do with Lady Macbeth — make her one of the witches — and I have this whole thing where she ’s very light and dressed in pink and dancing Gaelic dances and throwing roses , but then when her husband ’s coming home , she does incantations and pulls her hair back , puts on a black leather trenchcoat .
I mean , I could tear it up if somebody would give me the chance !
But do you think someone would ever let me do Lady Macbeth ?
I doubt it .
But I ’m going to keep talking about it .
I ’ve worked on The Visit .
I ’ve got a great interpretation of that , where I have rock - star bodyguards with bare chests and black eye makeup , and they bring me in a white nightgown , and I ’m throwing money at the crowd .
I ’m telling you , it rocks .
I ’ve workshopped all these .
I ’ve workshopped Medea where I have goddesses , and I ’m naked onstage and painted gold , and talking in tongues , and the goddesses come and dress me , and Hecate arrives and fills me with the power to go kill the children so I can send them to the afterlife and do this for all women .
They ’ve never done a Medea like that .
They ’re cheating themselves by not letting me do these roles .
I ’m ready .
Maybe I was n’t in the beginning .
I weighed 179 pounds when I got to New York , and I had that thick Southern accent .
I still talk Southern , but I can do without it .
Do you remember that book by William Goldman , Adventures In The Screen Trade ?
Great , awesome book .
He talks about this very thing — that you ca n’t get a star to do a part that ’s not what their public expects .
And Sandy ’s not like that .
She ’s taken a lot of chances over the years .
And Buddy certainly was n’t like that .
But I mean , maybe that is true .
Maybe that ’s exactly why they did n’t like [ All About Steve ] .
And maybe the actors that used to turn down William Goldman ’s scripts — where he wanted them to stretch and grow , and he was mad at ’em , and said , “ Why wo n’t they be a real actor ? ” — maybe they just knew their audience .
It ’s too bad .
Advertisement
AVC : In terms of you breaking your own typecasting , although you ’ve had a lot of roles , you started your career very late .
So maybe it ’s just a matter of time ?
BG : You really did your research !
No one ’s ever noticed that , ever , with any interview .
But you ’re right .
Rain Man , I was 38 .
And before that , I had really just started working when I was 36 , so you ’re exactly right .
I was very late .
So I ’ve got time , right ?
As long as I stay healthy and eat right .
Advertisement
AVC : And if you think about it , more people remember Jessica Tandy for the work she did in the winter of her life .
BG : Aww , you ’re gonna make me cry !
[ Chokes up . ]
Excuse me .
God , I ca n’t believe I got so moved by that .
You just gave me a lot of hope !
[ Laughs . ]
Wow , Jessica Tandy .
Nice company !
And Ruth Gordon .
They worked all along , but you ’re right .
She did n’t really get any big star recognition until Driving Miss Daisy .
So what if it takes me that long ?
Slow and steady wins the race , right ?
Better a tortoise than a hare .
Jessica
Tandy , wow .
I ca n’t believe you mentioned that .
I never have compared myself to her in any way , and that ’s such a great role model for me to look at .
I ’m seriously going to put pictures of her in my dressing room and commune with her from now on , I think .
Thank you for giving me that !
That ’s exactly what I want to do .
For a good 75 years , the Republican Party has been the party of conservatism , the anointed vehicle for the hopes and dreams of those who believe in limited government and seek to preserve the legacy of the Founding Fathers .
No more .
It has n’t been true for quite a while , but at least the Republicans were rhetorically committed to conservative principles right up until the second Bush presidency .
George W. campaigned on a platform that old - time conservatives found at least recognizable : he opined that Americans ought to be able to keep a larger proportion of their income than the Clinton regime found permissible , and even on foreign affairs he sounded like a Taft Republican of the old school , promising a more " humble " foreign policy .
How far we have wandered off that road !
Under George W. Bush , today ’s GOP is in the vanguard of the biggest expansion of governmental power since 27 B.C. , the year Octavian was crowned with laurel leaves in the Roman Senate , and the yeoman ’s republic on the Tiber morphed into an Empire .
Government spending has not only increased , it has engulfed us in a veritable tidal wave of unsustainable debt and force - marched us to the brink of bankruptcy .
More ominously , the coercive power of government has expanded exponentially , and basic civil liberties  the right to a fair trial , the right to be secure in our own homes , the right to speak out against government policies without being harassed , spied on , and otherwise encumbered by said government  are in danger .
If , on the home front , the Republicans represent a brazen authoritarianism that seeks the overthrow of the Constitution , on the foreign policy front they are also revolutionaries .
Professor Claes Ryn , the noted conservative scholar and past president of the Philadelphia Society , calls them " Jacobins , " after the French revolutionaries who sent so many of their enemies to the guillotine .
The Jacobins sought the revolutionary transformation of society via a purifying violence , and their brief rule was a paroxysm of nihilistic carnage unprecedented in the history of European nations .
The neoconservatives , with their self - proclaimed objective of " creative destruction , " are playing a similarly sadistic game in the Middle East today .
Having seized the reins of government in Washington and commandeered the U.S. military in the service of their hubris , the neocons are on the march , like Orcs gathering at Isengard , shrieking their war cries and shaking their spears  first at Iraq , and now at Iran .
I wo n’t go into the history of how the neocons migrated from the Democratic Party to the GOP , since that subject has been covered , here and elsewhere , in mind - numbing detail .
Everybody knows about the neocons by now : Alcove B , the Trotskyist Irving Kristol and his fellow apostates , James Burnham and Max Shachtman , the infiltration of the Democratic Party by Shachtman and his confreres , and their effective control over the so - called " Scoop " Jackson wing of the party .
Their own whining and complaining memoirs , of which there are far too many , have informed us of their reasons for abandoning their historic home and migrating to the GOP .
It was the Vietnam War , and the whole issue of what foreign policy is best suited to the U.S. , that precipitated their break with the mainstream of their party .
The neocons  grouped around Commentary magazine , and , in the alternate universe of left - liberal politics , around Social Democrats , USA  stomped out of the Democratic Party when that party rejected the failed policies of Lyndon Baines Johnson .
In rallying around the candidacy of Eugene McCarthy , and later , George McGovern , the party ’s activist core rejected the Cold War liberalism that had prompted John F. Kennedy to mount the Bay of Pigs invasion  and vaingloriously declare that we would " pay any price , bear any burden " in the service of an interventionist foreign policy devoted to upholding " freedom " around the world .
Boring old hypocrites like Hubert Horatio Humphrey  a hero to the neocons  foundered on the rocks of the Vietnam conflict , and the pro-war AFL - CIO , long a bastion of neocon- Shachtmanite influence , had already passed the apex of its power .
Their policies discredited , their political fortunes in ruins , the neocons retreated to the tall grass and regrouped to fight another day .
The first stage of their strategy for a protracted conflict was a complete ideological makeover , a radical transfiguration that would catapult them to the opposite side of the political spectrum  but without , of course , in any way altering their core principle : devotion to the cult of the war god .
Militarism , not only as a foreign policy but as the organizing principle of the domestic order , is the central doctrine of the neoconservative creed , and they have never betrayed it no matter what their party registration .
The neocons , in their takeover of what used to be the conservative movement , have Prussianized the GOP .
The movement of Taft and Goldwater , of the Chambers of Commerce and the Rotarians of the old America where prudence and modesty , rather than revolution and grandiosity , were in style , is no more .
In its place is a party that stands for what the neocons call " national greatness , " which derides prudence as cowardice , and knows nothing of modesty .
Their role model is no longer Barry Goldwater , who questioned such government - guaranteed entitlements as Social Security , but Otto von Bismarck , whose name is a byword for militarism  and who introduced a government welfare scheme similar to our own Social Security system well before the New Deal came to America .
For libertarians , the GOP is a total loss : like the neocons and the old " Scoop Jackson " Democrats , they are bad on everything , including domestic policy .
Today , whatever skeptics of the government ’s power to effect positive change , at home and abroad , still exist inside the Republican Party are lonely guardians of a nearly forgotten tradition .
This is the party of Big Government , and Big Ambitions overseas : in the new Bushian GOP we are witnessing the triumph of " National Greatness " Republicanism .
Gone is the plain , republican cloth coat : in its place GOPers flaunt the imperial purple .
Libertarians no longer have any place in the GOP coalition , and any who remain will have long since betrayed their ostensible devotion to liberty .
The Republican Party is today hopelessly authoritarian .
Maddened by war , its leaders are so corrupted by power and their desperation to hold on to it , that they will resort to any tactic , any subterfuge , no matter how contemptible and / or self - defeating .
A good example is their secret funding of the campaign of Democrat Joe Lieberman against their own candidate for U.S. Senate in Connecticut .
As Insight magazine reports , the GOP ’s Karl Rove steered millions of dollars from big Republican contributors into Lieberman ’s coffers .
Lieberman , an advocate of Big Government and out - of - control spending if ever there was one , supported the president on the Iraq war question and has signed on to the campaign to provoke a similar conflict with Iran .
His defeat in the Democratic primary at the hands of Ned Lamont was a big blow to the War Party .
It marked the effective end of neoconservative influence within the party of Jefferson , and represented a real setback for the neocon strategy of effectively controlling the foreign policy stances of both major parties  a maneuver that has worked well in peacetime , but is always frayed as the consequences of our interventionist policies come back to haunt us in the form of body bags .
Republican support for a dyed - in - the - wool statist like Lieberman is proof positive that the GOP leadership could care less about their ostensible principles when it comes to domestic policy .
In truth , they care about one issue and one issue only : the war , including the one to come .
In supporting Lieberman , they are , in effect , saying : To hell with less government .
We ’ll settle for more war !
As Markos Moulitsas of Daily Kos , the founding father of " netroots " Democratic activism , has said , there is room for libertarians in the Democratic Party  and especially now , when the Libertarian Party has thrown its wonderful platform overboard and adopted a self - consciously " pragmatic " stance that has rendered it indistinguishable from the majors .
If anyone is skeptical of government power and its dangerous increase in the era of Bush , he or she is probably a Democrat .
This skepticism of government power is particularly sharp when it comes to critiquing American foreign policy .
Although there is a growing contingent of Republican critics of the war , in Congress and among the ranks , the Democratic Party activists who are the most energized are solidly opposed to our presence in Iraq .
Significantly , many are extending their critique of intervention in that particular instance to a more generalized skepticism of our power to democratize the world at gunpoint .
This doubt of military power abroad is bound , in many cases , to translate into a similarly jaundiced view of the promiscuous employ of government coercion on the home front .
Not always , but often  and certainly more often , as the years of the " war on terrorism " drag on and the proto - fascist Republicans launch fresh assaults on civil liberties .
The sad decline of the GOP into a party that could credibly be described as scary , if not outright fascist , is bound to depress many longtime Republicans , particularly those with libertarian inclinations .
Yet I would not linger over this gravestone too long , mourning the demise of a tradition remembered by few .
And it is n’t all bad news , either .
The good news is that the American people are not going to look with favor on a party that stands for perpetual war and eternal debt .
Against all evidence and common sense , Republican leaders defend a war that has rightly been called the biggest strategic disaster in our history , one that even a full third of GOP voters reject as not worth fighting .
Against the principles of their modern leaders and their own platform , they are the biggest promoters and enablers of government expansionism , a trend that has provoked a rebuke even from Republican Sen .
Chuck Hagel , a potential presidential candidate and GOP stalwart with impeccable conservative credentials .
Republicans are headed for a drubbing at the polls , and it could n’t have happened to a more deserving party .
Ever since the neocon takeover of this administration , they have been headed for disaster , and now that it is finally striking I just want to sit back and enjoy the spectacle of their extended and agonizing demise .
That ’s right , " stay the course , " guys !
Until you fall right into that inviting abyss
