Turkmenistan holds significantly large quantities of natural gas ( they hold the world ’s fourth largest reserves ) and these have , over the years , proved attractive to Russia , China and the West .
Until fairly recently , despite some bad relationships from time to time , the natural gas that the country produced made its way towards the West through Russia .
With only Russian pipes as the conduit , Turkmen gas was under the real control of those who chose whether to pump the gas , or not .
However , when times were flush for the industry ( can this be just over a year ago ) and in order to ensure supplies for its customers in the West , Russia agreed to a much more beneficial pricing for the Turkmen gas , and was buying some 50 bcm a year .
This was all arranged after the Russian Presidency changed hands , and was one of the first items on the new President ’s agenda .
Since then things have not really gone well for the relationship as a whole .
Turkmenistan has agreed to send natural gas to China , providing it with a second customer , while the price of natural gas has fallen with the recession in demand , around the world .
That pipeline is now expected to be in place by the end of next year , and I saw pipelines being laid in China on my recent visit , as they extend the network .
The pipeline is expected to carry some 40 bcm ( more than Russia will buy this year ) .
Turkmenistan has also agreed to supply Iran with 14 bcm of natural gas with a new pipeline to carry gas down into Iran being planned for the near future .
Gazprom profits , meanwhile have dropped 62 % , as the demand from Europe has dropped dramatically – with Gazprom market share falling to 16 % .
There was an “ accident ” to a pipeline between Russia and Turkmenistan , and since then no gas has flowed through the pipelines .
So , in this day of solar car racing ( I hear that the route for the new competition has now been agreed ) , it is perhaps appropriate that the Russians and Turkmen are hoping to improve their relations with an off - road race that has Gazprom and Turkmengas as the main sponsors , of what is known as the Silk Way Rally .
President Medvedev will stop by again on Sept 13th intending to renew the deals .
The need for Gazprom to sweeten relationships with Turkmenistan has much to do with the face of the gas pipelines planned to flow into Southern Europe from further East .
There are two competing options , the Nabucco pipeline that the Western nations favor , and the South Stream that is being pushed by Gazprom and friends .
Gazprom , working with Italy 's ENI , has so far received backing from Bulgaria , Serbia , Italy , Greece and Hungary for the pipeline that would carry gas from Central Asia under the Black Sea to Europe by 2015 .
Austria and Slovenia are close to signing up to the deal , Gazprom said .
Among those happy to purchase from Gazprom is the UK , that now gets some 16 % of what it needs from Russia .
To provide some of these gas needs for Europe ( which collectively has been getting about 25 % of its gas from Gazprom ) Gazprom is building a collector pipeline known as the Caspian Gas pipeline that will carry gas from Turkmenistan and Kazakhstan to the tune of some 20 bcm a year .
There was a meeting of officials from Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan , Russia , and Turkmenistan in Aktau , Kazakhstan ' today to discuss the project .
Iran was somewhat upset about not being invited .
Gazprom has also opened a new pipeline into Lithuania and beyond to Kaliningrad .
It will be known as Red Junction , and carry 2.5 bcm per year .
First shipments are due in December .
Thus it has the customers , and can profit well from the transport of gas through its pipelines .
But with Gazprom happy to promise new and existing customers a secure supply , there have to be some concerns over how much can come from Turkmenistan :
Turkmenistan has two options .
It can refuse to agree to lower gas prices to Russia .
How long can it hold out without gas revenue from Russia ?
It may use part of the Chinese credits to tide itself over until gas flows to China in 2010 .
The other option is to agree to lower gas prices to Russia for a short period .
At present Russia does not need Turkmen gas to supply the European market .
However if EU economies recover in 2010 or 2011 it will need Turkmen gas .
Europe faces the risk that Gazprom will not be able to deliver the necessary gas .
That would mean high prices for the available gas .
Hence the Chinese deal is good news for Turkmenistan .
It is bad news for Russia but also the EU .
More thoughts -- two days later
A couple of days ago I was writing of the promise inherent in a meeting between the Turkmen President , Gerbanguly Berdymukhamedov and President Medvedev of Russsia .
Well the meeting has now taken place , and there was a story in the Moscow Times that the meeting had not gone well .
However , before writing this post I went to dinner , and now it seems that story has quietly disappeared .
Instead there is now a story in The Daily Star that reports that the meeting went well , and that the two leaders “ clinked champagne glasses . ”
As I mentioned in the first part of this post , the meeting included the end of the Silk Way Race , which is now over .
The dispute may not be , since , although stories talked of the dispute being resolved :
There were also signs that the sides had reached a breakthrough on the export row that would allow stalled talks to go forward .
Berdymukhamedov said all technical problems relating to the blast had been fixed , and a top Kremlin aide said that Turkmenistan and Gazprom would hold a meeting within days to discuss “ further cooperation in the gas sphere , ” Russia ’s Interfax news agency reported .
It appears that the agreement is only to continue talks , and not to resume gas shipments .
Now at the moment Turkmenistan is extracting gas and storing it , since the Russians are n’t accepting it into their pipelines , but that may be a bit of a dangerous game for Gazprom , given that the Chinese pipeline may be ready to receive shipments before the end of the year .
At the continuation of discussions , but now in Kenderly , Kazakhstan , the Turkmen President mentioned all the commitments , but the one to Russia .
Berdimuhamedov noted his country would begin operating a gas pipeline to China by the end of 2009 with the capacity to pump some 1.6 trillion cubic feet of gas per year .
Meanwhile , he emphasized the importance of the proposed Turkmenistan - Afghanistan - Pakistan - India ( TAPI ) while a rival project from Iran moves forward in the region .
On Nabucco , the natural gas project for Europe , Berdimuhamedov said his country was ready to make pledges in support of the $ 10.3 billion pipeline .
Now of these the Nabucco continues on life support since there is not yet enough gas committed to be supplied to justify construction , despite an agreed market for sales into Western Europe .
There is already a crude oil pipeline in place , the Baku - Tbilisi - Ceyhan pipeline , and the West would like a similar natural gas equivalent , but it keeps running into obstacles .
Azerbaijan has doubled its commitment to the line , with supplies proposed from the Shah Deniz field .
Production at Azerbaijan ’s giant Shah Deniz natural gas field has risen to 24 million cubic meters ( 847 million cu ft ) daily , Azerbaijani and Russian news sources reported May 4 .
In 2008 , the daily output averaged 22 million cubic meters ( 777 million cu ft ) .
Field operator BP said that production increased despite ongoing drilling , the Regnum news agency reported .
BP is preparing for a second production phase when annual output is expected to reach 12 billion cubic meters ( 423 billion cu ft ) and , later , 20 billion cubic meters ( 706 billion cu ft ) .
Yet this is still not enough to make the pipeline work – it needs the gas from Turkmenistan .
The TAPI pipeline on the other hand would feed natural gas into downstream economies that are desperate for natural gas supplies .
Afghanistan is the first of these , and energy shortages are rarely discussed as one of the problems of their economy , but with only 10 - 12 % of the populace having access to electricity and with only limited natural gas resources ( perhaps enough for a 100 megawatt power station ) , the country needs to import natural gas in large volumes .
The question is , as always , from where ?
Turkmenistan is a logical place .
Proposed pipeline from Turkmenistan to India
But the route of the pipeline , while agreed , does not end up delivering gas without a pipeline being installed , and though the project has been nearly ready to start since 2003 , with a projected construction time of 3 - years , there has yet to be a significant physical start .
Pakistan , while getting help for construction of hydro- electrical projects is still desperate for help with natural gas and other energy fuels .
But so far there is no pipeline to help .
Looking at it from Turkmenistan ’s point of view the pipeline to China will soon open and revenues can come from thus new customer .
The price will be at double the price China has been paying for its own gas .
Chinese wellhead prices at $ 3.5 to $ 4 per million British thermal units ( mmBtu ) are now comparable with US onshore gas prices and spot LNG cargoes , but still half of term LNG supplies signed last year for delivery beyond 2012 , estimated at $ 8 - $ 10 .
While the cheapness of gas has made it a favoured choice for power plants compared to fuel oil , it has done little to encourage import deals or drilling during a near four - fold rise in demand in the last decade .
By raising prices , Beijing will provide an incentive to increase supplies while gradually getting industries used to paying the market rate for raw materials , part of Beijing ’s drive for a greener economy and prominent role in global climate talks .
. . . . .
Turkmenistan gas will be priced at 2 yuan per cubic metre ( $ 8 per kcf ) at the border point in Khorgos , sharply above the average 0.79 yuan for local gas flowing in China ’s flagship West - East pipeline , China ’s leading financial magazine Caijing reported in March .
Chinese demand is anticipated to grow from a current 7.3 bcf / day to 18 bcf / day by 2020 , with 2.9 bcf coming from the new pipeline by 2011 .
While this may be an expensive price for China to pay , it will certainly relieve Turkmenistan of the old option that was to either provide natural gas to Russia , or starve , and will give it more income until other options ( such as TAPI or selling natural gas to Iran ) become a reality .
Echoing the real Josh ’s Twitter sentiments : I am totally gay for Glee .
In fact , I ’ve been quite gay for it since Fox premiered the pilot on Hulu almost 4 months ago .
The musical element of the show gives it its voice , but thankfully it ’s used sparingly .
There ’s typically a featured performance per episode and 1 more incidental song .
It ’s enough to keep the music present but not overpowering .
The main female lead ( sorry , have n’t learned names yet , and apparently I do n’t know how to use Google ) is infectious and owns every scene she ’s in .
One thing I especially like about Glee is the pacing .
It moves quickly from plot point to song to plot point , etc .
My only complaint ( granted I ’ve only seen 2 eps ) is that all the dialog written for the only female black character sounds like it was specifically engineered to sound like it was written by a corny white guy FOR an “ urban ’ black girl .
So far she ’s a constant string of “ sho - nuff ’s ” and “ nah ahhh white boy ’s . ”
She actually said “ you ’re pretty fly for a white guy ” in episode 2 .
No black person has every uttered those words in the history of mankind .
Your thoughts on Glee ?
Are you A Gleek ?
Commentward , Ho !
Apple 's iPhone now accounts for 8 % of all mobile phone revenue and a whopping 32 % of the industry 's handset profits , according to figures published by Bernstein Research analyst Toni Sacconaghi .
The numbers , published by All Things Digital blogger John Paczkowski , are n't limited just to the smartphone segment market , but look at all mobile phones sold in the first half of 2009 , a $ 65.7 billion industry .
Apple earned just over $ 5 billion in the first half of the year , making it the fifth biggest player in terms of revenue , behind Nokia , Samsung , RIM , and LG .
Apple lead the world in actually making money however , with just over $ 2 billion in operating profits .
The company earned just over $ 100 million more than second place Nokia , gobbling up a 32 % share of the global profits made in handset sales and achieving operating margins of 40 % .
Because these numbers reflect the first two quarters of 2009 , they only take into consideration less than two weeks of the surge in sales generated by the new iPhone 3GS .
Historically , the first half of the year has been the slowest for Apple 's mobile sales as buyers begin to anticipate the next refresh .
In terms of operating margins , second place RIM earned closer to 20 % , while Nokia , Samsung , and LG made closer to 10 % margins .
Sony Ericsson and Motorola continued to actually lose money in their handset sales , with the former losing $ 841 million and the latter loosing $ 762 million .
Ignoring the losses of Sony Ericsson and Motorola , but still considering their $ 8 billion in sales , Apple 's 8 % share of the industry 's revenue still accounts for 25 % of the world 's profits earned from phone sales .
The numbers vindicate Apple 's strategy of exclusively selling smartphones , rather than trying to soak up unit market share by marketing huge volumes of many models of low profit ' feature phones . '
Nokia , the leader in phone sales worldwide , has watched its market share evaporate under competition from Apple and RIM by doing just the opposite .
The only way to get out of debt is to understand why you ’re in debt in the first place .
And the truth is …
You will not save money when you get your next raise .
You will not save money when your car is paid off .
You will not save money when your kids are supporting themselves someday .
And you would n’t even save a dime if I handed you $ 100,000 in cash right now .
How do I know this ?
Because saving money has very little to do with the amount of money you have .
In fact , you will only start to save money when saving becomes an emotional habit – when you start treating the money you handle everyday differently .
So this is why you are in debt :
You buy miscellaneous crap you do n’t need or use .
– Stop buying ‘ stuff ’ on impulse !
Avoid the mall !
The mall is not a source for entertainment .
It ’s a source for personal debt .
There ’s no reason to tease yourself by staring at a bunch of brand new crap you do n’t need .
And as you know , the novelty of a new purchase wears thin long before the credit card bill arrives .
– Stop buying ‘ stuff ’ on impulse !
Avoid the mall !
The mall is not a source for entertainment .
It ’s a source for personal debt .
There ’s no reason to tease yourself by staring at a bunch of brand new crap you do n’t need .
And as you know , the novelty of a new purchase wears thin long before the credit card bill arrives .
You use credit to purchase things you ca n’t afford to buy in cash .
–
If you ca n’t pay for it in cash today , do n’t buy it today !
It ’s as simple as that .
– If you ca n’t pay for it in cash today , do n’t buy it today !
It ’s as simple as that .
You think of certain product brands as fashionable status symbols .
– A car gets you from point ‘ A ’ to point ‘ B . ’
A purse holds your personal belongings .
A pair of sunglasses shades your eyes from the sun .
A shirt keeps you warm .
If you ’re paying premium prices just to get a fashionable brand name labeled on each these products without any regard for how well the products actually serve their practical purpose , you have a problem .
– A car gets you from point ‘ A ’ to point ‘ B . ’
A purse holds your personal belongings .
A pair of sunglasses shades your eyes from the sun .
A shirt keeps you warm .
If you ’re paying premium prices just to get a fashionable brand name labeled on each these products without any regard for how well the products actually serve their practical purpose , you have a problem .
You buy a brand new car every few years .
–
See my previous point .
A car is a means of transportation to get you from one place to another .
If you ’re buying a new car every few years even when your old car works fine , you ’re likely trying too hard to impress the wrong people … and you ’re going broke in the process .
– See my previous point .
A car is a means of transportation to get you from one place to another .
If you ’re buying a new car every few years even when your old car works fine , you ’re likely trying too hard to impress the wrong people … and you ’re going broke in the process .
You buy things you could have borrowed from a friend or rented .
–
After you bought that DVD , how many times did you actually watch it ?
Do you really want a 20 inch chainsaw collecting dust in your garage ?
So you own a pressure washer you only use once every three years ?
You get the point … borrow and rent when it makes sense .
– After you bought that DVD , how many times did you actually watch it ?
Do you really want a 20 inch chainsaw collecting dust in your garage ?
So you own a pressure washer you only use once every three years ?
You get the point … borrow and rent when it makes sense .
You pay retail prices on everything you buy .
–
If you ’re paying retail prices , you ’re getting screwed .
You can easily save well over $ 1000 a year on general purchases by waiting for sales and shopping at discount outlets .
– If you ’re paying retail prices , you ’re getting screwed .
You can easily save well over $ 1000 a year on general purchases by waiting for sales and shopping at discount outlets .
You own ( or rent ) way more house than you need .
–
When you buy or rent a house that ’s bigger than you need , you end up wasting lots of money on larger monthly payments , higher upkeep costs , higher utility bills , and lots of random ‘ stuff ’ to fill up the extra empty space .
– When you buy or rent a house that ’s bigger than you need , you end up wasting lots of money on larger monthly payments , higher upkeep costs , higher utility bills , and lots of random ‘ stuff ’ to fill up the extra empty space .
You do n’t follow any sort of formal budgeting plan .
–
Do you assume that if you wait around and make more money your finances and credit debt will magically resolve themselves ?
I ’m sorry to say , you ’re dead wrong !
It takes a lot of planning and proactive budgeting to erase a pile of debt and build a nest egg of wealth .
So start now !
– Do you assume that if you wait around and make more money your finances and credit debt will magically resolve themselves ?
I ’m sorry to say , you ’re dead wrong !
It takes a lot of planning and proactive budgeting to erase a pile of debt and build a nest egg of wealth .
So start now !
You do n’t automate 401 K or savings deposits .
–
We ’re ten years into the new millennium .
If you are n’t using simple technology to automate savings deposits , you pretty much deserve to be broke .
– We ’re ten years into the new millennium .
If you are n’t using simple technology to automate savings deposits , you pretty much deserve to be broke .
You do n’t leverage the small investments you do have .
–
You have to give your money the opportunity to make money .
Any capital you do have , no matter how small , should be invested using a basic , long - term investment strategy .
If your capital is n’t invested , it ’s just losing value as inflation rises .
– You have to give your money the opportunity to make money .
Any capital you do have , no matter how small , should be invested using a basic , long - term investment strategy .
If your capital is n’t invested , it ’s just losing value as inflation rises .
You ’re married to ( or dating ) a spend - thrift .
–
You ’ll never get out of debt if you ’re married to a person who spends every dime you make .
So help your soul mate become financially responsible , or except life in the poorhouse .
– You ’ll never get out of debt if you ’re married to a person who spends every dime you make .
So help your soul mate become financially responsible , or except life in the poorhouse .
You ’ve never educated yourself on basic money management .
– Responsible money management is not an innate human instinct .
You have to properly educate yourself .
If you do n’t , you ’ll stay exactly where you are now , in debt .
– Responsible money management is not an innate human instinct .
You have to properly educate yourself .
If you do n’t , you ’ll stay exactly where you are now , in debt .
You have a ‘ get rich quick ’ mentality .
–
For 99.99 % of us , wealth does n’t come instantly .
You ’re far more likely to be struck by lightning twice than win the lottery once .
If you ’re spending your time and money on a ‘ get rich quick ’ scheme , the debt will just keep piling up .
– For 99.99 % of us , wealth does n’t come instantly .
You ’re far more likely to be struck by lightning twice than win the lottery once .
If you ’re spending your time and money on a ‘ get rich quick ’ scheme , the debt will just keep piling up .
You have nasty , money - sucking ( and life - sucking ) habits .
– Smoking , drinking and gambling are all perfect examples of bad habits in which you choose to trade short term pleasure for long term debt and discomfort .
So light one up , shoot one down , and toss another chip across the table .
It ’s only your life .
– Smoking , drinking and gambling are all perfect examples of bad habits in which you choose to trade short term pleasure for long term debt and discomfort .
So light one up , shoot one down , and toss another chip across the table .
It ’s only your life .
You waste too much of your own time .
–
They say “ time is money , ” but I think time is way more valuable than money .
It ’s the single greatest constituent of life .
If you fail to properly manage your time , you ’ll absolutely fail to properly manage your money … and you ’ll likely fail in every other aspect of your life as well .
So focus your time and energy on the important stuff and forget the rest .
– They say “ time is money , ” but I think time is way more valuable than money .
It ’s the single greatest constituent of life .
If you fail to properly manage your time , you ’ll absolutely fail to properly manage your money … and you ’ll likely fail in every other aspect of your life as well .
So focus your time and energy on the important stuff and forget the rest .
You are n’t taking care of your health .
– Keep your body and mind healthy !
Major medical problems drain back accounts , increase insurance rates , keep you from working and earning money , and generally guarantee that you will have long - term financial problems .
– Keep your body and mind healthy !
Major medical problems drain back accounts , increase insurance rates , keep you from working and earning money , and generally guarantee that you will have long - term financial problems .
You are n’t enjoying life ’s ( free ) simple pleasures .
–
The best things in life are free .
Stop wasting your money on second - rate entertainment and take a good look around you .
Mother Nature offers lots of entertainment free of charge .
Go hiking , go skinny dipping , play in the rain , build a bonfire with your friends , watch the sunset with your lover , etc .
– The best things in life are free .
Stop wasting your money on second - rate entertainment and take a good look around you .
Mother Nature offers lots of entertainment free of charge .
Go hiking , go skinny dipping , play in the rain , build a bonfire with your friends , watch the sunset with your lover , etc .
You went through an unfortunate divorce .
–
This final point might seem cruel , but it ’s impossible to discuss the major reasons why people accumulate financial debt without mentioning divorce .
Divorce absolutely destroys the finances of both parties involved .
So the best advice I can give you is :
Do n’t get married until you ’re certain you want to spend the rest of your life with your significant other .
And do n’t get a divorce until you ’ve truly exhausted all of your other possible options ( marriage therapy , etc. ) .
Please remember , financial debt can be avoided and erased .
It just takes a little effort , education , and determination on your end to make it possible .
So as I ’ve said before , live a comfortable life , not a wasteful one .
Do not spend to impress others .
Do not live life trying to fool yourself into thinking wealth is measured in material objects .
Manage your money wisely so your money does not manage you .
And always live well below your means .
Only hours after HIV vaccine researchers announced the achievement of a milestone that has eluded them for a quarter of a century , they began plotting their next steps -- and coming to grips with a sobering reality .
Their ultimate goal , halting the spread of AIDS , remains far in the future .
A Thai and American team had announced early Thursday in Bangkok that they had found a combination of vaccines that provided modest protection against infection with HIV , offering the first proof of principle that the deadly disease could be tamed by teaching the immune system to recognize the virus and defeat it .
Scientists around the world hailed the achievement .
But by Thursday afternoon , the initial wave of euphoria had given way to the recognition that many vexing questions will have to be answered before researchers can produce a vaccine that will reliably shield people from HIV .
For starters , it could take years to unravel the biological mechanisms that produced the apparent 31 % reduction in infections among those given the vaccine regimen .
Researchers have never before observed antibodies or other molecules in the blood that could block an infection of HIV , the virus that causes AIDS .
Now they will try to figure out whether this combination of vaccines stimulated new molecules , or provoked an unusual blend of ones previously observed .
Experts predicted that it would require two to three years of research to better understand how the vaccine worked , and an additional five to 10 years to produce a vaccine that was ready to test in people .
Some researchers even wondered whether the apparent reduction in infections was simply a statistical fluke resulting from the small number of HIV cases observed in the trial .
The abundance of unanswered questions has n’t sapped the enthusiasm of many HIV researchers .
After 26 years of seemingly futile research on vaccines , they have finally made some progress on demonstrating the feasibility of an HIV vaccine , said Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , which largely funded the $ 120 - million study .
“ This is the first positive signal -- modest though it may be -- that we have ever gotten with any vaccine that we have ever tested in humans , ” Fauci said .
But “ is it a vaccine that is ready for prime time ?
No . ”
The Thai trial , which began in 2003 , had been disparaged by many critics as a waste of time and money because its two vaccines had produced no benefit in individual trials .
But a few researchers speculated that using them together -- with one vaccine priming the immune system and the second boosting that response -- would be more effective .
The primer in this combo is Alvac , made by Sanofi Pasteur , which uses a defanged canarypox virus to carry three synthetic HIV genes into the body .
The boost comes from Aidsvax , originally made by VaxGen Inc. and now owned by the nonprofit group Global Solutions for Infectious Diseases .
It contains a genetically engineered version of a protein from the HIV surface .
The study , led by Dr. Supachai Rerks - Ngarm of the Thai Ministry of Public Health ’s Department of Disease Control , involved more than 16,000 volunteers in Thailand , all from the general population rather than from a pool of high - risk homosexuals and intravenous drug users used in past studies .
Half received four priming doses of Alvac and two boost doses of Aidsvax over a six - month period ; the other half received placebo shots .
After three years of follow - up , new HIV infections were observed in 74 of the 8,198 people who received the placebo , but in only 51 of the 8,197 given the vaccine , a statistically significant 31 % reduction .
To the researchers ’ disappointment , however , the vaccine did not reduce levels of HIV activity in those who became infected after being vaccinated .
The trial was carried out in Thailand because the initial research was conducted there and the vaccine was based on the version of HIV that circulates in that country .
Full details of the study will be released next month at a conference in Paris , and researchers are eagerly awaiting them .
Dr. Salim S. Abdool Karim , an epidemiologist at Columbia University in New York and director of the Centre for the AIDS Programme of Research in South Africa in Durban , said he was particularly eager to know whether people who got vaccinated and stayed healthy had a bigger response from the white blood cells known as cellular T lymphocytes .
“ A whole range of vaccines were developed on the hypothesis that they generated sufficient [ cellular T lymphocyte ] responses to either prevent infection or impact viral load , ” he said .
“ We ’ve never been able to test that hypothesis because no vaccine has worked until now . ”
And if it is not the lymphocytes , then “ what kind of compounds were the cells making when you inoculate them with the vaccine ? ” asked Dr. Spyros Kalams , an HIV immunology researcher at Vanderbilt University in Nashville and director of the HIV Vaccine Trials Program there .
“ Was it a compound that can kill infected cells ?
Does it make proteins that stop the virus from replicating ? ”
Researchers now will begin the painstaking work of comparing the blood of those who were vaccinated and resisted infection and those who did not .
Then they will look for molecules that are more abundant in the healthy people , Fauci said .
Once researchers identify these so - called correlates of immunity , they can begin to look for ways to prompt the body to make them -- the key to producing an effective vaccine .
The Thai results are “ an opening of a door to answer some very important questions , ” he said .
But several scientists cautioned that there was no guarantee the Thai blood samples would reveal the biological secrets of HIV immunity .
Surely some of the people who resisted HIV infection were protected by the vaccine , but not all , said Dr. Otto Yang , an immunologist at UCLA ’s David Geffen School of Medicine .
Yang also expressed doubt that a combination of vaccines made the difference in those who benefited .
He and others noted that this was the first large study to focus on a low - risk population .
Perhaps transmitting the virus through heterosexual sex instead of directly into the bloodstream on an intravenous needle gives the immune system a better chance of fighting off infection .
Although it is also unclear whether these particular vaccines could be used elsewhere in the world , scientists said that if they could figure out what made this combination work , they could localize the approach to other regions .
The dominant HIV strains vary from region to region .
At least 33 million people worldwide are infected with HIV and 25 million have died , the World Health Organization said .
An estimated 7,500 are infected each day , accentuating the need for a vaccine .
There have been three previous vaccine trials in humans .
Aidsvax had previously failed in two large trials halted in 2003 ; both showed no benefit to recipients .
Another trial by Merck & Co. of a different vaccine was halted prematurely in 2007 when researchers found that the vaccine might increase the risk of contracting the virus .
karen.kaplan@latimes.com
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
I ’ve seen a lot of curious ( bordering on horrific ) code in my life ; and I ’d say about half of it was written by me .
If you do n’t attest to the fact that you once wrote crap code then you ’re either a liar or perhaps , have omnipotent powers !
Here ’s a relatively small collection of what I see as bad JavaScript practices ; in other words – a list of how to write really really ugly JavaScript that will break !
I know it ’s quite a negative angle to take but it ’s easier than writing a post on best practices , plus it gives me a chance to vent !
Many of these are things I ’ve done in the past ; I ’ve since discovered the errors in my ways .
Non-constructor identifiers beginning with a capital letter
Variable names should only begin with a capital if they ’re pointing to constructor functions .
Doug Crockford has more :
There is a convention that all constructor functions are named with an initial capital , and that nothing else is spelled with an initial capital .
This gives us a prayer that visual inspection can find a missing new .
Not following conventions will only get you in trouble !
So , to be clear , this is all wrong :
var Color = ' red ' ; var SomeNumber = 234 ; var AnArray = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] ; var Foo = { bar : 123 } ; //
None of them should start with a capital letter !
Only functions that are constructors should be identified with an initial captial letter , not regular functions .
E.g .
/* This is a regular function .
*/ function sum ( ) { var total = 0 , i = 0 , len = arguments .
length ; for ( ; i < len ; ++ i ) { total += arguments [ i ] ; } return total ; } /*
This is a constructor function */ function Widget ( innerText , styles ) { this .
innerText = innerText ; this .
cssStyles = styles ; }
Not using the var statement to define variables
Not using the var statement when defining variables for the first time is a very bad idea .
These variables will become part of the global scope .
This sucks because you wo n’t get any warning .
Not only is it a bad practice but it can have a negative affect on performance , after - all , the further away a scope is the longer it takes to access .
So , always use the var statement :
foo = 3 ; // NO ! var foo =
3 ; // YES
Prefixing every new variable in a given scope with var
There ’s no point in having several var statements if you only need one :
var someVar1 = ' a ' ; var someVar2 = ' b ' ; var someVar3 = ' c ' ; //
Much easier : var someVar1 = ' a ' , someVar2 = ' b ' , someVar3 = ' c ' ;
Using non-strict comparison operators , and then comparing across different types
There are two classes of comparison operators ; those that type - cast ( == / != ) when required and those that do n’t ( === / !== ) .
You do n’t ever want to use the former !
1 == " 1 " ; // true false == " nt " ; // true [ [ ] , [ ] ] == true ; // true // ... Confused ?
See ?
It ’s obviously a bad idea !
Please only ever use strict - equality comparison operators ; they ’ll check that the two operands are identical , not just “ equal ” :
1 === " 1 " ; // false false === " nt " ; // false [ [ ] , [ ] ] === true ; // false // Just as expected !
Not “ caching ” non-varying complex objects
This is vitally important ; if you ’re going to be repeatedly using an object you should name it and save it !
A basic example :
function myFunction ( arg ) { var configObj = { option1 : 123 , option2 : 456 } ; // do stuff }
configObj is being created every time the function is executed .
It does n’t change on each call so there ’s no point in having it in the function body .
Here ’s a better alternative :
var myFunction = ( function ( ) { var configObj = { option1 : 123 , option2 : 456 } ; return function ( arg ) { // do stuff } ; } ) ( ) ;
Here we ’re storing configObj in a “ private ” scope only accessible to “ child ” scopes .
It ’s only being created one time so we ’ve instantly shaved notable milliseconds off execution time !
Doing too much in a loop or recursive function
Doing too much in a loop can have terrible affects on performance .
Every single thing you do inside a loop will add to its overall execution time and if this grows beyond about ~ 50 ms ( 100 ms max ) the user will start noticing .
There are a couple of small enhancements you can make to optimise your loops :
Cache object properties before the loop : for ( var i = 0 , len = array .
length ; i < len ; ++ i ) { } /*
Notice we 're caching the " length " property so we do n't have to check it on every iteration */
Loop in reverse if possible : var i = array .
length ; while ( i -- ) { /*
Combining the control condition and any control variable changes makes it much faster ! */ }
Not understanding and therefore not appreciating the benefits in abstracting repeatedly utilized code versus having a wall of unreadable code
Urm , yeh , the title says it all really !
Compare this :
document .
getElementById ( ' foo ' ) . style .
border = ' 3 px solid # FFF ' ; document .
getElementById ( ' foobar ' ) . style .
border = ' 3 px solid # FFF ' ; document .
getElementById ( ' foofoobar ' ) . style .
border = ' 3 px solid # FFF ' ; document .
getElementById ( ' foofoobarbar ' ) . style .
border = ' 3 px solid # FFF ' ;
… to this :
var all MyFoos = '# foo , # foobar , # foofoobar , # foofoobarbar ' ; jQuery ( all MyFoos ) . css ( ' border ' , ' 3 px solid # FFF ' ) ;
( Yes , jQuery is a superb example of “ abstracting repeatedly utilized code ” )
Choosing terseness over readability
Readability is always better than terseness .
There may be some situations where the more concise approach has other benefits but your main focus should normally be the readability of your code ; not just to you , but to other developers .
There ’s no need to dumb - down your code though ; readability is not the same as simplicity .
// 1 : while ( parent .
nodeName .
toLowerCase ( ) !== ' div ' && ( p = parent .
parentNode ) ) ; // 2 : do { if ( parent .
nodeName .
toLowerCase ( ) === ' div ' ) { break ; } } while ( parent = parent .
parentNode ) ; // 3 : do if ( parent .
nodeName .
toLowerCase ( ) === ' div ' ) break ; while ( parent = parent .
parentNode ) ;
The above constructs all do the same thing but one is clearly more readable that the other two .
Unfortunately with readability you gain ( arguably ) unnecessary cruft .
Not knowing what DRY is , or how to apply it to JavaScript
There are many different ways to express this concept but essentially it centers around not repeating yourself .
A good example :
elemCollection [ i ] . style .
color = ' red ' ; elemCollection [ i ] . style .
backgroundColor = ' blue ' ; elemCollection [ i ] . style .
border = ' 2 px solid # 000 ' ; elemCollection [ i ] . style .
paddingLeft = ' 3 px ' ; elemCollection [ i ] . style .
marginTop = ' 3 px ' ; elemCollection [ i ] . style .
fontSize = ' 1.2em ' ; elemCollection [ i ] . style .
fontStyle = ' italic ' ;
The above mess can be expressed in a much cleaner way :
applyCSS ( elemCollection [ i ] , { color : ' red ' , backgroundColor : ' blue ' , border : ' 2 px solid # 000 ' , paddingLeft : ' 3 px ' , marginTop : ' 3 px ' , fontSize : ' 1.2em ' , fontStyle : ' italic ' } ) ;
( Using the following helper function : )
function applyCSS ( el , styles ) { for ( var prop in styles ) { if ( ! styles .
has OwnProperty || styles .
has OwnProperty ( prop ) ) { el. style [ prop ] = styles [ prop ] ; } } return el ; }
Commenting every line
As Jeff Atwood boldly said :
If your feel your code is too complex to understand without comments , your code is probably just bad .
Rewrite it until it does n’t need comments any more .
If , at the end of that effort , you still feel comments are necessary , then by all means , add comments .
Carefully .
We ’ve all done it ; commented almost every other line thinking that it brings a whole new level of clarity to our code , when it actually impedes readability and distracts from the code itself .
Just try to limit how many comments you add ; they ’re not always as helpful as you think they are !
Using browser detection instead of feature detection
Feature - detection is future - proof .
Browser - detection is n’t .
It ’s as simple as that !
If , for example , you needed to find out whether a browser supports the min-height CSS property , you could test it in the following way :
var minHeightSupport = ( function ( ) { var a Height , bHeight , doc = document , aDiv = document .
createElement ( ' div ' ) , bDiv = document .
createElement ( ' div ' ) ; a Div. style .
position = b Div. style .
position = ' absolute ' ; doc. body .
appendChild ( a Div ) ; doc. body .
appendChild ( b Div ) ; b Height = bDiv. clientHeight ; doc. body .
removeChild ( b Div ) ; a Div. style .
minHeight = ( b Height + 1 ) + ' px ' ; a Height = a Div. clientHeight ; doc. body .
removeChild ( a Div ) ; return a Height > b Height ; } ) ( ) ;
Writing feature - tests can be a long and challenging exercise but in the end you should be left with something that ’s very reliable !
The above test goes something like this :
Create two DIV elements , “ aDiv ” and “ bDiv ” .
Absolutely position them so the page does n’t shift .
Append them both to the document .
Save bDiv ‘s current height then remove it from the document .
Set aDiv ‘s min-height property to one more than bDiv ‘s height .
If aDiv ‘s overall height is greater than bDiv ‘s height then min-height must be supported !
( The above function is just an example ; I have n’t tested it sufficiently yet . )
Creating DOM elements within a loop
It ’s slow ; very slow actually .
When you have no other choice then make sure you ’re using a document fragment that will be inserted into the document later , do n’t create and append individual DOM elements in to the actual document .
Regular slow approach :
for ( var i = 0 ; i < 100 ; ++ i ) { elementInDocument .
appendChild ( document .
createElement ( ' div ' ) ) ; }
Using a document fragment :
var fragment = document .
createDocumentFragment ( ) ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < 100 ; ++ i ) { fragment .
appendChild ( document .
createElement ( ' div ' ) ) ; } elementInDocument .
appendChild ( fragment ) ;
Using innerHTML and array.join ( ) ( even faster ) :
elementInDocument .
innerHTML += Array ( 101 ) . join ( ' < div / >' ) ;
Using inline event handlers , YUCK !
Just do n’t do it !
Take the unobtrusive approach instead .
Big no -no ! –
< a href = " javascript : void doSomething ( ) ; " > Click < / a > <!--OR--> < a href = " # " onclick = " return doSomething ( ) ; " > Click < / a >
Much better :
j Query ( ' element ' ) . click ( doSomething ) ;
( I ’m not saying you have to use jQuery but you should develop a couple of abstractions to make it easier to work with events and DOM elements – at the least )
Having long HTML strings in your JavaScript
They ’re ugly and hard to maintain .
Either use DOM methods or put the HTML elsewhere ; maybe in a template file or somewhere in the document , in a comment node or a hidden element .
Seriously , just look at this :
var widgetStructure = ' < div id= ' + widgetID + '>' + ' < h2 id= " ' + widgetTitleID + ' " >' + widgetTitle + '</h2 >' + ' < div id= " ' + widgetContentID + '" style= " ' + widgetContentStyles + ' " >' + ( function ( ) { var paras = '' ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < paraItems .
length ; ++ i ) { paras += '< p > ' + paraItems [ i ] + '</p >' ; } return paras ; } ) ( ) + '</div >' + '</div >' ;
Yes , I have seen that done before ; ugly as sin !
Please do n’t do it !
Thanks for reading !
Please share your thoughts with me on Twitter .
Have a great day !
An excerpt from John Pilger 's documentary The War on Democracy , which recounts the involvement of the United States government in the brutal 1973 military coup that overthrew the democratic socialist government of President Salvador Allende -- paradoxically on September 11 .
It ushered in a regime of torture and tyranny .
[ Click HERE to watch Pilger 's full film . ]
Below , see director Ken Loach 's moving contribution to the 11 " 9'01 project .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A group of rabbis and Jewish mystics has taken to the skies over Israel , praying and blowing ceremonial horns in a plane to ward off swine flu .
About 50 religious leaders circled over the country on Monday , chanting prayers and blowing horns , called shofars .
The flight 's aim was " to stop the pandemic so people will stop dying from it " , Rabbi Yitzhak Batzri was quoted as saying in Yedioth Ahronoth newspaper .
The flu is often called simply " H1N1 " in Israel , as pigs are seen as unclean .
SWINE FLU
Swine flu is a respiratory disease thought to spread through coughing and sneezing Symptoms mimic those of normal flu Good hygiene like using a tissue and washing hands thoroughly can help reduce transmission
lsraeli president swine flu scare Israel renames unkosher swine flu Q&A : What is swine flu ?
Eating pork is banned under Jewish dietary laws .
According to Israel 's health ministry , there have been more than 2,000 cases of swine flu in the country , with five fatalities so far .
" We are certain that , thanks to the prayer , the danger is already behind us , " added Mr Batzri was quoted as saying .
Television footage showed rabbis in black hats rocking backwards and forwards as they read prayers from Kabbalah , a form of Jewish mysticism which counts the singer Madonna among its devotees .
The shofar is the horn of a ram , and is used to mark major religious occasions in Judaism .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
UPDATE : 08.17.09
[ image - 47 ]
[ image - 62 ]
WALLOPS ISLAND , Va . - A successful NASA flight test has shown that a spacecraft returning to Earth can use an inflatable heat shield to slow and protect itself as it enters the atmosphere at hypersonic speeds .
This was the first time anyone has successfully flown an inflatable reentry capsule , according to engineers at NASA 's Langley Research Center .
The Inflatable Re-entry Vehicle Experiment , or IRVE , was vacuum - packed into a 15 - inch diameter payload " shroud " and launched on a small sounding rocket from NASA 's Wallops Flight Facility on Wallops Island , Va. Nitrogen inflated the 10 - foot ( 3 m ) diameter heat shield , made of several layers of silicone - coated industrial fabric , to a mushroom shape in space several minutes after liftoff .
" This was a huge success , " said Mary Beth Wusk , IRVE project manager , based at Langley .
" IRVE was a small - scale demonstrator .
Now that we 've proven the concept , we 'd like to build more advanced aeroshells capable of handling higher heat rates . "
The Black Brant 9 rocket took about four minutes to lift the experiment to an altitude of 131 miles ( 211 km ) .
Less than a minute later it was released from its cover and started inflating on schedule at 124 miles ( 199.5 km ) up .
The inflation of the shield took less than 90 seconds .
" Everything performed well even into the subsonic range where we were n't sure what to expect , " said Neil Cheatwood , IRVE principal investigator and chief scientist for the Hypersonics Project of NASA 's Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate 's Fundamental Aeronautics Program .
" The telemetry looks good .
The inflatable bladder held up well . "
Inflatable heat shields hold promise for future planetary missions , according to researchers .
To land more mass on Mars at higher surface elevations , for instance , mission planners need to maximize the drag area of the entry system .
The larger the diameter of the aeroshell , the bigger the payload can be .
08.10.09
Inflatable aircraft are not a new idea .
Hot air balloons have been around for more than two centuries and blimps are a common sight over many sports stadiums .
But it 's hard to imagine an inflatable spacecraft .
[ image - 78 ]
Researchers from NASA 's Langley Research Center in Hampton , Va. , are working to develop a new kind of lightweight inflatable spacecraft outer shell to slow and protect reentry vehicles as they blaze through the atmosphere at hypersonic speeds .
They will test a technology demonstrator from a small sounding rocket to be launched at NASA 's Wallops Flight Facility at Wallops Island , Va .
The launch is scheduled for Aug. 17 .
The Inflatable Re-entry Vehicle Experiment , or IRVE , looks like a giant mushroom when it 's inflated .
For the test , the silicon - coated Kevlar aeroshell is vacuum - packed inside a 16 - inch ( 40.6 cm ) diameter cylinder , but once it unfurls and is pumped full of nitrogen it is almost 10 feet ( 3 m ) wide .
Engineers say the concept could help land bigger objects on Mars .
" We 'd like to be able to land more mass on Mars , " said Neil Cheatwood , IRVE 's principal investigator and chief scientist of the Hypersonics Project within NASA 's Fundamental Aeronautics Program .
" To land more mass you have to have more drag .
We need to maximize the drag area of the entry system .
We want to make it as big as we can , but the limitation has been the launch vehicle diameter . "
According to Cheatwood , the idea of inflatable decelerators has been around for 40 years , but there were technical issues , including concerns about whether materials could withstand the heat of re-entry .
Since then materials have advanced and because of numerous Mars missions , including rovers , landers and orbiters , there 's more understanding of the Martian atmosphere .
That means researchers can now test a subscale model of a compact inflatable heat shield with the help of a small two - stage rocket .
The vehicle is a 50 - foot Black Brant 9 that will lift IRVE outside the atmosphere to an altitude of about 130 miles ( 209 km ) .
Engineers want to find out what the re-entry vehicle will do on the way down .
" The whole flight will be over in less than 20 minutes , " said Mary Beth Wusk , IRVE project manager .
" We separate from the rocket 90 seconds after launch and we begin inflation about three - and - a - half - minutes after that .
Our critical data period after it inflates and re-enters through the atmosphere is only about 30 seconds long . "
Cameras and sensors on board will document the inflation and high - speed free fall and send information to researchers on the ground .
After its brief flight IRVE will fall into the Atlantic Ocean about 90 miles down range from Wallops .
No efforts will be made to retrieve the experiment or the sounding rocket .
The Inflatable Re-entry Vehicle Experiment is an example of how NASA is using its aeronautics expertise to support the development of future spacecraft .
NASA 's Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate in Washington funded the flight experiment as part of its hypersonics research effort .
On the day of the launch the Wallops Flight facility plans to use the Internet to update the countdown status at :
› http://twitter.com/NASA_Wallops
A webcast the event will be featured at :
› http://www.nasa.gov/centers/wallops/events/index.html
In this article I interview Dr. Keith Kahn - Harris whom is the author of ' Extreme Metal : music and culture on the edge ' .
You may remember seeing him in the metal documentary ' Metal : A Headbanger ’s Journey ' .
I 'm glad that Keith agreed to to this fascinating interview and hope you enjoy reading it .
I chose to interview Keith because , like myself , he is keen to study metal music from an academic point of view .
He is able to see beyond the apparent noise and sensationalism , he sees something deeper .
He also provides an interesting insight into his childhood -- growing up in a Jewish family and listening to metal music .
Find out more about him on his website .
E : To get started perhaps you can introduce yourself by talking about how you got into metal .
When did you get into metal and what were the reasons for seeking out this music ?
Was this something that you kept quiet and hidden from your family / friends ?
It seems that metal music would not be respected or welcome in a Jewish household or community .
Was it hard for you to combine these aspects of your life ?
K : I first became interested in metal in the early 80s , when I was 9 or 10 .
I bought the singles of Iron Maiden 's ' Run to the Hills ' and ' The number of the Beast ' and a few other metal 7 inches of that period .
I did n't have much money to buy albums but I bought ' Screaming Blue Murder ' by Girlschool and a couple of compilations .
A friend taped me the album ' The Number of the Beast ' by putting the tape recorder up against the speaker !
I used to listen to the first 30 minutes or so of the Friday Rock Show until it got way past my bed time .
This is starting to look like any number of narratives of how people my age got into metal .
In the early 80s metal was pretty visible and I 've met plenty of people who took their first tentative steps into the metal world at a similar age to me during that period .
Where my story takes an unexpected turn is that after a year or two I totally repudiated metal .
I threw away all my metal records and stopped listening to Tommy Vance .
I did this histrionically in front of my parents proclaiming that I was ' through with it ' .
So why did I do this ?
It was n?t that I went off the music .
It had more to do with not being able to cope with being a lone metalhead anymore .
I grew up in a middle class Jewish family just outside London and I went to a top private school .
This is n't an environment particularly conducive to the child metalhead .
I soon drifted apart from the friend who taped me the Maiden album and in any case it was actually his brother 's album and he soon lost interest in metal .
I was the only metal - inclined person I knew and while being a lone member of a subculture is thrilling for many teenagers , for pre-teens as I was it can be very intimidating .
Not that I was a conformist necessarily , in fact I was pretty eccentric in many ways , but for some reason I did n't seem able at that stage to go down the route into being a lone metaller .
It also had to do with my family .
Let me be clear : my parents have never stopped me from doing anything I wanted to do or from consuming whatever kind of music and media attracted me .
In fact they were much cooler than many parents in this respect -- I remember watching Apocalypse Now at the age of 10 and was thrilled by the Woodstock movie at a similar age .
But my parents made it clear that they did n't like metal .
That does n't mean that they tried to stop me listening to it or disapproved of me doing so .
No , they were liberally minded Jewish middle class intellectuals and they thought metal vulgar and noisy .
At that stage in my life , as a pre-teen , I was n't able to handle this .
To answer your question , my jewish background was n't conducive to metal , but not in the ways you might think .
I was n't orthodox , we were practicing reform Jews , and this is a liberal environment without censorship or such things .
There was no religious disapproval or anything like that .
But early 80s metal did n't fit in this milieu , not so much for ideological reasons as for cultural reasons .
The over the top imagery and sound of early 80s metal , its blue - collar earthiness , was a world away from the aspirational , educationally - minded , relatively abstemious environment of British Jewry .
Anyway , my rejection of metal did n't last that long and in some ways was good for me .
For the first half of my teens I listened to a wide range of stuff .
I became obsessed with Talking Heads and Peter Gabriel .
I investigated anything from African music to King Crimson .
Gradually though I gravitated towards the indie scene and started going to gigs with schoolfriends .
I listened regularly to John Peel and through him I discovered grindcore .
The early sessions by Napalm Death , Bolt Thrower and the like completely blew me away .
I was n't the only indie kind who experienced this .
There 's a whole generation of us who moved back and forth between indie to grindcore / death metal .
Through Peel and grindcore I began to rediscover other kinds of mainstream metal .
Although I continued to repudiate NWOBHM and anything with much of a melody I got into thrash and death metal and the like .
By about 1990 I was going to extreme metal gigs .
By this time -- 18 years old or so -- it did n't bother me that I was the only one I knew who was into this kind of music .
I did n't care what my parents thought .
In fact , I quite liked the avant garde cachet that grindcore and extreme metal had .
I have always been involved in the Jewish community and its incredibly important to me .
What I learned in my late teens was that I could combine my interests in metal and extreme music with my Jewish interests and commitments .
I have n't always shouted from the rooftops that I was a Jewish metaller , but I have never hidden it either .
Today , in my late 30s , I relish moving between worlds .
What felt impossible as a kid feels essential now .
I am a more rounded person for my love for very different communities and aesthetics .
E : I , too , feel that I move between worlds when I state that my interests include astrophysics and metal .
Both have a history or appealing to geeks or people that are not quite part of the ' popular world ' .
Astrophysics , my degree , is very academic and perhaps lacking what Jung and Pauli would call ' sensing ' ( as it relates to feeling ) .
Extreme music on the other hand is characterized by extreme personae , extreme actions and often extreme points of view .
A typical conversation among astrophyicists might be about the nature of the universe , while a typical conversation among metal fans is about beer .
While this is a generalisation , I do believe that non-metal fans believe metal to be of a non-academic nature .
Hence , it would seem that astrophysics and metal are opposites .
Despite this I 've met many people that I consider intelligent whom are able to have both an intellectual discussion ( about anything ) and enjoy listening to metal .
So , I 'd like to ask you what it is about metal that makes you believe it can be discussed from an academic point of view ?
That metal is n't just about making dissonant noise .
What do you think is needed for metal to be taken ( more ) seriously as an academic form of music ?
K : Well the simple answer to your question is that anything can and should be discussed within academia .
The humanities and social sciences should be predicated on the assumption that human beings should interrogate the social and cultural world .
From this perspective , anything is interesting and worth studying -- including metal .
Now it has often been true that the study of art / music has tended to neglect anything other than canonical high culture .
Low / popular culture was often seen as not worth studying .
This has been challenged in the last few decades by perspectives that have questioned high / low cultural distinctions and -- more importantly -- not seen academic research as being ideally confined to ' worthy ' forms of art .
So this has opened a space for the study of all kinds of cultural forms .
It is also true though that even when researchers have seen popular music as worth studying , it took a long time for ' metal studies ' to develop .
The interdisciplinary field of popular music studies took off within academia in the 70s and 80s , but for a long time popular music scholars tended to consciously or unconsciously reproduce an idea of the canon , in which metal was viewed highly suspiciously .
Metal 's apparently reactionary nature meant that popular music scholars often avoided it .
This changed gradually in the 90s following the pioneering work of Deena Weinstein and Robert Walser , who both wrote excellent monographs on metal in the early 90s .
I started my research on metal in 1995 .
I was in part inspired by Walser and Weinstein , but it was also clear that they had neglected extreme metal and I found their American focus problematic .
Since finishing my PhD in 2001 , and particularly since publishing my book in 2006 , metal studies has taken off .
There are now more and more scholars interested in metal .
While metal ?s presence in popular music studies is still small compared to other genres such as electronic dance music , its historic neglect is beginning to be remedied .
In part I think that metal 's reputation has , in the last few years , finally begun to improve .
There is increasing awareness among taste - makers and intellectuals that metal has an innovative avant garde side .
In addition , mainstream metal , which was once seen as simply crass and sexist , is looked on increasingly fondly .
So I think it is finally starting to happen that metal is attracting the kind of serious analytical attention that it deserves .
E : I agree very strongly with the comment that anything can be studied from an academic context .
It is worrying when topics are omitted and as annoying when certain topics receive a heavy bias .
Trying to criticize / praise something from a neutral perspective is very difficult but that does n't mean we should bend to popular whims .
With the already released and upcoming films / documentaries about metal , I 'm hoping that metal will receive a larger audience from interested academics .
How many of these documentaries have you seen and would you be willing to offer comment upon their impact and usefulness in promoting metal ?
Examples that come to mind are Metal - A Headbanger 's Journey , Once upon a time in Norway ( from Norwegian TV can find on youtube ) , the soon to be released Until The Light Takes US .
Many books and documentaries like to focus upon the most infamous of all metal scenes : Norwegian Black Metal .
It is n't the only part of metal worth talking about but I 'm certainly biased to consider it as the most interesting and most important .
That said , I 'm still waiting for a documentary to cover it properly .
When I say properly , I think there is a need to study the underlying reasons for why the music exists and what it has to say .
The actions of the people involved and their personalities are interesting but in most studies of Norwegian BM the music takes a back seat .
The technical aspect of the music as well as the themes / ideas of the music are important and sadly not enough attention to paid to them .
I know that you 're specialty is in the sociological aspect of metal and certainly I welcome further developments of this , so I 'd be interested to know what else you have planned for future publications and if you could offer some insight into these future projects .
Have you considered going down the video documentary route ?
K : To answer your questions , I ’ve seen quite a few documentaries on metal .
In fact I was interviewed for Metal : A Headbanger ’s Journey ( I appear for about 20 seconds talking about Cannibal Corpse ) and helped Sam Dunn get in touch with Israeli metallers for the Global Metal film .
In general I enjoy documentary films as a genre and the gradual increase in numbers of metal documentaries is a positive development .
They offer an opportunity to represent metal in interesting and innovative ways .
I thought the Anvil documentary was particularly affecting .
It offers an insight into a side of metal ( and of popular music in general ) that is rarely publicised – that is the indefatigable commitment of metal band members .
While some reviews made predictable references to Spinal Tap , the film was well received even by people who hate metal .
You are correct that the more spectacular sides of metal , such as Norwegian black metal , offer temptingly sensational subjects for film makers .
There are of course many dangers here .
The Anvil film though showed that it was possible to represent metal without sensationalism , that the mundane reality of the majority of metal bands could be made interesting to viewers .
I myself would love to make a film – who would n’t – and I even had an exploratory chat on the subject a few months ago with a university friend who is now a director .
I doubt it will ever happen though !
Girl Bike Stunt
It is time for the girls to dominate the road with two wheels .
Autumn Bike Ride
This game will give you the right amount of challenge to keep you coming back for more .
Manic Rider
Jump on your bike and perform some breathtaking skills that only you can perform .
Ben 10 Moto Ride
Join Ben 10 as he drives his really cool bike on different challenging areas .
Construction Yard Bike
Have fun with nine levels of pure adrenaline - pumping action on two wheels .
Risky Rider 4
Customize your bike and then test its endurance on several terrains .
Startupmeme est le blog de référence pour les dirigeants , auto - entrepreneurs , cadres et toutes autres professionnels désireux d’être informés des dernières nouveauté du monde de l’entreprise et , surtout , désireux d’aller toujours plus loin et d’innover .
Entreprises , investissements , administratif , placements et services , vous saurez tout ce que vous avez besoin de savoir pour mener et faire évoluer votre entreprise comme vous l’entendez .
Votre entreprise à la pointe de l’innovation
Faire grandir et évoluer son évoluer son entreprise vous apparaitra bien plus simple une fois que vous aurez les bons outils et les bons matériaux .
Pour se faire , nous rédigeons de nombreux articles et guides pour vous aider à gérer et optimiser au mieux votre business .
Vous trouverez de quoi peaufiner , alimenter et inspirer ce que vous avez déjà construit .
Le monde de l’entreprise étant un espace d’échange et de progrès nous mettons aussi des entreprises à l’honneur : des jeunes entreprises et startups aux entreprises connues de tous et ayant fait ses preuves , vous aurez de quoi vous inspirer et vous ouvrir à de nouveaux horizons .
COUNTRIES NEED to assess carefully the risks and benefits of the rapid approval of a human swine flu vaccine to avoid the repeat of past problems with mass - vaccination , medical journal The Lancet has said .
The publication said the fast - tracking of vaccines could lead to a repeat of the problems surrounding a 1976 H1N1 vaccination programme in the United States .
Three elderly people died on the day the vaccine was introduced in October 1976 , causing panic and the eventual abandonment of the vaccine programme .
The Lancet said the vaccine might be licensed without the usual safety and efficacy data requirements and all monitoring will have to be done after the vaccine has been administered .
It also pointed out that the disease has so far been mild with most patients making a full recovery and therefore there should be strong post - marketing surveillance in place before the rolling out of a vaccine .
The vaccines , which are still being developed , are likely to be available in Ireland by October and everybody will be in a position to get them .
The chief medical officer Dr Tony Holohan said they would not be recommending the vaccine to any group unless the balance of risk is in favour of them being vaccinated .
Six of the seven foreign students staying on the UCD campus who are suspected of having human swine flu have been released from quarantine .
The other student is being assessed by a GP and has been prescribed paracetamol rather than tamiflu which is usually only given to those who have contracted swine flu .
Ten students , who are from Italy and Spain , were also monitored by GPs .
They have all been cleared while another student who presented yesterday with flu - like symptoms is being assessed .
A spokesman for UCD said the university , the biggest in the country , has a comprehensive plan to prepare for the potential threat which will occur when students and staff return to the college in September .
WHEN demand is scarce and jobs are being lost , no one relishes a strong currency .
A country with an uncompetitive exchange rate will struggle to sell its wares abroad and will also cede its home market to foreign firms .
A weak exchange rate , by contrast , encourages consumers to switch from pricey imports to cheaper home - produced goods and services .
So which countries has the foreign - exchange market blessed with a cheap currency , and which has it burdened with a dear one ?
The Economist 's Big Mac index , a lighthearted guide to valuing currencies , provides some clues .
It is based on the theory of purchasing - power parity ( PPP ) , which says that exchange rates should equalise the price of a basket of goods in each country .
In place of a range of products we use just one item , a Big Mac hamburger , which is sold worldwide .
The exchange rate that leaves a Big Mac costing the same in dollars everywhere is our fair - value benchmark .
The dollar buys the most burger in Asia .
A Big Mac costs 12.5 yuan in China , which is $ 1.83 at today 's exchange rate , around half its price in America .
Other Asian currencies , such as the Malaysian ringgit and Thai baht , look similarly undervalued .
Businesses based in continental Europe have most to be cheesed off about .
The Swiss franc remains one of the world 's dearest currencies .
The euro is almost 30 % overvalued on the burger gauge .
Denmark and Sweden look even less competitive .
Care is needed when drawing quick conclusions from fast - food prices .
The cost of a burger depends heavily on local inputs , such as rent and wages , which are not easily arbitraged across borders and tend to be lower in poorer countries .
So PPP gauges are better guides to misalignments between countries with similar incomes .
On that basis , the markets have been kindest to British exporters .
A year ago the pound was overvalued by more than a quarter on the Big Mac gauge .
Now it is close to its fair value against the dollar and looks cheap against the euro .
That shift has upset some other EU countries that had relied on selling to spendthrift British consumers .
But after years of struggling with an overvalued currency , British firms will feel they deserve a little mercy .
Felony cyberbullying charges have been filed against a Missouri woman who posted a fake " Casual Encounters " Craigslist ad for a 17 - year - old girl with whom the woman had an Internet argument .
Though changes to Missouri 's anti-harassment law to cover cyberbullying have already resulted in misdemeanor charges in several cases , this incident is the first to involve a victim under 18 and a " cyberbully " 21 or over , which makes the charge a felony .
Missouri changed its law to criminalize cyberbullying last year after the now - infamous " MySpace Mom " case involving Missouri resident Lori Drew .
Drew had been posing as a 16 - year - old boy on MySpace that at first befriended 13 - year - old Megan Meier , but then suddenly began sending her hateful messages and publishing Meier 's private messages to " him " online .
The betrayal led Meier , who had a history of depression , to commit suicide .
It was later revealed that Drew had created the fake MySpace persona to retaliate against Meier , who was believed to have badmouthed her daughter Sara after the two girls had a falling out .
Drew was originally arrested , but was later released when authorities discovered that Drew 's actions — though distasteful — did n't violate any criminal law .
That prompted US attorney Thomas O'Brien to go through some legal gymnastics to prosecute Drew under federal jurisdiction , since her creation of the fake account was technically a violation of MySpace 's terms of service .
O'Brien reasoned that using MySpace while violating the TOS constituted " unauthorized access " that violated federal anti-hacking laws .
Despite protests that the charges went too far out of the scope of the law , Drew was found guilty of three misdemeanor violations of federal statues by a jury , though the conviction was recently overturned by a federal judge .
Because there were no criminal laws specifically against cyberbullying , it led Missouri legislators to amend its anti-harassment laws to include cyberbullying as a crime .
While violations are normally a misdemeanor , charges can be upgraded to a felony if the victim is under 18 and the suspect is over 20 .
That stipulation is designed to specifically address adults that harass minors online .
Forty - year - old Elizabeth
Thrasher evidently got into a heated argument with her ex-husband 's current girlfriend on — you guessed it — MySpace .
Somehow the girlfriend 's daughter , a 17 - year - old , ended up involved in the spat .
" Who started what is up for debate , " St. Charles County Prosecutor Jack Banas told the Associated Press .
Thrasher then created a personal ad on Craigslist , ostensibly in retaliation against the daughter , which included the girl 's photo , e-mail address , and cell phone number .
The girl received numerous calls , e-mails , texts , and several NSFW photos , which prompted her to call police .
Thrasher is currently out of jail on a $ 10,000 bond , though she has been prohibited from having a computer or Internet access .
If convicted , she could face as much as four years in state prison , and a fine as high as $ 5,000 .
She 's being represented by attorney Mike Kielty , who has been outspoken against Missouri 's law , calling it " a knee - jerk reaction to a high - profile case that was blown out of proportion . "
The US House of Representatives is considering similar legislation in the form of HR 1966 , aka the Megan Meier Cyberbullying Prevention Act .
The law would provide for penalties of two years in prison , fines , or both if guilty of harassing someone via any electronic means — including texts , e-mails , forum posts , even tweets .
Like the Missouri law , critics argue that the law as written leaves too much open to interpretation , and could potentially be used to suppress Constitutionally - protected free speech .
Suddenly , griping about a politician repeatedly online , for instance , could become a felony if the language were " severe " enough .
However , Tina Meier , Megan 's mother and an anti-cyberbullying campaigner , said Missouri 's law should be enforced .
" This is not a joke , " Meier told the Associated Press .
" There have been too many people who have taken their own lives , too many people and their families getting hurt by this . "
It 's certainly a fine line that must be tread .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 3/8/2009 ( 4075 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
WINNIPEG – The University of Manitoba has sanctioned a former researcher after an internal investigation concluded he faked data and made up experiments that led to a seemingly groundbreaking study published in one of the world 's most prestigious science journals .
The news that disgraced U of M plant science researcher Fawzi Razem committed the biggest sin in science comes eight months after the journal Nature retracted what was once considered a breakthrough study .
Fawzi Razem
Razem , working in the lab of Prof.
Robert Hill , claimed to have discovered a receptor for the major hormone linked to a plant 's response to environmental stress .
The receptor that has eluded scientists for two decades was identified in an article and featured in the editor 's summary in the January 2006 edition of Nature , one of the world 's most renowned international science journals .
The receptor was long sought after , as it could help plants better adapt to cold or drought .
Concerns about the research emerged last summer when a team of researchers from New Zealand could n't replicate Razem 's work -- a red flag that there could be serious problems with the original findings .
A December 2008 online edition of Nature said the study made " erroneous conclusions " and there is no evidence to support Razem 's findings .
The university would not initially confirm if an internal investigation was underway .
That changed July 30 when the U of M issued a statement in a newsletter confirming that Razem had committed fraud .
" Specifically , the committee concluded that certain experiments claimed to have been conducted , in fact , were not , and that results were fabricated , " the bulletin said .
" This case is a very rare and isolated incident , and there are already safeguards in place to prevent such occurrences . "
The statement said the U of M has implemented sanctions against Razem and that he will " never be recommended for an academic appointment of any kind at the university . "
Razem resigned when the initial allegations surfaced .
The U of M determined the allegations warranted an in - depth investigation and struck a committee that consisted of the academic vice - president and three impartial faculty members .
U of M officials could not be reached for comment over the weekend .
Experts say cases of academic fraud are rare and undermine the pillars of scientific research .
" It 's a crime against other researchers , " said Arthur Schafer , a U of M ethics professor .
" It undermines the researchers at the university and the trust of the public and the integrity of the research . "
Although few cases are so extreme , Schafer said there is a growing concern in the research community about pressure to " make a name " and garner lucrative corporate sponsors .
Schafer said science is one of the few professions where staff have to snag grants to pay for their equipment and assistants , and there is increasing competition for research dollars .
" It 's only in the last decade this has come to be a challenge , " Schafer said , adding that universities should rely on governments , not corporations , to fund independent research .
In the December 2008 online edition of Nature , New Zealand scientists said there is " no evidence " to indicate the U of M discovered a receptor that can manipulate the major hormone linked to a plant 's response to environmental stress .
Their study found several inconsistencies .
jen.skerritt@freepress.mb.ca
TRAVERSE CITY , Michigan ( Reuters ) - LG
Chem
Ltd will have the capacity to build battery cells that could support up to 250,000 electric vehicles in the United States when its first U.S. plant becomes fully operational in 2013 , the chief of the U.S. unit said on Thursday .
Compact Power , the Michigan - based unit of South Korea ’s LG Chem , is investing between $ 300 million to $ 400 million to build a battery cell manufacturing facility in Michigan , Compact Power Chief Executive Prabhakar Patil told Reuters .
The project is supported by $ 151 million in grants awarded by the Obama administration , he added .
The grant , announced on Wednesday , was part of the $ 2.4 billion allocated by the U.S. government as part of its “ green ” economy vision and efforts to enhance U.S. energy independence by supporting battery technology for clean - energy cars .
Compact Power is supplying next - generation lithium - ion batteries for General Motors Co’s Volt plug - in , the centerpiece of the automaker ’s effort to move away from gas - guzzling vehicles .
It has also won the contract to build batteries for GM ’s planned SUV plug - in for the Buick brand .
“ We ’re seeing a strengthening of commitment for electric vehicles not only from GM but other manufacturers that we believe this is going to be a sustainable business , sustainable volume , ” Patil said in an interview .
“ Plus , the U.S. government is very serious about supporting battery technology , ” Patil said on the sidelines of an industry conference in Traverse City , Michigan .
He said that its cell manufacturing facility is scheduled to open in the second quarter of 2012 .
When the plant becomes fully operational in 2013 , it would hire more than 400 people , he added .
Almost all battery manufacturing for advanced technology vehicles is based in Asia .
Under the contract with GM , LG Chem initially will manufacture battery cells for the Volt at its existing plant in South Korea .
The cells will then be shipped directly to a GM battery assembly facility to be built in Michigan .
However , sharply higher U.S. fuel economy standards and increased consumer demand for fuel efficient vehicles have provided a sustainable business case for setting up cell manufacturing capacity in the United States , Patil said .
The Volt , which is scheduled to go into production in late 2010 , remains one of the most closely watched upcoming GM vehicles and is seen as key to the automaker ’s efforts to reinvent itself after it emerged from bankruptcy in July .
Compact Power ’s U.S. battery cell plant will be capable of building 15 million to 20 million cells annually , which would support up to 250,000 battery packs , Patil said .
Each battery pack would power one vehicle .
The company is looking at three sites in Michigan : St. Clair , Pontiac and Holland , and expects to select the final location by the end of 2009 , he said .
Lured by the growth potential of the automotive battery industry , several private equity investors have expressed interest in investing in Compact Power , but the company does not see immediate need for external capital , Patil said .
Per a press release I stumbled over today , Aubrey de Grey and S. Jay Olshansky will be debating longevity science at an investment - focused actuarial conference at the end of next month :
Longevity estimates continue to exert a major influence on the value of life settlement investments .
Over the past few years , estimates have changed and , in some cases , dramatically affected the value of portfolios .
The future of human longevity and the possibility of radical lifespan extension have caused some uncertainty among this investing community .
The Medical Life Expectancy Debate will present both sides of the fundamental question :
Is radical human lifespan extension within our grasp ?
Dr. de Grey , arguing for the motion , states : " Radical postponement of age - related ill - health is a feasible medical goal . "
De Grey argues that there is a 50 % chance of life extension therapies arriving in 25 - 30 years .
If that happens , lifespans could theoretically be extended almost indefinitely and it ’s possible that the first person to live for a thousand years is actually alive today .
Dr. S. Jay Olshansky , on the other hand , makes the case that radical life extension is not going to happen - if it ever happens - in time to influence any of the investment decisions made by those involved with life settlements or insurance linked securities .
Olshansky continues , " Nothing in gerontology comes close to fulfilling the promise of dramatically extended human lifespans , but it may soon be possible to slow aging enough to influence ILS in the near - term . "
Insofar as anyone gets to be appointed spokesperson , de Grey and Olshansky might be considered spokespeople for the two opposing viewpoints on research strategy in the pro-longevity gerontology community today .
On the one hand we have the Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence that focus on repair of damage and circumventing incomplete understanding of our biochemistry , with the goal of reversing aging and rejuvenating the old as soon as possible .
On the other hand , we have the Longevity Dividend and metabolic engineering , efforts with a focus on establishing complete understanding of our biochemistry and using that understanding to slow down the ongoing progression of aging .
Note that there are ever fewer voices from the scientific community arguing that we should not or cannot significantly intervene in the aging process .
The consensus is that we can , and the important debates are all now over methodology and timelines .
By far the dominant view in the aging research community at present is that metabolic engineering to slow aging is the only viable way forward to longer , healthier lives .
This is unfortunate , because metabolic engineering does n't seem likely to produce results any faster than SENS - like strategies at a given level of research investment , and it wo n't produce end results that are of any great benefit to people who are already old .
Slowing aging by slowing down ongoing damage is n't worth much to someone who is already damaged and old .
( Those people who are already old and damaged will include most of you reading this now given the expected timeline of development ) .
That said , it is promising to see both sides presenting their views to a wealthy and interested community .
I 've posted on the topic of actuaries and the life insurance industry in the past ; vast sums of money rests upon projections of life expectancy , and the uncertainty in those projections stemming from the biotechnology revolution is causing ever more attention to be directed towards longevity science in those quarters .
Hopefully some of those folk will take time away from thinking about their portfolios to ponder their personal futures and how they can influence those futures by supporting longevity research .
COVID -19 UPDATE
Beverly Hills Institute of Ophthalmology Has Re-opened
We have limited visits to avoid the unnecessary social exposure between patients and staff .
Our primary goal is providing the highest standard of care .
We have modified our approach in order to deliver continued care with the latest technological advances obtainable .
TELEMEDICINE IS AVAILABLE
Please call our normal phone number ( 310)273-2333 or email us at appt@90210eyes.com to schedule the consult .
Options are Facetime , Skype , Google Duo and WhatsApp .
A secure and downloadable App is EyecareLive .
Search “ eyecarelive ”
OUR REGISTRATION & INTAKE PROCESS
Click on the Patient Forms on our website for Online Registration
** Wear a face covering prior to your arrival .
we request only essential members join you for the appointment .
Upon arrival we will take your temperature and sanitize your hands .
After check - in , patients are brought back to the exam room as soon as possible .
Our staff are equipped with PPE and the exam lanes were fitted with safety shields to minimize direct contact with the patients .
All areas of the office are routinely disinfected with SANI - CLOTH ®
HB a germicidal disposable wipe . ( Bactericidal / Fungicidal / Virucidal ) .
All instruments are properly sterilized with disinfectant or onsite autoclave .
Sincerely ,
A.James Khodabakhsh , MD Medical Director
John D. Hofbauer , MD
Billy X. Pan , MD
Judging in the Boys Room -- Starting and Stopping a Dangerous Habit
As I 've become more aware of my ingrained habits and beliefs , I 've been noticing just how many judgments I make a day .
I do n't like it , but to stop being judgmental is sort off like trying to quit a two - pack - a - day cigarette habit .
If only there was a patch to get me through those moments when I just have to make a judgment .
I can't stop myself .
Just one more judgment , my ego insists .
It ca n't hurt .
Quit tomorrow .
Just one more .
Then I light up .
At least at those times , I 'm making a choice .
Most of the time , I just blow through judgments without thinking , force of habit .
I 've actually stopped for a few days at a time , but then i get in rush hour traffic , or argue with a loved one and I just have to have a judgment .
Next thing , I 'm stopping at a 24 - hour convenience store to pick up some more .
I 've tried " judgment lights , " softening my judgments of myself and others .
But that does n't work either , because there is no order of judgment .
A small one has just as much impact as a big one , spiritually speaking .
Filters are useless .
I 've event tried the " natural " judgments , the ones without harmful additives like " consequences . "
But the act of judging is still us telling our Expanded Selves that what we 've created is not good enough , instead of recognizing it for the miracle it is .
I just have to stop , period .
Like many others , I got hooked in my formative years .
I was n't even legally old enough to have judgment , but I could always get someone to sell it to me .
I thought it was cool to be judgmental .
In high school , I used to hang out with the other judges , judging those less talented and fortunate and cool .
We 'd sneak a judgment at lunch and then after school in the parking lot .
It continued through college , where I was introduced to many other types of judgment , including some that were mind altering .
By the time I 'd graduated , I could judge others in many more ways , through science , politics and even literature .
I think we called it being intelligent and discriminating back then .
Nice euphemisms .
But by whatever name , it was addictive .
I eventually went into the newspaper business , a high pressure job that had me drinking coffee and making judgments all day just to get by .
We were n't officially allowed to make judgments in the newsroom , that was against our code of ethics , but it happened anyway .
In fact , some editors secretly rewarded judgmental reporters and the editorial writers simply flaunted their judgment .
It was a weird double standard .
Although the health risks of judging had been known for a long time , just knowing that judgments were turning my soul black was not enough for me , and millions of others , to quit .
This was something that was beyond reason .
You could have stamped the warning on the side of every self - help book I ever read , and it would n't have made a difference .
But now in my 50s , I 've begun to see the damage it 's done to me .
I suffer from shortness of patience .
My clothes , home and car all smell like judgment .
Long airplane flights just kill me .
Potential girlfriends can smell the judgment on my breath .
I 've even found that judgment can be harmful to pregnant thoughts or actions , damaging or destroying them before they could even form .
But worst of all , I 've done all that judging , and I 've still gained weight .
Now that my circle of friends has changed and I 'm creating more and more spiritually attuned people to come into my life , I 'm embarrassed to judge in front of them , so I sometimes have to step outside on the patio to have a judgment .
I feel alienated .
But maybe that 's the first step toward recovery .
Those in the know insist that the harmful effects of judging can be reversed , but I have to stop judging .
I 'm sure there is a 12 - step program out there somewhere .
Perhaps Robert Scheinfeld is at this very moment creating a Busting Loose from The Judgment Game program .
I hope so .
In the meantime , I 'm doing everything I can to change my consciousness about judgment .
But if you know where I can get some spiritual help , please let me know .
In other words , anybody got a light ?
Wegen Wirtshausschlägerei USA warnen vor Reisen nach Garmisch - Partenkirchen
Der Appell des US - Konsulats ist eindringlich : US - Bürger sollen Garmisch - Partenkirchen an diesem Wochenende meiden - im Interesse ihrer eigenen Sicherheit .
Hintergrund der Warnung ist eine Schlägerei vor einer Kneipe , bei der böse Worte gefallen waren .
Deutsche Behörden sind verärgert .
Just when you thought the effects of U.S. drug policy could n’t get more pernicious , guess what ?
That ’s where we ’re headed .
Mexico ’s young democracy is already paying a high price for the lethal combination of prohibition and strong gringo demand for mind - altering substances .
Drug violence has escalated as Mexican suppliers intent on satisfying appetites across the border have tangled with each other and law enforcement .
Now the U.S. is getting ready to raise the incentives for gangsters .
Continue Reading HERE
When Apple rejected Google voice App from App Store , questions were raised .
How could they reject such a revolutionary App for a premier partner of Apple ?
It did n’t make sense .
Most people predicted the culprit is AT&T .
Apple living hard on AT&T ’s mercy , goes as per what suits this steamy big old carrier .
Were predicting that someone someday will wake up to investigate why Google ’s Voice app was rejected .
Did Apple give out a similar excuse – like they did for avoiding Leagalization of Jailbreaking of iPhone .
Now FCC is involved and they have begun an investigation into the matter .
“ The Federal Communications Commission has a mission to foster a competitive wireless marketplace , protect and empower consumers , and promote innovation and investment , ” FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski said last evening .
“ Recent news reports raise questions about practices in the mobile marketplace .
The Wireless Bureau ’s inquiry letters to these companies about their practices reflect the Commission ’s proactive approach to getting the facts and data necessary to make the best policy decisions on behalf of the American people . ”
As a matter of fact , Investigation had already started .
In its letters to AT&T , Apple , and Google , the Commission asked each party to clarify exactly what happened and why the application was blocked from the iTunes App Store .
From Apple , the FCC would like to know why the Google Voice applications were removed , why Google ’s own client was rejected from the App Store , and whether or not any other related applications were removed .
In addition , the FCC would like contact information for the involved developers .
They ’re also interested in any differences between Google Voice and other VoIP applications that did get approved for the App Store .
They also want to know if Apple did this in consultation with AT&T , or whether they acted alone .
On a more general note , they also want to know if AT&T has any influence in the App Store approval process , whether in general or for specific applications .
But this is n’t all .
The FCC is also interested in the App Store beyond just the Google Voice issue .
The FCC wants to know the criteria for App Store rejection , the details of the submission process , the amount of rejected applications , a list of those applications , and so on .
Among its half - dozen questions , the FCC bluntly asked Apple why the app was rejected , and whether there is a list of prohibited apps that is provided to potential vendors , developers and iTunes customers .
To AT&T , the commission asked a number of similar questions , and asked to “ Explain AT&T ’s understanding of any differences between the Google Voice iPhone application and any Voice over Internet Protocol applications that are currently used on the AT&T network , either via the iPhone or via handsets other than the iPhone . ”
As the Wall Street Journal pointed out this evening , this inquiry is significant because the FCC received no complaints about the rejection , and it was spurred purely by “ Recent press reports [ which ] indicate that Apple has declined to approve the Google Voice application for the iPhone and has removed related ( and previously approved ) third - party applications from the iPhone App Store . ”
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Usain Bolt has revealed he may compete in the long jump after dominating the sprint events in the World Championships and at the 2008 Olympics .
Bolt set five world records on his way to winning the 100m , 200 m and 4x100 m in Berlin and in Beijing before that .
" I 'd love to try the long jump before I retire because I think I 'd be very good at it , " said the 23 - year - old Jamaican .
Bolt has also floated the possibility he could compete in the 400 m at the London Olympics in 2012 .
" I do n't want to do it , but if my coach decides I 'm dominant over 100 m and 200 m and says ' Let 's try something new ' , I 'll definitely put my heart and soul into it , " he added .
Mike Powell , who holds the current long jump record with a leap of 8.95 m , believes Bolt could be the man to break the 9m mark .
606 : DEBATE
Lots of technical issues for sure , but if Bolt trains for it ...?
radclifferoad
He said : " I can show him how to jump nine metres .
With his height he is the type who would scare me .
" We are dealing with a freak of nature athlete .
He is off the charts . "
Attempting a move into the long jump would see Bolt join the likes of athletics legend Carl Lewis and Jesse Owens , as sprinters with the capacity to thrive in jumping events .
One thing Bolt did categorically confirm is that he will not be pursuing any further world records this season .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
An Iranian lawmaker vowed Saturday to examine allegations that dozens of unidentified people killed in the recent post-election unrest were secretly buried last month in the country ’s largest cemetery .
The reformist website Norooznews.org on Friday cited an unnamed employee of the capital ’s Behesht Zahra cemetery as saying that 44 unidentified corpses were buried July 12 and 15 amid heavy security .
Majid Nasirpour , a reformist lawmaker who serves on the parliament ’s Social Affairs Committee , filed a request for an inquiry , reported the website Parlemannews.ir .
“ This news story needs to be verified , ” he told the website Saturday .
“ I will ask the committee to investigate the allegations . ”
Advertisement
The number of those killed during the weeks of violence that followed the disputed June 12 presidential election is a source of controversy : Iranian officials say that as few as 20 died , nine of whom were pro-government militiamen .
Iranian opposition figures say that at least 69 have been killed , and Western officials in Tehran estimate the number of dead nationwide to be in the hundreds .
Norooznews , the online incarnation of a respected newspaper shut down by authorities in 2002 , said it had obtained the registration numbers of the burial permits to back up its report .
The website previously reported that bodies were piled up at a mortuary in southwest Tehran .
Iranian authorities have made a concerted effort to downplay the numbers and accounts of those killed during the unrest , pressuring families not to hang mourning banners on their homes and ordering mosques not to allow memorial services .
Nonetheless , mourners Thursday night marked the 40th - day burial anniversary of Sohrab Arabi , a 19 - year - old who was apparently shot in the chest during a June 15 demonstration and whose whereabouts was unknown for almost a month .
Advertisement
They took to the streets and chanted political slogans in the expansive Tehran apartment complex where his family lives , videos posted to the Internet showed .
--
daragahi@latimes.com
Compression : Algorithms : Markov Models
( 5-28-96 ) This section presumes a basic understand of arithmetic encoding , or that you have read the Statistical Algorithms section .
This text will describe the ideas behind and methods of implementing modern modelling schemes .
The basic goal of modelling is to provide a probability estimate to the arithmetic encoder .
You will recall that if an arithmetic encoder is given the ideal range sizes for the characters , that it will encode them with maximum compression .
Thus , we need a model which can provide these range sizes .
The first step is to put the data into its " natural state " .
This means that text , and most similar data , should be read in 8 - bit bytes .
Binary images should be read as bits .
Full color images should be transformed into a Fourier or Wavelet basis .
Sound should be decompossed into subbands .
And so on - compression works best on the " natural state " of data .
For this discussion , we will presume we are compression " text - like " data ( i.e postscript , source code , binaries , database files , etc. ) and will deal with 8 - bit bytes .
( 1-1-98 )
Let me talk briefly about why we need modelling .
Let 's say we have some arithmetic encoder .
There are various possible inputs ( eg bytes ) , call them ' n ' , and each occurs with a probability P( n ) ( in general , this is not enough to describe the " source " , eg. a file , a book , you , but it 'll do for now ) .
Now , as I 've shown in my Kraft Inequality article , and perhaps convinced you if you 've read the ' statistical ' section , the best the arithmetic coder can do for decodability is to assign a length to each entry n :
L(n ) = - log [ Q(n ) ]
where Sum[n ] Q(n ) = 1
and Q >= 0 for all n
( the first line here is just a definition of Q , the latter lines are the Kraft inequality - the decodability requirement ) .
Hence , with a probability P( n ) we write a length L( n ) , so that the average output length is :
H(n ) = Sum[n ] P(n ) L(n ) =
- Sum[n ] P ( n ) log [ Q(n ) ]
Now , H is the entropy ( the average output length ) .
In compression , all we can do is to change the Q's .
The P are the actual probalities - the character of the source ; for example , in text P ( 'e ' ) > P ( 'x ' ) ( if you watch Wheel of Fortune you can rattle off P( ' rstlne ' ) > P( else ) )
We are free to choose the Q's ; a choice of Q's is called a " model " .
If I just chose the Q's arbitrarily , it would be a static model , designed to compress a specific data set ; nowadays we can adaptively & dynamically choose the Q's to match the source as we " learn " about the source .
Let 's do an example : if someone is flipping a coin , they ask you to predict if it 's heads ( H ) or tails ( T ) .
First , you would say H&T are equally likely .
They flip H .
You still say they 're equally likely .
And so on ; but if they flip H twenty times in a row , you might start to get suspicious - maybe they have a weighted coin ; you would start to guess H every time .
You 've adaptively adjusted your model !
I 've noted in my article on entropy that the expression
H(n ) = - Sum[n ] P ( n ) log [ Q(n ) ]
considered as a function of Q is minimized when Q = P. ( that is , the model is identical to the source ! ) .
If you knew the exact character of the source , then you could design a perfect model ( for that source ! ) .
However , we do n't usually know the source before hand , so we must design a scheme to adaptively choose the Q's .
Let me rephrase this another way before we jump in to the nitty gritty :
" You can not say anything about a fully compressed string "
For example , I can say alot about ' English Text ' :
'u ' tends to follow ' q ' ( as 'qu ' )
vowels follow ' th ' and ' ch ' and 'sh '
' on ' tends to follows ' ti '
etc..
in fact , the whole idea of grammar , spelling , etc. means that we can ' say ' alot about english text .
Similarly for an image ( GIF , JPEG ) file ; the fact that the reader can decode it means there is a certain structure ; for example a tag ' JPEG ' or ' GIF87a ' occurs explicitly in the file .
On the other hand , a fully compressed string has no structure ; ( note that zip files and the like have headers with structure ; that does n't count ! ) .
That is , any one byte looks like any other .
If you hand me two bytes I can't tell you which came first , or even if they could be adjacent ( unlike ' q ' and 'u ' ) .
Hence , modelling can be thought of as ' removing structure ' , or preventing your friends from gossiping about your data files , because there 's nothing to say about a compressed file !
The " Model " is defined thusly :
It provides a list of probabilities for each character to occur next
( These are the Q's above ) .
It updates its information with each character after the coding of that character ( this is the information internal to the model , which it uses to guess the Q's , trying to match the true P's of the source ) .
Thus , we can define a simple coder with this flow chart :
And the decoder is nearly identical , all we do is flip a couple of arrows :
Let me define the terms here in case there 's any confusion :
C is an 8 - bit raw character The Channel is the generic means of communications between the Coder and Decoder ; Typically , this is a file or a network .
The Coder takes in a character and a probability list and writes an ouput based on this ; Typically , this is an arithmetic coder .
The basic entity in a Finite Context Model ( FCM ) is the ' context ' .
An " order - N context " is the set of N preceding characters ( bytes , bits , whatever ) before the current one to be coded .
When we say ' context ' we mean any order of context , or an infinite order context ( all the preceding characters ) .
It is key to note that the context uses only preceding characters , hence " already transmitted " characters ( this is conceptual ; they need not have been actually transmitted ) so that the encoder and decoder can both see them to construct the same models .
BTW , FCM's are sometimes called ' Markov Models ' .
The basic idea is that we use not only the " order - 0 " ( no context ) model , but we also look at the context .
The context has predictive powers ( recall again my favorite example : the order - 1 context ' q ' strongly predicts ' u ' ; if you did not look at the context , then you would think 'u ' was very unlikely ; however , the order - 4 context ' Iraq ' does not predict ' u ' , even though its order - 1 sub - context does ) .
The conceptual FCM is simply a list of every single context that has ever occurred , and all the characters that have followed them .
Hence , if the data seen so far is :
" abcab " $
where '$ ' indicates the current coding position , then all the contexts and their prediction are :
a : b b : c ab : c c : a bc : a abc : a a : b ca : b bca : b abca : b
So , now we have ' b ' as our order - 1 context .
Looking in our table , we see than ' b ' predicts ' c ' , so we would guess that ' c ' would follow .
We need some scheme to actually asign the probabilities ; we might say P ( 'c ' ) = 0.9 , spread the remaining 0.1 between the other characters .
( we must always give a finite probability to every character , regardless of how unlikely we might think it is , since if it does occur we must be able to code it with non-zero length and non-infinite length ; and recall L( c ) = - log [ Q( c ) ] where Q is the probability predicted by the model .
As I stressed above , the role of the model is to mimic the true source ; FCM 's work so well because most sources are very nearly FCM sources .
NOT FINISHED !
UNDER CONSTRUCTION !
Charles Bloom / cb at my domain
Back to the Algs Index
The free web counter says you are visitor number
OTTAWA–The federal Conservatives are set to introduce employment insurance enhancements that could change the treatment of severance packages and help laid - off long - term workers find jobs more quickly , The Canadian Press has learned .
Human Resources Minister Diane Finley is expected to table new measures as early as next week , with a package designed to undermine the Liberals ' pre-election campaign to reform EI and burnish the Tory image of being good economic managers .
The Conservatives are eyeing measures that would stop the treatment of severance packages as earnings ; extend benefits for those who have paid into the EI system for years ; or offer " wage insurance " – a topping - up of benefits for laid - off workers who are reluctant to take a new lower - paid job .
Moving expenses are also in play , in the hope of helping unemployed people relocate easily to find work .
Maternity and paternity benefits for self - employed workers have also been under consideration .
Helping long - term workers " is a priority for our government when the House returns , " said Finley 's spokesman , Ryan Sparrow .
The government used ramped - up election speculation to announce recently that it would present a package of EI reforms targeted at long - tenured workers .
But the announcement did not include any details .
Finley is relying heavily on advice handed to her in a task force report on older workers , prepared last year for her predecessor Monte Solberg .
While that report was published during better economic times to help Ottawa deal with labour shortages , it contained a detailed critique of how older workers use employment insurance and offered practical suggestions for improvement .
Those suggestions form the basis for some of Finley 's package this fall – a package meant not only to improve the EI program but also to undermine the Liberals ' central complaint about Tory policy to ease the recession .
Specifically , the 2008 report recommended that :
– Severance payments should not be treated as earnings that can be used in place of EI benefits .
That way , new claimants could start collecting EI benefits after a two - week waiting period , instead of being forced to wait until their severance runs out .
– Wage insurance should be offered to long - tenured workers so that they 're not deterred from taking a new job that pays less than their old position .
The top - up in pay would last for about two years , and would put people back to work more quickly .
– Long - tenured workers who have paid into EI for years without collecting should be able to collect benefits for an extended period , regardless of the regional unemployment rate that currently drives benefits .
– The government should provide moving assistance so that unemployed people can find new jobs away from home .
For now , moving expenses get special tax treatment , but not until well after the moving bills have been paid .
Key to the costing of the Tory proposal is the definition of long - tenured workers .
The task force report suggested workers should qualify for the special benefits if they have been in a job for 10 years and have not tapped into EI in the last five years .
But if the government makes qualification more stringent , it could cut its costs .
Officials from the Finance Department said funding for the new EI initiative was embedded in Finance Minister Jim Flaherty 's fiscal update this week .
But they declined to provide cost details until after Finley introduces the package later this month .
" This is a great beginning , " said Erminie Cohen , a former Conservative senator from New Brunswick who led the task force .
The changes to EI for long - time employees are probably the quickest and easiest ways for the government to act on her report , she said .
But she also urged Ottawa to pay attention to the rest of the report that recommended a constant and thorough review of EI , as well as measures to keep older workers in the workforce .
Targeting long - tenured workers has some key benefits for the Tories ' electoral fortunes .
The package would mainly help laid - off workers in the auto , forestry and manufacturing industries , where job losses have been heavy in the last 10 months .
Those sectors are also often based in areas ripe for Tory votes , such as southern Ontario and rural Quebec .
Long - tenured workers are usually older workers – another prime constituency for the Conservatives .
And while the Tory plan does not resemble the Liberals ' proposals , opposition members would have a hard time arguing that long - tenured workers who have lost their jobs do n't need special attention , said Don Drummond , chief economist at Toronto - Dominion Bank .
" I 'd have a hard time disagreeing with any of those measures . "
It 's not clear , however , that the EI proposals would serve to avert an election .
The New Democrats say the Tories have not made any attempt to win their support , but they would have to look hard at supporting an EI package if it truly helps ease the pain of recession .
NDP support of a Tory plan would allow it to pass through the House .
" We 're certainly willing to hear what they have to say , " said spokesman Rick Boychuk .
The elite conservative commentator will call for ground troops to leave Afghanistan , say publishing sources .
George
Will calls for pull - out
George F. Will , the elite conservative commentator , is calling for U.S. ground troops to leave Afghanistan in his latest column .
“ [ F ] orces should be substantially reduced to serve a comprehensively revised policy : America should do only what can be done from offshore , using intelligence , drones , cruise missiles , airstrikes and small , potent special forces units , concentrating on the porous 1,500 - mile border with Pakistan , a nation that actually matters , ” Will writes .
Advertisement
President Obama ordered a total of 21,000 more U.S. troops into Afghanistan in February and March , and casualties have mounted as the forces began confronting the Taliban more aggressively .
August saw the highest monthly death toll for the U.S. since the invasion in 2001 , the second record month in a row .
Will ’s prescription – in which he recalls Bismarck ’s decision to halt German forces short of Paris in 1870 - seems certain to split Republicans .
He is a favorite of fiscal conservatives .
The more hawkish right can be expected to attack his conclusion as foolhardy , short - sighted and naïve , potentially making the U.S. more vulnerable to terrorist attack .
The columnist ’s startling recommendation surfaced on the same day that Army Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan , sent an assessment up his chain of command recommending what he called “ a revised implementation strategy . ”
In a statement , McChrystal also called for “ commitment and resolve , and increased unity of effort . ”
In the column , Will warns that any nation - building strategy could be impossible to execute given the Taliban ’s ability to seemingly disappear into the rugged mountain terrain and the lack of economic development in the war - plagued nation .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates was asked Monday by Peter Cook of Bloomberg TV : “ Are we winning in Afghanistan ? ”
“ I think it 's a mixed picture in Afghanistan , ” Gates replied .
“ I think that there are n’t too many people with too rosy a view of what 's going on in Afghanistan .
I think there are many challenges .
But I think some of the gloom and doom is somewhat overdrawn as well .
…
I think that there are some positive developments .
But there is no question our casualties are up and there 's no question we have a very tough fight in front of us , a lot of challenges . ”
GOOD DAY FOR : Green shoots , after U.S. job losses fell to 247,000 in July , a far smaller number than expected and enough to bump the national unemployment figure down to 9.4 percent , from 9.5 percent .
It is also the first dip in jobless numbers since April 2008 .
The Labor Department figures are the latest sign that the economy is turning around .
( Reuters )
BAD DAY FOR : Giving unto Caesar what is Caesar ’s , after a federal judge approved the sale of creationist theme park , Pensacola ’s Dinosaur Adventure Land , because owners Kent and Jo Hovind , owe $ 430,400 in back taxes .
The Hovinds argue that since they are employed by God , they need n’t pay income or property taxes .
( Mother Jones )
Dans un entretien accordé au quotidien Financial Times , samedi 15 août , la secrétaire d'Etat française à la ville , Fadela Amara , s'est prononcé en faveur de l'interdiction du voile intégral , estimant que ce geste permettrait de combattre " le cancer que représente l'islam radical " .
" La burqa ne représente pas simplement un morceau de tissu mais la manipulation politique d'une religion qui réduit les femmes à l'esclavage et va à l'encontre du principe d'égalité entre les hommes et les femmes " , a -t - elle affirmé .
" La vaste majorité des musulmans sont contre la burqa .
La raison est évidente .
Ceux qui ont participé à la lutte pour les droits de la femme chez eux , je pense en particulier à l'Algérie , savent ce que ça représente et quel projet d'obscurantisme politique ça dissimule , visant à étouffer les libertés les plus fondamentales " , a ajouté Mme Amara .
Début juin , une mission d'information parlementaire a été mise en place afin de rendre un rapport sur ce phénomène .
Le chef de l'Etat , Nicolas Sarkozy , avait estimé que la burqa ou le niqab ( voile intégral ne laissant apparaître que les yeux ) n'étaient pas " le bienvenu sur le territoire de la République " .
Selon des données du renseignement policier que s'est procuré Le Monde , seules 367 femmes ont adopté le voile intégral sur l'ensemble du territoire .
Le Monde
Welcome to
Colorado ’s Most Experienced Bankruptcy Attorney
Castle Rock Law Office
The Law Office of Jon B. Clarke , P.C. , was established in 1992 .
Before that time , attorney Jon B. Clarke was a shareholder and director of Clarke & Waggener , P.C. — a downtown Denver law firm founded in 1966 — which moved to Denver Tech Center offices in 1983 .
Now a leading Castle Rock bankruptcy attorney , Jon brings dedication and extensive experience to each case .
Mr. Clarke is a second generation Castle Rock bankruptcy attorney with more than 35 years of experience .
In 2006 , attorney Clarke was named a top attorney in Colorado ’s SuperLawyer magazine , one of only a few consumer bankruptcy lawyers to achieve this distinction .
Today , Castle Rock bankruptcy attorney Jon Clarke focuses his practice on the area of insolvency , particularly in Chapter 7 and Chapter 11 bankruptcy .
He and his support staff can efficiently handle your bankruptcy case , answering your questions and addressing concerns involving the protection of your assets and the long - term effects of a bankruptcy filing .
Mr. Clarke is prepared to handle any level of complexity an insolvent individual or business debtor may bring to him .
Currently , Mr. Clarke does not represent Chapter 13 individual regular - income debtors , but he can give you names of Denver ’s most experienced bankruptcy attorneys in your area who do .
Key Bankruptcy Steps
Your first step toward debt relief is to complete the business , consumer debtor analysis form , so we can determine whether you are an individual debtor .
If so , Castle Rock bankruptcy attorney Clarke will determine if your debts are primarily business or consumer in nature .
We will then contact you to discuss the type of attorney - client relationship that can then follow .
Mr. Clarke ’s procedure for accepting clients is described on our law firm ’s Becoming a Client and Debt Relief Agency pages .
His extensive experience and devotion to this area of law allowed him to create an efficient , web - based procedure that reduces the number of times clients have to make office visits .
Some very complex cases may require additional office meetings .
New Bankruptcy Law
The Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005 — which applies to all cases filed after Oct. 16 , 2005 — imposes extensive and stringent disclosure requirements on entities providing bankruptcy assistance to prospective clients .
The act necessitates fundamental changes in client marketing , client intake , client consultation , as well as obtaining client information , conducting pre-bankruptcy analysis and culminating in the filing of a Chapter 7 , 11 , or 13 bankruptcy petition .
At the Castle Rock Law Office of Jon B. Clarke , we focus on acquainting you with the disclosures and notices legally required before we can give meaningful , personalized advice about your unique situation .
Contact Castle Rock ’s Best Debt Relief Attorney
Castle Rock bankruptcy attorney Jon B. Clarke is committed to helping you obtain a fresh start with mortgage , car loan , personal guaranty , credit card and other debt relief .
To get started , please complete our Business or Consumer Debtor Analysis form .
For more bankruptcy information see :
Our Legal Support Staff
LINDSAY MILLER , Litigator
Education : University of Northern Colorado B.A. , 2005 ; University of Denver , Sturm College of Law , J.D. , 2010 ; Peer Rated “ A ” for Legal Ability and Ethics ; Super Lawyer “ Rising Star ” 2020 .
Practice Areas : Business Bankruptcy Litigation ; Private Debt Workouts .
PHYLLIS BARRETT , Legal Assistant , 1979 to date .
JANIE REIVER , Denver Office Manager , 1992 to date .
JODI LOPEZ , Castle Rock Office Manager , 2015 to date .
You are just as valuable as any believer .
In commenting on a recent post at Deep Thoughts on the subject of the pervasive nature of religious symbols in the U.S. , I found myself conflicted .
On the one hand , I agree with most of the others leaving comments in that it is not the personal religious symbols that bother me but the government - sponsored ones .
After all , the many freedoms we enjoy in the U.S. include freedom of expression and religious freedom .
Government - sponsored displays of religion , however , are unconstitutional , exclusionary , and reflect extremely poor judgment .
And yet , I have to admit that something bothers me about at least some of the personal displays of religion .
To be perfectly clear , I love the fact that I live in a country where a Christian extremist can proudly wear a cross around her neck while wearing a Campus Crusade for Christ t- shirt and driving a car covered with Jesus propaganda .
Seriously .
I believe that our right to free expression is one of the things that gives the U.S. so much promise .
If anything , I 'd like to see this right expanded rather than curtailed .
Regardless of how I mightabout the content of such a message , I am serious about preserving the right to display it .
So what bothers me about personal displays of religion ?
It bothers me that my right to express a different perspective is so fragile in comparison .
Sure , I could adorn myself and by car with pro-atheist or even pro-science messages .
I am free to do so in that arrest and imprisonment would be an unlikely outcome .
However , I would also be far more likely to face discrimination , social ostracization , and assault for doing so ( at least here in Mississippi ) than would the Christian .
This difference is what bothers me .
If I am expected to tolerate the near - constant presence of pro-Christian imagery in my daily life ( and I do not argue with such an expectation ) , then others should be expected to tolerate a pro-atheist or even anti-Christianity message that I might wish to broadcast without resorting to discrimination , vandalism , or violence .
Unfortunately , many Christians are not exactly known for their tolerance of contrary viewpoints .
As Autarkis reminds us in a recent post on this subject at Some Steps Ahead ( update : link no longer active ) ,
Just over 100 years since the first sustained and controlled heavier - than - air powered flight , flying machines are now commonplace , used for transport , freight , warfare , rescue and pleasure just for starters .
Aerospace technology is still the realm of both big business and entrepreneurs - Moscow recently hosted an airshow in which contracts totaling $ 10 billion were signed , and Virgin Galactic is still working toward a private spaceliner business .
Collected here are recent photographs of various flying machines in action or on display around the world .
( 40 photos total
She seemed nice enough , so at first I felt kinda sorry for Emily Heffter when the Seattle Times overtasked her with covering local politics .
Then I got angry as her sloppy , irresponsible reporting in the race for WA - 08 potentially cost Darcy Burner the election .
( Yes , Darcy did indeed graduate from Harvard with a degree in Computer Science and Economics , Heffter ’s refusal to understand how Harvard grants degrees notwithstanding . )
Now I ’m just wondering why Heffter still has a job at all ?
The information in this article , originally published June 24 , 2009 , was corrected July 31 , 2009 .
The person Heffter interviewed by telephone , and who initiated the contact , was in fact Edward Seeto of Seattle .
A previous version of the story referred to the source as Carl Hoeflick , owner of a Duwamish - area manufacturing company called Katskill Engineering .
After an inquiry from a reporter from The Stranger newspaper who was trying to reach Hoeflick , Times editors determined that neither that person nor his business exists .
I suppose there could be extenuating circumstances , but for a journalist , is n’t this a fireable offense ?
I mean , either she did n’t check out her source , or she just made stuff up .
Or a little of both .
But regardless of motive or intent , either way she once again allowed a complete fabrication to influence public opinion in the midst of a contentious policy debate and election campaign .
And just so you know I ’m not taking this out of context , Publicola ’s got a link to the text of Heffter ’s piece as originally published , and the non-existent person and business were quoted in the lede :
Jun. 24 , 2009 — Seattle ’s “ head tax ” costs Carl Hoeflick less than $ 1,000 a year — $ 25 annually for each of the employees at his Duwamish manufacturing company .
That ’s not a lot of money , but still the tax infuriates him .
He sees it as a sign the city does n’t show small - business owners enough support .
“ The amount is not significant , OK , ” said Hoeflick , whose company , Katskill Engineering , makes gaskets for vehicles .
“ But it is the idea of the city sticking it to us , having no clue and having no concern . …
It is an unnecessary burden on us . ”
Yeah , but then again , any tax comes off as an unnecessary burden … when you do n’t exist .
The Seattle Times credibility largely comes from the fact that it is the Seattle Times , and it does n’t take too many incidents like this one to tarnish the reputation of all of its reporters .
And Heffter , whether she ’s making up sources or misrepresenting Darcy ’s education or plagiarizing city websites or lying about being “ physically dragged ” out of a closed - door city council meeting … well … she ’s certainly racking up more than her fair share of embarrassing incidents .
You ’d think , with all those unemployed journalists out there , the Times could hire a better political reporter than Heffter .
And possibly even one willing to work as cheap .
That is , if the Times really cared about getting this stuff right .
Why ?
Two Reasons :
1. Eigenfaces is probably one of the simplest face recognition methods and also rather old , then why worry about it at all ?
Because , while it is simple it works quite well .
And it ’s simplicity also makes it a good way to understand how face recognition / dimensionality reduction etc works .
2 . I was thinking of writing a post based on face recognition in Bees next , so this should serve as a basis for the next post too .
The idea of this post is to give a simple introduction to the topic with an emphasis on building intuition .
For more rigorous treatments , look at the references .
_____
Introduction
Like almost everything associated with the Human body – The Brain , perceptive abilities , cognition and consciousness , face recognition in humans is a wonder .
We are not yet even close to an understanding of how we manage to do it .
What is known is that it is that the Temporal Lobe in the brain is partly responsible for this ability .
Damage to the temporal lobe can result in the condition in which the concerned person can lose the ability to recognize faces .
This specific condition where an otherwise normal person who suffered some damage to a specific region in the temporal lobe loses the ability to recognize faces is called prosopagnosia .
It is a very interesting condition as the perception of faces remains normal ( vision pathways and perception is fine ) and the person can recognize people by their voice but not by faces .
In one of my previous posts , which had links to a series of lectures by Dr Vilayanur Ramachandran , I did link to one lecture by him in which he talks in detail about this condition .
All this aside , not much is known how the perceptual information for a face is coded in the brain too .
_____
A Motivating Parallel
Eigenfaces has a parallel to one of the most fundamental ideas in mathematics and signal processing – The Fourier Series .
This parallel is also very helpful to build an intuition to what Eigenfaces ( or PCA ) sort of does and hence must be exploited .
Hence we review the Fourier Series in a few sentences .
Fourier series are named so in the honor of Jean Baptiste Joseph Fourier ( Generally Fourier is pronounced as “ fore - yay ” , however the correct French pronunciation is “ foor - yay ” ) who made important contributions to their development .
Representation of a signal in the form of a linear combination of complex sinusoids is called the Fourier Series .
What this means is that you ca n’t just split a periodic signal into simple sines and cosines , but you can also approximately reconstruct that signal given you have information how the sines and cosines that make it up are stacked .
More Formally :
Put in more formal terms , suppose is a periodic function with period defined in the interval and satisfies a set of conditions called the Dirichlet ’s conditions :
1. is finite , single valued and its integral exists in the interval .
2. has a finite number of discontinuities in the interval .
3. has a finite number of extrema in that interval .
then can be represented by the trigonometric series
The above representation of is called the Fourier series and the coefficients , and are called the fourier coefficients and are determined from by Euler ’s formulae .
The coefficients are given as :
Note :
It is common to define the above using
An example that illustrates or the Fourier series is :
[ Image Source ]
A square wave ( given in black ) can be approximated to by using a series of sines and cosines ( result of this summation shown in blue ) .
Clearly in the limiting case , we could reconstruct the square wave exactly with simply sines and cosines .
_____
Though not exactly the same , the idea behind Eigenfaces is similar .
The aim is to represent a face as a linear combination of a set of basis images ( in the Fourier Series the bases were simply sines and cosines ) .
That is :
Where represents the face with the mean subtracted from it , represent weights and the eigenvectors .
If this makes somewhat sketchy sense then do n’t worry .
This was just like mentioning at the start what we have to do .
The big idea is that you want to find a set of images ( called Eigenfaces , which are nothing but Eigenvectors of the training data ) that if you weigh and add together should give you back a image that you are interested in ( adding images together should give you back an image , Right ? ) .
The way you weight these basis images ( i.e the weight vector ) could be used as a sort of a code for that image - of - interest and could be used as features for recognition .
This can be represented aptly in a figure as :
Click to Enlarge
In the above figure , a face that was in the training database was reconstructed by taking a weighted summation of all the basis faces and then adding to them the mean face .
Please note that in the figure the ghost like basis images ( also called as Eigenfaces , we ’ll see why they are called so ) are not in order of their importance .
They have just been picked randomly from a pool of 70 by me .
These Eigenfaces were prepared using images from the MIT - CBCL database ( also I have adjusted the brightness of the Eigenfaces to make them clearer after obtaining them , therefore the brightness of the reconstructed image looks different than those of the basis images ) .
_____
An Information Theory Approach :
First of all the idea of Eigenfaces considers face recognition as a 2 - D recognition problem , this is based on the assumption that at the time of recognition , faces will be mostly upright and frontal .
Because of this , detailed 3 - D information about the face is not needed .
This reduces complexity by a significant bit .
Before the method for face recognition using Eigenfaces was introduced , most of the face recognition literature dealt with local and intuitive features , such as distance between eyes , ears and similar other features .
This was n’t very effective .
Eigenfaces inspired by a method used in an earlier paper was a significant departure from the idea of using only intuitive features .
It uses an Information Theory appraoch wherein the most relevant face information is encoded in a group of faces that will best distinguish the faces .
It transforms the face images in to a set of basis faces , which essentially are the principal components of the face images .
The Principal Components ( or Eigenvectors ) basically seek directions in which it is more efficient to represent the data .
This is particularly useful for reducing the computational effort .
To understand this , suppose we get 60 such directions , out of these about 40 might be insignificant and only 20 might represent the variation in data significantly , so for calculations it would work quite well to only use the 20 and leave out the rest .
This is illustrated by this figure :
Click to Enlarge
Such an information theory approach will encode not only the local features but also the global features .
Such features may or may not be intuitively understandable .
When we find the principal components or the Eigenvectors of the image set , each Eigenvector has some contribution from EACH face used in the training set .
So the Eigenvectors also have a face like appearance .
These look ghost like and are ghost images or Eigenfaces .
Every image in the training set can be represented as a weighted linear combination of these basis faces .
The number of Eigenfaces that we would obtain therefore would be equal to the number of images in the training set .
Let us take this number to be .
Like I mentioned one paragraph before , some of these Eigenfaces are more important in encoding the variation in face images , thus we could also approximate faces using only the most significant Eigenfaces .
_____
Assumptions :
1 . There are images in the training set .
2 . There are most significant Eigenfaces using which we can satisfactorily approximate a face .
Needless to say K < M .
3 . All images are matrices , which can be represented as dimensional vectors .
The same logic would apply to images that are not of equal length and breadths .
To take an example :
An image of size 112 x 112 can be represented as a vector of dimension 12544 or simply as a point in a 12544 dimensional space .
_____
Algorithm for Finding Eigenfaces :
1. Obtain training images , … , it is very important that the images are centered .
2. Represent each image as a vector as discussed above .
Note : Due to a recent WordPress bug , there is some trouble with constructing matrices with multiple columns .
To avoid confusion and to maintain continuity , for the time being I am posting an image for the above formula that ’s showing an error message .
Same goes for some formulae below in the post .
3 . Find the average face vector .
4. Subtract the mean face from each face vector to get a set of vectors .
The purpose of subtracting the mean image from each image vector is to be left with only the distinguishing features from each face and “ removing ” in a way information that is common .
5 . Find the Covariance matrix :
, where
Note that the Covariance matrix has simply been made by putting one modified image vector obtained in one column each .
Also note that is a matrix and is a matrix .
6 . We now need to calculate the Eigenvectors of , However note that is a matrix and it would return Eigenvectors each being dimensional .
For an image this number is HUGE .
The computations required would easily make your system run out of memory .
How do we get around this problem ?
7. Instead of the Matrix consider the matrix .
Remember is a matrix , thus is a matrix .
If we find the Eigenvectors of this matrix , it would return Eigenvectors , each of Dimension , let ’s call these Eigenvectors .
Now from some properties of matrices , it follows that : .
We have found out earlier .
This implies that using we can calculate the M largest Eigenvectors of .
Remember that as M is simply the number of training images .
8 . Find the best Eigenvectors of by using the relation discussed above .
That is : .
Also keep in mind that .
[ 6 Eigenfaces for the training set chosen from the MIT - CBCL database , these are not in any order ]
9 . Select the best Eigenvectors , the selection of these Eigenvectors is done heuristically .
_____
Finding Weights :
The Eigenvectors found at the end of the previous section , when converted to a matrix in a process that is reverse to that in STEP 2 , have a face like appearance .
Since these are Eigenvectors and have a face like appearance , they are called Eigenfaces .
Sometimes , they are also called as Ghost Images because of their weird appearance .
Now each face in the training set ( minus the mean ) , can be represented as a linear combination of these Eigenvectors :
m , where ‘s are Eigenfaces .
These weights can be calculated as :
.
Each normalized training image is represented in this basis as a vector .
where i = 1,2 … M .
This means we have to calculate such a vector corresponding to every image in the training set and store them as templates .
_____
Recognition Task :
Now consider we have found out the Eigenfaces for the training images , their associated weights after selecting a set of most relevant Eigenfaces and have stored these vectors corresponding to each training image .
If an unknown probe face is to be recognized then :
1 . We normalize the incoming probe as .
2 . We then project this normalized probe onto the Eigenspace ( the collection of Eigenvectors / faces ) and find out the weights .
.
3 . The normalized probe can then simply be represented as :
After the feature vector ( weight vector ) for the probe has been found out , we simply need to classify it .
For the classification task we could simply use some distance measures or use some classifier like Support Vector Machines ( something that I would cover in an upcoming post ) .
In case we use distance measures , classification is done as :
Find .
This means we take the weight vector of the probe we have just found out and find its distance with the weight vectors associated with each of the training image .
And if , where is a threshold chosen heuristically , then we can say that the probe image is recognized as the image with which it gives the lowest score .
If however then the probe does not belong to the database .
I will come to the point on how the threshold should be chosen .
For distance measures the most commonly used measure is the Euclidean Distance .
The other being the Mahalanobis Distance .
The Mahalanobis distance generally gives superior performance .
Let ’s take a brief digression and look at these two simple distance measures and then return to the task of choosing a threshold .
_____
Distance Measures :
Euclidean Distance : The Euclidean Distance is probably the most widely used distance metric .
It is a special case of a general class of norms and is given as :
The Mahalanobis Distance : The Mahalanobis Distance is a better distance measure when it comes to pattern recognition problems .
It takes into account the covariance between the variables and hence removes the problems related to scale and correlation that are inherent with the Euclidean Distance .
It is given as :
Where is the covariance between the variables involved .
_____
Deciding on the Threshold :
Why is the threshold , important ?
Consider for simplicity we have ONLY 5 images in the training set .
And a probe that is not in the training set comes up for the recognition task .
The score for each of the 5 images will be found out with the incoming probe .
And even if an image of the probe is not in the database , it will still say the probe is recognized as the training image with which its score is the lowest .
Clearly this is an anomaly that we need to look at .
It is for this purpose that we decide the threshold .
The threshold is decided heuristically .
Click to Enlarge
Now to illustrate what I just said , consider a simpson image as a non-face image , this image will be scored with each of the training images .
Let ’s say is the lowest score out of all .
But the probe image is clearly not beloning to the database .
To choose the threshold we choose a large set of random images ( both face and non-face ) , we then calculate the scores for images of people in the database and also for this random set and set the threshold ( which I have mentioned in the “ recognition ” part above ) accordingly .
_____
More on the Face Space :
To conclude this post , here is a brief discussion on the face space .
[ Image Source – [ 1 ] ]
Consider a simplified representation of the face space as shown in the figure above .
The images of a face , and in particular the faces in the training set should lie near the face space .
Which in general describes images that are face like .
The projection distance should be under a threshold as already seen .
The images of known individual fall near some face class in the face space .
There are four possible combinations on where an input image can lie :
1 . Near a face class and near the face space :
This is the case when the probe is nothing but the facial image of a known individual ( known = image of this person is already in the database ) .
2 . Near face space but away from face class :
This is the case when the probe image is of a person ( i.e a facial image ) , but does not belong to anybody in the database i.e away from any face class .
3 . Distant from face space and near face class :
This happens when the probe image is not of a face however it still resembles a particular face class stored in the database .
4. Distant from both the face space and face class :
When the probe is not a face image i.e is away from the face space and is nothing like any face class stored .
Out of the four , type 3 is responsible for most false positives .
To avoid them , face detection is recommended to be a part of such a system .
_____
References and Important Papers
1. Face Recognition Using Eigenfaces , Matthew A. Turk and Alex P. Pentland , MIT Vision and Modeling Lab , CVPR ’91 .
2. Eigenfaces Versus Fischerfaces : Recognition using Class Specific Linear Projection , Belhumeur , Hespanha , Kreigman , PAMI ’97 .
3. Eigenfaces for Recognition , Matthew A. Turk and Alex P. Pentland , Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience ’91 .
_____
Related Posts :
1. Face Recognition / Authentication using Support Vector Machines
2 . Why are Support Vector Machines called so
_____
MATLAB Codes :
I suppose the MATLAB codes for the above are available on atleast 2 - 3 locations around the internet .
However it might be useful to put out some starter code .
Note that the variables have the same names as those in the description above .
You may use this mat file for testing .
These are the labels for that mat file .
Wednesday 25 July 2001 Sympathy over - rides justice for killer moms Tana Dineen
Vancouver Sun
A 32 - year - old widow lies in a Toronto hospital bed , charged with murder .
Her three - year - old son and her five - year - old daughter will soon lie in their graves .
Recently we 've been hearing about other mothers like her -- mothers who kill their children .
The most widely publicized was the Houston mother who murdered five by drowning them .
In Canada , the sad story of the young doctor who , holding her infant in her arms , jumped in front of a Toronto subway train , received national attention .
Last month , a baby was found drowned in a Victoria condominium .
His mother was charged with infanticide .
A young woman in Granby , Quebec , was charged after her two children were found stabbed to death in their apartment .
And , in Calgary , after police found the decomposing body of a 15 - month - old boy in a vacated apartment , it was his mother who turned herself in .
These stories evoke horror and bewilderment .
We desperately search for answers to the questions :
Why would a mother kill her child ?
How can she possibly cope with the atrocity of her acts ?
Quickly our sympathy swells for the mother .
Surely , we think , there must be some explanation when a woman does something so unnatural .
The act of killing one 's own child defies the image we hold of mothers as nurturers , a belief we cling to as we console ourselves that such things rarely happen .
Such murders , however , are not as rare as we would like to believe .
Each year , more than 1,000 children and infants are killed by their parents in the U.S , and a proportionally comparable number are murdered in Canada .
More often than not , it 's the mother who is the killer .
A recent study by the US Department of Health and Human Services reported that mothers constitute 78 per ent of the perpetrators of these fatal forms of child abuse .
Historically , sympathy for the mother has influenced how the justice system handles these cases .
In 1922 , the British Parliament was forced to redefine the crime of infanticide as less than murder because it was virtually impossible to get a jury to convict a mother of murder .
As Patricia Pearson notes in her book When She Was Bad , " The point was to rid the courts of the necessity of imposing murder sentences , since juries had been refusing to convict women when the penalty was execution .
For instance , following 5,000 coroner 's inquests into child deaths held annually in Britain in the mid-19th century , only 39 convictions for child murder resulted , and none of those women was executed .
Similarly , in Canada , when a mandatory death penalty applied to the murder of children , courts regularly returned " not guilty " verdicts in the face of overwhelming evidence to the contrary . "
When Annie Robinson , in 1909 , was convicted of smothering her two infant grandchildren , sympathy over - ruled the judge 's decision .
The Canadian public was so disturbed at the thought that she was to be hanged that the government commuted her sentence ; she ended up serving only 15 months .
Sympathy today finds a different expression as psychiatric experts provide judges and juries with diagnostic explanations for the crimes .
Whether it 's post - partum depression , hormone - induced psychosis , maternal stress or morbid grief , their interpretations hit an emotional cord , rationalizing and reinforcing our sympathy .
With circularity of thinking , they take the crime itself as proof that the mother " was n't in her right mind . "
Such reasoning worked for a Montreal mother who killed her six - year - old son .
In sentencing her , Mr. Justice Jean Falardeau wrote : " I have much difficulty believing prison will dissuade someone who is sick . "
She received a suspended sentence of two years , less one day , with mandatory psychological counseling for depression .
The image of these women sitting in prison overwhelmed by their grief and guilt disturbs us ; so , we embrace psychological excuses .
But at what cost ?
Whenever we accept such biological explanations as " lactational insanity " resulting from breastfeeding or the post - partum disruption of female hormones or give credence to such notions as the unbearable stress of motherhood , the effect is to recast women as weak and vulnerable creatures .
Once again , as in Victorian times , we are led to see women as victims of their own bodies ; as helpless to their moods , defenceless in times of stress , subject to irrational thinking and child - like objects needing protection .
While we can't help but feel sympathy for mothers who face the consequences of having murdered their children , we must still hold them responsible for the violent premeditated crimes they committed .
To do anything less is to hold women as less accountable , less responsible -- just plain less .
Dr. Tana Dineen , a psychologist , is the author of Manufacturing Victims : What The Psychology Industry Is Doing to People
I have just uploaded to Hackage version 0.1 of the species package , a Haskell library for computing with combinatorial species .
Much like David Amos ’s great series of posts introducing his Haskell for Maths library , I plan to write a series of posts over the next week or two introducing the library , explaining how it works , and showing off some interesting examples .
But , first things first : if you ’d like to install the library and play along , just
cabal update ; cabal install species
( Man , do I ever love cabal - install !
But I digress . )
Combinatorial what ?
So , what are combinatorial species ?
Intuitively , a species describes a certain combinatorial structure : given an underlying set of labels , it specifies a set of structures which can be built using those labels .
For example , , the species of lists , when applied to an underlying set of labels yields the set of all linear orderings of the elements of .
So in general a species can be viewed as a function which takes any set ( the labels ) and produces another set ( of structures built out of those labels ) .
Actually , this is n’t quite enough to capture our intuition about what a species ought to be : we want a species to work “ independently ” of the underlying set ; which labels we use should n’t matter at all when it comes to describing structures .
So , additionally , we require that if is a species , any bijection between two sets of labels can be “ lifted ” to a bijection between sets of - structures , , in a way that respects composition of bijections .
( Of course , the categorists ought to be jumping out of their seats right now : all this just amounts to saying that a species is an endofunctor on the category of sets with bijections . )
Importantly , it is not too hard to see that this requirement means that for any species , the size of depends only on the size of , and not on the actual elements of .
Counting labelled structures
So , let ’s see some examples already !
What sorts of things might we want to compute about species ?
First , we of course want to be able to count how many structures are generated by a species .
As a first example , consider again the species of lists .
Given an underlying set of size , how many lists are there ?
That ’s easy : .
[ brent@euclid : ~ ] $ ghci - XNoImplicitPrelude
> :m + Math .Combinatorics .
Species
> take 10 $ labelled lists
[ 1,1,2,6,24,120,720,5040,40320,362880 ]
The function labelled takes a combinatorial species as an argument , and computes an infinite list where the entry at index is the number of labelled - structures on an underlying set of size .
( This is also a good time to mention that the species library depends on the Numeric Prelude , an alternative Haskell Prelude with a mathematically sane hierarchy of numeric types ; hence we must pass ghci the - XNoImplicitPrelude flag so we do n’t get lots of horrible name clashes .
I ’ll write some additional thoughts on the Numeric Prelude in a future post . )
Now , so far this is nothing new : Dan Piponi wrote a blog post about a Haskell DSL for counting labelled structures back in 2007 , and in fact , that post was part of my inspiration for this library .
Counting labelled structures works by associating exponential generating functions to species .
( More on this in a future post . )
But we can do more than that !
Counting unlabelled structures
For one , we can also count unlabelled structures .
What ’s an unlabelled structure ?
Intuitively , it ’s a structure where you ca n’t tell the difference between the elements of the underlying set ; formally , it ’s an equivalence class of labelled structures , where two labelled structures are equivalent if one can be transformed into the other by permuting the labels .
So , how about unlabelled lists ?
> take 10 $ unlabelled lists
[ 1,1, 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1 ]
Boring !
This makes sense , though : there ’s only one way to make a list out of n identical objects .
But how about something a bit less trivial ?
> take 10 $ labelled partitions
[ 1,1,2,5,15,52,203,877,4140,21147 ]
> take 10 $ unlabelled partitions
[ 1,1,2,3,5,7,11,15,22,30 ]
> :m + Math.OEIS
> description `fmap` ( lookupSequence .
take 10 $ labelled partitions )
Just " Bell or exponential numbers : ways of placing n labeled balls into n indistinguishable boxes . "
> description `fmap` ( lookupSequence .
take 10 $ unlabelled partitions )
Just " a( n ) = number of partitions of n ( the partition numbers ) . "
( I could n’t resist sneaking in a little plug for my Math .
OEIS module there too . =)
So , how does this work ?
Well … it ’s a bit more complicated !
But I ’ll explain it in a future post , too .
Generating structures
But that ’s not all !
Not only can we count structures , we can generate them , too :
> generate lists ( [ 1..3 ] :: [ Int ] )
[{*, 1,2,3} , {*,1,3,2} , {*,2,1,3} , {*,2,3,1} , {*,3,1,2} , {*,3,2,1} ]
> generate partitions ( [ 1..3 ] :: [ Int ] )
[ [ [ 1, 2,3 ] ] , [ [ 1,2 ] , [ 3 ] ] , [ [ 1,3 ] , [ 2 ] ] , [ [ 1 ] , [ 2,3 ] ] , [ [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] , [ 3 ] ] ]
This is a bit magical , and of course I will … explain it in a future post .
For now , I leave you with this challenge : can you figure out what the asterisks are doing there ?
( Hint : the curly brackets denote a cycle … )
Of course , no DSL would be complete without operations with which to build up more complicated structures from simpler ones ; in my next post I ’ll talk about operations on combinatorial species .
Further reading
If you just ca n’t wait for my next post and want to read more about combinatorial species , I recommend reading the Wikipedia article , which is OK , this fantastic blog post , which is what introduced me to the wonderful world of species , or for a great dead - tree reference ( whence I ’m getting most of my information ) , check out Combinatorial Species and Tree - Like Structures by Bergeron , Labelle , and Leroux .
This Kim Farah :
Whatever , Kim .
I look forward to perusing the IRS filings of any of the below NOM iterations just as soon as they become available :
National Organization for Marriage , Inc. ( EIN : 26-0240498 )
a 501( c ) ( 4 ) formed January 2008
c /o Neil Corkery
9502 Nelson Ln
Manassas , VA 20110-4310
National Organization for Marriage Education Fund ( EIN : 20-7472471 )
a 501( c ) ( 3 ) formed July 2008
c /o Neil Corkery
9502 Nelson Ln
Manassas , VA 20110-4310
National Organization for Marriage California PAC ( EIN : 26-4205819 )
a 501( c ) ( 4 ) formed February 2009
c /o David Bauer
2150 River Plaza Dr Ste 150
Sacramento , CA 95833-4131
National Organization for Marriage PAC New York ( EIN : 27-0394565 )
a 501( c ) ( 4 ) formed June 2009
c /o Brian S. Brown
20 Nassau Street Suite 242
Princeton , NJ 08542
In the meantime , some beyond - the - boardroom LDS - NOM connections for our readers ' consideration .
Because that 's all I 've got .
Because tracking down NOM 's board and officers has become an exercise in futility .
All apologies , I wish I had more , but friends have taken the time to actually visit the NOM office in New Jersey , and here 's what they found :
Crickets .
Ghosts .
Iconography :
So , moving on from what stubbornly remains unknowable , here 's what we do know :
Audition # 3 : Nanci Wudel
Fave line from Nanci 's winning essay : " We openly cried to be back home where we knew what freedom meant - the right to live as responsible citizens who cared as much about others ' freedoms as our own . "
Audition # 5 : Carol Soelberg
Carol qualifies Nanci 's take on freedom : " Every aspect of life and freedom as we know it will be diluted by the liberal agenda of the homosexual movement . "
Audition # 6 : Glade Soelberg
Glade 's son weighs in : " My dad very rarely ever raised his voice , and knowing how my mom confided in me and trusted me , I always made the right decisions so as not to disappoint her . " -- Alan Soelberg talking about Mom and Dad .
Audition # 7 : Gilberto Laparra
" The [ Mesa ] pageant is about Jesus Christ and His love for us , which is very comforting to feel . "
Audition # 9 : Dee Dee Abaroa
Dee Dee opines : " Loving leadership is a concept slipping through our young society 's fingers .
The idea of democracy is being tested by candidates who are socialistic in a democratic bodysuit .
The hidden agendas that our candidates are pushing ever so nonchalantly and deceitfully are the exact contradiction to what we are as a country .
We profess to be the little brother of goodness and mercy for our global neighbors yet our own walls are beginning to lose strength in integrity and honesty .
Do the history !
A country fallen always falls from within .
The political battlefield has already been a nasty showing of our own domestic differences .
We 're not talking a differentiation in just basic partisan platform issues .
We 're talking about differences in national structural stances such as same - sex marital rights , socialistic medicine for all and nationalization of the oil industry . "
Audition # 10 : Steve Abaroa
Former pupil : " Apparently [ Steve ] is now the drama teacher at Highland .
What a fabulous position ! "
Audition # 12 : Jake Clark
Audition # 19 : Sterling Baer
Michele 's husband .
Audition # 20 : Michele Baer
Michele explains Prop 102 .
In case anyone 's forgotten these faces , here 's the ad :
And here are the audition reels :
Auditions 1 - 12 :
Auditions 13 - 23 :
Once again , NOM's Maggie Gallagher :
" ... there is no connection between NOM and the [ LDS ] church except that a Mormon serves on NOM 's board . "
Will You Take a Lie Detector Test , Maggie Gallagher ?
And for those still reading after all this , here 's a bonus clip just for you :
Clearing Time : Fighting a Mormon Gulag ( Trailer ) :
Confused ?
It 's the sequel to : Trapped in a Mormon Gulag .
And here 's the rub as far as I 'm concerned : Since Mormon Gulag went live , there 's been an outpouring of support from the LDS community in terms of stepping up and identifying the culprits behind the unrighteous sequestration that is the Utah Boys Ranch , but not so much as a peep from those Arizona Mormons who must 've seen the NOM audition reels and recognized their wingnut homophobe neighbors ... what 's up with that ?
Have you been cowed into submission / silence simply by dint of your co-religionists having access to a camera and a production crew ?
If so , you 've got it bass ackwards ...
In the words of Spiderman 's Uncle Ben : " With great power comes great responsibility . "
And accountability .
Or does it ?
Or does parroting NOM 's anti-gay lies in front of a camera somehow make it all beyond reproach ?
UPDATE : Well , another righteous Arizona Mormon ally has stepped up and helped us identify LDS actor # 10 : Brent Slade .
Stay tuned , there 's more to come ...
Kudos to Bloomberg for continuing to hammer away at this story of all the ailing banks out there .
Yesterday Jonathan
Weil wrote about the big problems at Regions Financial , and today they put together numbers showing that at least 150 publicly - traded banks may have a deadly toxic asset problem .
Specifically , Bloomberg looked for banks that had non-performing assets equal to at least 5 % or more of their assets , a leve seen as crucial
The number of banks exceeding the threshold more than doubled in the year through June , according to data compiled by Bloomberg , as real estate and credit - card defaults surged .
Almost 300 reported 3 percent or more of their loans were nonperforming , a term for commercial and consumer debt that has stopped collecting interest or will no longer be paid in full .
The biggest banks with nonperforming loans of at least 5 percent include Wisconsin ’s Marshall & Ilsley Corp. and Georgia ’s Synovus Financial Corp. , according to Bloomberg data .
Among those exceeding 10 percent , the biggest in the 50 U.S. states was Michigan ’s Flagstar Bancorp .
All said in second - quarter filings they ’re “ well - capitalized ” by regulatory standards , which means they ’re considered financially sound .
Altogether the 150 banks had assets of $ 193 billion , which as Bloomberg notes , is 15 x the FDIC 's entire insurance fund .
“ These numbers are off the charts , ” said Blake Howells , an analyst at Becker Capital Management in Portland , Oregon , referring to the nonperforming loan levels at companies he follows .
Banks are losing the “ ability to try and earn their way through the cycle , ” said Howells , who previously spent 13 years at Minneapolis - based U.S. Bancorp .
Read the whole thing >
For Matthew Alan Sheppard , all of the anxiety , deception , and delusion converged in one moment on a crisp winter weekend in February 2008 .
From the outside , he hardly seemed like a man prepared to abandon everything .
At 42 , he 'd been happily married for 10 years , with a 7 - year - old daughter and a comfortable home in Searcy , Arkansas .
An environmental health and safety manager for the electrical parts maker Eaton , he 'd risen in three years from overseeing a plant in Searcy to covering more than 30 facilities throughout North and South America .
A recent raise had pushed his salary close to six figures .
To his coworkers and hunting buddies , he seemed an amiable guy with a flourishing career .
To Sheppard , though , that same life felt like it was collapsing in on itself .
With his promotion had come the stress of new responsibilities and frequent travel .
He had been steadily putting on weight and now tipped the scale at more than 300 pounds .
Financially he was beyond overextended .
A gadget lover whose spending always seemed to exceed his income , he had begun shifting his personal expenses to his corporate credit card — first dinner and drinks , then a washer and dryer , then family vacations .
In early February , when an Eaton official emailed to inquire about his expense reports , he felt everything closing in .
He began devising a plan to escape .
So on a Friday two weeks later , Sheppard drove with his wife , Monica , their daughter , and his mother - in - law to a rented cabin in the foothills of the Ozarks on the picturesque Little Red River , an hour from Searcy .
He called it a much - needed last - minute getaway for the family , and for most of the weekend , it was .
Then , in the fading Sunday afternoon light , with his daughter and mother - in - law occupied in the cabin , Sheppard walked down to the dock with Monica and their black lab , Fluke .
When Monica looked away , Sheppard helped the dog — always eager for a swim , just as he'd counted on — off the platform and into the Little Red River 's notoriously deadly current .
His wife looked back just in time to see Sheppard heave his own 300 - pound frame into the river after their beloved lab .
Thrashing in the 39 - degree water , Sheppard managed to hand the leash up to Monica , who hauled the dog to safety .
But he struggled to swim back to the dock .
Flailing desperately , he gasped that he was having trouble breathing .
A moment later , as the current pulled him downstream , his head dipped below the surface and did n't reappear .
A frantic 911 call from Monica minutes later launched a search - and - rescue operation involving more than 60 people .
Dive teams scoured the river , and a plane scanned the area from overhead .
The next morning , Sheppard 's shell - shocked coworkers brought their own boats up to help with the search .
They found his fluorescent orange Eaton cap in shallow water not far downstream .
But when 24 hours passed without another sign , the authorities abandoned — publicly , at least — any hope of finding him alive .
The urge to disappear , to shed one 's identity and reemerge in another , surely must be as old as human society .
It 's a fantasy that can flicker tantalizingly on the horizon at moments of crisis or grow into a persistent daydream that accompanies life 's daily burdens .
A fight with your spouse leaves you momentarily despondent , perhaps , or a longtime relationship feels dead on its feet .
Your mortgage payment becomes suddenly unmanageable , or a pile of debts gradually rises above your head .
Maybe you simply awaken one day unable to shake your disappointment over a choice you could have made or a better life you might have had .
And then the thought occurs to you :
What if I could drop everything , abandon my life 's baggage , and start over as someone else ?
Most of us snuff out the question instantly or toy with it occasionally as a harmless mental escape hatch .
But every year , thousands of adults decide to act on it , walking out the door with no plan to return and no desire to be found .
The precise number is elusive .
Nearly 200,000
Americans over age 18 were recorded missing by law enforcement in 2007 , but they represent only a fraction of the intentional missing :
Many are n't reported unless they are believed to be in danger .
And according to a 2003 British study , two - thirds of missing adults make a conscious decision to leave .
People who go missing do so with an endless variety of motives , from the considered to the impulsive .
There are of course those running from their own transgressions : Ponzi schemers , bail jumpers , deadbeat parents , or insurance scammers dreaming of life in a tropical paradise .
But most people who abandon their lives do so for noncriminal reasons — relationship breakups , family pressures , financial obligations , or a simple desire for reinvention .
The federal government 's Witness Security Program provides new identities for endangered witnesses , but thousands of people who testify in lower - profile cases are on their own to face potential retribution or flee to a safer identity .
So too are those trying to escape the unwanted attention of stalkers , obsessive ex-spouses , or psychotically disgruntled clients .
Starting over , however , is not as simple as it used to be .
Digital information collection , location - aware technology , and post - 9/11 security measures have radically changed the equation for both fugitives and pursuers .
Yesteryear 's Day of the Jackal - like methods for adopting a new identity — peruse a graveyard , pick out a name , obtain a birth certificate — have given way to online markets for social security numbers and Photoshop forgeries .
Escapees can set up new addresses online , disguise their communications through anonymous email , and hide behind prepaid phones .
In other ways , however , the advantage has tipped in favor of investigators .
Where once you could move a few states over , adopt a new name , and live on with minimal risk , today your trail is littered with digital bread crumbs dropped by GPS - enabled cell phones , electronic bank transactions , IP addresses , airline ID checks , and , increasingly , the clues you voluntarily leave behind on social networking sites .
It 's almost easier to steal an identity today than to shed your own .
Investigators can utilize crosslinked government and private databases , easy public distribution of information via the Internet and television , and data tucked away in corporate files to track you without leaving their desks .
Even the most clever disappearing act is easily undone .
One poorly considered email or oversharing tweet and there will be a knock at your door .
As missing - person investigators like to say , they can make a thousand mistakes .
You only have to make one .
On the Monday morning after Matt Sheppard disappeared , Detective Sergeant Alan Roberson of the Cleburne County Sheriff 's Office drove down to the Eaton plant to check Sheppard 's employment record for emergency contacts .
When Roberson arrived , the company was holding an all - hands meeting announcing Sheppard 's presumed death .
" There were a lot of people who were very affected by it , " he says .
After noticing discrepancies in Sheppard 's employment record , Roberson spoke with the Eaton human resources folks , who told him that two weeks earlier they had alerted Sheppard to suspicions that he'd been misusing his corporate credit card .
" That got me thinking , " he says .
When Sheppard 's body did n't turn up after another day , Roberson 's curiosity deepened .
He knew that Sheppard carried a company BlackBerry ; his wife had told police it must have gone in the water with him .
On Wednesday , Roberson asked Eaton to check for any activity on it .
Sure enough , they discovered text messages sent after he had supposedly drowned .
As far as Roberson was concerned , the rescue operation was now a manhunt .
The police subpoenaed AT&T — after Roberson 's visit , Eaton had filed formal theft by deception charges against Sheppard , alleging that he 'd placed more than $ 40,000 in personal charges on his corporate card — and the carrier tracked the messages to cell towers in the Searcy area .
But by the time AT&T checked for the content of the messages , they 'd already been purged from the system .
Tracking the numbers texted from the phone did n't turn up anybody 's account .
Roberson concluded they were prepaid cell phones .
When he tried to reinterview Monica Sheppard , she 'd retained a lawyer and refused to cooperate .
A few months later , she sold everything and moved away with her daughter .
After that , Roberson says , " the trail went cold .
We just flagged everything we could find . "
In March , the police conveyed their suspicions to the local press .
Roberson contacted border security in case Sheppard used his passport and asked the IRS to watch for any W - 2 filed with his Social Security number on it .
When Monica took off without leaving a forwarding address , Roberson also contacted the local elementary school Sheppard 's daughter had attended , asking it to get in touch if anyone requested the girl 's records .
Tennessee specifically outlaws " intentionally and falsely creating the impression that any person is deceased , " but strictly speaking , in most places there is nothing illegal about walking away from your life .
Still , it 's easy enough to run afoul of the law in the process of fleeing , whether through abandoned debts or identity theft .
Insurance claims based on fake deaths — besides being illegal — are naturally frowned upon by insurance companies , who tend to pursue them to the ends of the earth .
New York City - and Texas - based investigator Steven Rambam has conducted several thousand missing - person searches over almost three decades .
He made a name for himself in the '90s tracking down suspected Nazi war criminals in hiding .
Sardonic and brash , with a thick Brooklyn accent , he has a knack for using technology to find people who do n't want to be found .
For Rambam , the proliferation of increasingly comprehensive data collection has been a boon .
Even as anonymization technology improves , to the benefit of fugitives , " the ability to pull data from remote locations and cross-reference that data has increased even faster , " he says .
" So far the good guys are ahead , but maybe by a couple of inches . "
To enhance his ability to search everything from DMV records to college yearbook photos , Rambam created his own investigative search engine and database , PallTech .
It 's so good that other licensed investigators and law enforcement agents pay to use it .
Given a name , date of birth , and Social Security number , PallTech churns through hundreds of databases — collections of private and public records — and spits out up to 300 pages of investigative fodder like addresses , relatives ' names , and aliases .
It also enables elaborate combinations of searches , based on , say , a first name and month of birth .
All of which helps investigators exploit the most common error made by people starting over : using details from their old lives in their new lives as a way to help keep things straight .
" Whether it 's transposing your social security number , your date of birth , or the letters of your name — that 's the quickest way you 're going to get found , " says Robert Kowalkowski , a Michigan - based investigator .
There 's also plenty of private data that makes your life easier — and your pursuer 's , too .
Take frequent flier accounts , Rambam says .
" You get miles and convenience , and I get everywhere you 've flown . "
Or Amazon.com : " The convenience of books delivered to your door , and I have all your addresses , at least one phone number , the books you read . "
PayPal and eBay : " Everything you 've ever browsed : books to lamps , every address , people you 've ever sent gifts to . "
( When Wired told him about the $ 5,000 contest to find the author of this piece , Rambam noted that he is working on a book about his experience using high tech tools to hunt down a friend . )
Exactly how investigators get that data depends on who is missing and the persistence of who is searching .
Court - ordered subpoenas can give law enforcement — or private investigators hired onto the case — access to everything from ISPs to airline companies .
Other times investigators may get more creative , scouring the runner 's abandoned laptop or persuading a colleague to hand over an email that might contain a location - revealing IP address .
They might enlist the public 's help , using cold - case Web sites to spread pictures and collect tips .
There are also a few investigators for hire who are still willing to tread in dubious legal areas with tactics like pretexting , an age - old technique .
Posing as the missing person , the investigator calls the phone company , cable company , or bank and uses a few of the target 's personal details — and a measure of charm — to extract records from credulous customer service representatives .
In recent years , Congress has strengthened anti-pretexting and computer - crime laws .
But if your life depends on not being found , it 's best to assume that your digital DNA is up for grabs .
People trying to outrun their old identities have to reckon not just with the data collected about them but also with whatever facts they 've revealed about themselves .
Facebook , MySpace , and Twitter are an investigator 's gold mine , containing everything from your address books and photos ( and , for a tech - savvy investigator like Rambam , what camera they were taken with ) to your hobbies and favorite bars .
A social profile that once would 've taken an investigator weeks of on - the - ground work to build is a few clicks away .
Minimal search - engine acumen — or an undercover account on a social networking site — can turn up a collection of friends for investigators to target , even if an online account is marked " private . "
Generally , investigators work by building a profile of the person they are hunting and then waiting to capitalize on typical human frailties — poor memory , vanity , a craving for social contact .
A few years ago , an investigator named Philip Klein was hired by Dateline NBC to locate Patrick McDermott , a onetime Hollywood cameraman who also happened to be Olivia Newton - John 's former partner .
McDermott had disappeared from a fishing boat in the Pacific , and the authorities presumed him dead .
Early on , Klein likewise turned up only the vaguest hints that McDermott could be alive .
" This was the ultimate walk - away , " Klein says .
Then Klein decided to set up a Web site about the disappearance .
Purporting to be asking for tips , it was designed specifically to trap visitors ' IP addresses .
Suspecting that McDermott was in contact with at least one confidant from his former life — and relying on the investigator 's maxim that people on the run always monitor the pursuit — Klein blocked search engine crawlers from cataloging the site .
He gave the URL only to McDermott 's friends and family .
Ninety - six hours later , it started registering multiple daily hits from an IP address in the beach town of Sayulita , Mexico .
Klein says he eventually tracked McDermott around South America and contacted him through an intermediary .
McDermott had a simple message for the investigator :
His new life was " nobody 's business . "
Matthew Sheppard held his breath as long as he could , swimming underwater with the current until he was out of sight .
Then he surfaced , swam to a dock , and pulled himself out .
After retrieving a bag of clothes and $ 1,500 in cash he'd stashed the night before , he walked quickly down the road to a prearranged spot where a friend — the one person to whom Sheppard felt he could entrust his secret — waited with the car .
They took off southwest toward the friend 's home in Mexico , just south of the Rio Grande .
Two weeks before , when Sheppard sat down to formulate a plan to fake his death , he 'd been armed only with Google and LexisNexis .
Stumbling on an article about Steve Fossett , the explorer whose plane disappeared in September 2007 and whose remains were yet to be discovered , Sheppard concluded that even without a body , Monica would likely be able to obtain a legal determination of death and thereby collect his company - issued life insurance policy — worth $ 1.3 million .
He pored over recent reports of missing persons and faked deaths , looking for strategies to emulate and pitfalls to avoid .
That , in fact , was how he'd come up with the idea of leaving his BlackBerry conspicuously at a gas station on the Friday before his disappearance .
It was a classic misdirection : Someone would grab the phone and start using it , Sheppard hoped , and any cop who did n't buy the drowning would trace the phone to some petty thief — while Sheppard 's real trail faded .
( The ruse backfired , it seems , when the thief sent a few messages and then quit , convincing Sergeant Roberson that Sheppard was alive . )
Now , ensconced at his friend 's house in Mexico and working nights as a dishwasher at a local restaurant , all Sheppard had to do was wait .
He would monitor coverage of his disappearance , and once he was sure his wife had collected the insurance — the company had a year after his death to pay up — he would contact her and explain everything .
She 'd meet him in Monterrey , where he had already scouted out an agave plantation they could buy on the cheap .
He 'd spend the rest of his days making tequila .
But after two months , he started to get antsy .
He missed his wife and daughter too much to wait .
So , assuming that the authorities might still be logging Monica 's incoming calls , he bought a prepaid phone , dialed her number , and broke the news that he was still alive .
She was hysterical at first , alternately furious and overjoyed .
She told him that he should turn himself in .
But Sheppard , knowing he was already in too far , convinced her that they could make a new start .
The family reunited in Iowa , where they stayed at a motel .
As the life insurance company stalled , they lived off the cash from Monica 's sale of their Arkansas house and belongings .
In Mexico , Sheppard had obtained an Iowa driver 's license and Social Security number for one John P. Howard , to whom he bore a passable resemblance .
Now he constructed a rèsumè around the identity , transposing his work history onto fake firms , and posted it online .
For references he gave the numbers of prepaid phones .
When prospective employers called , Sheppard pretended to be an HR representative and verified his own past employment .
Meanwhile , the stress of living on the run was taking its toll , and Sheppard had lost almost 70 pounds .
After reading that the Arkansas police had contacted US Marshals about his case , he became wracked with paranoia .
He would see cars parked at the defunct dealership across the street from the motel and imagine federal agents waiting to pounce .
Remembering the blown escapes he'd read about online , he created a daily inspection routine for his car — turn signals , mirrors , taillights — to make sure the cops had no excuse to pull him over .
Eventually , " John P. Howard " landed an offer for a health and safety manager position in Yankton , South Dakota .
The family packed up and drove west , where a real estate agent helped them find a rental house in a secluded area near a lake .
The family still kept to themselves , avoiding the local crowds on boating day at the lake .
And Sheppard found it awkward responding to his new name , so much so that he asked his wife to start using it at home .
But his paranoia began to recede .
He even opened a bank account .
It was starting to feel like they 'd re-created a normal life — just the three of them and Fluke , their trusty black lab .
The fantasy of swapping out your tired life for a better one is a stalwart plot device in fiction , from Huckleberry Finn and The Great Gatsby to The Passenger and Mad Men .
In such stories , the decision to take on a new identity often occurs in a single , serendipitous moment ; an opportunity presents itself , and the character makes the fateful choice , often getting away with it .
In real life , ad hoc escape plans rarely end well .
The most convincing way to disappear is to make people believe you are dead .
And the most common locales for faking a demise are large bodies of water — places where a corpse might just sink or wash away , thus explaining a lack of remains .
The chaos of a natural disaster , too , offers a tantalizing opportunity .
Regardless of the diversionary method , the success of any stint on the run depends on a combination of advance planning and constant vigilance .
" Most of them are not really going to take the time and energy to lay the groundwork to disappear , " Rambam says .
" For a lot of people it 's an impulse thing : ' I can't take it anymore , I 've got to get out of here , now . ' "
Take Samuel Israel : Convicted of fraud , the New York hedge fund manager in 2008 tried to convince authorities he'd leapt from a bridge over the Hudson River by writing Suicide is painless , the theme song from M.A.S.H. , in the dust on the hood of his abandoned car .
His plan apparently did not extend beyond parking an RV at a Massachusetts campground , and he turned himself in a month later .
( Other times , there 's just no accounting for bad luck : Australian businessman Harry Gordon , who faked his death in a boating accident in 2000 , lived under a new identity for five years until the afternoon he passed his own brother on a mountain trail . )
Perhaps the most infamous recent faked death attempt , that of Indiana money manager Marcus Schrenker , involved a plan equally daring and bizarre .
Accused of financial mismanagement , Schrenker , an amateur pilot , climbed into his Piper single - engine and set a flight plan for Destin , Florida .
Flying over northern Alabama at 24,000 feet , he made a sequence of increasingly desperate radio calls to the nearest control tower , announcing that he had run into turbulence ; that his " windshield was spider - cracking " ; that the shattered glass had cut his neck ; that he was " bleeding profusely " and " graying out . "
He then pointed the autopilot toward the Gulf of Mexico and bailed out with a parachute over Harpersville , Alabama .
After landing , he made his way to a motorcycle he had stashed at a local self - storage unit .
Unfortunately for Schrenker , when two Navy F - 15 pilots caught up with the still - airborne Piper , they noted that the plane was in fine shape — except for the open pilot 's side door and empty cockpit .
Even worse , Schrenker failed to put enough fuel in the plane to get it to the gulf .
It crashed 200 feet from a residential neighborhood in northern Florida .
In the wreckage , authorities found a campground guide minus pages for Alabama and Florida and a handwritten crib sheet with the bullet points " windshield is spider - cracking , " " bleeding very bad , " and " graying out . "
Federal marshals found him at a KOA campground in Florida two days later .
Perhaps swayed by the additional evidence that prosecutors turned up on his laptop — including Google searches like " how to jump out of the airplane when parachuting " and " requirements to get a Florida driver 's license " — he pleaded guilty in early June .
Sergeant Roberson got the call from the Searcy elementary school in early August .
He quickly subpoenaed the school , tracked the request for the Sheppards ' daughter 's records to Yankton , and called the US Marshals .
He knew it was still a gamble .
" In the back of your head , you wonder : Am I wrong ? " Roberson says .
" Is he dead ? "
South Dakota - based federal agents pulled up an address for the family and contacted the landlord .
" I rented to that guy , " he told them upon seeing Sheppard 's picture , " but his name is John Howard . "
The alias led quickly to Howard 's very Sheppard - like rèsumè , still posted on Monster.com .
Then , in a scene befitting Sheppard 's most paranoid fears , officers staked out the house , setting up in trees nearby , waiting for him to appear .
Sheppard was gazing out his back window at deer when he heard cars speeding down the gravel road toward the house and then the marshals bursting through the front door .
His wife screamed , " He 's not here ! " but the agents found him a few seconds later hiding next to a bed .
He did n't say a word .
In a rare study tracking people from the federal government 's witness protection program that appeared in a 1984 issue of The American Behavioral Scientist , a psychologist named Fred Montanino outlined the difficulties of living under a fake identity .
He determined that people were likely to feel " severe social distress " and " a pervasive sense of powerlessness , " driven by the necessity of constant deception .
" When the social fabric is torn , when individuals are erased from one part of it and placed in another , " Montanino concluded , " problems arise . "
Trading in your old identity and adopting a new one involves more than remembering an ill - fitting new name .
It means a lifetime of duplicity that complicates every social interaction , lacing inconvenience and doubt into such humdrum tasks as registering a car or getting health insurance .
" You do , to a certain extent , have to erase who you are , " says Frank Ahearn , author of the guidebook How to Disappear .
" Victims of stalkers have the motivation of saving their own lives .
It 's not as much of a — excuse my French — psychological fuck . "
But those looking to " pick up and live a palm tree lifestyle , " he says , often " do n't realize how difficult it is to start over . "
A life on the run means enduring the intense isolation of leaving friends and family behind .
" It takes an extremely dedicated person to forget everything in their past , " says William Sorukas , chief of domestic investigation for the US Marshals , " and never make that phone call back to the family , not after 10 years go back home and drive through the neighborhood again . "
Of course , technology can allow the kind of anonymous contact with friends and family that was n't possible in the past .
" Mom can have a phone under another name that only you call , or maybe you use encrypted email , " Rambam says .
" But somebody always makes a mistake . "
Even in a world of cross - linked databases and location - aware phones , most people living on the lam are undone by complacency .
" Do you have a hobby — are you a model train collector or a butterfly collector ?
Everything that defined your prior life , you have to stay away from , " Rambam says .
Yet almost anyone on the run comes to crave ordinary human contact .
" When the newness wears off , you ask , ' How do I live my life ? ' "
Ahearn says .
" ' How do I date ?
How do I not tell people about where I 'm from ? '
People loosen up and go back to who they were . "
And that 's how most attempts to vanish end .
A school registration , an email back home , a campsite guide with pages torn out .
All mistakes look avoidable in hindsight , of course , and the nature of such stories is that only the failures surface .
To succeed at disappearing is to never have your methods told .
But for those who are caught , there 's always the sour taste of what could have been .
Three months into his 10 - year prison stint for theft and insurance fraud , Matthew Sheppard shuffles into the deputy warden 's office at the East Arkansas Regional Unit on a sweltering summer afternoon .
Clad in a baggy white prison uniform , he is 100 pounds lighter than when he went into the Little Red River .
Sitting across from me on the warden 's couch , he reflects on his tale in a subdued tone , tinged with relief .
Even after his arrest , he says , " nobody ever sat me down and asked me the details " of the escape .
( Monica , too , pleaded guilty for insurance fraud and was sentenced to six months in jail .
Prosecutors accused her of being involved from the beginning , but Roberson says he is n't sure .
Either way , she was technically guilty from the moment she learned her husband was alive . )
Looking back now , Sheppard himself has trouble making sense of it all .
Today , none of his problems seem insurmountable , even the overcharged corporate credit card .
He probably could have admitted wrongdoing and left the company , maybe even paid it back and kept his job .
But at the time , " it felt like the whole world was on my shoulders . "
After spending his early prison days laboring on outdoor work crews , he now works indoors handling the prison 's construction contracts .
He 's hoping for a work release , maybe even with a company he worked with at Eaton .
" I 've been through the hardest time of my life ; physically , mentally , with my family , " he says .
" I would settle for working at McDonald's . "
He 'd known the school registration was risky , and he was n't surprised when I told him that was how the authorities had caught him .
But he tries not to think too much about where he might be if only he'd kept his guard up a bit longer .
" I do n't see how I could have taken care of my family and kept my daughter out of all of this forever , " he says .
Mostly , he wants people to know he 's remorseful for what he inflicted upon his coworkers , neighbors , and family .
By intentionally disappearing , Sheppard did n't relieve himself of his burdens — he just swapped them for another set .
" What was worse ? " he wonders now .
" What I was dealing with when I did this ?
Or what I had to deal with when I was on the run ? "
He does allow , on reflection , that a larger body of water might have made for a more convincing death .
" That was one of the stupid things , " he says , with a hint of laughter in his eyes , " that I did n't go to a lake or something . "
Contributing editor Evan Ratliff ( eratliff@atavist.net ) wrote about dinosaur proteins in Wired , issue 17.07 ..
Nearly two years ago we wrote a list of everyday inventions .
The list was relatively popular for its time and debunked at least one myth about the invention of peanut butter .
This list is the second installment and looks at ten more items that we all come into contact with in our daily lives .
These are things we tend to take for granted and we certainly would n’t know the name of the inventor if asked .
10 Garden Gnomes
The first garden gnomes were made in Gräfenroda , a town known for its ceramics in Thuringia , Germany in the mid-1800s .
Philip Griebel made terracotta animals as decorations , and produced gnomes based on local myths as a way for people to enjoy the stories of the gnomes ’ willingness to help in the garden at night .
The garden gnome quickly spread across Germany and into France and England , and wherever gardening was a serious hobby .
Griebel ’s descendants still make them and are the last of the German producers .
Garden gnomes were first introduced to the United Kingdom in 1847 by Sir Charles Isham , when he brought 21 terracotta figures back from a trip to Germany and placed them as ornaments in the gardens of his home , Lamport Hall in Northamptonshire .
Only one of the original batch of gnomes survives : Lampy , as he is known , is on display at Lamport Hall , and is insured for one million pounds .
He is pictured above .
9 Friction Matches
While matches existed in China in the 6th century and Europe from the 16th century , it was not until the 1800s that friction matches as we know them today were invented .
The first “ friction match ” was invented by English chemist John Walker in 1826 .
Early work had been done by Robert Boyle and his assistant , Godfrey Haukweicz in the 1680s with phosphorus and sulfur , but their efforts had not produced useful results .
Walker discovered a mixture of stibnite , potassium chlorate , gum , and starch could be ignited by striking against any rough surface .
Walker called the matches congreves , but the process was patented by Samuel Jones and the matches were sold as lucifer matches ( as they are still known in the Netherlands ) .
In 1862 , Bryant and May , the British match manufacturers began mass producing the red tipped matches we all know today , after the patent by the Lundström brothers from Sweden ,
8 Contact Lenses
Contact lenses are surprisingly older than most of us realize .
In 1888 , the German physiologist Adolf Eugen Fick constructed and fitted the first successful contact lens .
While working in Zürich , he described fabricating afocal scleral contact shells , which rested on the less sensitive rim of tissue around the cornea , and experimentally fitting them : initially on rabbits , then on himself , and lastly on a small group of volunteers .
These lenses were made from heavy blown glass and were 18 – 21 mm in diameter .
Fick filled the empty space between cornea / callosity and glass with a dextrose solution .
Fick ’s lens was large , unwieldy , and could only be worn for a few hours at a time .
It was not until 1949 that the first lenses were produced that sat on the cornea only and allowed for many hours of wear .
7 Washing Machine
The first patent for a non-electrical washing machine was issued in England in 1692 .
Nearly two hundred years later , Louis Goldenberg of New Brunswick , New Jersey invented the electric washing machine ( late 1800s to early 1900s ) .
He worked for the Ford Motor Company at that time , and all inventions that were created while working for Ford under contract , belonged to Ford .
The patent would have been listed under Ford and or Louis Goldenberg .
Alva J. Fisher has been incorrectly credited with the invention of the electric washer .
The US patent office shows at least one patent issued before Mr. Fisher ’s US patent number 966677 .
6 Soda Can
The early metal beverage can was made out of steel and had no pull - tab .
Instead , it was opened by a can piercer , a device resembling a bottle opener , but with a sharp point .
The can was opened by punching two triangular holes in the lid — a large one for drinking , and a small one to admit air .
This type of opener is sometimes referred to as a churchkey .
As early as 1936 , inventors were applying for patents on self - opening can designs , but the technology of the time made these inventions impractical .
Later advancements saw the ends of the can made out of aluminum instead of steel .
In 1962 , Ermal Cleon Fraze of Dayton , Ohio , invented the integral rivet and pull - tab ( also known as rimple or ring pull ) , which had a ring attached at the rivet for pulling , and which would come off completely to be discarded .
These were eventually replaced almost exclusively by the stay tabs we still use today .
Stay tabs ( also called colon tabs ) were invented by Daniel F. Cudzik of Reynolds Metals in Richmond , Virginia , in 1975 .
5 Condoms
The first rubber condom was produced in 1855 .
For many decades , rubber condoms were manufactured by wrapping strips of raw rubber around penis - shaped molds , then dipping the wrapped molds in a chemical solution to cure the rubber .
In 1912 , a German named Julius Fromm developed a new , improved manufacturing technique for condoms : dipping glass molds into a raw rubber solution .
Called cement dipping , this method required adding gasoline or benzene to the rubber to make it liquid .
These condoms were re-usable .
Latex , rubber suspended in water , was invented in 1920 .
Latex condoms required less labor to produce than cement - dipped rubber condoms , which had to be smoothed by rubbing and trimming .
The use of water to suspend the rubber instead of gasoline and benzene eliminated the fire hazard previously associated with all condom factories .
Latex condoms also performed better for the consumer : they were stronger and thinner than rubber condoms , and had a shelf life of five years ( compared to three months for rubber ) .
4 Tin Foil
Foil made from a thin leaf of tin was commercially available before its aluminum counterpart .
In the late 19th century and early 20th century , tin foil was in common use , and some people continue to refer to the new product by the name of the old one .
Tin foil is stiffer than aluminum foil .
It tends to give a slight tin taste to food wrapped in it , which is a major reason it has largely been replaced by aluminum and other materials for wrapping food .
The first audio recordings on phonograph cylinders were made on tin foil .
Tin was first replaced by aluminum starting in 1910 , when the first aluminum foil rolling plant , “ Dr. Lauber , Neher & Cie. , Emmishofen . ” was opened in Kreuzlingen , Switzerland .
3 Ballpoint Pen
The first patent on a ballpoint pen was issued on 30 October 1888 , to John J. Loud , a leather tanner , who was attempting to make a writing implement that would be able to write on the leather he tanned , which the then - common fountain pen could n’t do .
The pen had a rotating small steel ball , held in place by a socket .
Then , fifty years later , with the help of his brother George , László Bíró , a chemist , began to work on designing new types of pens .
Bíró fitted this pen with a tiny ball in its tip that was free to turn in a socket .
As the pen moved along the paper , the ball rotated , picking up ink from the ink cartridge and leaving it on the paper .
Bíró filed a British patent on 15 June 1938 .
Earlier pens leaked or clogged due to improper viscosity of the ink , and depended on gravity to deliver the ink to the ball .
Depending on gravity caused difficulties with the flow and required that the pen be held nearly vertically .
The Biro pen both pressurized the ink column and used capillary action for ink delivery , solving the flow problems .
2 Shampoo
Shampoo originally meant head massage in several North Indian languages .
Both the word and the concept were introduced to Britain from colonial India .
The term and service was introduced in Britain by a Bengali entrepreneur Sake Dean Mahomed in 1814 , when Dean , together with his Irish wife , opened a shampooing bath known as ‘ Mahomed ’s Indian Vapour Baths ’ in Brighton , England .
During the early stages of shampoo , English hair stylists boiled shaved soap in water and added herbs to give the hair shine and fragrance .
Kasey Hebert was the first known maker of shampoo , and the origin is currently attributed to him .
Originally , soap and shampoo were very similar products ; both containing surfactants , a type of detergent .
Modern shampoo as it is known today was first introduced in the 1930s with Drene , the first synthetic ( non-soap ) shampoo .
1 Chocolate Bars
Up to and including the 19th century , candy of all sorts was typically sold by weight , loose , in small pieces that would be bagged as bought .
The introduction of chocolate as something that could be eaten as is , rather than used to make beverages or desserts , resulted in the earliest bar forms , or tablets .
In 1847 , the Fry ’s chocolate factory , located in Union Street , Bristol , England , moulded the first ever chocolate bar suitable for widespread consumption .
The firm began producing the Fry ’s Chocolate Cream bar ( arguably the best tasting chocolate bar in the world in my opinion ) in 1866 .
Over 220 products were introduced in the following decades , including production of the first chocolate Easter egg in UK in 1873 and the Fry ’s Turkish Delight ( or Fry ’s Turkish bar ) in 1914 .
By 1919 the company merged with Cadbury ’s chocolate and the joint company named British Cocoa and Chocolate Company .
This article is licensed under the GFDL because it contains quotations from Wikipedia .
A couple of months ago I gave a donation to Best Friends in memory of a friend ’s husband .
I got my tax receipt / thank you note and even the magazine that described this organization ’s work in saving homeless pets .
Last week I got the call – you know – the one where they ask for an additional donation .
Except that ’s not what happened .
The caller was Gabriel , a founder of that organization .
He just called to say thank you for my donation .
Then he asked about my family and our pets .
He was genuinely curious , and caring .
At the end of the conversation , I complimented him for not asking for another donation .
He just calls because he wants to .
And , of course , he did n’t have to ask .
By having no agenda , other than caring , he earned my trust .
And he ’s earned another donation .
Without asking for it .
What a great way to sell .
You say you do n't trust Wikipedia ?
Well , you can blame men , at least for the most part .
According to a survey of 175,000 Wikipedia users , about a third of respondents reported that they actually help write and edit encyclopedia entries -- as opposed to merely reading them -- and of that group women constitute a paltry 13 % .
That more men than women take the time to write , edit and wrangle over Wikipedia entries is not surprising .
However , that the disparity between the participation of the sexes is so cavernous may raise eyebrows .
According to a Wall Street Journal blog :
The November survey , which had some 175,000 valid responses , was conducted in multiple languages by the Wikimedia Foundation , the nonprofit that operates the site , and United Nations University 's tech - research program MERIT .
They presented the initial findings last week at Wikimania , an annual conference held this year in Buenos Aires .
A comprehensive report is scheduled for November .
Of the 53,888 respondents who said they contribute to Wikipedia , only 6,814 were women ( 12.6 % ) .
The male / female ratio is closer among those who read entries but do n't write or edit them : 69 % men to 31 % women .
In the " about " page on its Web site , Wikipedia proprietors acknowledges a gender gap among their ranks : " While most articles may be altered by anyone , in practice editing will be performed by a certain demographic ( younger rather than older , male rather than female , rich enough to afford a computer rather than poor , et cetera ) and may , therefore , show some bias . "
Male rather than female in this case apparently means about seven men for every woman .
( Note : Math fixed from earlier . )
I 've asked Wikipedia for comment about the survey .
Meanwhile , Wikipedia also has announced a new editing scheme that will use color - coded overlays to help guide readers as to which entries and editing changes are deemed to be more reliable than others .
If it works as advertised , the tool could be a valuable addition to the site and help alleviate concerns about inaccuracies and vandalism .
According to this PC World story on our site :
In a bid to become a more trustworthy source , Wikipedia will use color codes to indicate the reliability of an article 's author .
Called " WikiTrust , " the optional feature will assign a color code to newly - edited text , based on the author 's reputation .
Famous for its vast number of articles , but not for its reliability , Wikipedia is looking to rehabilitate itself .
Starting this fall , text from new or questionable sources will be signalled with a bright orange background , while trusted authors will get a lighter shade .
And who knows ?
Perhaps a splash of color will entice more women to participate .
" Do n't be deceived when they tell you things are better now .
Even if there 's no poverty to be seen because the poverty 's been hidden .
Even if you ever got more wages and could afford to buy more of these new and useless goods which industries foist on you and even if it seems to you that you never had so much , that is only the slogan of those who still have much more than you .
Do n't be taken in when they paternally pat you on the shoulder and say that there 's no inequality worth speaking of and no more reason to fight because if you believe them they will be completely in charge in their marble homes and granite banks from which they rob the people of the world under the pretence of bringing them culture .
Watch out , for as soon as it pleases them they 'll send you out to protect their gold in wars whose weapons , rapidly developed by servile scientists , will become more and more deadly until they can with a flick of the finger tear a million of you to pieces . "
-- Jean Paul Marat , 18th Century French Visionary ( and revolutionary ) , murdered in his bathtub by Royalist Charlotte Corday
RIVIERA BEACH , Fla .  Chuck Dettman said he had not really considered the notion back in 2001 that he and his friends in a job - search support group would never recover from being laid off .
The country was in a recession then , as now , and the professionals who had just lost their jobs met weekly at a local job center to network and trade advice .
Despite the national economic problems , they remained confident that they would not only find work but would also be compensated as they had been in the past .
Eight years later , however , most of the people who formed the core of Mr. Dettman ’s group have not made it back to their old income levels , even if they eventually landed jobs .
“ I think there ’s maybe only one or two that have been successful in making what they did then , ” Mr. Dettman said .
BBC Focus # 206 , p.21 August 2009 .
OPEN - SOURCE GOVERNMENT : How can we fix our political system ?
Has the recent MP expenses scandal soured the idea of democracy for you ?
Good , because a vast space of possible forms of government remains unexplored , and it is high time we explored it .
Yes , democracy beats a dictatorship , but there might be better systems .
First , let 's be clear on the main problem , and it is n't politicians lying , exploiting the expense system , or selling us out .
Far worse is that politicians approve bad policies - policies that the available information suggests just wo n't work .
We waste billions on wars , tariffs , and schemes that experts expect will fail .
This happens not because politicians can't consult the best experts , but because we , the voters , tie their hands .
We believe democracy 's flattering lie that each voter 's opinion is just as valid as anyone else 's .
But , in fact , most voters ' opinions about what works are usually awful .
Of course , we do n't want a dictator , even a well - informed one .
While they might pick policies that work , they 'd work toward their ends , not ours .
So the key question is : can citizens retain control over the big priorities - the national ends - while relying on better information on what works to achieve those ends ?
The answer is yes , if after implementing the policy we can decide how well it 's worked .
Imagine a national welfare statistic , like GDP , but including more of what we care about like leisure , health , and environmental quality .
Using this index rich , happy nations would rate high , while poor , miserable ones would rate low .
Under what I 've called `futarchy ' , we could continue to use democracy to say what we want , but use speculative markets , similar to the stock market , to decide on the best way to get it .
Our elected representatives could formally define and manage an after - the - fact measurement of national welfare , an augmented GDP , while market speculators show us which policies will best help us to achieve improvements in it .
Anyone willing to pay a deposit could put forward a proposal to become policy .
Two betting markets then open - one predicting welfare if we adopt the proposal and the other predicting welfare if we do n't .
The basic rule would then be : a day after market prices clearly estimate national welfare to be higher given the proposal than without it , that proposal is adopted .
If it is adopted , the deposit is refunded 10 times over and investments pay off years later , after national welfare is measured .
Speculators can of course sell their entitlement to a share of any pay - off in the future and those who buy low and sell high are rewarded for improving the prediction .
But why speculative markets ?
Because they are an exemplary way to collect and summarise information , at least when we eventually learn the outcome .
In head - to - head comparisons of the accuracy of the information produced , speculative markets consistently tie or beat everything from surveys to elite committees .
To have a say in a speculative market , you put your money where your mouth is .
Those who know they are not experts shut up , and those who do not know this lose money , and then shut up .
I 'm not proposing anyone immediately implement this system - it instead deserves support and legal permission for a series of trials .
For example , the concept can be used to decide whether to fire a firm 's CEO .
The system could be used to approve anything depending on what voters think will improve the national welfare and what policies the experts - or speculators - think would help them achieve that improvement .
Either way , we win .
As the government rethinks penalties for illegal downloaders , a new political party is campaigning for laws to keep pace with technology , Kevin Anderson talks to its leader
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Monday 31 August 2009
The article below was incorrect in saying that the EU had extended copyright to 95 years from the present 50 for performers and sound recordings .
The European commission did propose 95 years , but the European parliament amended it to 70 .
To take effect , this still needs approval from the council of ministers , some of whom oppose an extension .
Equating the freedom to share files non-commercially with freedom from excessive surveillance , freedom of speech and freedom of information , a new political party , the Pirate Party , has launched in the UK .
" We are campaigning for laws that keep pace with technology , " said Andrew Robinson , the party 's leader .
In the past , libraries were set up to share but now technology allows engagement in what Robinson calls " altruistic sharing " .
The party is fighting for what it calls a " public right of access to our culture " .
The movie and music industry see the issue differently .
The estimated 7 million UK filesharers cost the music industry £ 200 m each year , according to figures from the BPI .
The government has determined the future is Digital Britain , and the report proposed new powers for the communications regulator , Ofcom , to demand data on filesharers from ISPs to cut illegal downloads by 70 % .
Access denied
This week , however , the government announced plans with harsher penalties for persistent filesharers .
Ofcom was to review means to curb illegal filesharing , but the government said the process would take too long , with measures not in place until 2012 .
" The government has now reached the view that , if action was deemed necessary , this might be too long to wait given the pressure put on the creative industries by piracy , " according to a press release by the Department for Business , Innovation and Skills .
The government is considering requiring ISPs to block certain sites , slow download speeds or even temporarily cutting off internet access for repeat offenders .
The filesharing war is entering a new phase .
Music and movie companies are pressing forward after legal victories against Bittorrent tracker the Pirate Bay and successful suits with six - and seven - figure penalties against individual filesharers in the US .
This next phase is moving from the courtroom to the court of public opinion and public policy .
The Pirate Party wants to add a voice to the copyright discussion to counter what it sees as a one - sided debate dominated by industry lobbyists .
Ironically , the success of the creative industries in prosecuting the founders of the Pirate Bay raised awareness of the Piratpartiet , the Swedish political group that inspired not only the UK political party but parties and organisations in 34 countries around the world .
The Piratpartiet launched its website on 1 January 2006 and had the necessary signatures for official recognition a month later .
By June of that year , the party had managed to insert the issue of filesharing into the national political debate .
To gain a seat in the Swedish Parliament , the party had to poll at least 4 % but only managed 0.63 % .
Even without electoral success , the party became the third largest political party outside of parliament in its first year .
The Pirate Bay trial not only boosted the Piratpartiet 's profile abroad but also helped it at home , allowing it to win 7.1 % of the vote and one of Sweden 's 18 seats at the European parliament .
It 's good to talk
The UK Pirate Party gained recognition in July and has been overwhelmed by the interest since its launch .
The party does not want to abolish copyright but it needs to be balanced and fair , Robinson claims .
" At the moment , big businesses is saying that we steal handbags , and we say let 's talk about what copyright is about , " he says .
The original purpose of copyright , created by the Statute of Anne of 1709 , was to encourage the creation of artistic works by granting a right to copy for 14 years .
Copyright for written works now stands at life plus 70 years , and copyright for sound recordings is 50 years after the recording is made , or 50 years after publication .
The EU has extended copyright to 95 years for performers and sound recordings .
The term of copyright has been marching forward but along the way , the purpose of it has been lost , according to Robinson .
Instead of encouraging artistic creation , modern copyright has made certain companies cultural gatekeepers , he argues , adding , " copyright is serving the needs of music labels , not the needs of the public , the public domain or even the artists " .
Celebrity influence
Robinson believes copyright reform advocates are outgunned not only by powerful lobbyists but by stars and entertainment executives with access to members of government .
He cited copyright campaigner Sir Cliff Richard playing host to Tony Blair in Barbados .
It has also been suggested that after having dinner with Hollywood mogul and filesharing opponent David Geffen , business secretary Lord Mandelson ordered new plans to be drawn up that could lead to persistent filesharers having their internet access cut off .
However , a government spokesperson has denied Mandelson discussed online piracy in his meeting with Geffen and said there was no connection between that meeting and the government 's new proposals .
While a call to legalise non-commercial filesharing is getting the most attention , the party believes freedom to share is part of a larger set of freedoms , including freedom from excessive surveillance , freedom of movement and freedom of information , to increase government transparency and accountability .
And in addition to opening up a debate on copyright , Robinson also wants to ask : " How much CCTV is enough ?
How much government snooping on what we do on the internet is too much ? "
The party hopes to get many candidates on the ballot in the next election , which must be held before June 2010 .
The Pirate Party in Sweden has a strong youth wing , and the UK party hopes to get a boost from young voters accustomed to sharing music .
It 's unlikely any of its candidates will enter parliament , but Robinson believes the party does n't need to win to gain influence .
They can join with other parties to become king makers .
The Green party does n't have a member of parliament but all three major political parties now agree on the importance of environmental issues , says Robinson .
" We hope to show that a certain amount of the population agree with our issues . "
The government 's filesharing plans
The government has confirmed a streamlined plan for aggressive action against illegal filesharing , saying that previous plans would take too long to implement " given the pressure put on the creative industries by piracy " .
The new plan calls for the secretary of state to be given the power to direct the communications regulator Ofcom to implement technical measures against illegal peer - to - peer filesharing .
Cutting off access was ruled out in the government 's Digital Britain report released in June .
In the report , the then communications minister Lord Carter said illegal filesharers should receive letters warning them their activities could leave them open to prosecution .
If that failed to reduce piracy by at least 70 % , Ofcom would have the power to call on internet service providers to introduce " technical measures " .
The most draconian penalty considered at the time was to slow down a persistent filesharer 's broadband connection .
Ofcom was going to evaluate possible technical measures , but the government said that would mean they would n't be ready until 2012 at the earliest .
The music and movie industries have lobbied hard for tougher measures to be introduced sooner .
" We 've been listening carefully to responses to the consultation this far , and it's become clear there are widespread concerns that the plans as they stand could delay action , impacting unfairly upon rights holders , " said the minister for Digital Britain , Stephen Timms .
Geoff Taylor , CEO of the music industry trade group BPI , said that digital piracy posed " a real threat to the UK's creative industries " that needed urgent action .
" Today is a step forward that should help the legal digital market to grow for consumers , " he said .
While the creative industries will be pleased , internet service providers are not only being asked to police users for illegal filesharing , but will also bear part of the costs of enforcement .
Digital rights groups called the move , a " kneejerk reaction " .
Jim Killock , the executive director of the Open Rights Group , said : " Suspension of internet access would restrict people 's fundamental right to freedom of expression .
It would also fly in the face of the government 's policy of universal broadband access . "
He also accused the government of making the decision based on " private conversations " and will be lodging an official complaint " about the shoddiness of this consultation process " .
Meanwhile , tech - savvy Labour MP Tom Watson ( pictured left ) wrote on his blog that he was disappointed with the proposals , adding that they would " lead to accusations that the government has been captured by the big lobby operations of powerful rightsholders " .
Wow , UK Funky is actually pretty cool .
A bit cheesy , but damn its great for parties !
“ Two hours of UK Funky from the dons behind Bongo Jam , Do You Mind and The Funky Anthem .
UK
Funky is a variant of house which has been dominating the clubs and bars of Ayia Napa and Malia as well as our sister station 1 Xtra this summer !
Expect to hear anything and everything from Eric Prydz to Natty , all over a funky house beat ! ”
Check out other Essential mixes in my archive and subscribe to the feed to get good music in the future .
BBC Radio 1 Essential Mix 2009 09 12 Crazy Cousinz [ Filesonic download ]
Tracklist :
David Guetta feat Akon – Sexy Bitch
Dizzee Rascal & Armand Van Helden – Bonkers
Eric Prydz – Pjanoo
KIG Family – Head , Shoulders , Knees & Toes
Steve Angello & Laidback Luke ft Robin S – Show me Love ( Geeneus Remix )
Crazy Cousinz & MC Versatile – Funky Anthem
Kyla –
Do you mind ( Crazy Cousinz Remix )
Doneao – Party Hard
Meleka – Go ( Crazy Cousinz Remix )
Majestic – In The Vip ( Wideboys Remix )
Kid Cudi – Day ‘n ’
Nite
Enur feat Natasja – Calabria 2007
Fuzzy Logik –
The way you move
Black Coffee feat Bucie – Turn Me On
Unknown – Unknown
Claude VonStroke – Who ’s afraid of Detriot
Crazy Cousinz – Sonar
Egypt – In The Morning
Yonurican – Boriken Soul ( Dub Mix )
Dennis Ferrer – Sinfonia Della Notte
Black Eyed Peas – Boom Boom Pow
Gracious K – Migraine Skank
D Malice – Gabryelle Refix
Chocolate Puma feat Shermanology – Only Love Can Save Me ( Dub Of Boom )
Masters At Work – Work
Crazy Cousinz – Always Be My ( Instrumental )
Funky Dee –
Are you gonna bang doe ( Scholar Remix )
Shystie – Pull It ( ILL BLU Remix )
Jeremih – Birthday Sex ( Funky Mix )
Karizma – Twyst This
Play feat Pelz – Nameless
Crazy Cousinz – Inflation
Jade Ewen – My Man ( Perempay & Dee Remix )
Skanks & Bigfoot – Sweet Like Chocolate ( Crazy Cousinz Mix )
Tina Moore – Never gonna let you go ( Crazy Cousinz Mix )
Shontelle – T - shirt ( Crazy Cousinz Mix )
Play – Attract
Estelle – Come Over ( Crazy Cousinz Mix )
Alisha Dixon – Boy Does Nothing ( Crazy Cousinz Mix )
Garrison Hawk – Sweet Music ( Crazy Cousinz Mix )
Lemar – If She Knew ( Crazy Cousinz Mix )
KIG – HSKT ( Crazy Cousinz Mix )
Hannah Liston – Embrace Me ( Crazy Cousinz Mix )
Natty – July ( Crazy Cousinz Mix )
Help keeping the site running - Support Core News :)
Burmese opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has spoken out today , calling her renewed house arrest “ totally unfair , ” adding to the criticism that this verdict is summoning worldwide .
It was a bizarre turn of events that led to an extension of Aung San Suu Kyi ’s house arrest .
A few months before she was to be released , an American intruder , John Yettaw ( who believed he was on a mission from God , and wanted to warn Suu Kyi of danger ) swam across Inya Lake in Yangon to visit her .
While his motives were certainly irrational , the fact that his arrival was not detected by the military guarding her house invites speculation and irony .
Yettaw pleaded exhaustion and Suu Kyi reluctantly allowed him to stay and rest .
He was arrested when he attempted to swim back across the lake .
Suu Kyi and two women in her household were imprisoned and charged with hosting a foreigner without informing the authorities , a crime in Myanmar .
The ensuing trial ended in long prison sentences for all of the accused , and has triggered international outrage .
Senator John Webb negotiated Yettaw ’s release last week .
General Than Shwe reduced Aung Than Suu Kyi’s sentence to a year and a half under continued house arrest .
His act of leniency prevents her from playing a role in national elections scheduled for next year .
Aung San Suu Kyi is the daughter of Burma ’s national martyr and founder of the armed forces , Aung San , who was assassinated on the eve of his ascension to prime minister of an independent Burma .
For much of her adult life , Aung San Suu Kyi lived and studied at Oxford University , where she raised a family .
She entered politics in 1988 , during the course of a popular uprising that became a watershed moment in Burma ’s modern history .
Two years later , she won in a landslide election for her party , the National League for Democracy ( NLD ) , but the military regime put her under house arrest and prevented her from assuming office .
She received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 in recognition of her work for democratic reform , and has lived under house arrest for fourteen years over the last two decades .
Her party ’s activities are closely monitored and frequently curtailed by the regime .
A Buddhist ’s Engagement with Civil Society
Aung San Suu Kyi’s advocacy of socially engaged Buddhism has lent moral authority to her quest against the military regime .
Her message articulates modern political values : liberalism , human rights , nonviolent resistance , and the empowerment of individuals .
Suu Kyi has commented on her practice of meditation as a source of spiritual strength and as an integral part of her social engagement .
Her charismatic appeal among Burmese — and , markedly , among Buddhists in the West — has been heightened by her practice of meditation , her discipline , and even hunger strikes during her prolonged house arrest .
She has reflected on her solitude under house arrest , saying :
Like many of my Buddhist colleagues , I decided to put my time under detention to good use by practicing meditation …
In my political work , I have been helped and strengthened by the teachings of members of the sangha [ monkhood ] .
In exile at home , the daughter of Burma ’s national hero lives the life of a world - renouncer .
She speaks eloquently about things she has learned from the examples of civil rights leaders of the 20th century , and seeks to emulate in her own life Mahatma Gandhi ’s ideals of nonviolence , civil resistance against oppression , and temporary ascetic withdrawal from political engagement .
In adopting Gandhi ’s strategies , Suu Kyi looks for ways to translate his model of satyagraha into a Buddhist context .
Strikingly , she represents perhaps the first modern female Buddhist ascetic to engage in civil resistance .
In her view , modern Buddhist ethical conduct must ameliorate social , economic , and political injustice .
From this ethical premise , Suu Kyi has articulated an encompassing vision of political empowerment .
She has made extensive use of salient Buddhist narratives to convey to Burmese audiences , and to Western activists , her vision of civil society and moral authority .
Reminiscent of Martin Luther King ’s “ Letter from Birmingham Jail , ” her Letters from Burma present persuasive parables on contemporary Burmese society .
Her essay “ In Quest of Democracy ” places the Burmese movement for democracy during the late 1980s in a Buddhist context :
The Burmese people go to the heart of the matter by turning to the words of the Buddha on the four causes of decline and decay : failure to recover that which has been lost , omission to repair that which has been damaged , disregard for the need for reasonable economy , and the elevation to leadership of men without morality or learning .
Aung San Suu Kyi conveys the values of liberal democracy and the universality of human rights in culturally salient Buddhist idioms .
She advocates grassroots - level engagement with democratic reforms to bring about material and moral improvement in society .
Her writings suggest a Buddhist vision of civil society in which people can live in freedom from fear ; empowered to resist corruption and coercion .
She articulated her political thoughts in her address to UNESCO ’s World Commission on Culture and Development :
The true development of human beings involves much more than mere economic growth .
At its heart there must be a sense of empowerment and inner fulfillment .
This alone will ensure that human and cultural values remain paramount [ in a world where ] political leadership is often synonymous with tyranny and the rule of a narrow elite .
People ’s participation in social and political transformation is the central issue of our time .
This can only be achieved through the establishment of societies which place human worth above power , and liberation above control .
In this paradigm , development requires democracy , the genuine empowerment of the people .
When this is achieved , culture and development will naturally coalesce to create an environment in which all are valued , and every kind of human potential can be realized .
Her voice is joined by other Buddhist activists who share her vision in Burma , and internationally : by the Thai activist Sulak Sivaraksa , the Vietnamese monk Thich Nhat Hanh , and the Dalai Lama ( who has publicly appealed to the Myanmar government to show “ magnanimity and understanding ” to “ a fellow Buddhist . ”
Meanwhile , in the wake of the latest trouble — and as lawyers , politicians , and religious leaders fight for her release — a new barbed wire fence has been installed around her home .
Credit Card Companies Continue To Be Protected From Lawsuits
Starting Thursday , credit card consumers will receive new protections against unscrupulous credit card practices .
Credit card holders will have the opportunity to opt - out of interest rate rises .
Consumers will also receive 45 days notice before an interest rate increase .
As these new guidelines are meant to offer protections for consumers , an important protection will still be unavailable – the right to take your credit card company to court .
Each time you sign on the dotted line , you could be signing away your rights .
Nearly every bank , credit card and cell phone company is a party .
Many home builders , nursing homes , and some employers are too .
Written into the fine print , contracts often notify the consumer that arbitration is the permissible recourse .
That means , you have no right to sue or file a class action lawsuit .
David Arkish , Director Public Citizen ’s Congress Watch Division , says arbitration works in business ‘ favor .
“ Lenders use arbitration as both a shield and a sword . ”
Arkish said .
“ The sword component is it makes it much easier to go after consumers . ”
Arkish said the shield is to “ protect the company from liability . ”
Arbitration goes through a for - profit third - party .
It has no structured format and the case is never heard before a jury of one ’s peers .
Jordan Fogel of Houston ,
Texas bought what she thought was her dream retirement home , until her first night the roof of the kitchen fell .
“ I was downstairs putting up glasses and all of a sudden the whole ceiling caves in and 100 gallons of water come crashing down , ” Fogel said .
After twenty - nine months of fighting with the home builder , the only thing she realized was that her home was so contaminated with mold that no person should be allowed to spend one day inside .
When the home builder took her to arbitration , she soon realized she had no legal recourse in court .
“ When the builder calls and says we will take care of you in arbitration , you know it ’s not going to be in your best interest , ” Fogel said .
On an uninhabitable $ 369,000 home , the Fogels won $ 40,000 , but most of the money went back to the home builder because the arbitrator determined the Fogels violated contracts .
Arbitration left the Fogels with a $ 10,000 reward .
Recent actions are showing that some businesses and the government are looking differently at arbitration .
Just Last month , the Minnesota Attorney General found that one of the largest arbitration companies , National Arbitration Forum , was so closely tied to its business clients , that the consumer had little chance of ever seeking a just reward .
The determination was so stinging that the National Arbitration Forum immediately closed down .
Last week , Bank of America , said it will no longer enforce its mandatory arbitration clause in future disputes for most of its consumer businesses .
Betty Reiss , spokesperson for Bank of America , said the decision was made because of “ complaints from customers . ”
David Arkish with Public Citizen said the Minnesota decision and the voluntary action by Bank of America is good news for consumers , but there is still little protection because Bank of America could reverse this decision at anytime .
“ If they do the right thing today , they ’re not stopped from changing their mind later .
The problem is the power is all in their hands .
They have the power , unilaterally , to take peoples ’ right to go to court away , ” Arkish said .
Bryan Quigly , spokesperson with the US Chamber of Commerce Institute of Legal Reform Institute , said arbitration works and voluntary arbitration will not .
“ There ’s this myth out there you can take arbitration and have it as an option .
But both parties would have to agree .
So when you already have a dispute on the table , one of the parties will agree which path is better for them , ” Quigly said .
A Congressional proposal , backed by President Obama , would prohibit mandatory arbitration for bank and credit card consumers , which would instate consumers ’ right to the courts .
Consumer advocates want the proposal expanded to all sectors of the economy – homes , cars , cell phones , nursing homes , and the workplace .
I 've been using scalatest , but I know other people have worked on
other frameworks .
Can scalatest be considered the standard , or is
there no real standard as of yet ?
Thanks ,
Ken
It 's easy to see how things could spiral out of control : the two sides are braced for combat .
At Ergneti on Georgia 's border with South Ossetia , Georgian military police stand guard behind high barricades made of sandbags and two metre - high slabs of concrete .
Out of sight barely 20 metres away , the forces of South Ossetia and Russia are mustered behind barricades of their own , their national flags fluttering .
The tranquility of the rolling green fields and lush vineyards belie it , but many fear that another summer war between Russia and Georgia like the one 11 months ago which killed hundreds of civilians is no more than a stutter of automatic gunfire away from breaking out .
And if it happens , this standoff at Ergneti could be the flashpoint .
In the valley below is Tskhinvali , the South Ossetian capital .
Today it shimmers in the heat but last August it was the epicentre of the war as the forces of the Russian Federation punished the Georgian army for asserting its right to rule the ethnically distinct entity of South Ossetia on its northern edge .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The tension is palpable .
And the fear today is that this time , the Russian forces may carry out what last year they only threatened and topple the regime of the Western - leaning Georgian President , Mikheil Saakashvili .
Russian troops this week embarked on large - scale war games in the North Caucasus , just a few dozen miles away , preparation for " potential conflict situations in the region , " the generals say .
Similar exercises preceded the war last summer .
The mood at the Ergneti checkpoint is tense and the Georgian soldiers say there is absolutely no human contact between the two sides , despite the proximity .
With the exception of a mangy stray dog , which wanders freely between the two posts , nobody is allowed to cross the border .
Locals need no reminding of how deadly a new war would be .
In Ergneti itself , which before the war was home to about 200 people , only a few villagers have returned .
Many houses here , and in other villages on the way to the Georgian city of Gori 20 miles away , suffered heavy damage from Russian aerial bombardment last August .
The houses that remained standing were ruthlessly looted and torched by marauding Ossetian militias .
" I lost absolutely everything , " says Gia Cheladze , 42 , who has lived his whole life in Ergneti .
With his family he escaped to Gori during the war .
When he returned , he found his two - story house was a charred wreck .
The windows and roof had been destroyed and everything of value looted .
" I 've worked hard all my life and in a couple of weeks it was all destroyed , " he says .
He now lives with his elderly parents in a shack , beside the shell of his old house , a constant reminder of the threat of war .
The money he received from the Georgian government was not enough to rebuild the house , and he claims that European aid distributed in the region was appropriated by a few families and then put up for sale .
Now , says Mr Cheladze , the villagers fear that their lives will be disrupted by war once again .
" Everyone here is tense , " he says .
" This morning there was a huge explosion , I do n't know where it came from .
People say that 6 July is the day that something might happen .
Maybe we 'll leave for a few days around then ; I can't bear yet another war . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Some Russian analysts dismiss the theory that Russia is looking for a new war and suggest that the Caucasus war games were a response to Nato military exercises which took place in Georgia recently and infuriated Moscow .
There are some , however , such as Andrei Illarionov , a former adviser to Vladimir Putin , who say that Russia is looking to oust Mr Saakashvili permanently and may launch an invasion of the country on 6 July , the date that President Barack Obama makes his much - hyped first official visit to Moscow .
Mr Putin , now the Russian Prime Minister and still widely seen as the most powerful person in Russia , has a deep personal hatred of Mr Saakashvili and has expressed a desire to see him " hung by the balls " .
" For Moscow it 's quite galling to see that Saakashvili is still in power nearly a year after losing the war , " says Lawrence Sheets , from the International Crisis Group in Tbilisi .
" The statements coming out of Moscow with increasing regularity look very ominous . "
Mr Sheets says the Georgian tactics in the event of an invasion by the Russian army are likely to revolve around guerrilla warfare and a defence of the capital , Tbilisi .
In a worrying sign , the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe ( OSCE ) , which has had a mission in South Ossetia for more than a decade and had been monitoring the border region since last summer 's war , was forced to close its mission in Georgia this week .
Russia had insisted that for the mission to continue , it must recognise South Ossetia 's independence .
Apart from Russia , only Nicaragua has recognised South Ossetia and Abkhazia – Georgia 's other breakaway zone – as independent countries , with the rest of the world still insistent that they are separatist territories that are officially part of Georgia .
Unwilling to change the mission 's status , the OSCE has had to shut down shop and its Finnish head of mission left the country for good on Tuesday morning .
For the same reason , a UN mission in Abkhazia is closing down .
The departure of the OSCE is " hugely important symbolically and psychologically , " says Mr Sheets .
Georgian officials fear that without international observers in place , it will be easy for the Russians to launch an attack in response to supposed Georgian provocations .
Russia has stationed thousands of troops in South Ossetia since last summer .
With the situation volatile , even if Russia is not actively seeking a new war , a minor spat or a stray bullet could lead to disastrous consequences in the region .
" I do n't think people in Europe and the US really understand just how dangerous this situation is , " says Mr Sheets .
" It 's very scary and very explosive . "
In an interview with The Independent yesterday , Mr Saakashvili expressed his concern about the situation .
" Of course I 'm worried , " he said .
" The idea of invasion looks crazy if you apply normal political logic ... but [ the Russians ] operate with the logic of a street bully . "
Jason Heller is a commercial and wildlife photographer based in New York City .
Jason can be best described as a conceptual commercial photographer specializing in underwater , travel & lifestyle photography , but the depth and breadth of his work both in and out of the studio has no bounds .
Photographer Sarah Lee is one of those young women who ’s creativity started peaking at an early age .
Currently 18 , she ’s attending Chapman University in Orange , California as a freshman .
In this set of photos , she creates an underwater world that ’s spectacularly colorful .
Keira Knightley recently shot this campaign for Fresh 2O for Water Aid .
Alix Malka makes fashion come alive with floral dresses floating underwater .
Malka captures model Marcelina Sowa in beautiful , swirling motion and dramatic poses for Japanese magazine , Numero Tokyo
Compiling a list of underwater photographers just would n’t be right without mentioning Zena Holloway .
Holloway creates a fantasy world a few of us have ever known , either above the sea or within it .
Talk about an underwater fairy tale .
A self - taught photographic artist , Barbara Cole dropped out of high school and discovered what it was she wanted to do .
She says photography found her , identified her and ultimately saved her .
Cole recently shot a beautiful underwater spread for Anthropologie .
One of Jan Struther ’s popular stories of the 1930s included the following passage :
She saw every relationship as a pair of intersecting circles .
It would seem at first glance that the more they overlapped the better the relationship ; but this is not so .
Beyond a certain point the law of diminishing returns sets in , and there are not enough private resources left on either side to enrich the life that is shared .
Probably perfection is reached when the area of the two outer crescents , added together , is exactly equal to that of the leaf - shaped piece in the middle .
On paper there must be some neat mathematical formula for arriving at this ; in life , none .
Interestingly , mathematicians who pursued the problem found that no precise solution is possible .
With circles , as with relationships , we have to do the best we can .
The Catholic Church is staunchly against the use of the pill
A Roman Catholic bank in Germany has apologised after admitting it bought stocks in defence , tobacco and birth control companies .
Der Spiegel newspaper discovered the bank had invested 580,000 euros ( £ 495,310 , $ 826,674 ) in British arms company BAE Systems .
It also invested 160,000 euros in American birth control pill maker Wyeth and 870,000 euros in tobacco companies .
The bank apologised for behaviour " not in keeping with ethical standards " .
Pax Bank has previously advertised ethical investment funds , specifically claiming to avoid arms and tobacco companies along with organisations that do not adhere to Catholic beliefs .
The Catholic Church has historically condemned the use of contraception , for breaking the link between sex and procreation - a view emphatically upheld by current Pope Benedict XVI .
In the past he has called birth control a " grave sin " .
A spokesman for Pax Bank said : " We will rectify the mistakes immediately without negative consequences for our clients .
" Unfortunately in a few internal reviews , the critical investments in question were overlooked - we deeply regret this . "
The spokesman thanked journalists for bringing the controversial investments to its attention .
I ’m not going to lie , when I first heard that we were having a girl , a small tinge of disappointment hit me ; I ’d really been hoping for a boy .
I know , turn me in for the jerk - of - the - year award .
It was n’t that I did n’t want a girl , it was just that I did n’t know how I would relate to , or help raise a sex that preferred tea parties to a rugby match .
It was easy to imagine how I would bring up a boy .
Strict discipline mixed with love and honor , lessons of wilderness survival , famous battles , endless wrestling matches and instruction in being a gentleman .
A girl on the other hand ?
The idea terrified me .
Pictures of puberty , boy band concerts , awkward dad moments and an embarrassed / annoyed daughter helped convince me that I was n’t cut out for the task of raising a daughter .
Part of my misunderstanding came from being raised as an only child , growing up around boys via various sports teams , then attending a military academy with a 6:1 guy to girl ratio .
Let ’s just say , while I appreciated the opposite sex , I knew very little about them other than they confused me and smelled nice .
Then my daughter was born and my theories were immediately tossed out the hospital window .
She was beautiful , and I quickly took to being her father .
She was mine and I was hers .
My heart melted inside me the first time I held her and later , when she said “ Dada ! ” and held out her arms to hug me .
The fears I once had about not being able to love a girl as much evaporated as I became the ridiculously proud parent I ’d always mocked .
Now , my daughter is still just a toddler , so I know that I have many , many lessons still to learn ( a fact that nearly kept me from writing this post in the first place ) .
The teenage years still loom ahead like a storm on the horizon taunting me …with tongue piercings and glittery lip gloss .
But , even with only a short time under my belt , my daughter has taught me some incredibly important lessons that I never would have picked up had she not blessed my wife and me with her presence .
1 ) Men are born to protect .
Regardless of whether it has gone out of fashion in today ’s society , deep in the heart of every man is a desire to protect his loved ones .
To make sure that they feel safe when you ’re around , like the calming presence of a strong lion protecting the rest of the pride .
Though I ’m sure that this instinct is there with boys as well , the strong conviction I have to protect my daughter is greater than nearly anything I ’ve felt in my life .
It is n’t a feeling that has to be worked up , it ’s just there , like cement , daring someone to move it .
Taking on the protector role means carrying yourself a bit differently .
Rather than wandering aimlessly down any dark alley , I now am more aware of my surroundings and where I am taking my baby .
I also find myself a bit less sympathetic when other people ’s reckless actions invade my daughter ’s life .
I used to work out mostly for vanity ; I wanted to look good .
Now , I work out knowing that I could be the sole person standing between an intruder and my wife and child .
And I ’d be remiss if I did n’t mention the time I ’ve spent developing intimidation tactics for future boyfriends .
Good luck Johnny brace - face .
2 ) Girls keep a man ’s heart from growing too hard .
Perhaps it ’s because I went to a military academy , or spent too much time watching “ Gladiator , ” but I realized after the birth of my daughter that my heart had grown a bit hard .
My compassion , patience and grace were all lacking .
I firmly believed that “ second place was the first loser , ” “ Pain was just weakness leaving the body , ” etc .
I had great pride in the discipline and efficiency through which I ran my life and home .
These tough - guy attitudes suddenly seemed a bit ridiculous as I would look into the eyes of an innocent little girl content with blowing bubbles , chasing butterflies and eating copious amounts of cheese .
It ’s not that I have now become a bumbling mess of emotion and softness since the birth of my daughter , but I have allowed myself to accept that not everything in life is simply a resource that must be dedicated to some ultimate victory .
If we do n’t get all of our chores done it ’s not the end of the world .
My car used to be spotless , now it has crushed cheerios and toys strewn about the back seat … who cares !
With a child in one ’s life , schedules and plans become much more flimsy .
When my daughter cries I do n’t try to numb the pain with a motivational talk , I just hug her .
She ’s kept my heart clean .
3 ) Every girl is some man ’s daughter .
There is no doubt that certain levels of sexism still remain alive in our culture today .
Until I had a daughter I gave the idea very little thought .
It had no direct impact on me , and I tried my best to be respectful to women , so why should I care ?
Raising a daughter and beginning to think about her future has caused me to reconsider my views on sexism , the glass ceiling , even the role of women in the advertising and entertainment industries .
I ’m sure most guys are like I was , giving a sigh and roll of the eyes when HR begins their annual training on sexual harassment , but things are a little different when the victim could someday be your daughter .
I once heard a lecture concerning America ’s sex -saturated society .
The gentleman discussed pornography , sexual addiction and abuse , but one comment caused the whole audience to go startlingly silent .
“ Every time you choose to view pornography , attend a strip club , solicit a prostitute , or in any other way , treat a woman like a piece of flesh rather than a person , remember one thing :
That girl is some man ’s daughter . ”
Men sat silently , the ones with daughters trembled at the idea of some man treating their daughter with such disrespect .
Women are n’t just peers , co-workers , friends … they ’re daughters .
4 ) Slow down .
The other day my friend and I were walking to the library with my girl .
She just learned to walk a few months ago so she was a bit sporadic .
Speeding up , giggling , slowing down , stopping to pick up a stray leaf .
As we watched her take in the world around her , my friend commented , “ Would n’t it be awesome if a walk to the library was this much fun ? ” I chuckled for a moment , but realized this was one of the true blessings having a small child in my life brought to the table .
The reminder to slow down and enjoy the small , seemingly insignificant moments of life .
The ones that I had previously tried to fast forward or multi-task my way through .
I once heard a friend ’s mom tell her kids before leaving on a long trip overseas , “ Wherever you are , there you are . ”
The sage words have stuck with me for years as they reveal a life philosophy which refuses to take a moment for granted .
How often do we talk to our friends while trying to check our e-mail on our iPhone , or let our minds think about the rest of the day ’s errands as a loved one tries to connect with us ?
Children live life much differently ; they take their time , fully engaging one task at a time , not too concerned with what lies ahead or behind .
Maybe we could learn a thing or two from them .
5 ) Living for someone else .
“ No man has ever risen to the real stature of spiritual manhood until he has found that it is finer to serve somebody else than it is to serve himself . ”
– Woodrow Wilson
Marriage is the first lesson most of us receive in learning to live for someone other than ourselves .
And just when we start to think we might have that lesson down , children shatter all our notions of self - righteousness .
Waking up at all hours of the night , changing diapers , feeding , cleaning … all these things are necessary parts of raising a healthy child , and they have been pivotal in forcing me to abandon some of my selfish habits .
My daughter could care less about my well - thought - out schedule or whether or not I have a flight early the next morning .
She continually challenges me to love her regardless of convenience .
I wrote previously that one of the greatest tests of manhood is whether or not one has learned to abandon their life in the service of another .
This idea makes some people ’s skin crawl , but thus far it ’s been one of the truest indicators of real manhood I ’ve been able to find .
It does n’t take much effort to be selfish .
In fact , it ’s one of the most natural ways for us to live .
Children plop into our lives as miniature insurgents , waging war with our lifestyle of “ me first . ”
My daughter has opened my eyes to the beautiful struggle parents face in giving their lives to their children .
It is n’t comfortable , and often times it flat out hurts , but it builds a depth of character that can only be understood by others who have traveled a similar path .
For years men have been raising daughters into young women .
It used to scare me , it still scares me , but I ’ll give my life away in pursuit of it any day .
Listen to our podcast on raising girls vs. boys :
Pex is a white - box test generation tool for .
NET .
Starting from a hand - written parameterized unit test , Pex analyzes the program - under - test to determine relevant test inputs fully automatically .
To this end , Pex executes the program multiple times with different inputs while monitoring the taken execution paths .
Pex uses a constraint solver to determine new test inputs that will exercise different execution paths .
As a side effect , Pex may find errors in the program .
The result is a traditional unit test suite with high code coverage .
In addition , Pex suggests to the programmer how to fix certain errors .
Pex is integrated into Microsoft Visual Studio .
Be nice : share this knowledge share
share
share
email
Even as U.S. troops surge to new highs in Afghanistan they are outnumbered by military contractors working alongside them , according to a Defense Department census due to be distributed to Congress -- illustrating how hard it is for the U.S. to wean itself from the large numbers of war - zone contractors that proved controversial in Iraq .
The ...
I am in receipt of an interesting email exchange between a Skeptoid listener who prefers to remain anonymous ( let ’s call him Gump in retaliation for his anonymity ) and a professor , Jim Corven in the Organic Agriculture program at Bristol Community College in Massachusetts .
Gump read on the school ’s web site the following :
Organic agriculture is one of the fastest growing segments of U.S. agriculture .
Its earth - friendly , resource - gentle approach to providing food and fiber attracts a generation who worries that the overuse of synthetics and agribusiness techniques deplete the earth ’s health and resources out of the world .
The sustainable farming movement uses fewer nonrenewable resources and in that way nurtures not only our bodies , but our earth .
All perfectly reasonable statements .
The doomsday scenarios described are indeed worries that some people have .
But the web page continues :
Learn the techniques and science behind the movement with the new Organic Agriculture Technician certificate at Bristol Community College .
The certificate is designed to prepare people to use ecological production techniques that minimize pollution and create a healthier , tastier product .
Whoa , horsey .
Healthier ?
Tastier ?
Obviously this is a tired old claim that organic proponents have been making for decades , but it ’s neither been evidenced nor is it plausible .
And where do they get “ minimize pollution ” ?
Gump began by emailing Professor Corven with a reasonable question , one that all too few people seem willing to ask :
I was reading the front page about organic farming .
I read the sentence about how organic farm produces tastier and healthier foods .
I am wondering how that comes to be .
Does organic farming alter the foods DNA in someway making the foods tastier or healthier in someway ?
Is there some test that can prove the foods are healthier ?
I find it disingenuous that organic farming is being promoted as something that is better than modern farming techniques which use less land to produce more food .
Professor Corven had a most un - professor - like reply :
I ’d like to suggest that you might like to study some scientific literature and read up on the issues of soils , agricultural productivity , and nutrition before making the kinds of erroneous comments contained in your email .
What are these “ erroneous comments ” he charges Gump with ?
I see nothing other than quite intelligent questions , except for the final sentence , in which he observes that modern agriculture produces more crops on less land .
This is , of course , the most obvious characteristic that distinguishes agricultural progress through the centuries .
If reading is n’t in your interest you might want to see the new movie Food , Inc .
We should have seen that coming .
May I rephrase ?
“ You challenged my dogma with questions , therefore you ’re too stupid to read , therefore you should watch my alarmist anti-science propaganda movie . ”
Of course , if you were only interested in venting your opinion and criticizing something that you obviously do n’t like or understand then you may not actually be interested in more objective information .
May I rephrase again ?
“ I invite you to take my class , it would be great to explore these questions together , and I think you ’d be fascinated at some of the progress that organics have made . ”
Oh wait , no , that ’s the wrong translation .
My mistake , sorry .
Professor Corven made no effort whatsoever to answer the student ’s questions .
But of course , he was under no obligation to reply to Gump at all .
( Gump is not in any of his classes . )
He made snide underhanded attacks against the student ’s integrity , intellectual honesty , knowledge level , and willingness to learn .
Maybe Jim Corven is a fine fellow , and this student ’s email came to him on a bad day .
I do n’t know .
But I do n’t think his email represents the best of Bristol Community College ’s efforts to enlighten and educate students in a positive atmosphere .
Jim , he asked you to explain what he does n’t understand .
I get it if you do n’t want to answer him ; no doubt there was an argumentative undercurrent .
Fine , delete it .
But why go on the defensive and fire back so much personal vitriol ?
Do you have the answers , or are the questions really so hard that personal attacks are easier to mount ?
Maybe Gump ( and agricultural science as a whole ) is completely wrong , and the past century of modern agriculture has indeed been a health and ecological catastrophe that simply has n’t shown its symptoms yet .
If this is Corven ’s contention , he is invited to enlighten us .
Until then , Gump ’s simple questions to the organic lobby remain thoroughly evaded .
Once the revered symbol of Thai culture , the backbone of industry and the protector of the country ’s sovereignty during war , elephants now wander the streets of Bangkok , reduced to providing rides for tourists and helping their owners beg for their next meal .
With their drivers — mahouts , they are called — the elephants dodge Bangkok ’s chaotic traffic and the feeble attempts of the government and the police to push them out of the city .
Many elephants were put out of work when logging became illegal in the 1980s , making it difficult for their owners to feed them .
Wild ones have been hunted and driven from their natural habitat .
It is estimated that there are now 2,500 domesticated and 1,500 wild elephants in Thailand , down from around 50,000 in 1950 .
Some of their owners bring them to Bangkok so they can afford to feed and care for the elephants , who are treated like family .
Other owners are more mercenary , keeping the beasts in squalid conditions and renting them to the highest bidder for tourist rides .
Pollution , traffic and noise make Bangkok inhospitable to elephants .
Their presence is a source of controversy .
Preservation and environmental organizations try to protect the elephants in a world where they have little utilitarian value .
Some groups promote elephant riding .
The Canadian photographer Brent Lewin , 29 , fell in love with elephants as a tourist in 2002 , when he rode one while visiting a remote area in the north of Thailand .
Before that , most of his interactions with large animals occurred at petting zoos .
Mr. Lewin , a contributing photographer at Redux Pictures , has been documenting the plight of Bangkok ’s elephants since 2007 .
Though he ’s only been photographing seriously for three years , he has made a series of elegant and elegiac images .
Pictures of elephants grace ancient temple walls and commercial billboards .
They are a dearly loved symbol that is part of Thailand ’s national narrative .
Mr. Lewin wants the country to preserve and protect these living symbols of its heritage and history .
“ In battle , the elephants helped protect Thailand from colonization , ” Mr. Lewin said .
“ But now Thailand has been penetrated by the forces of globalization . ”
“ They fail to recognize that the elephant has fallen from grace . ”
Only a few hours drive from the heart of the current health care debate in Washington DC I found thousands of people who are left out under the current system .
What I saw was something I would have expected to see in an undeveloped country : people so desperate for the most basic medical treatment that they slept in fields just to see a doctor .
The people I talked to throughout the day were almost all working people struggling to make it through these tough economic times with no other options to get basic medical treatment .
Many of those families would have much better access to medical help under the reform plans being debated in Congress .
But a close look at the most recent data indicates even the most sweeping proposals are likely to leave some of them outside the safety net .
About 50 million people in the United States are now uninsured , according to new figures from the Congressional Budget Office .
If an overhaul of the system is launched this year , as many as 17 million people would still be without health insurance by the end of the decade , according to preliminary analyses by the CBO .
For the full report check the rest of the story on Huffington Post here .
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
By Alan Quartly
Editor , BBC Moscow bureau
Against the early morning Atlantic sun , a bus pulls up on the tarmac at the airport of Cape Verde .
A group of weather - beaten , unshaven men are led in handcuffs through a line of camouflaged soldiers up the rear ramp of a large transport plane .
It is the beginning of a long and arduous journey for the eight alleged hijackers of the freighter Arctic Sea .
Russian state television showed this scene on its main evening news on Thursday evening in a report that looked like a scene from an action film .
Click here for a map charting reported sightings of the Arctic Sea
The report gave us a closer glimpse of the men who had allegedly been in command of the ship that had been missing for nearly a month .
But , if anything , what we saw and heard only added to the mystery .
With characteristic toughness , the Russian military made the alleged hijackers lie face down on the floor of the plane - apparently for the entirety of the journey to Russia .
They were bare - chested and their hands were cuffed behind their backs .
Some of them lay with their heads just millimetres from the boots of their colleagues .
' Private firm '
As ever , Russian television did not shy away from asking questions of people accused of crimes , but not yet convicted .
The report showed one alleged hijacker , apparently called Andrei Lunev , answering questions .
The suspects were detained by Russian officials off Africa 's coast " You called yourselves ecologists , which organisation do you belong to ? " he was asked .
" I do n't know , some kind of private firm , " replied a strained - looking Mr Lunev .
" We wanted to save ourselves from the storm , so we went on board [ the Arctic Sea ] on the night of 25 July .
When we got away from the storm , the captain would n't give us any petrol . "
The cameraman zoomed in on the colourful tattoos emblazoned on the backs of some of the men .
The implication for Russians is that these men are professional criminals - it is traditional for criminals in Russia to adorn their bodies with complex tattoos .
So we saw intricate pictures of skulls and a lion 's head .
Identifying the hijackers Mr Lunev denied that the group had any weapons .
Russia 's defence ministry says the group threw their weapons overboard when the vessel was finally located and halted by the Russian warship Ladny on 17 August .
The ship is reportedly heading for the Russian port of Novorossisk Moscow also says the hijackers demanded a ransom , threatening to blow the ship up if it was not paid .
Russian newspapers have sought to verify this .
Kommersant quoted Vladimir Dushin , vice - president of Renaissance Insurance , as saying the company was phoned by an English - speaking caller on 3 August , who demanded $ 1.5 m ( £ 910,000 ) or the crew of the Arctic Sea would be shot and the ship sunk .
All we know for sure is that once the Ilyushin transport plane landed at the Chakalovsky military airfield near Moscow on Thursday morning , the alleged hijackers were frog - marched off to waiting buses and delivered to the Lefortovo prison in the east of the Russian capital .
Various countries are now involved in indentifying the band of eight .
Russia 's official investigation department says its officials will be cooperating with other states .
Estonian police have apparently said the majority of the group are known to them as criminals , although there are questions about the exact citizenship of the men .
As for the 15 Russian crew members of the cargo ship , most of them too have found themselves spending the night in the same prison as the ship 's alleged assailants .
Officials insist the men will be released once they have been questioned fully .
Curtain of secrecy
However , representatives of the families of the crew have complained about being kept in the dark .
Apparently one of [ the suspects ] is suspected of links to the pirates who seized them
Alexander Krasnoshtan
Sailors ' union representative " We do n't understand the curtain of secrecy that 's not allowing us or the relatives to find out what 's happening with the sailors and how they are feeling , " Alexander Krasnoshtan , a sailors ' union representative , told the official Russian news agency Interfax .
He went on to say that , according to " rumours " , the men had been interrogated at a location belonging to the FSB ( Russia 's internal security service ) until 0100 .
" Apparently one of them is suspected of links to the pirates who seized them , " he said .
Authorities will not confirm that .
The ship itself - according to President Dmitry Medvedev 's spokeswoman - will now head for the Russian Black Sea port of Novorossiysk , with its captain and three crew members still on board .
The ship is actually registered in Malta .
Some analysts and journalists continue to speculate about the nature of the Arctic Sea 's cargo , suggesting - without as yet presenting any evidence - that it was carrying more than its stated batch of timber destined for Algeria .
But the reality is that , at this stage , nobody knows .
Click here to return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pattern is one of the useful visual elements for web design .
It is commonly use and seen in a website ’s background .
In this post , we will showcase a resource of High Quality Patterns of image files and pattern files for Photoshop and illustrator which you can use for free .
Here is 500 + Truly Useful Resources of Free High Quality Patterns .
( 29 patterns )
( 22 patterns )
( 28 patterns )
( 158 patterns )
( 10 patterns )
( 20 patterns )
( 8 patterns )
( 35 patterns )
( 29 patterns )
( 20 patterns )
( 12 patterns )
( 24 patterns )
( 19 patterns )
( 19 patterns )
( 10 patterns )
( 11 patterns )
( 15 patterns )
( 11 patterns )
( 19 patterns )
( 26 patterns )
( 20 patterns )
In his new book , Life Inc. , media ecologist and author Douglas Rushkoff tells the story of how the corporation has made us over into its own image , how we have altered our reality to serve its needs , and how we can take it back .
In this conversation , Douglas illuminates the Dark Ages , reveals why there 's a God on our money , and explains what we 're really buying into when we buy that mortgage .
We have the code to open - source everything , he says .
Time to go to work !
1. Vol Is Hungry , We Must Feed Vol
PN : The corporation is not a recent phenomenon ; it goes back hundreds of years .
What is the origin story of the corporation ?
Where did it come from , and what is it , exactly ?
DR : The corporation is the result of two innovations : the creation of centralized currency , and the creation of the chartered monopoly .
In the late 1300s the upper classes — the aristocrats , the people who had been feudal lords — were becoming less wealthy relative to real people .
As the merchant class and people in towns were producing and doing , the relative wealth of the aristocracy was going down , and this was a problem ; the aristocrats wanted to continue the system that had been working for them for the last 500 years wherein they did n't have to " do " anything to be rich .
So they hit upon the idea of passively investing in other people 's industries .
Suppose I am the monarch .
I want to make money through your shipping company ; how do I get you to let me invest ?
Well , I use what power I have as a monarch to write up a charter , which means I give you a monopoly in a certain area , and you give me 30 % of the shares in the company .
The chosen merchant avoids competition and gains protection from bankruptcy , while the king receives loyalty , because the merchants ' monopolies are based on keeping him in power .
He does n't mind if a * few of the merchant class are as rich as he is , as long as he is able to get still richer as a result .
But this was not the promotion of free - market capitalism .
It was the promotion of monopoly , non-market capitalism !
It was locking into place a set of players and a set of systems that had nothing to do with the free market .
And it changed the bias of these merchants away from innovation ; in other words , from " how do I innovate and maintain my competitive edge " to " how do I extract wealth from the realm that I now control ? "
Then they 're going to be very conservative because they 'll want to maintain what they have and not risk wrecking it .
Conservative in that sense , but rapacious in another .
Say I 'm now in charge of the Colonies .
What I want to do is extract their wealth ; I want to prevent the people who live in the Colonies from creating any value for themselves .
If the colonists are going to grow cotton , that 's fine , but they 're going to use MY seeds , my agricultural tools , they 're going to use everything from ME .
If you are a farmer you 're allowed to grow the cotton but you have to sell it to ME at my prices .
You 're not allowed to make fabric out of that cotton !
Fabricating is creating value .
And then you 're going to — what ?
You 're going to make it into clothes ?
Those are clothes you could have bought from me !
No , no , no , you must give all the cotton to me , I 'll put it on my ship and bring it back to England , then the king 's other chartered monopoly , the clothes manufacturer , will make it into clothes , and then I 'll ship them back and sell them to you — at a profit .
So it 's all export crops ?
Right .
And anything else I will shoot you for .
And they did !
And they DID .
2. Single - handedly Rehabilitating the Middle Ages
So for about three centuries , the middle and merchant classes were doing really well .
Towns that had been in shambles since the fall of the Roman Empire and had lived under strict feudalism were finally coming into their own .
This all hinged on the use of local currencies — grain receipts — through which people transacted .
They were what we would now call " demurrage " currencies that were earned into existence .
Towns ended up creating more value than they knew what to do with !
They started investing in their infrastructure and their windmills and their water wheels ; and also in their future in the form of cathedrals and other tourist attractions .
Are you saying these towns funded the cathedrals themselves ?
They did n't get money from Rome ?
They did not .
The Vatican and central Rome did NOT build the cathedrals .
The funds came from local currency , which was very different than money as we use it now .
It was based on grain , which lost value over time .
The grain would slowly rot or get eaten by rats or cost money to store , so the money needed to be spent as quickly as possible before it became devalued .
And when people spend and spend and spend a lot of money , you end up with an economy that grows very quickly .
Now unlike a capitalist economy where money is hoarded , with local currency , money is moving .
The same dollar can end up being the salary for three people rather than just one .
There was so much money circulating that they had to figure out what to do with it , how to reinvest it .
Saving money was not an option , you could n't just stick it in the bank and have it grow because it would not grow there , it would shrink .
So they paid the workers really well and they shortened the work week to four and in some cases three days per week .
And they invested in the future by way of infrastructure — they started to build cathedrals .
They could n't build them all at once , but they took the long view — with three generations of investment they could build an entire cathedral , and their great - grandchildren could live in a rich town !
That 's how the great cathedrals were built , like Chartres .
Some historians actually term the late Middle Ages " The Age of Cathedrals . "
They were the best - fed people in the history of Europe ; women in England were taller than they are today , and men were taller than they have been at any point in time until the 1970s or 80s ( with the recent growth spurt largely the result of hormones in the food supply ) .
Life expectancy of course was still lower ; they lacked modern medicine , but people were actually healthier and stronger and better back then , in ways that we do n't admit .
That was right before the corporation and the original chartered monopolies were created , before central currency was created and local currencies were outlawed .
When everything gets moved into the center , things began to change .
It seems like the Dark Ages were not perhaps so " dark ? "
Yes , I think that 's disinformation .
I 'm not usually a conspiracy theorist about these things , but I think the reason why we celebrate the Renaissance as a high point of western culture is really a marketing campaign .
It was a way for Renaissance monarchs and nation - states , and the industrial age powers that followed , to recast the end of one of the most vibrant human civilizations we 've had , as a dark , plague - ridden , horrible time .
Historically , the plague arrived after the invention of the chartered corporation , and after central currency was mandated .
Central currency became law , and 40 years later you get the plague .
People got that poor that quickly .
They were no longer allowed to use the land .
It shifted from an abundance model to a scarcity model ; from an economy based on annual grain production to one based on gold released by the king .
That 's a totally different way of understanding money .
Land was no longer a thing the peasants could grow stuff on , land became an investment , land became an asset class for the wealthy .
Once it became an asset class they started Partitioning and Enclosure , which meant people were n't allowed to grow stuff on it , so subsistence farming was no longer a viable lifestyle .
If you can't do subsistence farming you must find a job , so then you go into the city and volunteer to do unskilled labor in a proto - factory for some guy who wants the least - skilled , cheapest labor possible .
You move your whole family to where the work is , into the squalor , where conditions are overcrowded and impoverished — the perfect breeding ground for plague and death !
3. There Is A God , And He's On All The Money
The money that the king was releasing , what was that based on ?
The other currency was based on grain , it 's a direct relationship to how much grain there is , and as the grain degrades , the currency degrades . . .
The king 's currency ?
It was actually not even gold : king 's currency was based in the king 's imprimatur .
It was coin of the realm because his face was stamped on it .
That 's kind of abstract .
It is .
And because people do n't believe in that abstraction , because they 're used to grain receipts being based in something real , precious metal was required for the king 's currency — silver , gold ; they had to use something that was considered valuable so people would believe !
Fast - forward to the 1970s .
After four or five centuries of people believing it , Nixon realized that people now DO believe , so the currency can be taken off the central metal and just be based on belief .
That 's when they started putting " In God We Trust " on paper money , when it was taken off the gold standard !
That had n't always been on there ?
No , it was on coins , but it was n't on bills .
Because finally , belief is all that 's left .
4. Let 's All Be Independent Together
How does idea of the individual fit into these other developments ?
Corporatism , with its promotion of competition between individuals over scarce resources and money , laid the ground for individualism and for a heightened concept of the self .
I 'm a media ecologist , I look at media and society as an ecology in which changes in one area reflect changes in another .
The notion of the individual was invented , re-invented , in the Renaissance .
This is part of why it was a re-naissance , a re-birth of old ideas , the rebirth of Greek ideals .
The the Greek notion of the individual , which was always " the individual in relationship to the state , " the citizen , was recast as " the individual . "
The first individual in Renaissance literature was Dr. Faustus , who represented the extreme limits of greed .
This was the new man , not a citizen of the city - state but an individual who has his own perspective on the world .
We get perspective painting in the Renaissance , which meant the individual was a self - sufficient being whose point of view is important ; we get reading in the Renaissance , which meant that a man can sit alone in his study and have his own relationship to the Bible , instead of gathering in the town square or the church , having the Bible read to him by a priest , as part of a congregation .
So on the one hand it was this beautiful celebration of individual consciousness and perspective , but on the other it was all in the context of a new economy , one in which individuals were in competition against one another for scarce jobs , scarce resources , scarce land , and scarce money .
Everyone is going to ask , but what about the artists ?
So : what about the artists ?
Historians say that one of the great things about the Renaissance were the patrons who could patronize a great artist .
But before the Renaissance you did n't need a " patron " in order to be an artist !
You could actually live in a town and do some stuff and be a great artist .
The Renaissance model of commerce and arts was not a pre-existing condition of the universe .
Yes , the Vatican could commission some basilica to be painted , but . . .
I 'd be interested to see what Leonardo da Vinci or Michelangelo would have been like had they not been part of a centralized bureaucracy , but instead been independent little homespun artist guys .
They might have been better artists , you never know .
So now we have individuals and corporations as we know them .
The king 's currency , centralized currency , is monopoly currency ; demurrage currencies were declared illegal by the king .
Why ?
First , centralized currency is easier to tax .
Second , the king could remove gold from the currency whenever he wanted , he could basically suck the value out of it at will .
And finally , because this is a currency based in scarcity , everyone has to compete for it .
It 's a way to help people who have money be powerful just for having money — not because of what they can spend , but because of what they can hold .
So money becomes a resource .
It becomes a resource in itself .
Actually it 's a resource once - removed , literally a derivative , the first derivative .
Centralizing turns money from a representation of something real into a derivative asset class .
We live in this derivatives - based economy today , it has trickled down to us in the form of central banking .
Now most people believe that the way to fuel an economy is for a bank to inject money , and the way to start a business is by borrowing from the bank .
The way that money comes into existence is it is literally lent into existence .
But for every dollar that is lent into existence , for every dollar you earn , there 's a negative on the balance sheet somewhere .
So there 's debt right at the beginning ?
It IS debt , the money we have IS debt .
Here 's how it works .
You start a business by borrowing $ 100 K from the bank .
This means that you 're going to have to pay back say , $ 200 K or $ 300 K to the bank in 10 years when your loan is up .
Where does the other $ 200 K come from ?
It comes from someone else who 's borrowed $ 100 K from the bank !
And where are they going to get that ?
Either they go bankrupt , because they can't pay it back , or they borrow another $ 200 K from the bank .
And then that has to be paid back , plus interest .
So now they 've borrowed $ 300 K total and might have $ 900 K to pay back .
The money supply has to grow as a function of interest .
The rate at which we do business and make profit is actually driven and determined by the debt structure of the company rather than supply and demand .
This is what Adam Smith was actually talking about .
Adam Smith was NOT a free market libertarian , he was not a corporate industrialist the way the Economist or the Wall Street Journal likes to paint him .
Smith said that economies only work in scale , they only work locally .
He was living in a world where everyone was a farmer , and he hated corporations as much as he hated central government , because he knew that an interest - based economy does not ultimately work .
And that is because debt is not actually a product !
There 's nothing there .
Nothing .
Yet that 's what it was made for .
The debt - based economy was invented so that people with money could get richer by having money , that 's what it 's FOR .
I 'm not saying it 's evil , it was an idea .
But , it does n't actually work .
If the number of people who want to make money by having money gets so big that there are more people existing that way than actually producing anything , eventually the economy will collapse .
It sounds like a big Ponzi scheme .
It IS a Ponzi scheme !
None of the companies we 're looking at as companies are what they are , they 're all just the names on debt .
GM is a name on debt , Sony 's a name on debt .
The New York Times . . .
. . . is a name on debt .
They 're all publically - listed , traded companies with these P/E ratios ; there are the issued shares , and then there 's the actual business : those two things are n't the same .
The shares are actually more a drag on the system than they are an investment in the company .
There 's all this debt to pay back .
5. Corporations R Us
Debt has an emotional component as well , in the sense of , you 're going to owe me , and you 're going to owe me forever .
So , better get busy !
Slowly over time , as corporations attempted to extract more and more value from people , both as workers and as consumers and ultimately as shareholders and investors in our own 401 k plans , we all basically outsourced our lives .
I outsource my job to a company .
I outsource my consumption to a company , I go to Wal - Mart , I go to Costco .
I outsource my investing and savings to companies , I give it to Citibank , instead of the local banker or my credit union or my restaurant or my children or my cathedral .
All of our interactions have been mediated by corporations — you do n't work for me and I do n't work for you .
Let 's talk about different kinds of value .
Right now we have money , we measure everything by the little green metric .
But there are other kinds , we all know that , there are personal relationships , there are other ways of measuring value . . .
We have different ways of experiencing value , but it 's really hard to measure those .
I feel that in the current environment , what people could or should be valuing makes them nervous , makes them anxious .
What kind of stuff ?
Sitting with a friend . . .
OK , I 'll sit with a friend as long as I have my Paxil or something , because it 's almost like we 've been acculturated to be desocialized .
We have been !
I can spend time with you because we 're doing work , right ?
Right , it 's productive .
Productive — and we can measure it on the tape !
Is it still turning ? [ yes ]
You 're saying money is not value - neutral .
Not only is money not value - neutral , but our money is not money - neutral .
Our currency is not the only money .
There are other kinds of money , just like there are different kinds of media out there , and they all encourage different behaviors .
Computers encourage certain kinds of behavior , television encourages certain kinds of behavior .
A gold - based money encourages certain kinds of behavior , a centralized currency encourages certain kinds of behavior , and a demurrage local grain - based currency encourages certain other kinds of behavior .
The kind of behavior that our money encourages , intentionally , by design , is : hoarding .
This is currency that earns interest over time so you want to hoard it and not spend it .
And that 's OK if you need that tool .
But maybe that should n't be the only thing in the toolbox .
It 's like we only have a hammer and it's really hard to put in screws .
Centralized currency is really , really good for competition , it 's really , really good for big companies .
Wal - Mart and Citibank can get money more cheaply ; the bigger you are , the closer you are to the storehouse .
And the big guys do n't want local currencies , they do n't want bottom - up value creation , work - based money , money that is worked into existence instead of borrowed into existence , because that reduces their monopoly over the means of exchange .
The problem with defining ourselves by our jobs or socialism or by economic class is that we 're not just our economics , we 're not just our money .
Right , I create value , but the value I create for my community is not just say , as a baker .
It 's not just as a tailor .
It 's also as the guy who brings those funny jokes to the party , the guy who has that beautiful daughter . . .
And it 's not just ONE thing and it's not measurable in just one way .
6. Home Sweet Home Depot
From the 1920s to the 1970s an iconography was developed that turned corporations into our heroes .
Instead of me buying stuff from people I know , I actually trust the Quaker Oat Man more than you .
This is the result of public relations campaigns , and the development of public relations as a profession .
Did the rise of PR just happen , or did they have to do that in order to prevent things from getting out of control ?
They had to do that in order to prevent things from getting out of control .
The significant points in the development of public relations were all at crisis moments .
For example , labor movements ; it 's not just that labor was revolting but that people were seeing that labor was revolting .
There was a need to re-fashion the stories so that people would think that labor activists were bad scary people , so that people would think they should move to the suburbs and insulate themselves from these throngs of laborers , from " the masses . "
Or to return to the Quaker Oats example , people used to look at long - distance - shipped factory products with distrust .
Here 's a plain brown box , it 's being shipped from far away , why am I supposed to buy this instead of something from a person I 've known all my life ?
A mass media is necessary to make you distrust your neighbor and transfer your trust to an abstract entity , the corporation , and believe it will usher in a better tomorrow and all that .
It got the most crafty after WWII when all the soldiers were coming home .
FDR was in cahoots with the PR people .
Traumatized vets were coming back from WWII , and everyone knew these guys were freaked out and fucked up .
We had enough psychology and psychiatry by then to know that these guys were badly off , they knew how to use weapons , and — this was bad !
If the vets came back into the same labor movement that they left before WWII , it would have been all over .
So the idea was that we should provide houses for these guys , make them feel good , and we get the creation of Levittown and other carefully planned developments designed with psychologists and social scientists .
Let 's put these vets in a house , let 's celebrate the nuclear family .
So home becomes a thing , rather than a series of relationships ?
The definition of home as people use the word now means " my house , " rather than what it had been previously , which was " where I 'm from . ' "
My home 's New York , what 's your home ?
Right , your town .
Where are you from ?
Not that " structure . "
But they had to redefine home , and they used a lot of government money to do it .
They created houses in neighborhoods specifically designed to isolate people from one another , and prevent men in particular from congregating and organizing — there are no social halls , no beer halls in these developments .
They wanted men to be busy with their front lawns , with three fruit trees in every garden , with home fix - it - up projects ; for the women , the kitchen will be in the back where they can see the kids playing in the back yard .
So you do n't see the neighbors going by .
No front porch .
Everything 's got to be individual , this was all planned !
Any man that has a mortgage to pay is not going to be a revolutionary .
With that amount to pay back , he 's got a stake in the system .
True , he's on the short end of the stick of the interest economy , but in 30 years he could own his own home .
7. Freedom Is n't Free
Let 's talk about technology .
In terms of administering a shared goods - and - services system , the internet might be a good match .
But it also seems that the internet , and machines and technology in general , can stand in place of actual relationships , and can be a stumbling block .
How do you negotiate between those ideas ?
The word that describes digital for me is discrete .
For example , take sounds .
With an actual sound , no matter how hard we zoom in , it 's still a real thing .
There 's still more fidelity , more information to be found .
If I scan or sample it , I 've now translated that sound in the real world into a number .
Something that was an event , in nature , in the world , is now a number .
It 's a derivative of reality .
That number encapsulates as many metrics and as much information about the sound as I 'm capable of including , and I can then make copies of the number and manipulate them .
So there 's greater choice in that way .
But the only things the number can reproduce about that sound are the things I 've told it to reproduce .
It only knows what it 's supposed to measure .
The reproduction process also involves a sampling rate , which necessarily leaves stuff out .
Even if the sampling rate is so good , so super - mp3 , that it 's beyond my conscious hearing , there is still space between the samples .
Just like a fluorescent light ; there 's space between the flashes .
Now the question is , for all intents and purposes , is it the same , or not ?
I would argue that for many intents and purposes , it is the same , but for ALL intents and purposes , it is NOT .
It is a re-creation of a thing , and an approximation , and without even getting spiritual and talking about prana and chi and everything else , there IS a difference .
In high school when I needed to do a research project , I would go to the library to find a book .
I could n't help but see the 20 other books on the shelf nearby , I had to read 20 spines before I found mine .
And in reading those 20 spines I would see stuff I would n't have found otherwise , and I might get ideas for my paper randomly — not by predetermined choice !
I would see them by virtue of the fact that some librarian who was alive before me made a decision , by virtue of legacies and input and real life messiness .
Whereas when I 'm in the digital realm and I know the book I want , I type it into Google , and it 's there .
And nothing else .
This discrete freedom of choice sounds like a very controlled environment .
I wonder how much real freedom that is ?
Right , what are my range of choices ?
And who 's giving me that range ?
People are utterly unaware of that .
So when I look at technology I say well great , people have the ability to write online , but they do n't , most of them , have the ability to program .
In other words we can enter our text into the little blog box , but we are n't thinking about the biases built into a daily blog structure , which are towards short , daily thoughts , not introspective . . .
Or look at online communities .
I 'm going to become friends with another person who owns a 2004 red Mini with a sunroof , like mine , rather than with my neighbor who happens to have a different car ; I 'm going to look for that perfect affinity .
But that 's not a real relationship , that 's my digital relationship , which is discrete !
Discrete communities end up groping towards conformity of behavior really quickly .
That 's why it 's a consumer paradise , because it really does celebrate the idea of increasingly granular affinity groups , increasingly granular product choices .
8. The Derivative Life , An ( Un ) Reality Show
An over - arching theme I found in the book is how the common - sense stuff of our reality , the economy and money and shopping and working , is really science fiction ; we do n't live inside a " natural " economic structure — we made it up .
It gets very much like Baudrillard in a way .
We lived in a real world where we created value , and understood the value that we created as individuals and groups for one another .
Then we systematically disconnected from the real world : from ourselves , from one another , and from the value we create , and reconnected to an artificial landscape of derivative value of working for corporations and false gods and all that .
It is in some sense Baudrillard 's three steps of life in the simulacra .
So by now , as Borges would say , we 've mistaken the map for the territory .
We 've mistaken our jobs for work .
We 've mistaken our bank accounts for savings .
We 've mistaken our 401k investments for our future .
We 've mistaken our property for assets , and our assets for the world .
We have these places where we live , then they become property that we own , then they become mortgages that we owe , then they become mortgage - backed loans that our pensions finance , then they become packages of debt , and so on and so on .
We 've been living in a world where the further up the chain of abstraction you operate , the wealthier you are .
9 . The Way Out
So since this is a system we created , we can create something else ?
Right , that 's what open - source was supposed to be about .
I believe that every realm of human experience and design is ultimately open - source if we choose for it to be .
That 's why I got interested in religion and money , because those seemed to be the two areas that people would not accept an open - source premise .
Religion — of course it is n't , those are sacred truths !
But I would argue that Judaism was actually intended as an open - source religion .
I 've written a book about that , called Nothing Sacred , which was and still is controversial .
Because if the Torah is open for interpretation , if it's this beautiful , myriad , hypertextual , hyperdimensional document that it is , then the whole thing is up for grabs : what happens to the real estate , the Israeli state ?
Money of course is the other big area , it 's still the one thing they wo n't let you print .
You 've seen the dual currency idea from the Middle Ages coming back in certain places ?
We 've seen it coming back for 10 or 20 years now in places like Ithaca , New York , and Portland , Oregon ; little places with alternative communities and hippies and weirdos and Grateful Dead parking lots and things like that .
They could try local currency because people were weird enough to go for it .
More recently , after the economic downturn in Japan , dual currencies started to take hold in the non-" alternative " community .
Everyone had time , but no one had money .
Everyone was willing to work , but there were no companies they could work for .
And since the only way we know how to work is to outsource our employment to a company , things looked bad .
One of the main needs people had was getting health care to their grandparents and great - grandparents who lived in towns far away .
No one could afford home health care for them — people to bathe them , walk them around , give them their shots , their IVs , their bedpans .
So if you can't afford the service what can you do ?
What they did was set up a non-local complementary currency system where you would volunteer a certain number of hours of work to take care of an old person where you lived .
You would acquire credits , and then someone who lived near your grandparents would take care of them for the credits you paid .
There was no money involved !
The currency was literally worked into existence .
Even after the economy improved and people got their health insurance back , old people preferred the health care workers who were coming from the real people rather than the ones that came from the companies .
Now it 's starting to hit places in the US where things are especially bad — Detroit , Lansing , Cleveland — these are towns that have resources in people , land , old factories .
They have time , they have energy , but they do n't have money and they do n't have any corporate interest .
So what can they do ?
Make a local currency , start doing things for each other .
I 'll fix your car , and you do something for me .
And it 's easy !
When I talk to economists , or when I talk to bankers , they all say , " well that does n't work , you need a bank to go in and invest in a community for it to happen . "
Actually — you do n't .
You do n't need the bank .
Promoting bank - lent businesses is basically saying that you do n't believe in sustainable business models yet .
Any business that started with the bank is not a sustainable business model , because it 's already in the debt / interest track .
This is where Obama is still confused .
He should say , " Look , I realize the economic crisis is real , there are mortgages and loans and we 're going to work on that .
But the more important thing right now is , rather than spending $ 5 trillion of your great - grandchildren 's money on these bankers that screwed up , let 's see how can we spend a teeny bit of money and reeducate communities about real economic development and sustainability . "
To order the book , see when Douglas Rushkoff might be speaking in your area , and access videos , podcasts , and tons of other stuff , check the Life Inc. website .
Peggy Nelson is a new media artist and writer .
Her work has appeared in Litkicks , Hilobrow.com , The Brattle Theater 's Film Blog , and OtherZine , a journal about experimental , avant - garde , and outsider cinema .
Image by Steve Wampler , courtesy of Creative Commons license .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
While hundreds of thousands of disability claims lay backlogged at the Department of Veterans Affairs , thousands of technology employees at the department received $ 24 million in bonuses , a new report says .
Lawmakers want to know why some IT workers in the VA Department have received millions in bonuses .
A report issued by the VA 's Office of Inspector General said the department issued millions of dollars in awards over a two - year period in 2007 and 2008 .
" The frequent and large dollar amount awards given to employees were unusual and often absurd , " the report stated .
The reports also called the payments " not fiscally responsible . "
Four high - level employees received about $ 60,000 , $ 73,000 , $ 58,000 , and $ 59,000 , respectively , according to the report , without sufficient justification .
Another employee received a $ 4,500 performance award within the first 90 days of her employment from a manager who said that she did not even remember her .
The annual average award per employee was about $ 2,500 for both years , according to the report .
About 4,700 awards and bonuses were issued in 2007 , and about 5,000 in 2008 .
The inspector general said one recently retired official , Jennifer S. Duncan , improperly approved numerous bonuses and " acted as if she was given a blank checkbook to write unlimited monetary awards . "
During the two years in question , Duncan received over $ 60,000 in bonuses , according to the report .
In addition , the report concluded that the Office of Information and Technology managers were fiscally irresponsible when authorizing nearly $ 140,000 in improper academic degree funding , some of which went to Duncan 's family and friends .
The inspector general recommended the money be repaid .
The VA said it is pursuing a thorough review of the situation and it " does not condone misconduct by its employees and will take the appropriate corrective actions for those who violate VA policy , " according to a statement provided to CNN .
Duncan could not be reached for comment .
Lawmakers in Washington have taken notice .
" I am extremely troubled by the Inspector General 's findings , " said Richard Burr , R- NC , the ranking Republican on the Senate Veterans ' Affairs Committee .
" I believe Congress should use its oversight authority to further investigate these matters , " he said in an e-mail to CNN .
President Obama has told Congress it is a priority to reduce the number of backlogged claims at the VA , where claims are coming in at a faster rate than they can be processed .
According to a Government Accountability Office report , the VA processed 60 percent more claims from 1999 to 2008 than it did a decade earlier , but the number of claims still pending jumped 65 percent .
All About U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs
In what may turn out to be the cruelest irony of the year , the death of Senator Edward Kennedy may have papered over a CNN video clip poised to change the dynamic of the national healthcare debate : footage of a desperate woman crying “ We need help ! ” because she lost health insurance after her husband suffered a brain injury .
Introduced by CNN ’s Rick Sanchez on August 25 — just a few hours before Kennedy ’s death from brain cancer was announced — the video shows a middle - aged woman at a town hall meeting explaining to Senator Tom Coburn ( R - OK ) how her husband ’s insurance was canceled while in a nursing home .
“ Senator Coburn , ” the woman cries out in anguish , “ We need help ! ”
She then tries to explain over her own tears how her husband cannot even eat or drink properly as a result of not having coverage to pay for care .
Coburn ’s reaction to the pleas for help is what makes the clip so arresting .
At first , Coburn assures her that his office will get her some assistance , but then he hedges .
Rather than approaching the woman to comfort her , Coburn tells the town hall attendees to remember that neighbors must help other neighbors , and concludes , ” The idea that the government is the solution to our problems is an inaccurate — a very inaccurate statement . ”
In reply to the desperate plea for help from a constituent , Coburn serves up a cold spoonful of Republican ideology .
The clip is the most emotionally raw and devastating media moment of the entire healthcare debate so far .
Here is an ordinary American , unguarded , showing the world what it feels like to be deprived of private health insurance at the very time when she needs it most .
In an instant , every cry of “ tyranny ” and “ socialism ” in previous town hall footage seems insignificant , as does every circumlocution about “ quality ” and “ affordability ” by President Obama .
The story captured in the CNN clip is so fundamental , so understandable , so penetrating that it will likely tip the balance of the news coverage in favor of reform from this point forward .
Were it not for the story of Kennedy ’s death sweeping the headlines , millions of Americans by now would have seen the Oklahoma woman pleading to Coburn and heard the Senator ’s cold response .
Those tears would have changed hearts and minds in the healthcare debate .
Sanchez , to his credit , set up the short clip precisely to show the contrast between the cry for help from an American and the ideological deflection of a Senator .
It is a stunning moment of political engagement .
In the long struggle to cover the healthcare debate , cable news has been caught by its own choice to consider even the most outlandish claims offered at the town halls .
But up to this point , the networks have not shown what many believe is the most critical side of the healthcare reform story : the fear tens of millions of Americans experience when they are stripped of or denied health insurance at the most desperate moments of their lives .
Now CNN has shown this exact dynamic .
While the death of Edward Kennedy , along time advocate for national healthcare reform , wraps the debate in a new symbolism , the CNN clip of the Oklahoma town hall hits at the emotional core of the call for reform .
The moral argument underpinning the healthcare debate should , as a result of the CNN clip , shift from one of “ government threatening individual liberty ” to one of “ Americans in need of help to get the care they need . ”
But with so much media attention now focused on the implications Kennedy ’s death holds for the healthcare debate , the lone pleas for “ help ! ” from a woman in Oklahoma may wither and fade .
A cruel irony indeed .
Amidst all the talk of paying tribute to Senator Kennedy , perhaps now is the time for CNN to bring this powerful clip back into the headlines .
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
Fundraising to send a lucky unemployed redditor on a one month trip meeting redditors .
Bei einer Säbelsäge wird das Sägeblatt nach vorne und zurück bewegt , wodurch es zu der sägenden Bewegung der Säbelsäge kommt .
Die Bewegung wird durch einen Motor initiiert , der über eine Getriebetechnik einen Exzenter antreibt .
Dadurch wird eine Pleuelstange bewegt , die dann die Drehung des Motors wieder in eine gerade Bewegung umsetzt , die dann eine sägende Bewegung ist .
Wer mit einer Säbelsäge arbeiten möchte , der muss das Gerät nur an das Material halten , das gesägt werden soll .
Es fallen hier also die Bewegungen nach vorne und wieder zurück weg , da dies die Säge selber übernimmt .
Die ergonomische Gestaltung des Griffes ist maßgeblich dafür , wie handlich eine Säge ist .
Wichtig ist , dass sich der Griff einer Säbelsäge gut in der Hand halten lässt .
Für einen sicheren und festen Griff sind Gummiauflagen am Griff zu empfehlen .
Mit diesen Auflagen kann die Säbelsäge gut in der Hand liegen , was zu einem angenehmen und sicheren Arbeiten führt .
Je nach Material sollte das passende Sägeblatt gewählt werden , um einen guten Schnitt zu ermöglichen .
Es gibt Sägeblätter speziell für jedes Material , die alle verschiedene Eigenschaften haben .
Der Motor bestimmt die Leistung .
Umso größer die Motorleistung , die Nennleistung , ist je stärker kann die Säbelsäge auch arbeiten und belastet werden .
Handelt es sich um eine elektrische Säbelsäge , dann sollte die Leistung mindestens 700 Watt betragen .
Die Sägen von Almipex weisen eine Leistung von 800 Watt auf und die größeren Modelle sogar 1200 Watt .
Außer der Leistungsaufnahme ist aber auch noch die Anzahl der Hübe zu berücksichtigen .
Dabei handelt es sich um den
Wert , der besagt , wie oft das Sägeblatt in der Minute bewegt wird und die sägende Bewegung ausführt .
Die Angabe dieses Wertes erfolgt in U/min , also in Umdrehungen pro Minute , was etwas widersprüchlich erscheint , da ja keine Drehbewegung ausgeführt wird .
Umso höher die Hubzahl , desto schneller wird ein Schnitt erledigt , was demnach auf einen leistungsfähigen Motor hinweist .
Wichtig sind ebenfalls Hubhöhe und Hublänge .
Durch diesen
Wert wird angegeben , wie der Umfang ist , in dem sich das Sägeblatt bewegt .
Üblich ist ein Hub von 25 bis 28 mm bei einer Säbelsäge .
Außerdem ist noch auf die Schnittstärken zu achten .
Hier erfährt man , wie dick ein Brett sein darf und was die Säbelsäge scheiden kann .
Für einen geraden Schnitt gibt es spezielle Führungsvorrichtungen .
Über die SDS Sägeblattaufnahme wird der Wechsel von Sägeblättern erleichtert , der ohne zusätzliches Werkzeug möglich ist .
Außerdem ist eine stufenlos verstellbare Geschwindigkeitsregelung sehr zu empfehlen .
Das Gewicht sollte auch immer berücksichtigt werden .
Gerade bei längeren Arbeiten sollte die Säbelsäge nicht zu schwer sein .
Vor allem wenn eher ungeübte Personen mit der Säge umgehen , kommt es bei hohem Gewicht sehr schnell zu Ermüdungen .
Allerdings bedeutet ein geringeres Gewicht auch eine geringere Leistung .
Daher muss immer abgewogen werden , wofür eine Säbelsäge gebraucht wird .
Bereits vor dem Kauf sollte daher klar sein , welches Einsatzgebiet die Säbelsäge haben wird .
Nur dann kann man abschätzen , ob flexibles und bequemes Arbeiten wichtiger sind als eine hohe Leistungsfähigkeit .
Immer sollte die Leistung möglichst hoch sein und das auch bei einem eher geringen Gewicht .
Säbelsägen von Bosch wiegen bei 800 Watt 2,5 kg und bei 1200 Watt 3,6 kg .
Dies sind Gewichte , die noch gut zu handhaben sind und nicht schnell ermüden .
Praktisch ist der drehbare Handgriff bei dem 1200 Watt Modell .
Dieser Griff kann in 5 Positionen um je 45° gedreht werden .
Dadurch wird das Arbeiten mit dieser Säbelsäge noch komfortabler .
Häufig werden Säbelsägen auf Baustellen oder im Garten genutzt , daher sollte darauf geachtet werden , ob die elektrische Variante auch einen ausreichenden Schutz gegen Feuchtigkeit und Staub hat .
Das ist wichtig , denn elektrischer Strom und Feuchtigkeit sind nicht verträglich .
Genauso wichtig ist der Staubschutz , denn je nach Material kann es zu starker Staubentwicklung kommen .
Gelangt dieser Staub in das Innere der Säge , dann kann dies zum Defekt führen .
Wenn auch stärkere Materialien gesägt werden sollen , dann ist es wichtig , dass die Säbelsäge eine möglichst große Hublänge hat .
Die zwei Säbelsägen von Almipex haben einen Hub von 20 und von 28 mm .
Dadurch können mit diesen Sägen Hölzer in den Schnittstärken von 115 mm bis 150 mm und von Stahl von jeweils 10 mm gesägt werden .
Wer häufig an schwierigen und engen Stellen arbeiten , der sollte darauf achten , ob der Sägekopf verstellbar ist .
Zum Verstellen ist jedoch ein Werkzeug nötig , nämlich ein Innensechskantschlüssel .
Dieser ist im Lieferumgang der Almipex Säbelsägen bereits enthalten und dient dazu , um damit die robuste Auflageplatte mit der verstellbaren Tiefe und Neigung anzupassen .
Das Führen einer Säbelsäge ist besonders einfach , wenn die Geschwindigkeitsregelung stufenlos einstellbar ist .
Wenn also nicht nur ein wenig im Garten gearbeitet werden soll , dann ist dies sehr hilfreich .
…
Yesterday , a gunman went into an LA Fitness gym in Pittsburgh and ended up killing three women and injuring many more before turning the gun on himself .
The man had a grudge against women .
He was lonely .
He was likely crazy .
Was there anything more to it ?
It turns out George Sodini left us with many blog postings .
I ’m not blaming Christianity for the shooting , so bear with me for a moment .
But read what he wrote ( emphases his ) :
December 31 , 2008 : Now that I am on the topic of family and people I know , I might as well make a summary of sorts to show where things stand .
This is New Years
Eve I have time , no date tonight of course , so : Honorable mention : Tetelestai Church in Pittsburgh , PA – “ Be Ye Holy , even as I have been
Ye holy !
Thus saith the lord thy God ! ” , as pastor Rick Knapp would proclaim .
Holy —- , religion is a waste .
But this guy teaches ( and convinced me ) you can commit mass murder then still go to heaven .
Ask him .
Call him at [ phone number ] .
If no answer there , he should still live at [ address ] .
In any case , guilt and fear kept me there 13 long years until Nov 2006 .
I think his crap did the most damage .
Their web site : http://www.tetelestai.org. … August 3 , 2009 : … Maybe soon , I will see God and Jesus .
At least that is what I was told .
Eternal life does NOT depend on works .
If it did , we will all be in hell .
Christ paid for EVERY sin , so how can I or you be judged BY GOD for a sin when the penalty was ALREADY paid .
People judge but that does not matter .
I was reading the Bible and The Integrity of God beginning yesterday , because soon I will see them .
Obviously , no church or pastor was telling him to kill anyone .
Did religion cause him to do this ?
No .
Did it prevent it ?
No .
Religion provided a rationalization for Sodini to commit his crime .
He may have done it for other reasons , but he felt justified because of what he learned ( and misinterpreted ) in church .
The news coverage I ’ve seen about this does n’t focus much on his faith .
That ’s not very surprising .
They ’d be under attack if they tried to link this to Christianity .
I can also empathize with religious people who do n’t want to see religion blamed for this .
They see religion as irrelevant in this matter .
But I do wonder what their response would be if Sodini ’s blog said this instead :
August 3 , 2009 : Soon , it will be over .
At least that is what I was told .
Life does n’t matter because we ’re all accidents .
That ’s what the atheist said .
There is no Heaven or Hell and what I do in this life does n’t matter .
We ’re all on a pale blue dot in this universe and our actions will all be forgotten about in a few years , anyway .
Hitler and Mother Teresa are both in the same place right now and soon I will join them .
How can I or you be judged BY GOD for a sin when God does n’t even exist ?
I was reading the Bible yesterday just to see once again how ridiculous it is .
Would his writings be irrelevant then ?
What would you be seeing in FOX News ?
Would church leaders be saying that atheism did n’t play a role in this crime ?
I doubt it .
If George Sodini were an atheist , that ’s the only aspect of his life people would be talking about .
It is been revealed that Sydney 's Lane Cove tunnel is up for sale .
The tunnel 's owner , Connector Motorways Consortium is unable to meet debt repayments , because traffic volumes have not met original forecasts of 100,000 cars a day .
A spokesman for Connector Motorways says all the equity holders , including Leighton Holdings have written off their stakes .
The state opposition 's roads spokesman Andrew Stoner says the Government should shoulder some of the blame for the tunnel 's troubles .
" They were the ones who commissioned this project in the first place , " he said .
" They were the ones who provided the dodgy traffic volume estimates on which the finances were based .
" They were also the ones who ticked off on a toll regime which , in the economic circumstances , was too steep for many motorists . "
But the Transport Minister David Campbell says the data was not provided by the State Government .
" The Government did n't twist anybody 's arm , the Government did n't legislate to force anybody to make an investment , " he said .
" The private sector made an investment on their own calculation , and in the future , PPPs will be determined in a similar way . "
The Lane Cove Tunnel is a 3.6 kilometre motorway under Epping Road that links the M2 Motorway at North Ryde with the Gore Hill Freeway at Artarmon .
It opened in early 2007 and cost $ 1 billion to build .
Ever since I saw the Bit.ly JavaScript API I ’ve been wanting to build a simple script for tracking the number of people visiting a blog post from Twitter .
This past weekend I built a little script for doing just that – and in a completely unobtrusive manner .
The script itself is completely standalone ( no dependencies ) and can be included in any page relatively painlessly .
Additionally , since it ’s just HTML , CSS , and JavaScript , it ’s completely themeable and customizable to the style of your site .
Before explaining how to use it , some demos :
Demos
Simple Style
Sample Code < a class =" retweet " href = " https://johnresig.com/ "
>John Resig's Blog</a> Tweet Text : “ John Resig ’s Blog http://bit.ly/vqYAg” < a class = " retweet " href = " http://jquery.com/ ">
jQuery JavaScript Library </a> Tweet Text : “ jQuery JavaScript Library http://bit.ly/FGybD” < a class = " retweet " href = " http://google.com/ " title= " Google Search Engine " >
Google </a> Tweet Text : “ Google Search Engine http://bit.ly/ScCbV” < a class = " retweet self " href= " " ></ a> Tweet Text : “ John Resig – Easy Retweet Button http://bit.ly/1cliT”
Vertical Style
Sample Code < a class = " retweet vert " href = " https://johnresig.com/ "
>John Resig's Blog</a> Tweet Text : “ John Resig ’s Blog http://bit.ly/vqYAg” < a class = " retweet vert " href = " http://jquery.com/ ">
jQuery JavaScript Library </a> Tweet Text : “ jQuery JavaScript Library http://bit.ly/FGybD” < a class = " retweet vert " href = " http://google.com/ " title= " Google Search Engine " >
Google </a> Tweet Text : “ Google Search Engine http://bit.ly/ScCbV” < a class = " retweet vert self " href= " " ></ a> Tweet Text : “ John Resig – Easy Retweet Button http://bit.ly/1cliT”
How to Use / Installation
Getting the Easy Retweet Button running on your site is painfully easy ( ha ! ) .
Step 1 : Include the retweet .js file in the < head > of your web site .
< script src= " https://johnresig.com/files/retweet.js "></script>
( Note : You should place and use a copy from your own site , in case mine ever goes down . )
( Note 2 : You DO NOT need a bit.ly account in order to use this script .
A working one is provided for you by default . )
Step 2 : Add a class of ‘ retweet ’ to any anchor that you wish to turn into a Retweet button – or add a link with classes of ‘ retweet ’ and ‘ self ’ to add a retweet button for the current page .
Retweet link for the current page : ( See example at the end of this blog post . )
< a class = " retweet self " ></a>
Retweet link for other page :
< a class =" retweet " href = " https://johnresig.com/ "
>John Resig's Blog</a>
WordPress :
If you ’re using WordPress you could sculpt a custom button like so , placed in your single .
php theme file ( although , the above link types should be more than sufficient for most cases ) :
< a href= " <? php the_permalink ( ) ? > " class = " retweet " ><? php the_title ( ) ; ?></a>
The script has been tested in Internet Explorer 6 - 8 , Opera 9 - 10 , Safari 3.2 - 4 , Chrome 2 , and Firefox 3 - 3.5 .
Please write a comment if you encounter any problems .
Configuration and Themeing
There are a few options for the Retweet button that you can use .
If you ’re going to change them you can do so by changing the following properties after you ’ve already loaded the retweet .js file .
However , I highly recommend that you download a copy of the retweet .js file , make the changes in the file itself , and simply load that result instead .
RetweetJS.link_text ( Default : “ Retweet ” )
You can change this to another value and change the text in all of the Retweet buttons .
( Good for handling different languages . )
RetweetJS.count_text ( Default : “ clicks ” )
Right now only “ clicks ” are supported but if you specify “ none ” it will show no count ( and load much faster , as a result ) .
RetweetJS.prefix ( Default : “ ” )
Setting to “ RT @jeresig ” will add it to the front of the tweets .
RetweetJS.styling
( Default :
The full CSS used for styling the retweet button . )
You ’ll probably want to either tweak the CSS from inside the file itself or completely overwrite it and include your own styling elsewhere .
The markup for the button is surprisingly simple :
< a href= " ... " class = " retweet " >< strong > 4 </ strong >< span>
Retweet</span></a>
And if you have a vertical - style button the markup is :
< a href= " ... " class = " retweet vert " >< strong class= " vert " > 4 </ strong >< span class= " vert " >
Retweet</ span></a>
RetweetJS.bitly_user
RetweetJS.bitly_key
These default to a dummy account ( ‘ retweetjs ’ ) that can be used indefinitely .
However if you wish to keep track of your own links and add them to your own Bit.ly account then please add in your Bit.ly username and API key ( which can be found on your Bit.ly account page ) .
These values should be changed within the retweet .js file itself .
Alternatives
Two alternatives that I know about are the Tweetmeme Button and the Backtype Tweetcount .
Some of the major differences between this script and those are :
Completely Unobtrusive
You can place the script in the < head > of your document instead of inline .
The other scripts rely upon document . write ( ) and write out iframes into your document .
You can place the script in the < head > of your document instead of inline .
The other scripts rely upon document . write ( ) and write out iframes into your document .
Speed Retweet.js works completely asynchronously , loading data and updating the rendering as it comes in .
This means that the buttons wo n’t block your page while they ’re loading ( unlike the other buttons ) .
Retweet.js works completely asynchronously , loading data and updating the rendering as it comes in .
This means that the buttons wo n’t block your page while they ’re loading ( unlike the other buttons ) .
Pure HTML /CSS
The result is just pure HTML styled with CSS – you can customize it however you wish , no images are required .
The result is just pure HTML styled with CSS – you can customize it however you wish , no images are required .
Number of clicks , not retweets .
The number of retweets may be interesting to some but it ’s a poor indicator of actual traffic .
Instead , the number of clicks coming in is shown instead ( a much more useful number ) .
The number of retweets may be interesting to some but it ’s a poor indicator of actual traffic .
Instead , the number of clicks coming in is shown instead ( a much more useful number ) .
You control the data
All tracking works directly through Bit.ly , not a third party – this means that all the clicks and traffic can be stored straight in your bit.ly account , not some third parties .
All tracking works directly through Bit.ly , not a third party – this means that all the clicks and traffic can be stored straight in your bit.ly account , not some third parties .
100 % Open Source
This script is released under the MIT license and is completely open to modification and redistribution .
The full source is available on Github .
If you have any questions regarding the script please feel free to post them her in the comments .
If you have any tweaks for the script , please apply them against the source repository .
Enjoy !
MONTREAL -- Spain 's Rafael Nadal fears he
wo n't be fully fit for the U.S.
Open despite making his return
to action in next week 's Montreal Masters .
Nadal has been out of action for two months with knee
problems during which time he lost his French Open and
Wimbledon titles and world No. 1 ranking to Swiss rival
Roger Federer .
" I can't tell you if I 'll be 100 percent for the U.S .
Open , " Nadal told Reuters in an exclusive interview on Friday .
" It depends on many factors but clearly , I 'll work as hard
as I can try to be in condition there .
But most of all , I want
to make sure my knees respond well .
I also have a program that searches the Internet anytime somebody mentions Best Buy out there .
Sometimes it ’s really great things , sometimes it ’s obscenity - laden , but I have a huge appetite for it .
If I see customers have problems with things , I will contact the appropriate person in our company and have them contact that customer .
Sometimes I contact the customer .
Q. Hearing from you probably scares the heck out of them .
A . It does freak them out a little bit .
But I do think that the social media we have out there create interesting platforms for people to make those connections .
I think it ’s just fascinating .
Q . What goals have you set for yourself as a leader and a manager ?
A. I ’ve set a couple .
One , I have spent my career working in the United States , and I am going to be spending a lot of time visiting our operations in China and Europe and around the globe to get very connected to those businesses .
Personally , I want to make sure I keep learning .
I think the C.E.O. job is designed to insulate people from things that really happen .
I want to make sure that I ’m sort of out there in the white noise and the messiness of it all .
If you do n’t , you run the risk of becoming insulated and ineffective .
Q. You said the job is set up to insulate the C.E.O .
What do you mean ?
A . Most people do n’t run in and tell you , “ Hey , we ’ve got a problem here , ” or “ I think I messed this thing up . ”
It ’s human nature ; everybody wants to look good .
Everybody wants the optics to all line up .
I think that the truth of the matter is that if you ’re really going to look at it with clear eyes , there are things we do really well .
There are things we ’re O.K. at .
There are things that we ’re not great at .
I think I ’ve got a classic bell curve .
I think 20 percent of my stores are great , 60 percent are good , and I ’ve got 20 percent where I ’ve got some serious work to do .
Q. Let ’s talk about hiring .
Walk me through what you ’re looking for in the interview process , your key questions .
A . By the time these individuals get to me , we ’ve had a thorough sort of scan of their technical capabilities and all that .
So my discussion with them is very little about technical capability and competence and very much about cultural fit .
And the thing I really focus in on is : “ What are you passionate about ?
What do you really care about and what do you do with that ? ”
And I do n’t care if it ’s coaching a basketball team or something else .
I want to understand how they think about their passion .
Criminal Defense and DUI Defense in Santa Monica CA
DUI Attorney Santa Monica CA
You can find the quality legal representation you need at the Law Offices of Daniel R. Perlman .
Our Santa Monica criminal defense attorneys offer experienced , compassionate , and dedicated representation on behalf of adults and juveniles .
We defend clients against state and federal criminal charges ranging from DUI and serious traffic crimes to capital murder charges in Santa Monica , CA and throughout the rest of Southern California .
Contact a DUI Attorney in Santa Monica CA Today Contact us online or call 213-514-8324 today to discuss your charges , including DUI , Drug charges , White collar crimes , Violent crime , Sex crimes , Theft offenses , Juvenile offenses , traffic violations , federal crimes and other criminal charges .
Visit our website CriminalDefenseAttorneyLosAngeles.com
Free Consultation – DUI Attorney Santa Monica CA
Free Santa Monica Criminal Defense Attorney Case Review
We became criminal defense attorneys because we care about people and we want to help people who are facing critical life challenges .
We practice exclusively in criminal defense to provide our clients with the knowledgeable advice and skilled representation they deserve .
Call us today at 213-514-8324 for help .
Free Santa Monica Criminal Defense Consultation
Let our criminal defense lawyers in Santa Monica put our experience to work for you .
We believe every defendant has the right to a zealous defense .
We offer free initial consultations and will usually quote a flat fee that will cover all the services necessary for your case , including trial .
To schedule a free consultation with one of our call 213-514-8324 .
Criminal Defense and DUI Defense in Glendale CA
DUI Attorney Glendale CA
You can find the quality legal representation you need at the Law Offices of Daniel R. Perlman .
Our Glendale criminal defense attorneys offer experienced , compassionate , and dedicated representation on behalf of adults and juveniles .
We defend clients against state and federal criminal charges ranging from DUI and serious traffic crimes to capital murder charges in Glendale , CA and through out the rest of Southern California .
Contact a DUI Attorney in Glendale CA Today Contact us online or call ( 818 ) 639-4001 today to discuss your charges , including DUI , Drug charges , White collar crimes , Violent crime , Sex crimes , Theft offenses , Juvenile offenses , traffic violations , federal crimes and other criminal charges .
If you are in need of a divorce , child custody , or family lawyer please click here .
Free Consultation – DUI Attorney Glendale CA
The stunning light graffiti images brightening up Britain 's landmarks
Advertisement
A photographer swapped spray cans for torches to graffiti British landmarks in a set of stunning images released today .
Michael Bosanko used long exposure shots and different coloured torches to ' draw with light ' in the night - time shots .
He visited London , Birmingham , Sheffield , Newcastle and Edinburgh in one weekend to take the photos for a TalkTalk advertising campaign .
London skyline : Michael Bosanko marks out the London Eye , Gherkin , Tower Bridge , Nelson 's Column and House of Parliament using just torches and a long exposure
Fiery : The Angel of the North appears to burst into flames
The ' light graffiti ' created figures , flames , dinosaurs and flowers to brighten up attractions including the Houses of Parliament , the Angel of the North and the Royal Mile in Edinburgh .
He has created a series of stunning photographs of light graffiti in cities across Britain using light and digital camera effects .
RELATED ARTICLES
Previous
1
Next Plan your UK break here with TravelMail Share this article Share The 39 - year - old has developed the relatively unknown technique over the last five years .
Images are created in a similar way that sparklers can draw shapes on Bonfire night .
' Earlier this year he said : ' I use my torches like an artist would use a paint brush .
' I employ an exposure that lasts from ten seconds to one hour and then try to let my art manage to create what I had imagined .
Illuminating : Bosanko creates a man walking his dog along the Thames and a dinosaur outside the Natural History Museum in London
' What I feel I am trying to convey is a sense of an aesthetically pleasing shape that clearly does not belong in that particular place or area . '
Bosanko , who is based in Cardiff , covers the lens of an average household torches in coloured acetate paper which allows him to bring different shades of the spectrum to his work .
And he said that he gets the best results on a shoot depending on the amount of ambient light that available .
' If I am working in an urban environment like a city then there is lots of ambient light that means I have to work quickly , ' he said .
' Some people have asked if I have ever used photo - shop on my work and I have to tell them that it is simply created with a torch , a camera and the canvas of the night . '
A skateboarder appears to do some tricks on the South Bank in London
Floral art : Brilliant and bright flowers spring up in the Botanical Gardens at Kew
A magical bull appears outside the Bullring mall in Birmingham
Bosanko said he got the inspiration for creating light graffiti while on holiday in Greece about five years ago .
' I was taking a picture of a very bright moon one evening in Greece when I noticed a swirling effect because the exposure had been left too long , ' he said .
' I then realised the beginning of my work in light art and have continued ever since . '
Among the sites he visited with TalkTalk were the Bullring in Birmingham , the O2 , where he created Michael Jackson moonwalking , the Royal Botanical Gardens , the Natural History Museum and the Southbank in London .
Ghostly performers on the Royal Mile in Edinburgh
Michael Jackson 's moonwalk is created outside the O2 Arena in London using just torches and a long exposure
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
FIA president Max Mosley has indicated that the governing body is not about to bow to demands being placed on it by Formula 1's current teams about their entry to the 2010 championship .
Nine of the sport 's current competitors submitted their entries to next year 's championship on the condition that a new Concorde Agreement was signed by June 12 and that next year 's cost - cutting rule changes are abandoned in favour of their preferred regulations .
However , speaking to Swiss publication Motorsport Aktuell , Mosley has made it clear that it is unlikely a Concorde Agreement can be put together in such a short time frame - and he has suggested the rebel teams go off and set up their own championship if they are unhappy .
" A Concorde Agreement which one receives so late can't be signed by June 12 , " Mosley was quoted as saying .
" We now have a conflict and we will see who succeeds in the end .
I say to them :
If you want to draw up your own rules , then you can organise your own championship .
But we have the Formula 1 championship .
" We draw up the rules for that .
We have been doing that for 60 years and we will continue doing so . "
With a whole host of new teams having submitted entries to next year 's championship , there are no shortage of competitors who can fill the grid if current teams do not wish to compete .
Ferrari team principal Stefano Domenicali said last week that if the conditions laid down by FOTA 's nine members were not accepted , then their entries would be invalid .
Twitter 's plan to formally adopt the retweet as a feature , aka " Project Retweet , " has just become a lot more clear .
Today on Twitter 's API Announcement Group , the company outlined in greater detail what their version of the retweet will look like and how it will function .
The retweet is already central to sharing content on Twitter , but confusion and the mess surrounding the syntax have prompted them to build this feature .
Oh , and to help explain the updates to the retweet feature , they 've provided a mock - up of the latest design .
So what 's in store for the new retweet feature ?
As we explained in our detailed guide of Project Retweet , " retweet " will appear as an option at the end of any tweet .
Clicking this will share that tweet in your Twitter stream , just like a normal retweet would .
However , it will not come with the " RT @username " syntax we 've come to recognize .
Instead , it will look like this :
Twitter also offered an apology to third party developers .
Why , you ask ?
Because they changed functionality in the API .
Before today , they were asking developers to do " internal book keeping " on whether a retweet had already come in multiple times .
Now that work will be done on Twitter 's end .
They also are limiting the number of shown retweets to 100 , so that you do n't have a single tweet with 1500 + faces and username shown as retweeters .
Here 's Twitter 's explanation :
" One of the main confusions and criticisms about the retweet API was around what happens when a given tweet is retweeted multiple times .
The explanation was that developers need to do their own retweet collapsing .
If N people retweet a given tweet , you 'd get N instances of that same tweet in the appropriate retweet timeline and the home timeline .
You would then have to do your own internal book keeping about whether that tweet had already come in .
If it had n't you 'd display it for the first time .
If it had you 'd update the already displayed tweet .
Asking developers to collapse retweets in timelines is onerous , complicated and confusing .
We 're not going to do it that way .
We are going to add a resource that gives you all retweets for a given tweet .
In timelines you will get only the first retweet .
You can then request all retweets for that tweet at any time to get up to 100 retweets that have been created for it . "
The launch of Project Retweet is close at hand .
Do you like the new look of retweets ?
Do you think this is a good or bad development ?
Let us know in the comments .
You can blame doctoratlantis for this one .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Americans remain skeptical of President Barack Obama ’s healthcare reform drive , but their views have not changed much after weeks of sometimes angry protests at public meetings , according to an NBC poll released on Tuesday .
A person holds up a small sign reading " health reform now " at a town hall meeting on healthcare reform hosted by Rep. Mike Coffman ( R - CO ) in Littleton , Colorado August 12 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Rick Wilking
Obama ’s approval rating on healthcare was at 41 percent , unchanged from last month , while 36 percent believed his reform plans were a good idea and 42 percent a bad idea -- also unchanged from last month ’s NBC / Wall Street Journal poll .
With Congress on a month long August break , the public relations battle over his top domestic priority has been center stage .
Critics have disrupted some “ town hall ” meetings held by lawmakers , attracting enormous media attention .
But the poll found the number of Americans who thought their healthcare would get better under Obama ’s plan grew slightly in the last month from 21 percent to 24 percent -- within the margin of error .
Forty percent believed it would get worse , virtually the same as last month .
Of those who had read or heard about the meetings , 62 percent said they would make no difference in their feelings about Obama ’s plan .
They split evenly on whether the protests did more harm or good .
Misconceptions about the plan were widespread , however , with 55 percent saying it would give health coverage to illegal immigrants and 45 percent saying it would let the government decide when to stop care for the elderly .
Both are untrue .
The poll of 805 Americans was taken from Saturday to Monday and has a margin of error of 3.5 percentage points .
Support for a government - run public insurance plan that would compete with private insurers slipped slightly from 46 percent to 43 percent .
That proposal -- included in all three bills approved by committees in the House of Representatives -- has been a prominent feature of the healthcare debate after the White House seemed to waffle on its support over the weekend .
Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said Obama preferred the public option but would consider other approaches like public cooperatives if they increase choice and competition for insurance consumers .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said on Tuesday the administration had exhibited a “ boring consistency ” by expressing a preference for a public option but refusing to draw any lines in the sand .
The fate of a public option will be a key question for lawmakers when they return to work on the overhaul in September , along with the cost and scope of the legislation and how it will be paid for .
Obama wants legislation that will rein in costs , constrain insurance companies and extend coverage to most of the 46 million Americans without health insurance .
Pictured :
The revolting ' Dr Who ' sea monster that terrified tourists
A mysterious ' alien like ' creature horrified holidaymakers after it washed up on a beach on the Gower Peninsula in Wales .
The writhing mass of tentacles , which measured at least 6ft from end to end , was described by a zoology expert today as ' like something out of Doctor Who ' .
Hundreds of people flocked to Oxwich Beach near Swansea to catch a glimpse of the monster .
The mysterious ' alien like ' creature measured 3ft long
But fears of a UFO invasion were put to rest as scientists revealed it was a seething mass of goose barnacles that was swept up from the depths of the ocean by bad weather .
The barnacles - long writhing stalks or pendulates , tipped with shells - are normally found deep below the waves , but were washed up clinging to a log .
Professor Paul Brain , of Swansea University , said : ' One child screamed out that it resembled something from Dr Who and I would have to agree with her - it made very bizarre viewing .
The mass of writhing tentacles was washed up on Gower Beach
' In fact they were probably the biggest specimens of free - floating goose barnacles I 've seen .
' The log is about two metres long and as thick as a telegraph pole so I would n't be surprised if there were a couple of thousand barnacles on there . '
Holidaymaker Rebecca Porter said the log was like ' a large living sea monster ' .
She said : ' The stalk on which the puffin - shaped head sat on was soft and rubbery and moved like a snake .
' They appeared to be attached to a piece of driftwood but it could hardly be seen as it was densely covered with these huge tentacles that opened and closed , thrusting out fronds like uncurling ferns . '
The mass of writhing goose tentacles are reminiscent of the ' Ood ' from Doctor Who
The tentacled creature relies on water motion for feeding - leading to it frequently being washed up on shore .
The barnacle extends its fan - like array of limbs to catch plankton , and attaches itself to surfaces by its stalk - leaving it unable to move from the point it is fixed .
There was also a second barnacle - covered log , measuring around 1ft in length , which washed up alongside the bigger one .
Oxwich Bay on the Gower Peninsula , Wales , where the strange tentacled creature washed up
Professor Brain said : ' They tend to live in the oceans and can attach themselves to the bottom of ships .
' It 's normally found in quite deep water but occasionally they can be found on debris that has become dislodged from the sea bed and has washed up on the shore .
' I would think the bad weather caused by the jet stream in the past month has probably dislodged these barnacle infested logs from their resting places , giving people a rare look at them for free on the beach . '
Professor Brain added : ' They 're actually a delicacy in Spain although I have n't seen any Spanish people trying to chisel them off .
' Back in the old days , people thought barnacle geese hatched from them .
A Welsh monk in the 12th century , Giraldus Cambrensis , even claimed to have seen geese hatching from them . '
Briggs & Stratton Fortress
Whole House Generators Natural Gas & Propane
Brevard ( 321 ) 345-1133 – Broward & Palm Beach ( 954 ) 424-0998
We now offer the premium 20 kW Aluminum Fortress with a 10 year warranty !!!
( This is not a promo ) .
This is a complete parts and labor 10 year warranty .
The model number is 040592
Briggs & Stratton Fortress Generators – BRIGGS & STRATTON OFFERS YOU MORE
Our dealer exclusive line of generators offers a premium level of protection .
Backed by a 6 - year parts , labor and travel limited warranty ; the longest warranty in the industry .
The Fortress™ air - cooled line comes standard with an oil warmer and our liquid cooled line comes
equipped with a block heater to help your generator start when the temperature falls .
Our Briggs & Stratton Generator PRICES are so low – they ca n’t be advertised !
Call for the latest pricing at ( 888 ) 436-4887 !!!
We are authorized Briggs & Stratton Generator Dealers for sales , service , and installation offering cost effective natural gas & propane generators for emergency power solutions covering Broward , Palm Beach , Brevard ,
Indialantic , Suntree , Viera , Indian Harbor Beach & Rockledge .
24 Hour Emergency Service
Generator Financing Available
These systems help a homeowner prioritize the power they need during a power outage .
Why Buy from BSA Power Solutions :
We are electrician contractors and have many years of experience with the installation , maintenance and repairs of emergency generators .
We offer the highest quality Technical support for your electrical generator needs on your generator purchases .
Most companies will tell you to call an 800 number that answers overseas .
We do offer specials on some of our generator lines to fit your budget
We can assemble custom configurations that may not be done by other companies .
We OFFER A FULL LINE OF GENERATORS
• Available power options from 8 kW to 60kW *
• Powered by Briggs & Stratton® Engines *
• Able to run on natural gas or liquid propane vapor
• Durable corrosion resistant gavenneal steel or aluminum * enclosures
• NFPA certification allows installation as close as 18 ″ from your home *
Call Toll Free 888- GENITUP
( 888-436-4887 )
Six Reasons to Choose a Whole House Generator System The Home Generator System Program is the culmination of nearly a century of consumer power expertise , offering the innovative features and price / value that people have grown to expect from all Briggs & Stratton Powered Products .
Peace of Mind
Whether you are home or away , power is automatically transferred to key circuits in your home during an outage , protecting your family while potentially saving you thousands of dollars in property damage .
Convenience
A permanent connection to your power supply via a power transfer switch automatically provides uninterrupted power to your home when the power goes out .
Environmentally friendly low - cost fuels like Natural Gas or Liquid Propane provide a safe , continuous fuel supply , eliminating the need for extension cords or messy gas cans .
Reliable Performance
At the heart of the generator is a high - performance , fully - featured Briggs & Stratton Vanguard V - Twin OHV engine .
Designed for ultimate longevity and performance , the engine is powerful enough to work with homes that have low fuel pressure , eliminating the need for a costly additional pressure regulator .
Unobtrusive Design
A sleek housing and small footprint make for subtle yet functional operation .
Sound absorbing panels and an automotive muffler also keep sound to neighbor - friendly levels .
Continuous Low - Cost Fuel Supply
A permanent hook - up to Natural Gas or Liquid Propane provides a safe , virtually continuous automatic fuel supply eliminating the inconvenient connection steps required with portable generators .
Unparalleled Support
Backed by one of the most established and comprehensive service networks in the industry , every Briggs & Stratton & GE Home Generator Systems comes with expert installation and worldwide support .
Learn why choosing Briggs & Stratton for your backup power needs can give you and your family peace of mind .
The process of installing a whole house generator solution involves :
A good deal of planning & Project Management on our part
Permitting – obtaining authorization by filing all required paperwork with each city
Experienced product ordering
Using state licensed electricians
Careful setup , installation , and testing
Coordinating with city inspections
Propane or LP gas inspections
Coordination with utilities
Working with the homeowner
There are many steps involved to correctly install your home generator .
BSA Power Solutions has the experience and knowledge to professionally install your standby generator by the state code .
Call us at 888 - GENITUP ( 888-436-4887 ) for a quote for your standby generator power solution for your home or business .
The amount of time to perform a new generator installation ( on our part ) is a day or two , but unfortunately , it can take several weeks to well over a month or two to install a complete generator system due to lengthly process of permitting from the cities .
The closer it gets to hurricane season , the longer it will take to get an inspection , so order your emergency generator as soon as possible , so we can schedule your installation and provide you peace of mind before the next storm season .
We offer Special Financing for South Florida Installations Only
BSA Power Solutions provides the sales , installation , maintenance and service for our emergency standby generators for your home or business .
We are owned and operated by a state licensed electrical contractor , so we do not sub - contract our generator installations or service .
This makes us a one - stop shop for your home generator purchase .
We are based in Broward County Florida , providing standby generator solutions all the communities of Brevard , Broward and Palm Beach counties .
Being one of the top South Florida authorized Briggs and Stratton generator - retailers , we are offered great pricing , so we can pass the savings on to you .
We specialize in the Briggs & Stratton – 20kW , 18 kW , , 15 kW & 12 kW – Natural Gas & Propane Whole House Generator Systems for your home and business .
Hurricanes and Tropical Storms do result in power outages that can make our lives miserable !
The Hurricane season of 2005 taught us all how long the power could be effected by a major storm or a series of major storms .
It ’s funny how we take for granted the electric power we use in our homes .
It ’s not till it ’s off , do we realize how crucial it is to our survival .
If your power is off for longer than a day :
How do you keep the food in the refrigerator cold ?
How do you prepare a meal when the oven or range does not work ?
The air temperature during the summer is hot !
Taking a cold shower is tough to do
No TV , DVD movies or video games
New phones require power
No computer use or internet access
How many other products use electricity that you depend on every day ?
Our standby propane generator solutions can eliminate those problems and help increase the value of your home .
It now seems that every home needs it ’s own power solution to help during those difficult times
To order your Standby Generator System – Call Toll Free 888- GENITUP ( 888-436-4887 )
No Thanksgiving Dinner here - the pouch serves up chicken and rice
The meal comes in a pouch that filters out 99.9 % of most toxins , says New Scientist magazine .
The aim is to reduce the amount of water soldiers need to carry .
The firm behind it says soldiers should only use urine as last resort - as the membrane can not filter out urea , which in the long term causes kidney damage .
" The pouch - containing chicken and rice - relies on osmosis to filter the water or urine , " the New Scientist Magazine reported .
The liquid passes through a membrane , thin sheets of a cellulose - based plastic with gaps just 0.5 nanometres wide .
It means only clean water can reach the food , and the bacteria is left behind .
' Indestructible sandwich '
The idea has come from the Combat Feeding Directorate , part of the US Army Soldier Systems Center in Natick , Massachusetts .
The organisation is also the brains behind the " indestructible sandwich " , which can stay fresh for three years .
A spokeswoman said the dehydrated pouches would reduce the current weight of 3.5 kg for a day 's food supply of three meals , to 0.4kg .
But Hydration Technology Inc , in Albany , Oregon , which made the membrane , warned it is too coarse to filter out urea so soldiers should only use urine in an absolute emergency .
Engineer Ed Beaudry was quoted by the New Scientist as saying that the body would not find using urine to rehydrate food toxic in the short term , but in the long term it would cause kidney damage .
Microsoft has designed itself a new logo for its forthcoming retail stores , which aim to take on the popular Apple retail stores across the world .
The logo has been filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office ( see the application ) .
The filing states that the logo " consists of four squares arranged in a rectangular grid .
Each square is colored to form three square - shaped regions within the square , with the color of each region gradating from dark to light toward the center of the design .
The upper left square design is red , the lower left square is blue , the upper right square is green and the lower right square is yellow .
The squares are separated by blank space . "
As an indication of what will be on sale in the Microsoft stores the official document states that the logo is for " retail store services and online retail services featuring computers , computer hardware , software , computer games , computer peripherals , portable music players and accessories , personal digital assistants , cell phones and accessories , video game consoles and accessories , webcams , books , clothing , back packs , messenger bags , computer bags and novelty items " .
Microsoft plans to open its own retail stores to " transform the PC and Microsoft buying experience " , the company said as it hired an executive to run the retail operation .
The stores will help Microsoft engage more deeply with consumers and learn firsthand about what they want to buy and how , according to Microsoft .
Deciding where the stores will be located and what they 'll look like will be the first order of business for David Porter , who will report to work on Monday as corporate vice president of Retail Stores .
Microsoft has long been perceived as lagging behind rival Apple in appealing directly to consumers , and Apple has a head start of several years in running a chain of stores .
While Microsoft makes its own Xbox game terminals , Zune media players and some other devices , it does n't have a branded PC product of its own like Apple 's Macintosh .
The software giant will open its retail stores near Apple 's existing locations , a company spokesperson has confirmed , possibly even as close as right next door in some instances .
" We 're going to have some retail stores opened up right next door to Apple stores this fall , " COO Kevin Turner stated during a Webcast conference on Wednesday , according to a report published by Reuters .
Additional reporting by Stephen Lawson and JR Raphael .
This story , " A Peek at the Microsoft Store Logo " was originally published by PC Advisor ( UK ) .
A MULTITUDE of links in the original .
GO SIBEL ! - Jon
Inviting Ms. Schakowsky to Join…….
Source : 123realchange.blogspot.com
Dear Congresswoman
Schakowsky :
It is an age - old tactic , when one cannot refute statements with facts , to attempt to discredit the witness .
Rather than exchanging accusations , let me just go on record with facts and detailed citations .
When I became aware of incriminating evidence against high - level U.S. officials — elected and appointed — I filed under the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) and fought for five years in court .
I bore tremendous cost , financially and emotionally , to make this data public .
Here is the court case identification : C.A. No. 1:02CV01294 ( ESH ) .
Few citizens have gone this far in a FOIA case to make covered - up information available to the public .
No one gains financially from fighting this kind of thing in court , and I am no exception .
You have called me a fantasist , but would a fabricator pay as dearly as I did to have her claims investigated ?
I fought another court case to expose government criminality through key witnesses and documents .
As in the FOIA case , I bore tremendous costs and was again blocked by the invocation of the State Secrets Privilege and National Security .
The court case identification is Civ.No.1:02CV01448 ( JR ) ) .
No other citizen has twice had the State Secrets Privilege invoked .
But why would the government , with the support of congressional representatives , go to such lengths to quash , gag , and classify the files and operations in question if they were “ fantasy , lies , and nonexistent ” as you say ?
I complied with the whistleblowing rule and took my case to the Office of the Inspector General and provided all of the information they allowed me to .
They interviewed dozens of witnesses and reviewed hundreds of pages of documents in their investigation of my credibility and the validity of my case .
Here is the link to their confirmation that I and my case have merit : DOJ - IG Report .
Here is the redacted report that shows how our government censored more than 90 % of this report to the public : Redacted DOJ -IG Report .
Very few national security whistleblowers have been granted this level of validation and vindication .
The Justice Department ’s own Office of the Inspector General disagrees with your characterization of me and my case .
Several senior members of Congress — from both sides of the aisle -- have also investigated and publicly confirmed my credibility and the grave nature of my disclosures .
This is what Senator Leahy had to say : Leahy Statement .
This is what Congresswoman Maloney said : Rep. Maloney Statement .
Here are the assessments of Senator Lautenberg -- Sen. Lautenberg Statement — and Senator Grassley -- Sen. Grassley Statement .
By attacking my credibility , you are also attacking your colleagues , including many on your side of the aisle .
Are you accusing these senators and representatives of being fantasists too ?
You have been described as a “ true blue ” civil libertarian , so it will surely interest you to know that the ACLU has declared me “ the most gagged ” person in the history of this great nation .
Are you also attacking the ACLU and calling their characterization of this case a fantasy ?
I have testified under oath , and my public biography will provide you with information about my educational background , financial background , and family life .
I am fully aware of the consequences of perjury , and as you can see , I would have a lot to lose were that the case .
I am sure you are familiar with my sworn testimony , but you can review it here .
I ’ve done more than my share through the courts , IG offices , Congress , and media .
I do n’t have your power .
You sit on the House Intelligence Committee , and you are one of the members of the majority party in Congress .
Here is what you can do : Call for an investigation and a hearing before your committee on this long covered - up case .
Subpoena the files and call the witnesses .
Bring in retired Special Agent Gilbert Graham and have him testify on the official report and complaint he filed with the DOJ inspector general in 2002 regarding the FBI counterespionage investigations involving Turkey and Israel in which targeted US representatives were illegally wiretapped .
This is not fiction .
Here is the official and signed public version : SA Gilbert Graham Report .
Also bring in former FBI Counterintelligence Operations Manager & Espionage Investigator John M. Cole and have him testify under oath regarding espionage cases involving State Department officials , Pentagon officials , and Congressional members .
Here is a preview of some of the information disclosed and confirmed by Agent Cole : Interview and Radio Interview .
Also bring in the sworn testimonies of current FBI special agents in the Chicago and DC field offices who dutifully and patriotically led the counterintelligence operations on Turkey and corrupt US officials , only to see their investigations blocked and covered - up .
Their names are public .
Order the Justice Department to release the two main Counterintelligence Operations Files on Turkey and “ US persons of interest ” — one from FBI Chicago Field Office - 1996 - 2002 , the other from FBI DC Field Office - 1996 - 2001 .
These will help bring out the facts regarding your story too .
I have documentation supporting the existence of these files .
Recall that I did not accuse you of any criminal or espionage - related activity .
The last time I saw a similar attack on my credibility was when Dennis Hastert issued a non-denial denial to information contained in a previous magazine article .
He later gave up his seat , registered himself ( under FARA ) as an agent for the government of Turkey , and went on to collect $ 35,000 per month as a foreign agent .
I certainly hope you are not planning to follow his footsteps by giving up your seat and officially registering with a foreign government .
It would be far better if you used your position to bring out the facts .
I will be delighted to assist you .
Sibel Edmonds
Our Louisiana criminal defense practice provides aggressive and effective representation for individuals , corporate officers and public officials in local , state and federal courts .
At Damico & Stockstill , Attorneys at Law , we bring over 65 years of combined experience to felony and misdemeanor cases involving fraud , conspiracy , DUI / DWI , drug offenses and violent crimes such as homicide or sex crimes .
If you have been charged with a crime in Louisiana , contact Thomas Damico and Brent Stockstill , skilled criminal defense lawyers .
Fame has its privileges but getting special treatment at the red - hot new Harry Potter is not one of those privileges .
At least not for Dane Cook !
The comedian wanted to see a midnight showing of Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince at The Grove in Los Angeles Tuesday night but there was an extremely long line , with many people having already waited hours .
Dane walked past everyone in line and some might say demanded , but we ’ll be polite and say asked , for ticket to the show and to be let in early so he could get good seats .
The employees turned him down and said they just could n’t do it .
Dane was furious and stormed away .
Trust us , we know it ’s true because we were right there and sadly , did n’t get in either !
The more time college students spend on Facebook , the more likely they are to feel jealous toward their romantic partners , leading to more time on Facebook searching for additional information that will further fuel their jealousy , in an escalating cycle that may become addictive , according to a study reported in CyberPsychology & Behavior .
Amy Muise , MSc , Emily Christofides , MSc , and Serge Desmarais , PhD , from the University of Guelph ( Ontario , Canada ) , surveyed young adults involved in romantic relationships and found that those who spent time on social networking sites such as Facebook may be exposed to information about their partners that makes them jealous , leading them to spend more time involved in online surveillance and to uncover even more jealousy - provoking information .
The article describes a vicious cycle in which Facebook usage and feelings of jealousy become intertwined and have a negative influence on behavior and relationships .
Some participants in the study described their increasing use of Facebook as " addictive . "
The authors recommend further research to explore this feedback loop and to determine whether a similar relationship between online social networking and jealousy toward a partner affects older adults as well .
" This research on university age individuals is an excellent starting point to begin asking additional questions on how this new forum might be impacting the dynamics of adult relationships and other social processes , " says Professor Dr. Brenda K. Wiederhold , Editor - in - Chief of CyberPsychology & Behavior .
Fermion – The Scheme Web Server
Fermion is a fast and secure web server written in Scheme .
It is optimized to serve dynamic content generated by Scheme scripts .
It is part of the larger Spark - Scheme project .
It uses light - weight green threads to handle client requests and can efficiently serve thousands of simultaneous connections .
The following code starts an instance of Fermion :
; ; file : my - http.ss ( import ( net ) ( http ) ) ( web - server - start ( web- server ) )
Create a HTML file called index.html and place it along with my - http.ss .
This will be the default page served by our http server .
Start the web server with the command `spark my - http.ss ’ .
Now you can access index.html with the URL : http://localhost .
The forte of Fermion is not in serving static files , but in generating content dynamically based on user input or some other volatile parameter .
Let us write a simple web application that will greet the user based on the time of the day .
; ; file : greet.ss ( import ( aura ) ) ( define ( greet new - uri state ) ( ( ( sgml `( html ( body ( b , ( greeting - by - hour ) ) ) ) ) ' text ) ) ) ( define ( greeting - by - hour ) ( let ( ( hour ( date - hour ( seconds - > date ( current- seconds ) ) ) ) ) ( cond ( ( <= hour 12 ) " Good morning ! " ) ( ( <= hour 17 ) " Good afternoon ! " ) ( else " Good evening " ) ) ) ) ( list greet ) [ / sourcecode ]
The procedure < em > greet </em > will be executed by the web server , by passing it two arguments .
< em > new - uri</em > will be a dynamically generated URI to which any further requests , like a form POST , should be send .
< em> state </em > is a hash table that contains the current state of the session .
For instance , it will contain values posted by previous requests .
The web application exports a list of procedures that will be executed by Fermion , in the given order .
Thus the programmer can design a web application as a sequence of operations , much like a normal console program .
The < em > greet </em > sample also makes use of a library called < em> aura < / em > which can be used to write SGML documents in Scheme syntax .
Fermion is a < em> secure </ em > web server .
It is possible to impose some control over HTTP requests by using configuration options .
An example is given below : ( define httpd ( web- server ( list ' port 8080 ; ; Web server will listen on port 8080 .
' session - timeout (* 2 60 ) ;; 2 minutes ' max - header - length (* 112 1024 ) ;;
Size of request header ;; limited to 112 kb .
' max - body - length (* 512 1024 ) ;;
Size of request body limited to ; ; 512 kb. ' max-response-size (* 512 1024 ) ) ) ) ;;
Size of response limited to ;; 512 kb .
Fermion provide hooks where new procedures can be plugged - in to implement advanced security and compliance features .
For instance , the following sample shows how to hook a procedure to check the length of the request URI .
If the URI contain more than 512 characters , the request will be blocked .
( import ( net ) ( http - request - parser ) ( http ) ) ( define httpd ( web- server ) ) ;;
The security hook procedure .
( define ( check - uri - length httpd client - connection http - request ) ( cond ( (> ( string - length ( http- request - uri http - request ) ) 512 ) ( printf " Request URI too long .
Closing connection .~n " ) ( flush - output ) ( socket - close ( connection - socket client - connection ) ) # f ) ( else ;;
Let the web server 's request handler do its job . # t ) ) ) ( web - server - hook ! httpd ' before - handle - request check - uri - length ) ( web - server - start httpd )
User defined policies can be applied on the response by using the ‘ before - send - response hook .
I hope that Scheme hackers will find Fermion useful in their real - world web development tasks .
Links :
Fermion documentation .
Victims of Bernie Madoff ’s massive Ponzi scheme may have to wait until 2024 , or longer , before all the money is collected , according to one veteran court - appointed receiver .
“ We are still sending out checks on a 10 - year - old Ponzi scheme case because of the complicated nature of the case , ” said Robb Evans , whose firm of 25 former bank executives is the receiver in dozens of cases .
“ I would n’t be surprised if the Madoff case was not fully settled in 15 years , ” he said .
Evans , who was the receiver in the BCCI fraud 18 years ago — and who still has to distribute nearly $ 10 million of the $ 15 billion in assets of that case , also noted that clawback cases are fair to bring in certain fraud cases .
“ In a Ponzi scheme focusing on the not - rich elderly , like the Madoff case , clawbacks are gut - wrenching but fair , ” he said .
Clawbacks are cases where a receiver seeks to grab back profits from investors who are also victims of the fraud .
Evans said he has some non-wealthy clawback subjects paying $ 50 to $ 100 a month in an installment plan .
Video : Robot operating system
Being one of a kind has its downsides ( Image : Aldebaran Robotics )
THE UBot whizzes around a carpeted conference room on its Segway - like wheels , holding aloft a yellow balloon .
It hands the balloon to a three - fingered robotic arm named WAM , which gingerly accepts the gift .
Cameras click .
“ It blows my mind to see robots collaborating like this , ” says William Townsend , CEO of Barrett Technology , which developed WAM .
The robots were just two of the multitude on display last month at the International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence ( IJCAI ) in Pasadena , California .
But this happy meeting of …
I recently got my hands on the Arduino Experimentation Kit from RobotShop.ca and have been tinkering away all weekend .
There are many Arduino starting kits available out there and it ’s somewhat overwhelming for someone like myself with very little experience in the field of microcontrollers to decide which to order .
In the end I chose to go with RobotShop ’s kit because they were local to me ( Canada ) and when it came time to expand upon my kit they had every sensor and part I could ever imagine needing .
Comparison
They had two packages available , the Arduino Experiementation Kit for $ 85 CDN and the Arduino Basic Kit for $ 55 CDN .
Both kits come with the Arduino Duemilanove board , a mini solderless breadboard , a USB cable for power and programming the micro and a jumper wire kit .
The basic kit also comes with a power supply , which for some reason the more expensive kit lacks .
The experimentation kit adds a servo , rotation sensor , infrared sensor and some break away headers .
Since I wanted to be able to actually make something with my micro and not need to pick up tons of extra parts from elsewhere I went with the experimentation kit .
Analysis
Arduino Duemilanove USB Microcontroller Module
Comes fully assembled and the ATMega328 is pre-loaded with the Arduino bootoader .
I was immediately disappointed by the fact that my row of 6 analog connectors was soldered in crooked .
Rather than be at a 90 degree angle with the board it is sitting at about 75 degrees .
The solder joint is solid enough that I ca n’t just bend it back in to position , and I ’m confident that in its current state I will not be able to snap on any shields unless I heat up the solder joint and reposition it .
The board is usuable , however I do n’t feel it should have made it past quality control .
Sharp GP2D12 IR Range Sensor
Definitely a fun sensor to play with .
One of my first designs was a motion sensor that lights up an LED when you put your hand in front of the sensor .
From there I improved it by changing the brightness of the LED based on the distance from the sensor .
A quick Google search for this sensor and you will find the datasheet as well as plenty of code examples as it seems to be a very common choice .
Phidgets Rotation Sensor
All my research on this device has told me to use it with the Phidgets Interface Kit .
So it was like they had a bunch of these lying around and just tossed them in to get rid of them .
I did manage to find a Product Manual for it thankfully and was able to determine that it used the analog pins and returned a value between 0 and 1000 based on the position of the knob .
Hitec HS - 422 Servo Motor
Have n’t played with this part much yet , sometime this week I will hook it up and the rotation sensor and see if I can get the two working together .
Other than that , it looks well made and its by a reputable manufacturor .
Mini Self Adheasive Solderless Breadboard
I ’d be lost without this component .
I am the worst at soldering and I certainly do n’t want to make any of my circuits permanent at this point .
The breadboard allows me to prototype out all my little ideas and make mistakes along the way .
It does seem weird to be using it without the Proto Shield though , as it is forced to sit to the side rather than on top of the module .
Pre-formed Jumper Wire Kit
Was n’t really sure what these were going to be until I got them .
Now that I know what they are I love them .
No need to measure , cut or strip wires — just find the right jumper and plug it in .
It ’s really simple .
Break Away Headers
Have n’t found these to be very useful .
So far I ’ve only broken off 3 and it was to use to connect the IR sensor to the breadboard .
Problem is the plastic strip that divides the two ends is n’t centered .
So either I get a good connection on the breadboard or a good connection on the IR sensor , not both .
As a result I ’ve knocked the sensor out many times while playing with it .
Getting Set Up
Since right now my main OS is Windows 7 I will be doing all of my development under it .
Â
The development environment is written in Java so if you are more at home in OSX or Linux then you can just as easily do your development there .
Â
The software package can be download directly from Arduino.cc where you can also look up code examples and anything else you need to get going .
The Arduino works be emulating a serial port over USB and uses the FTDI drivers which come packaged with the development software .
Unfortunately this bundled set of drivers is out dated and would not work with my computer .
I had to try several sets of drivers before I found ones that worked with Windows 7 x64 .
The most up - to - date drivers can be obtained from FTDI ’s website .
One thing to note is that when installing virtual com port drivers you will notice that after the first device is installed you will again be prompted to install another set of drivers .
One is the USB Serial Converter and the second is the USB Serial Port .
I personally did n’t like the port that was auto assigned to my Arduino so I went into device manager and disabled what was already on COM1 ( which I was not using ) and opened up the properties of the USB Serial Port , clicked the Port Settings tab , then Advanced .
Here I selected COM1 and hit ok , after accepting the warning that another device was using that port I was back to Device Manager .
From there I right clicked Communications Port ( COM1 ) and selected disable .
Even if you do n’t want to change the port it is running under you would still be wise to go into Device Manager and find out for sure which port it is using as you will need to know this when it comes time to upload your program to your Arduino .
After installing both the FTDI drivers and the Arduino development environment all that ’s left is a small amount of configuration .
Start up Arduino 0017 and select Tools -> Board -> Arduino Duemilanove or Nano w/ ATmega328 .
Then again under the Toosl menu select Serial Port and the port you are using ( in my case COM1 ) .
Your software is now configured , at this point I would recommend reading some of the examples found under the file menu .
Conclusion
Overall I ’m happy with the kit , I ’ve been itching to get my hands on a Arduino board for some time now and they had it in my hands just two days after ordering the kit online .
On top of that it came with two sensors and one device to output through ( not including the onboard LED ) .
The devices it came with are certainly not the ones I would have picked if I was building a kit of my own they are definitely handy and I will have lots of fun finding a use for them .
I would have liked to have seen three things included in this kit , as they were strangely absent .
The first is the power supply .
It strikes me as very odd that it would be offered in the cheaper package but not the high end package .
The second is a pack of LEDs , they ’re cheap enough that they should have thrown in at least two or three different colours to play with .
To go with those you would have needed a pack of resistors , they are also quite cheap and are essential for lighting LEDs without blowing them .
I picked up a pack of both at Radio Shack as I felt lost without them .
There are other things , such as a proto shield , that I would have loved to have in my starter kit but those are a fair bit more expensive and would have certainly raised the price of the kit .
My biggest gripe would definitely be the crooked row of analog Pins .
I was extremely disappointed to discover this .
The Arduino Experimentation
Kit offers a beginner developer enough to get started , and it is packaged at a reasonable price .
If you know specifically what you ’d like to start building you ’d be better off to build your own kit out of parts that are easily available on their website .
I will definitely be going back to RobotShop.ca for some more supplies as their prices are reasonable and they are conveniently quite close to me .
However if you live in the states , or you do n’t have tons of random electrical components laying around your apartment waiting for you to build something out of them like I do , then you ’d probably be wiser to order The Advanced Arduino Starter Kit from MakerShed which would come with almost everything you could possibly need in your early stages of Arduino proto - typing .
This follows quite a few themes I ’ve discussed at length here :
The Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act ( CPSIA ) requires third - party testing of nearly every object intended for a child ’s use , and was passed in response to several toy recalls in 2007 for lead and other chemicals .
Six of those recalls were on toys made by Mattel , or its subsidiary Fisher Price .
Small toymakers were blindsided by the expensive requirement , which made no exception for small domestic companies working with materials that posed no threat . …
So while most small toymakers had no idea this law was coming down the pike until it was too late , Mattel spent $ 1 million lobbying for a little provision to be included in the CPSIA permitting companies to test their own toys in “ firewalled ” labs that have won Consumer Product Safety Commission approval .
The million bucks was well spent , as Mattel gained approval late last week to test its own toys in the sites listed above — just as the window for delayed enforcement closed .
Instead of winding up hurting , Mattel now has a cost advantage on mandatory testing , and a handy new government - sponsored barrier to entry for its competitors .
I ’m of two minds on this .
First of all , I find it revolting that , as the headline of the above - quoted post @ Reason points out , it was Mattel ’s toys that got everyone riled up and now it ’s Mattel getting the exemption .
I know exactly how government regulation works , and it ’s nearly universal that regulation protects incumbents by increasing the cost of doing business for small competitors .
At the same time , though , I understand a bit about the advantages of economies of scale .
There are simply times where it makes more sense for large companies to have this testing in - house .
They have enough products to be designed and tested that they ’re going to save money by keeping it in - house .
Working in the electronics industry ( and having worked for small startups as well as major corporations ) , I know that in some cases the burden of third - party testing is large enough that you ca n’t test products iteratively during the design process , when you ’d like to .
Every time you send the product for testing , you ’re talking about thousands of dollars at a start , going up to very high numbers if you want to test to very stringent standards .
Large companies have the resources to test to a wide range of standards , because they sell enough product to amortize that cost .
Small companies simply can’t do this , so they opt for the minimum required testing ( by law or by their customer , depending on which is applicable ) , and often turn down business they can profitably produce to spec but ca n’t afford to profitably test to the requirements .
Mattel has both the economies of scale to afford outside testing , but further the economies of scale to bring that testing job in - house .
In fact , they likely are using existing in - house labs for much of the new testing requirements .
So yes , this requirement and exemption cost Mattel very little on an incremental basis , and costs their small competitors dearly .
This , however , is not an argument against Mattel — it ’s an argument against unnecessary and expensive mandatory testing .
It ’s an argument against regulatory capture and for individual freedom .
It ’s an argument towards the inherent goodness of man ( i.e. they do n’t want to make products that ’ll hurt their customers ) rather than considering companies by nature wicked and more concerned with profit than customer needs .
Mattel , being the company that produced bad product and who is now benefiting from the regulation makes for a great whipping boy .
They certainly deserve some scorn for both supporting this regulation with lobbying dollars and subsequently ensuring that it will affect their competitors more than themselves .
But at the end of the day , Mattel has no more desire to poison your kids with lead than mom & pop toymakers — one might remember that THEY discovered their problems in - house and THEY issued the recall of their products rather than wait for someone to be hurt .
The CPSIA is bad law .
Mattel , like most major corporations , uses the government to try to influence bad laws for their own benefit .
For that , do we have Mattel to blame , or do we point the finger at Washington ?
The Ugly Bush Stain may be indelible this time .
My jaw just hit the floor ... and then I staggered to a chair and collapsed .
Just ... read :
Graphic images that reveal the devastating impact of global warming in the Arctic have been released by the US military .
The photographs , taken by spy satellites over the past decade , confirm that in recent years vast areas in high latitudes have lost their ice cover in summer months .
The pictures , kept secret by Washington during the presidency of George W Bush , were declassified by the White House last week .
President Barack Obama is currently trying to galvanise Congress and the American public to take action to halt catastrophic climate change caused by rising levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
One particularly striking set of images - selected from the 1,000 photographs released - includes views of the Alaskan port of Barrow .
One , taken in July 2006 , shows sea ice still nestling close to the shore .
A second image shows that by the following July the coastal waters were entirely ice - free .
The photographs demonstrate starkly how global warming is changing the Arctic .
More than a million square kilometres of sea ice - a record loss - were missing in the summer of 2007 compared with the previous year .
Nor has this loss shown any sign of recovery
The
has already taken steps to tackle America 's flagging scientific lead
The president 's economic recovery plan allotted $ 170 m ( £ 100 m ) to help close the gaps in climate modelling .
' Not Islamic ' Danish Conservatives Call for Burqa Ban
The immigration spokesman for Denmark 's Conservative Party is calling for a ban on the wearing of burqas in public .
He says the garment was introduced by the Taliban and is " not Islamic at all . "
Tue ,
14/07/2009 - 12:22pm
Today I was down in Sheung Wan , the dried seafood area of Hong Kong , to shoot a small feature on crocodile meat .
On the way there I passed by a small shop on Wing Lok Street which had a sign in it 's window advertising to buy gallstones , ( a friend had wrongly tipped me off that they were out to buy gall bladders ! ) .
Apparently they are only after cow , not human gall stones , as I was assured by the friendly shop owner with a smile on his face and his arm draped around my shoulder .
It seems that cow gall stones are the size of a golf ball and yellow in colour , but he did n't have any to show me as they were " all packed away " .
According to him , crushed and powdered cow gall stones are used in Chinese medicine to improve liver function .
Uncouth Adventures from the Book of Dirty
Kennedy , 59 Seats and the Next Five Months
By Chris Cillizza and Paul Kane
One of the stark political realities of Ted Kennedy 's death is that Senate Democrats ' long coveted 60 - seat , filibuster - proof majority is on hold for the foreseeable future as Massachusetts voters prepare for a special election to replace the legendary Democratic senator .
In truth , Kennedy 's infirmity -- he had n't voted since April -- and the long - term absence of Sen. Robert Byrd ( D - W.Va . ) due to illness , in addition to the renegade nature of some of the more moderate elements within the party , have long made the idea of a filibuster - proof majority more theory than reality .
But Kennedy 's death cements Democrats ' inability to push through legislation by sheer force of numbers alone unless , as Kennedy himself suggested , Massachusetts legislators change state law to allow Gov. Deval Patrick to appoint a temporary successor for the five - month period before a special election can be held .
One source familiar with negotiations in the state legislature suggests that some momentum appears to be building behind changing the law to allow Patrick to appoint a seat warmer .
If true , that would represent a major shift from last week when the idea of changing the state law at Kennedy 's request seemed to be headed nowhere .
Watch to see if Democratic leaders in Washington -- led by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( Nev. ) -- agitate for the law change , knowing that without it they will have to recruit at least one Republican in order to pass any bill .
It remains to be seen how much influence Reid or even the White House could have over the Massachusetts state legislature given that that chamber 's popularity numbers have dipped in recent months and that state legislative bodies tend to be far more parochial -- taking a " how does this affect me " attitude -- in their approach toward governing decisions .
It 's also not clear whether Patrick , badly damaged politically and facing a serious reelection race next fall , will put himself on the line to push for the law change .
He voiced support for such a law change during an interview with WBUR radio on Wednesday morning , calling it " entirely reasonable " and saying he would sign a bill if one reached his desk .
Still , voicing support and going out to rally support are two far different things .
Assuming state law , which mandates a special election be held between 145 and 160 days after the seat is officially declared vacant , remains untouched , the impact on Capitol Hill will be that any legislation that moves through the chamber will have to possess at least the patina of bipartisanship , perhaps following the model used in passage of the economic stimulus bill where three Republicans -- Arlen Specter ( Pa. ) , Olympia Snowe ( Maine ) and Susan Collins ( Maine ) -- joined with a united Democratic party to bring the bill to the floor .
At the committee level , it 's unclear who will succeed Kennedy as chairman at the Health , Education , Labor and Pensions ( HELP ) committee as his responsibilities have been divided among several senior members of the committee since the senator 's brain cancer diagnosis in May 2008 .
Next in line in committee seniority is Kennedy 's closest friend in the Senate , Christopher J. Dodd ( D - Conn . ) , who shepherded the health - care legislation through the HELP committee in June and July .
Dodd , however , already chairs the banking committee , a gavel he would have to give up in order to take up the legislative legacy of Kennedy .
Dodd 's banking committee has placed him in the spotlight of the most intense legislative battles of the last year , including housing legislation in the summer of 2008 , the $ 700 billion bailout of the financial industry and an ongoing effort to rewrite the regulatory makeup of federal agencies overseeing banks and financial services industry .
Dodd told reporters Wednesday that he would ponder his options over the coming days .
" I have n't given that a second 's worth of thought , " he said of assuming Kennedy 's chairmanship .
" I really do n't have an answer to that really . "
If Dodd were to pass on taking the HELP chairmanship , it would likely fall to Sen. Barbara Mikulski ( D - Md. ) .
She has already been overseeing the education portfolio of that panel in Kennedy 's stead , and she led the passage of major reforms to Pell grants last year .
If Dodd does take Kennedy 's chairmanship , that sets up a key decision for Democrats about who succeeds him at the banking committee .
Behind Dodd in seniority is Sen. Tim Johnson ( D - S.D. ) , who returned to the chamber after suffering a brain aneurysm in December 2006 .
Next in line after Johnson is Sen. Jack Reed ( D - R.I. ) .
Back in Massachusetts , the special election field remains unsettled as lawmakers and other aspiring politicians are loathe to comment on their own interest in the seat so soon after Kennedy 's passing .
That said , Kennedy 's long illness has allowed a number of would - be candidates to begin positioning themselves for the race .
Couple that with the fact that sitting politicians would not need to give up their seats to run and the Democratic field is likely to be large .
At the top of that field is state Attorney General Martha Coakley who has previously conducted polling to test her viability as a Senate candidate .
Coakley could have two advantages in a short special election : she might well be the lone woman in the field and she has run and won statewide before , giving her a broader political network and higher name identification that several of the other candidates .
Two sitting members of Congress -- Reps. Stephen Lynch and Michael Capuano -- are also expected to run .
Lynch will rely heavily on his strong support among labor unions and his geographic base in blue - collar South Boston while Capuano will run as the Cambridge candidate , a strong base of intellectual and financial support in a Democratic primary .
Former Rep. Marty Meehan , who now serves as the chancellor at UMass - Lowell , also has to be considered a serious candidate as he was gearing up for a run in the event Sen.
John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) was elected president in 2004 .
Meehan is sitting on nearly $ 5 million in his House account , which could be transferred directly into a Senate account , and almost certainly would run as the outsider candidate -- using his strong voice for campaign finance reform in Congress as a springboard .
The possibility of either Rep. Barney Frank or Ed Markey running is tough to calculate as both men have coveted chairmanship slots in the House .
Frank , as chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , is at the center of nearly every domestic policy debate in the country at the moment and may not be interested in taking a five month hiatus to run for higher office .
Markey , who seemed set to run for the Kerry opening in 2004 , has since been named by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( Calif . ) as the chair of the Select Committee for Energy Independence and Global Warming and , as a result , might well be less likely to join the fray .
The true x- factor in any special election calculation is whether anyone with the last name " Kennedy " decides to run .
Ted Kennedy 's widow , Vicki , seems entirely uninterested in following her husband into office although if she changed her mind it would likely be a coronation for her .
Joe Kennedy II , who left Congress in 1998 after a decade in the chamber , is more of a possibility although his controversial divorce and dealings with Venezuelan over oil likely ensure he would not have the field to himself .
In honor of the birth of NASCAR Jesus , we have put together this gallery of sports Jesuses .
Turns out Jesus saves .
And swings .
And catches .
And bicycle kicks .
And refs karate matches .
Check out the gallery below .
And remember , the Good Lord does have a sense of humor .
Just because Jesus wears a crown of thorns does n’t mean it wo n’t sting like crazy when someone kicks him in the shins .
Soccer Jesus provides a safe example for us all .
Check out the form on the bicycle kick , just like Pele in “ Victory , ” or me walking through a wet lobby .
With no defenders in sight , Jesus could easily take the ball in himself for the score , but instead he flips it to the kid whose school could not afford to buy him real football pants .
This photo actually hangs in my parents ’ house .
What ’s the one thing Jesus and Allen Iverson have in common ?
Both are huge , huge ball hogs .
Give up the rock , Basketball Jesus !
By playing hockey against 11 - year - olds half his size , Hockey Jesus is able to teach children the virtue of suffering .
Check out the eye - of - the - tiger look on Jesus ’ face .
He ’s in it to win it .
One of these children is destined to avenge Sensei Jesus ’ death .
The other one will run the rope line at Pure .
I ’m pretty sure the kid in the orange shirt is going straight to hell .
So totally unfair to the other team .
This is how Protestantism started .
No one knows what Jesus did from ages 12 to 30 .
Now we know .
And now we know why the Catholic Church does n’t want you to know .
You better believe Dan Brown is all over this .
When Jesus returns , his first act will be to save the NHL .
This will prove to the world that he truly is the son of God .
Are all the fat kids gone ?
Good .
Slim , you ’re going to pass it to Skinny , who will send it over to Twiggy …
The Associated Press
Saints top receiver Michael Thomas returned to practice on Wednesday for the first time since injuring his ankle in New Orleans ' season - opening victory over Tampa Bay on Sept. 13 .
The Saints , who visit Detroit on Sunday , have lost both games Thomas has missed , falling to 1 - 2 and into second place in the NFC South Division .
Thomas , who has been named All - Pro the past two seasons , set an NFL single season record in 2019 with 149 catches .
There are areas that get lots of rain and others that get different types of weather .
No matter what ’s in your area , you have to protect yourself against problems and dangerous situations .
Where to Look
If you already do business with a major company , like State Farm or Allstate , you can probably just visit with your local agent to see what they recommend you get for your home .
You must know the value of your home and how much you owe the bank to be able to see a plan that can actually work well for you , so make sure you have that information handy when you go in to talk to someone .
If you do n’t already have an agent , you can review all the information online on major insurance company websites .
You can just put a few pieces of data into a form and you should be able to get quotes and assessments pertinent to your area .
Either way is acceptable for a Delaware home insurance comparison .
The idea is to get all the quotes you can or to review at least a handful of policies .
This will give you a better understanding of what you can choose from and what will work with your budget .
You do n’t want to get a policy that you ca n’t afford , even if it offers the best protection because it wo n’t do you any good if you ca n’t pay the bill to protect your home .
Furthermore , you can upgrade your policy every year or two so that you can always get more coverage when you can afford it or if you feel you need more .
Conclusion
There ’s nothing wrong with doing your own Delaware home insurance comparison .
It ’s actually one of the smartest things you can do when you want to get a good deal and you will know exactly what your policy will be able to protect you from .
Whether you purchase the policy from a familiar agent or online is up to you .
( CNN ) --
The driver who collided with a vehicle driven by Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps will be cited for failure to stop at a red light , police said Friday .
Michael Phelps ' black Cadillac Escalade collided with another vehicle at an intersection , police say .
But the gold medal winner will also be cited -- for failure to present a valid driver 's license and for failure to establish a Maryland residency and obtain a Maryland driver 's license -- in connection with his involvement Thursday in a car wreck , police said Friday .
At the scene , he presented a Michigan driver 's license , which police determined " was not valid , " said Baltimore , Maryland , police spokesman Anthony Guglielmi .
Phelps was driving one of two vehicles that collided at an intersection about 9 p.m. , Guglielmi said .
The female driver of the second vehicle was transported to a local hospital as a precaution , Guglielmi said .
Phelps and his two passengers were uninjured .
Video from CNN affiliate WBAL showed Phelps ' black Cadillac Escalade at the crash site .
Watch wrecked cars at the intersection »
Phelps won a record eight gold medals at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing , China .
Earlier this year , he was suspended from organized competitive swimming after a photo of him holding a bong -- a device commonly used to smoke marijuana -- surfaced in February .
CNN 's Scott Spoerry contributed to this report .
All About Michael Phelps
A Utah attorney claims the FBI edited some security camera videotapes from the morning of the Oklahoma City bombing before releasing the recordings to him .
" Four cameras in four different locations going blank at basically the same time on the morning of April 19 , 1995 .
There ai n’t no such thing as a coincidence , ” Jesse Trentadue told The Associated Press Sunday .
" The interesting thing is they spring back on after 9:02 , ” he said .
" The absence of footage from these crucial time intervals is evidence that there is something there that the FBI does n’t want anybody to see . ”
Trentadue is conducting a personal inquiry into the attack .
Trentadue made similar statements to The Oklahoman in the weeks before giving the newspaper copies of the security camera recordings .
He provided them because of their historical value .
The recordings cover hours .
The Oklahoman Sunday put online excerpts from the recordings from cameras at Southwestern Bell and the public library .
None of the recordings show the bomb truck exploding outside the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building at 9:02 a.m .
A review of the tapes by The Oklahoman shows some cameras , like the one at the library , clearly record the moment of the explosion .
Some do not .
A tape from the Regency Tower , an apartment building west of the Murrah Building , turns to static .
The time on the Regency Tower tape is 9 a.m.
A Southwestern Bell tape skips a few seconds and also goes black briefly .
The time on that tape is 8:59 a.m. and 9 a.m .
However , many clocks on the tapes are slower than the actual time and the glitches could be from the explosion itself .
Trentadue began looking into the bombing after his brother , Kenneth Trentadue , died at the Oklahoma City Federal Transfer Center in August 1995 .
The brother was never a bombing suspect , but Jesse Trentadue alleges guards mistook his brother for one and beat him to death during an interrogation .
A reporter takes an intimate look at North Korean teenagers adjusting to life in the South .
ANSONG , South Korea - Gwak Jong Moon , principal of the Hangyoreh Middle High School for North Korean defectors , in his office , July 2009 .
By Sarah Jackson -Han
ANSONG , South Korea —
“ Do you like kimchi ? ”
The question comes from a petite 16 - year - old with a ponytail , a wide warm smile , and a long brown t- shirt that says UCLA Phys Ed in pink letters .
For a moment , I am stuck .
The pickled cabbage dish — the de facto national food of North and South Korea — is something I eat to be polite on rare occasions and in deliberately small quantities .
But there ’s more at stake here than what I want for dinner .
A colleague and I have driven for two hours from the center of the South Korean capital , Seoul , to the Hangyoreh Middle High School , a boarding school for teenagers who have defected from reclusive , tightly closed North Korea to make a new life in the capitalist South .
Some 16,000 North Koreans have fled to South Korea , most in the last few years , driven for the most part by hunger , poverty , and extreme repression .
Many have suffered enormous trauma both in North Korea and en route here through China and other third countries .
Most are physically stunted from lack of food in North Korea , and all lag far behind their South Korean peers academically .
Not only is the North Korean curriculum focused on glorifying the Stalinist regime , counselors say , but — as food shortages have continued — many teachers have simply abandoned their classes to buy and sell on the black market .
A huge number of North Korean defectors are also said to suffer from post - traumatic stress disorder .
Rates of unemployment , alcoholism , divorce , and domestic violence run high .
None of this is readily apparent to visitors at Hangyoreh , where students can stay for a year while they adjust to life in South Korea and try to catch up academically .
Later on , they get preferential treatment in applying to South Korean colleges and universities — although their dropout rate remains high .
Today , we ’ve spent several hours with Hangyoreh ’s principal and several students , including the friendly , ponytailed girl who is now leading me to the school dining hall for dinner .
She and her schoolmates ca n’t be photographed or identified in any way for fear of retribution against their families by North Korean authorities , and we agreed to avoid questions about their personal backgrounds or the routes they took to get here .
This girl has asked me to identify her only as Park , and she says her parents were officials in North Korea .
She hates math , loves her MP3 player , and works as a broadcaster in the school ’s media center .
She intensely dislikes gossip , and she loves her friends .
Park also plays the recorder at school , and when I tell her my own daughter likes to make people laugh by playing the recorder with her nose , she bursts out in giggles .
She wants to be a lawyer , she says , “ because I like sticking my nose into other people ’s business . ”
She and her schoolmates share a dim view of the United States , a frequent target of North Korea ’s vitriolic propaganda .
They see Washington as a self - important bully — a “ colonial invader , ” as one of them puts it –and they all want North and South Korea to unify into a single , more powerful country that Americans will respect .
“ Black people and white people hate each other in America , ” Park says , by way of explaining her views .
" But I want to live there because it is a melting pot . "
When I tell her that this is no longer the case , and that U.S. President Barack Obama is the son of an African father and a Caucasian mother , she is genuinely surprised .
U.S. views
A young North Korean defector waves from a bus on its way to Seoul , Mar. 18 , 2002 .
AFP
The kids ask me what Americans think of North Korea , and I weigh my words carefully .
Americans , I tell them , are like people all over the world in thinking mainly about their own immediate surroundings .
But those who do think about North Korea understand that North Koreans love their families just as much as everyone else does , I explain .
They appreciate Korea ’s unique and ancient culture .
They also think the North Korean government is far too tough on its own people , who lack any freedom whatsoever to think , speak , or act for themselves , and who risk years at hard labor for any perceived slight against the government .
The students nod , having just told me how shocked they were on arriving in South Korea to hear people cursing and railing against their own government .
Now they find it funny .
They were also shocked , they say , by the height of South Korean buildings , and by the heavy air pollution in Seoul .
“ The air is so much cleaner in North Korea , ” says another 16 - year - old girl , who asked to be identified as Lee .
There are moments of intense sadness , the students say , such as when they eat a good meal and can think only of their relatives back in North Korea who have gone hungry for 15 years .
As many as two million North Koreans — up to one - twelfth of the population — are believed to have died since the mid-1990s from hunger and related illnesses .
Sometimes , they say , the girls cry uncontrollably when school staff present them with birthday cakes .
Many of the students spent long , lonely years fending for themselves in China as they made their way to South Korea , and they ’ve never seen a birthday cake before .
Kindness from friends
But the students are kind to each other here , they say , and for them , this is something new .
“ We ’ve all shared the same experiences , so we ’re close friends , ” Kim , a 20 - year - old male student , tells us .
In North Korea , the popular kids “ are the ones who can beat people up — they ’re not popular because they they ’re smart , or good at sports , or anything like that , ” Park says .
“ It ’s all about the power of the fist . ”
“ Students like the strong kids because they can offer protection , ” Kim adds .
Hangyoreh ’s tall , pensive principal , Gwak Jong Moon , interrupts us to say it ’s time for dinner , and the students invite us to join them .
Park , smiling happily , leads me to the dining hall , whose large picture windows open onto wide green gardens below .
She gestures that I should help myself from the serving dishes , and then asks apprehensively , “ Do you like kimchi ? ”
I hesitate , but only for a second .
“ Yes , ” I tell her .
“ I love kimchi .
Many Americans love kimchi . ”
She breaks into a wide smile .
“ Me too . ”
Ruby MacDonald , 65 , put her retirement plans on hold indefinitely .
Recovery or recession on Main Street View photos Conflicting economic data show either the beginning of an economic recovery or a worsening recession .
These CNNMoney.com readers are using their own leading indicators .
Quick Vote
Are homes affordable where you live ?
Yes , thanks to the housing bust .
Yes , always have been .
No , they 're still too pricey .
or View results
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Retirement dreams are quickly fading for thousands of older workers , as the severe market losses that ravaged once - healthy retirement accounts over the last year force many seniors to work longer .
There were 430,000 people age 65 and over actively looking for work in June , a whopping 46 % increase from a year ago , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
Many who once expected to retire at 62 now expect to work until at least 65 , said Sara Rix , a policy analyst with AARP 's Public Policy Institute .
A need for money was the most common culprit cited by workers surveyed by the AARP .
" A lot of people who thought their funds would carry them into their golden years are being forced to work , " said Ford Myers , president of Career Potential , LLC , a Pennsylvania - based career consulting firm , and author of the book , " Get the Job You Want , Even When No One 's Hiring . "
" If they already have a job , then it 's a little bit easier , " he added , but for those trying to find a job or get back into the work force after retiring , " it 's a lot more challenging . "
For seniors age 65 and older who are out of work and in need of a job , these are the worst times on record .
The unemployment rate for people actively looking for work within that age group jumped to an all - time high of 6.8 % in June , up from 6.1 % in May .
While the unemployment rate for older workers is below the national average , that number likely does not count many displaced and discouraged workers who are far more likely than younger ones to drop out of the labor force when they lose their jobs , according to Rix .
And at a time when nearly a tenth of the general population is out of a job , issues like age discrimination , out - of - date skill sets and r�sum� gaps can make it even tougher for seniors to get hired .
Once unemployed , older workers tend to stay out of work longer than their younger counterparts , according to BLS .
Getting back in the game
In order for Ruby MacDonald , 65 , to find a job , she had to reinvent herself -- as a freshman .
MacDonald has been a nurse for 32 years but retirement is still a distant goal .
" I thought about retiring but with the market the way it was I could n't afford that , " she said .
Instead , MacDonald got a bachelor 's degree and then a master 's to boost her viability in the job market .
" If I was going to stay in nursing and not be forced to retire , then I needed to get my master 's , " she said .
" With the competitive market for nurses I knew I needed some credibility and more background as far as education went . "
MacDonald finished her master of science in nursing online from Excelsior College in December and was hired shortly after as the chief nursing officer at Laredo Medical Center in Texas .
" It is tough out there in this job market and I was scared of looking for work at my age , " she said , but " I was so excited when I was offered this position . "
According to Bill Stewart , assistant vice president for institutional advancement at Excelsior , there has been an increase in the number of people over 60 going back for a degree in order to stay competitive in the job market .
In addition to bulking up on schooling , Cynthia Shapiro , career coach and author of " What Does Somebody Have to Do to Get a Job Around Here ? " , advises other seniors struggling to find a job to emphasize the upside that more years of experience can bring , such as extensive contacts , a better work ethic and a higher level of responsibility .
" Sell the idea that you'd be a terrific mentor , " echoed Dan King , principal of Career Planning and Management in Boston .
And do n't underestimate the importance of being tech savvy , he added .
That 's one area where employers may assume younger competitors have an advantage in the market place , the career experts said .
But older workers may have to scale back their expectations , Shapiro warned .
" If you 've been in the industry for 30 or more years , then you should be earning at the top level , but not in this economy . "
Unique species on the Galápagos Islands are under threat from mosquitoes introduced by tourist planes and boats , according to research published today .
The southern house mosquito , Culex quinquefasciatus , capable of carrying West Nile fever and avian malaria , is being transported from mainland Ecuador and breeding with existing populations on the islands , prompting fears of disease outbreaks .
The Galápagos giant tortoise and marine iguana , which are unique to the archipelago , may now be at risk , say scientists from the University of Leeds and the Zoological Society of London ( ZSL ) , who carried out the research in conjunction with the Galápagos national park and Charles Darwin Foundation .
Endemic birds , including the waved albatross , red - footed booby and flightless cormorant , may also be vulnerable .
Dr Simon Goodman , from Leeds University , said that while fumigation measures had been introduced on planes , their success had yet to be evaluated .
He said that to prevent the mosquito spreading both cargo and tourists boats should also be regularly treated with insecticide and boat lights changed to ones less likely to attract flying insects .
The Galápagos – an archipelago of volcanic islands in the Pacific ocean – are particularly well - known for their huge number of endemic species , and the number of visitors to the island chain has increased from 40,000 in 1990 to more than 170,000 last year .
Tourism is a major source of income for the Galápagos and Ecuador .
In 2007 there were 2,194 flights to the islands , and an estimated 363,000 passenger days on boats .
" Few tourists realise the irony that their trip to the Galápagos may actually increase the risk of an ecological disaster , " said Goodman .
Arnaud Bataille , a Leeds - ZSL PhD student , said : " Our research consisted of looking for insects in aircraft holds and genetic analysis of the mosquito populations .
The former allows us to quantify the arrival rates of mosquitoes on aeroplanes , and the latter allows us to estimate how many survive and spread around the islands once in Galápagos .
" On average the number of mosquitoes per aeroplane is low , but many aircraft arrive each day from the mainland in order to service the tourist industry , and the mosquitoes seem able to survive and breed once they leave the plane . "
The introduction of the southern house mosquito to Hawaii in the 19th century devastated the islands ' endemic birds .
Goodman added : " That we have n't already seen serious disease impacts in Galápagos is probably just a matter of luck .
The Ecuadorian government recently introduced a requirement for all aircraft flying to Galápagos to have insecticide treatment , but the effectiveness has n't yet been evaulated , and similiar measures still need to be introduced for ships .
" With tourism growing so rapidly , the future of Galápagos hangs on the ability of the Ecuadorian government to maintain stringent biosecurity protection for the islands . "
Earlier this year , on the 200th anniversary of the birth of Charles Darwin – who developed his theory of evolution after visiting the islands – the Darwin Foundation warned that an ecological disaster might only be a decade away .
The influx of visitors has caused a sharp spike in alien species , which now seriously threaten the fragile ecosystem of the island chain .
In 1900 just 112 alien species were recorded , compared with 1,321 in 2007 .
While programmes are already in place to remove pests such as feral goats , pigs , cats and dogs , insects such as mosquitoes and the fire ants that have also been imported to the island are more difficult to eradicate .
Andrew Cunningham , a senior scientist at ZSL said : " Our research has shown that everything is in place for a similiar disaster to occur in Galápagos as occurred in Hawaii . "
2010 Chevrolet Camaro - Click above for high - res image gallery
Sales of the born - again Chevrolet Camaro have been notably strong in its first few months on the market here in the United States , even beating its longtime crosstown rival from Ford in June and July Now , word comes from General Motors Asia Pacific that the Bowtie 's latest muscle car is a hit ( of sorts ) in Japan as well .
We must qualify the term " hit , " as the car 's total number of takers in Japan is very small , at " over 120 orders " – we could see at least that many within eyesight at any given time last weekend at the Woodward Dream Cruise .
However , that 's reportedly the American automaker 's quota for Japan , although it is n't clear if the tiny allotment is part of General Motors ' brand strategy or if the volume is limited by local government regulations .
Either way , if you live in Japan and you want a new Camaro , you 'd better put your name on Chevy 's list for next year .
According to Inside Line , the new Camaro is expected to sell in Japan for the equivalent of $ 45,325 to $ 56,390 , depending on the buyer 's choice of either the six - cylinder or muscular V8 powerplant .
A new report in the Washington Post reveals that some interrogators threatened to quit over harsh methods used in interrogations .
Joby Warrick talks with MSNBC ’s Chris Jansen .
“ There was some push and pull that came from surprising places within the CIA as the interrogation program was going forward , including from some of the interrogators themselves whose resistance to things like sleep deprivation and nudity in the beginning — and when waterboarding started some interrogators revolted and said , after four , five days , they refused to do this , some threatened to quit , ” explained Warrick .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC ’s News Live , broadcast July 19 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Microsoft 's move comes amid growing interest in executive pay
Software giant Microsoft is to allow shareholders to vote on the pay of its board members , although their votes will not be binding .
The US firm said shareholders would be allowed to vote on the issue every three years , starting at the 2009 annual general meeting on 19 November .
Microsoft 's move comes amid growing pressure in the US for firms to cut down on excessive pay deals for bosses .
Politicians in Washington are looking at legislating over the issue .
' More dialogue '
Microsoft said that while it would not be bound by any shareholder vote , if there was a significantly " negative " call , it would " consult directly with shareholders to better understand the concerns that influenced the vote . "
The US House of Representatives approved a bill in the summer to give shareholders annual non-binding votes on executive pay , but the legislation has stalled since then .
While the focus of politicians ' ire is the banking sector , concern regarding excessive pay has spread to firms in other sectors of the economy .
" Given the interest in executive pay , we think it makes sense to encourage more dialogue with our shareholders on our compensation approach , " said Brad Smith , Microsoft general counsel .
Microsoft is not known for its huge pay packets , but its executives have become millionaires through owning shares in the firm .
While the basic pay of chief executive Steve Ballmer is $ 665,833 ( £ 409,000 ) this year , he owns Microsoft shares worth more than $ 10bn .
Jacksonville Insurance Adjuster
When disaster strikes your business , filing an insurance claim to compensate for your loss is the obvious response .
As a policyholder , you have the right to work with a claims expert who has your best interests at heart by requesting the services of a public Jacksonville insurance adjuster .
Keys Claims Consultants , LLC will support you throughout the entire insurance claims process .
Repairs to renovations and replacement of items , as well as lost wages and displacement , we ensure that every item covered by your policy is completely and accurately accounted for and reimbursed by your insurance company to the fullest extent .
We can even analyze your policy to ensure you are taking advantage of the other benefits available to you , such as rental space , cleaning crews , and other services that many business and homeowners simply do n’t consider when dealing with the stress of a disaster , loss , or damage to their property .
Our Jacksonville , FL team is well - acquainted in negotiating even the most difficult insurance carriers .
The sooner in the process you involve one of our public insurance adjusters , the greater the opportunity for us to get you a full and fair settlement , as covered by the insurance policy .
Call Keys Claims Consultants , LLC at ( 844 ) 979-3223 for your Free Consultation !
Expert Commercial Public Insurance Adjusters
At Keys Claims Consultants , LLC , we specialize in assisting business owners with handling the entire insurance claims process .
Engaging with a public insurance claims adjuster early in the process helps to ensure you get all of the benefits your policy provides , as well as offers you a streamlined , less stressful experience .
As professionals , we understand the techniques and tactics insurance companies employ to minimize their risk and reduce your payout , and we are trained to identify and avoid those pitfalls .
Our team of insurance claim experts can :
Analyze Policy Documents
Identify Relevant Benefits
Assess Full Range of Damages
Uncover Related & Secondary Damages
Assist with Paperwork & Claim Filing
Represent You In Claim Negotiations
Fight Claim Denials
If you choose to work directly with the claims adjuster that the insurance company assigns to your case , then you will be working with someone who is getting paid by the insurance company to protect their interests , not yours .
As public claims adjusters , we are always on your side , working hard to get the benefits and compensation you are rightfully owed to restore your business to pre-loss conditions .
REQUEST A CONSULTATION
Public Insurance Adjusters with Integrity
Integrity is at the core of the systematic approach we use when assisting our clients .
All policyholders are treated with utmost sincerity and given the high - quality service that is synonymous with Keys Claims Consultants , LLC .
Our goal is not to “ stick it to the insurance companies . ”
Our goal is to hold those companies accountable to the agreement that they made with you when they offered to become your insurance provider .
Our goal is to get you the rightful compensation that you deserve , as outlined in that agreement .
Reach out to our claim experts as soon as you realize that damage or loss has occurred .
This allows us to immediately begin assessing the damages and reviewing your policy documentation to familiarize ourselves with your unique situation .
We can alert you to what is and is n’t covered , and assist you with making smart decisions regarding remediation , replacement , and repairs so that you can receive appropriate reimbursement on any covered service or loss .
We are your ambassador in the insurance claims process , fighting to get the compensation you deserve .
We are detailed investigators , extensively reviewing both your policy and any related damages or loss that you incur .
For rightful , accurate compensation for your residential or commercial insurance claims , trust Keys Claims Consultants , LLC to be your partner and representative .
REQUEST A CONSULTATION
Let ’s Talk - Free Consultation
Your public Jacksonville insurance adjusters , Keys Claims Consultants , LLC is dedicated and motivated to ensure you are treated fairly by insurance companies and are awarded your rightful compensation for your damage claims .
If your home or business has been impacted by a storm , fire or smoke damage , vandalism , theft , collapse , or any other damage that causes you damage or loss , the first call you need to make is to us .
Call Keys Claims Consultants , LLC at ( 844 ) 979-3223 for your Free Consultation !
metrix007 points out a story in the Sunday Express with more surveillance - camera madness from the UK , where the government now wants to place 20,000 CCTV cameras to monitor families ( " the worst families in England " ) within their own homes , to make sure that " kids go to bed on time and eat healthy meals and the like .
This is going too far , and hopefully will not pass .
Where will it end ? "
Dan Hornbuckle ’s Head Kick Knocks Akihiro Gono Into Another World
Total Pro Sports – World Victory Road ’s “ Sengoku Ninth Battle ” took place at the Saitama Super Arena in Japan , but when it was all over , Dan Hornbuckle had Akihiro Gono feeling like he got knocked into an entirely different universe .
It did n’t have the flair of Marcus Aurelio‘s Capoeira kick KO , or the speed of Steve Ramirez ‘s three second victory , but Hornbuckle definitely made a case for himself for knockout of the year .
Do n’t think so ?
Just ask Gono , although you may have to wait a while until he actually gains consciousness again .
It all starts when Gono throws a rather weak front kick .
Hornbucklegrabs a hold of the leg , which causes Gono to lose balance .
As he tries to regain his footing , he is greeted with a devastating foot to the face .
As you would expect after taking suck a strike , Gono hits the mat like a ton of bricks .
Luckily Hornbuckle did not pull a Dan Henderson and throw in an extra shot .
Gono suffered a concussion , possible brain hemorrhaging , and damage to his neck , but is expected to make a full recovery .
If he wants to avoid making another YouTube classic KO , he may want to consider avoiding kicks to the head next time .
Hat Tip – [ FanHouse ]
Share This
North Korea fired off a pair of short - range missiles today — Reuters is now reporting a third — and speculation now centers on whether Pyongyang is planning a more dramatic test of a long - range missile that could , in theory , reach Hawaii .
Three years ago , North Korea ratcheted up tensions in the region with a series of missile tests , including the launch of a long - range Taepodong - 2 ballistic missile .
That Taepodong - 2 launch was a failure :
The missile cracked up less than a minute after launch , but the North Koreans continued to pursue intercontinental ballistic missile technology .
So can we count on a repeat performance this Fourth of July ?
According to Bloomberg 's Tony Capaccio , do n't count on it .
Capaccio spoke with unnamed government officials who are tracking North Korea 's launch preparations , and they say that " there are no signs of the work necessary to launch a long - range missile during the U.S. July 4 Independence Day celebration . "
Still , it 's worth taking a look at how North Korea 's missile program has progressed .
David Wright and Theodore Postol recently published an analysis of the country 's April test of the Unha - 2 , a satellite launch vehicle , in the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists .
Wright and Postol note that parts of the missile were of Russian origin :
The first stage , they argue , uses a cluster of four Nodong engines , which are " scaled - up " versions of the engine used in Russian / Soviet - origin Scud - B missiles .
The second stage , they say , looks identical to the single - stage Soviet R - 27 sea-launched ballistic missile .
The bad news ?
The Unha - 2 " represents a significant advance over North Korea 's previous launchers " and it could potentially reach the continental United States if it modified for use as a ballistic missile .
The good news ?
The long - range missile " appears to be constructed from components that probably were n't manufactured in North Korea . "
In other words , they will sooner or later run out of missile parts , provided that sanctions remain in place .
[ PHOTO : Wikimedia ]
See Also :
It looks like GamesCom is going to be an even bigger event than we originally thought .
Independent Japanese developer Game Republic is set to make not one , but two major announcements at the famed German gaming event .
However , Folklore and Genji fans should n’t get their hopes up .
Their titles are supposedly being published by Namco Bandai , which means a sequel to Sony ’s IP most likely is n’t going to happen at this point .
Game Republic was founded by Yoshiki Okamoto of Street Fighter II fame , so the titles they ’re planning to reveal will most likely be fairly impressive .
As always , stay tuned on PlayStation LifeStyle for all your gaming news !
[ Via / Source ]
Few in the scientific community would debate Darwinian theory , but evolution is far from universally accepted among the public at large .
While 87 % of scientists say humans and other living things have evolved as the result of processes such as natural selection , only a third of the public agrees .
Another 22 % of the public say humans have evolved , but “ a supreme being guided the evolution of living things for the purpose of creating humans and other life in the form it exists today . ”
Three - in - ten Americans say humans and other living things have existed in their present form since the beginning of time , a belief shared by only 2 % of scientists .
Younger adults , ages 18 to 29 ( 40 % ) , and the college educated ( 45 % ) are the most likely to believe in evolution , but in neither group does a majority agree .
The only group in which a majority says that humans evolved through natural - selection are the religiously unaffiliated ( 60 % ) .
Read More
Yesterday morning , Chris Martenson told us that we ’re being robbed by Goldman Sachs .
Which prompted me to do some of my own research , whereupon I discovered that the real victims of Goldman Sachs all meet the following criteria :
Not a current or former Goldman Sachs employee
I know : you already knew that Goldman Sachs is the Devil incarnate , because you read The Great American Bubble Machine ( loved it ! ) and then you saw some tin - foil - hat - wearing kook ’s videos on YouTube , right ?
But Martenson ’s account is not full of colorful metaphors or wild - eyed conspiracy theories ( not that there ’s anything wrong with either ) , instead , he paints the picture by numbers :
Trading losses [ for Goldman Sachs ] occurred on two days during the months of April , May and June [ 2009 ] .
Goldman Sachs took in a whopping $ 100 M + in daily revenue on forty - six separate days during 2Q 2009 .
An entire financial quarter , and a tumultuous one at that , during which GS brought in something like $ 5 billion and only lost money on two occasions .
This is statistically inconceivable , and lest you have any delusions about where that money is coming from , Martenson is quick to remind you :
the most probable source of these funds , the ultimate loser , is the taxpayer .
Shortly after the meltdown began , GS became a “ bank holding company ” which normally requires a greater capital reserve ( less risk ) and quickly received $ 63.6 billion worth of federal subsidies .
The decision to become a holding company is particularly noteworthy because the Bloomberg article that Martenson cites justifies Goldman ’s profits on account of their willingness to take risk that others would n’t .
But their positions as a “ bank holding company ” should be less risky , what with the higher reserve requirements , right ?
Wrong .
Goldman asked to be exempted from these rules , which the Fed granted without question .
So in a time when they should be shoring up their reserves , and playing conservatively , they continue to pile risk on top of risk with our hard - earned money .
And unless you know something I do n’t , you ’re not getting a dividend check in the mail .
To be fair , a number of other institutions ( e.g. , American Express ) filed to become “ holding companies ” in order to reap a slice of the Bailout Pie .
For what in God ’s creation they are using these funds , is ultimately anybody ’s guess .
The only certainty is that whatever money they get , regardless of whether or when they pay it back , is corporate fucking welfare , paid for by you and me .
Indeed , the taxpayers are big losers in this game , a game that Goldman Sachs has completely rigged .
We are underwriting their profits and absorbing their losses .
As I ’ve said before , “ the primary purpose of modern financial markets is to concentrate real economic power for the State and its beneficiaries . ”
None of the paper wealth which was miscast as “ growth ” in the past decade ever really existed .
Every last bit of it , every hour of labor , every ounce of resources that we foolishly consumed / destroyed while perpetrating the growth charade was economically destructive .
The rest of us understand this — and if we do n’t , our bank accounts do .
What ’s good for Goldman Sachs is good for Goldman Sachs , end of story .
Everyone else gets boned .
[ Justin Lemire - Elmore ] spent one month riding his electric bike across Canada last summer .
He made the journey from Vancouver to Halifax in 30 days using a mere $ 10 worth of electricity to recharge his bike .
He put together a rather bizarre looking semi-recumbent bicycle to hold all of his gear .
The motor controller , charge controller , battery packs , and lighting system were all his own design .
He has a captivating 2 hour presentation embedded below in which he describes all the problems he had with his equipment during the trip as well as all the great experiences the journey offered .
Our Mission is to expose the public to the enhanced world of Black Art by providing the availability of access to the best art the world has to offer .
The range and type of art we represent is as wide as any gallery in the country .
Originals , limited editions , posters , batiks , papyrus , and many other art forms are sold in the gallery .
We also feature collectibles from Miss Martha 's " All God 's Children " , Thomas Blackshear 's Ebony Visions and Brenda Joysmith Collectibles , as well as figurines by Annie Lee , Sandy Dolls and more .
Blues Bone
This is an old picture that I have had hidden under my bed forever !
It just so happens that this print , Blues Bone , is one of the rarest prints in the country !
Well , if you recognize this , then you really need to be giving us a call ...
We have an impressive collection of African Art pieces of various interests , from Masks and Wood - Carvings to Musical Instruments .
Some of my personal favorites are a collection of dolls that are handmade by women of Nigeria .
They are adorable and would make great gifts for both the little girls and big girls alike !
NASA Research Reveals Major Insight Into Evolution of Life on Earth
Humans might not be walking on Earth today if not for the ancient fusing of two microscopic , single - celled organisms called prokaryotes , NASA - funded research has found .
By comparing proteins present in more than 3000 different prokaryotes - a type of single - celled organism without a nucleus -- molecular biologist James A. Lake from the University of California at Los Angeles ' Center for Astrobiology showed that two major classes of relatively simple microbes fused together more than 2.5 billion years ago .
Lake 's research reveals a new pathway for the evolution of life on Earth .
These insights are published in the Aug. 20 online edition of the journal Nature .
This endosymbiosis , or merging of two cells , enabled the evolution of a highly stable and successful organism with the capacity to use energy from sunlight via photosynthesis .
Further evolution led to photosynthetic organisms producing oxygen as a byproduct .
The resulting oxygenation of Earth 's atmosphere profoundly affected the evolution of life , leading to more complex organisms that consumed oxygen , which were the ancestors of modern oxygen - breathing creatures including humans .
" Higher life would not have happened without this event , " Lake said .
" These are very important organisms .
At the time these two early prokaryotes were evolving , there was no oxygen in the Earth 's atmosphere .
Humans could not live .
No oxygen - breathing organisms could live .
" The genetic machinery and structural organization of these two organisms merged to produce a new class of prokaryotes , called double membrane prokaryotes .
As they evolved , members of this double membrane class , called cyanobacteria , became the primary oxygen - producers on the planet , generating enough oxygen to alter the chemical composition of the atmosphere and set the stage for the evolution of more complex organisms such as animals and plants .
" This work is a major advance in our understanding of how a group of organisms came to be that learned to harness the sun and then effected the greatest environmental change Earth has ever seen , in this case with beneficial results , " said Carl Pilcher , director of the NASA Astrobiology Institute at NASA 's Ames Research Center in Moffett Field , Calif. , which co-funded the study with the National Science Foundation in Arlington , Va. Founded in 1998 , the NASA Astrobiology Institute is a partnership between NASA , 14 U.S. teams and six international consortia .
The institute 's goals are to promote , conduct , and lead interdisciplinary astrobiology research ; train a new generation of astrobiology researchers ; and share the excitement of astrobiology with learners of all ages .
The institute is part of NASA 's Astrobiology Program in Washington .
The program supports research into the origin , evolution , distribution and future of life on Earth and the potential for life elsewhere .
For more information about the NASA 's Astrobiology Program and the institute , visit : http://astrobiology.nasa.gov
Many no -shows at unemployment meeting
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Many no-shows at unemployment meeting 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The state 's six - member Unemployment Insurance Appeals Board hastily called a meeting last week to discuss the governor 's criticisms that the board was n't working hard enough to clear a backlog of 82,500 cases .
But only two of the members managed to show .
The four other board members - all former state legislators making annual salaries of $ 128,109 - phoned it in .
Former Republican Assemblywoman Sharon Runner , wife of state Sen. George Runner , was at a cabin near Lake Tahoe ; George Plescia , the former Republican Assembly leader , was somewhere near his home in La Jolla ( San Diego County ) ; former Assemblywoman Cindy Montañez , the Democratic speaker 's appointee , was in Washington , D.C. ; and former Democratic state Sen.
Liz Figueroa was working out of an Oakland satellite office .
We should point out that neither Runner nor Montañez was scheduled to be working .
They called in anyway , according to the agency 's staff .
The two who did show up were former Republican Assemblywoman Bonnie Garcia , the board 's chairwoman , and Ann Richardson , a lawyer and former deputy to Gov. Gray Davis .
Ironically , one of Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger 's biggest complaints has been that staff judges who decide the appeals - as well as board members who have the final say - telecommute too much rather than showing up for work in person .
Double irony : Two of the phone callers - Runner and Plescia - were appointed by Schwarzenegger .
By the way , board members are n't buying the argument that telecommuting is responsible for the appeals cases piling up .
They blame the governor 's furlough program .
Hint , hint : Politicians usually do their best to avoid rehashing scandals , especially when they involve adultery .
Not Gavin Newsom .
The mayor - turned - gubernatorial candidate is going out of his way lately to recast his affair with Ruby Rippey - Tourk , his former staffer and then - wife of his chief political organizer , Alex Tourk .
" There 's a story that 's never been told , " Newsom said in a recent New York Times Magazine story on his gubernatorial run .
" Things were much more benign than they actually appeared in print . "
Newsom said much the same in a recent Fast Company magazine article .
When word of the affair first broke , Newsom called a news conference at City Hall .
He admitted to the affair , apologized , confessed to having a drinking problem and left without taking questions .
Rippey - Tourk , her ex-husband and Newsom have kept mum on the topic ever since .
So why bring it back up now ?
Those close to the mayor tell us Newsom has long felt victimized by how he was cast in the media .
Now that he 's running for higher office , Newsom is trying to rewrite history through innuendo .
As for Newsom 's claim of a story that has " never been told ? "
" The mayor addressed this topic in 2007 , and now for the sake of everyone involved he 's moving forward , " said mayoral spokesman Nathan Ballard .
And why is Newsom bringing it back up ?
" I 'm sticking with my first statement , " Ballard said .
Parking revolt :
The last big parking controversy to hit Oakland City Hall was the fight between council members Desley Brooks and Jean Quan over who got the primo spot next to the council offices .
Now , thanks to the council 's decision to increase meter rates , raise ticket prices and extend enforcement until 8 p.m. , parking has become the hottest issue in town .
" A customer gets a $ 55 ticket and they are not coming back , " said Grand Lake Theater owner Allen Michaan , leader of the movement to rescind the parking rules or recall the council .
City Councilwoman Pat Kernighan , whose Lake Merritt shopping district is ground zero for the ticket blitz , said her office has been hit with more than a hundred complaints , " and there is no sign of people 's anger waning . "
Others at City Hall , however , seem to feel that the public is just whining and will stop in time .
Besides , the city needs the money .
Whatever the case , do n't look for any big changes soon .
The council is on vacation until September .
And when council members come back to work , parking wo n't be a problem for them .
They get it at City Hall for free .
Extra !
Catch our blog at www.sfgate.com/matierandross.
I have begun the work on my GSoC project , Caja - CapTP .
I am currently working on improving E - on - JavaScript in order to be able to use its Updoc facility as the test framework for the Caja - CapTP code .
( If you do n't know , Updoc is a test system which works by rerunning a recorded or made - up interactive session and confirming that the output is the same as before .
The advantage of this system is that you can write test cases very simply as sequential code without gobs of assertFoo ( ) for every particular attribute you think of testing . )
You can see my commits to EoJS at CIA.vc .
I am also learning more about exactly how Cajita works in areas such as library loading ; the documentation in this area needs improvement , which I am going to work on myself and / or ask the Caja developers to clarify .
" By showing that brain plasticity can be restored in Angelman syndrome model mice , our findings suggest that brain cells in Angelman syndrome patients maintain a latent ability to express plasticity .
We are now collaborating to find a way to tap into this latent plasticity , as this could offer a treatment , or even a cure , for Angelman syndrome , " said Philpot .
Children with Angelman Syndrome develop normally until about 1 year of age and then their intellectual development stops .
They fail to develop language and other cognitive skills , are severely mentally handicapped , but have a happy disposition , laughing , smiling and enjoying social interaction .
What could be behind this syndrome ?
A new study of Angelman Syndrome shows that an interaction between the genetic defect and sensory activity robs cortical synapses of their normal plasticity .
Simply using the synapses depletes them of plasticity .
This leaves neural connections in the cortex rigid , unable to be fine tuned and to develop normal function .
Angelman Syndrome is a form of mental retardation that results from a mutation in the UBE3A gene .
This mutationaffects the production of the enzyme ubiquitin protein ligase 3A , a key player in the degradation of protein to remove damaged proteins and maintain the healthy functioning of cells .
In the brain , only the maternal copy of the UBE3A gene is active , so a random mutation of the maternal chromosome 15 between positions 11 and 13 can lead to Angelman Syndrome .
Ubiquitin protein ligase 3A is not expressed in the brain of a mouse model for Angelman Syndrome with a mutation of the maternal copy of the UBE3A gene .
This mutation leads to a number of changes in the plasticity of hippocampal and cortical neurons .
A recent study of mice with the Ube3A deletion , led by Neuroscientists Dr. Ben Philpot at the University of North Carolina , has made an important link between the deletion of Ube3A , the loss of synaptic plasticity , and sensory experience in Angelman Syndrome .
During development the Ube3A mice had less spontaneous excitatory activity , fewer dendritic spines , no long term synaptic depression and needed much stronger stimulation to cause long term strengthening of the synapses ( longterm potentiation - LTP ) .
The excitatory synapses seemed to be rigid and only changed when a very strong train of stimulation was applied .
During normal development synapses are easily manipulated and fine tuned by the patterns of neural activity that are driven by experience .
But in the Angelman mice the synapses had shutdown this fundamental process of experience - dependent development .
They were defective in the experience - dependent development of excitatory neural connections .
The Ube4A mutation had effectively turned off the process that shapes the development neural circuits and supports the maturation of normal cognitive , perceptual , social , and emotional development .
But why was this happening ?
To figure out why the synapses were so rigid the neuroscientists used visual deprivation to eliminate sensory driven activity in visual cortex .
Just 2 weeks of dark rearing during the critical period was enough to restore synaptic plasticity .
This showed that the Ube3a mice are born with the mechanisms for long term potentiation and depression .
But the combination of no Ube3a protein and normal vision strips synapses their capacity to adapt to experience .
The researchers asked :
What if deprivation occurs later in development ?
They wanted to know if it is possible to restore synaptic plasticity when the Angelman mice are adolescents .
Surprisingly , just 10 days of dark rearing restored synaptic plasticity ( long term depression ) in adolescent Ube3a mice .
The final experiment asked about function .
They used closure of one eye to challenge the neural circuits on Ube3a mice to change .
In normal animals , closing one eye causes a loss of connections to the deprived eye .
But nothing happened with the Ube3a mice .
Closing one eye in young Ube3a mice did not change the visual cortex , the circuits were unable to rearrange the connections in response to the abnormal experience .
This provides another piece of evidence that synapses of Angelman mice become fixed and do n't respond to changes in experience that are crucial for normal development of the cortex .
But all is not lost in the search for a treatment for Angelman Syndrome .
The researchers say that since the mechanisms for synaptic plasticity remain in Angelman mice it may be possible to develop a behavioral or pharmacological treatment that can help improve brain function in individuals with Angelman Syndrome .
For more information about Dr. Philpot 's research you can look at his website .
For more information about the research paper on Angelman Syndrome you can read the abstract for the paper published in the journal Nature Neuroscience .
Nature Neuroscience 12 , 777 - 783 ( 2009 ) Ube3a is required for experience - dependent maturation of the neocortex , Koji Yashiro1,8 , Thorfinn T Riday 1,2 , Kathryn H Condon3 , Adam C Roberts 1,4,5 , Danilo R Bernardo1 , Rohit Prakash1 , Richard J Weinberg4,6 , Michael D Ehlers3,7 & Benjamin D Philpot1,2,4,5
Prostate cancer is a major killer Routine screening for prostate cancer has come under further scrutiny after two studies concluded it may do more harm than good .
European researchers found the current prostate specific antigen ( PSA ) test cannot reliably rule out a future diagnosis of prostate cancer .
Another article , also in the British Medical Journal , found the long - term benefits of screening were unclear .
Although there is no formal screening in the UK , PSA testing is on the rise .
It is not offered as standard but men can ask their GP for the test .
In March , ministers asked the UK National Screening Committee to review the existing advice on screening after a large European study reported it could cut deaths by 20 % .
It is using a test for something which it was never designed for , which is always dangerous
Dr James Kingsland , GP A final decision will not be made until next summer .
In the latest Swedish study , the researchers looked at the results of PSA tests in 540 men done several years before they were diagnosed with prostate cancer and compared them with results from 1,000 healthy men .
They could not reliably find a cut - off point at which a PSA test predicted future prostate cancer .
Only very low PSA concentrations - less than 1ng/ml - virtually ruled out a later diagnosis , they found .
NHS recommendations advise referral at 3ng / ml in men aged 50 - 59 and up to 5ng / ml in older men .
Better ways of detecting prostate cancer are needed before screening can be recommended , they concluded .
Over-diagnosis
In the second paper - an analysis of the current evidence on screening - US researchers said there was still too little known about screening .
They said over - diagnosis due to screening could be as high as 50 % and said it was not clear how much overtreatment was happening because of PSA testing .
Unnecessary treatment carries a risk of side - effects such as impotence and incontinence .
Men need to be advised that the test cannot tell whether they have a life - threatening cancer and could take them through a " thicket of tests and treatments that they might have better avoided " , the report added .
Prostate cancer is now the second most common cause of cancer deaths in men in the UK .
In July , GPs were issued with updated advice on using PSA tests .
Dr James Kingsland , a GP in Wallasey , Merseyside , and member of the government 's scientific advisory group on prostate cancer risk management , said the latest research reinforces the current decision not to offer screening more widely in the UK .
" It is using a test for something which it was never designed for , which is always dangerous .
" These are helpful studies but some people will be disappointed . "
He said better tests were being developed and in the meantime GPs should explain the risks and limitations of the PSA test to healthy men who ask for it .
A spokeswoman for the National Screening Committee said they had commissioned researchers at Sheffield University to produce various models of what a screening programme in the UK would actually look like , the results of which will inform the decision on whether to introduce screening .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We could n't find what you were looking for .
Please try the navigation or use the search box in the footer .
i Cat may not be compatible with other Apple products .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Is a college education really like a string quartet ?
Back in 1966 , that was the assertion of economists William Bowen , later president of Princeton , and William Baumol .
In a seminal study , Bowen and Baumol used the analogy to show why universities can’t easily improve efficiency .
advertisement
advertisement
If you want to perform a proper string quartet , they noted , you ca n’t cut out the cellist nor can you squeeze in more performances by playing the music faster .
But that was then — before MP3s and iPods proved just how freely music could flow .
Before Google scanned and digitized 7 million books and Wikipedia users created the world ’s largest encyclopedia .
Before YouTube Edu and iTunes U made video and audio lectures by the best professors in the country available for free , and before college students built Facebook into the world ’s largest social network , changing the way we all share information .
Suddenly , it is possible to imagine a new model of education using online resources to serve more students , more cheaply than ever before .
“ The Internet disrupts any industry whose core product can be reduced to ones and zeros , ” says Jose Ferreira , founder and CEO of education startup Knewton .
Education , he says , “ is the biggest virgin forest out there . ”
Ferreira is among a loose - knit band of education 2.0 architects sharpening their saws for that forest .
Their first foray was at MIT in 2001 , when the school agreed to put coursework online for free .
Today , you can find the full syllabi , lecture notes , class exercises , tests , and some video and audio for every course MIT offers , from physics to art history .
This trove has been accessed by 56 million current and prospective students , alumni , professors , and armchair enthusiasts around the world .
“ The advent of the Web brings the ability to disseminate high - quality materials at almost no cost , leveling the playing field , ” says Cathy Casserly , a senior partner at the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching , who in her former role at the Hewlett Foundation provided seed funding for MIT ’s project .
“ We ’re changing the culture of how we think about knowledge and how it should be shared and who are the owners of knowledge . ”
But higher education remains , on the whole , a string quartet .
MIT ’s courseware may be free , yet an MIT degree still costs upward of $ 189,000 .
College tuition has gone up more than any other good or service since 1990 , and our nation ’s students and graduates hold a staggering $ 714 billion in outstanding student - loan debt .
Once the world ’s most educated country , the United States today ranks 10th globally in the percentage of young people with postsecondary degrees .
“ Colleges have become outrageously expensive , yet there remains a general refusal to acknowledge the implications of new technologies , ” says Jim Groom , an “ instructional technologist ” at Virginia ’s University of Mary Washington and a prominent voice in the blogosphere for blowing up college as we know it .
Groom , a chain - smoker with an ever - present five days ’ growth of beard , coined the term “ edupunk ” to describe the growing movement toward high - tech do - it - yourself education .
“ Edupunk , ” he tells me in the opening notes of his first email , “ is about the utter irresponsibility and lethargy of educational institutions and the means by which they are financially cannibalizing their own mission . ”
The edupunks are on the march .
From VC - funded startups to the ivied walls of Harvard , new experiments and business models are springing up from entrepreneurs , professors , and students alike .
Want a class that ’s structured like a role - playing game ?
An accredited bachelor ’s degree for a few thousand dollars ?
A free , peer - to - peer Wiki university ?
These all exist today , the overture to a complete educational remix .
The architects of education 2.0 predict that traditional universities that cling to the string - quartet model will find themselves on the wrong side of history , alongside newspaper chains and record stores .
“ If universities ca n’t find the will to innovate and adapt to changes in the world around them , ” professor David Wiley of Brigham Young University has written , “ universities will be irrelevant by 2020 . ”
Wiley does n’t come off immediately as a bomb thrower .
He is a 37 - year - old member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints with five kids .
He has close - cropped gray hair , glasses , and speaks softly in a West Virginia accent .
But he employs his niceness strategically , as a general in the intellectual vanguard of the transformation of higher education .
The challenge is not to bring technology into the classroom , he points out .
The millennials , with their Facebook and their cell phones , have done that .
The challenge is to capture the potential of technology to lower costs and improve learning for all .
advertisement
Wiley has been experimenting with open educational content and tools since the early days of the Internet .
As a college junior , he was hired as the first Webmaster of his small , resource - starved alma mater , Marshall University , in West Virginia .
“ I was working on developing a JavaScript calculator for a Web page when it occurred to me that this calculator , unlike a real one in our elementary schools , can be used by 100,000 people all at the same time , ” he says .
“ When you put materials online , they ’re different in that particular way ; you can pay to produce them once and they can be used by an infinite number of people .
That seemed to be somewhere between terribly fascinating and the kind of realization that it makes sense to spend the rest of your life working on . ”
In 1998 , when Wiley arrived at Brigham Young to do a PhD in instructional psychology and technology , he learned about open - source software - programs and operating systems like Linux that are produced collaboratively and shared freely .
“ I said , ‘ Hey , that ’s exactly what we need to do with educational materials .
Let ’s call it open content . ’ “ Today , “ open content ” is the biggest front of innovation in higher education .
The movement that started at MIT has spread to more than 200 institutions in 32 countries that have posted courses online at the OpenCourseWare Consortium .
But , as Wiley points out , there ’s still a big gap between viewing such resources as a homework aid and building a recognized , accredited degree out of a bunch of podcasts and YouTube videos .
“ Why is it that my kid ca n’t take robotics at Carnegie Mellon , linear algebra at MIT , law at Stanford ?
And why ca n’t we put 130 of those together and make it a degree ? ”
Wiley asks .
“ There are all these kinds of innovations waiting to happen .
A sufficient infrastructure of freely available content is step one in a much longer endgame that transforms everything we know about higher education . ”
Wiley is pursuing several different strategies toward this endgame .
He has cofounded a free , not - for - profit , online public charter high school that draws on open courseware , letting Utah students complete their degree from home .
He is “ chief openness officer ” at a for - profit startup , Flat World Knowledge , that commissions professors to write open - source textbooks that are free online , $ 19.95 for a download , or $ 29.95 for a print - on - demand copy .
( Flat World closed $ 8 million in VC funding earlier this spring . )
He has also offered five of his courses to anyone on the Web for free ; he donates his own time to review nonenrolled students ’ work , awarding a signed certificate in lieu of course credit .
Wiley ’s most recent open course was formatted as an online role - playing game , with students divided into “ guilds ” completing “ quests ” — a learning community inspired by the world of online gamers .
“ If you did n’t need human interaction and someone to answer your questions , then the library would never have evolved into the university , ” Wiley says .
“ We all realize that content is just the first step . ”
Open courseware is hard for the self - learner , ” agrees Neeru Paharia , a PhD student at Harvard Business School .
Building a social network to make it easier is the goal of her newest project , Peer2 Peer University .
The daughter of two Indian - born Silicon Valley engineers , Paharia is a former McKinsey consultant and an early employee of Creative Commons , a not - for - profit set up to create the intellectual and legal framework to share and remix content without the expense and red tape of commercial copyright .
In 2005 , she started AcaWiki , a crowdsourced compilation of free summaries of academic papers .
Now , she says , she wants to address “ all the other things that a university does for you :
It provides you a clear path from A to B , provides social infrastructure of teachers and other students , and accreditation so you actually get credit for what you do .
So the question becomes , Is there a way of hacking something like this together ? ”
At a conference in Croatia last year , Paharia met Jan Philipp Schmidt , a German computer scientist working on open courseware in South Africa ; together with a Canadian and an Australian , they started Peer2 Peer University , which has become one of the most buzzed - about initiatives in open education .
Would - be students can use the Web site to convene and schedule classes , meet online , and tutor one another ; a volunteer facilitator for each course helps the process along .
Peer2
Peer got a $ 70,000 seed grant from the Hewlett Foundation to launch its first 10 pilot courses , in topics from behavioral economics to Wikipedia visualization — content areas that already have online audiences of self - motivated learners .
Paharia ’s idea of “ hacking ” education — putting something together on the fly — is important .
All of these projects are still very much works in progress .
Not even the most starry - eyed geeks are claiming that an LCD monitor can and should replace the richest , most fully textured college experience out there ( at least not yet ) .
But it could certainly represent an upgrade in opportunity for those who ca n’t afford college , or for the half of American college students who attend community colleges , or even the 80 % who attend nonselective universities .
advertisement
Ultimately what interests Paharia is proving the model , demonstrating that there ’s a way to provide education cheaply or even for free to all who are qualified .
“ I ride the Boston T around and I see these ads for schools , and it bothers me that so much hope is rested on having an education , and yet at the end of the day you end up with $ 100,000 in debt .
What are you paying for ?
And is this the best way of setting up the system ? ”
Peer2 Peer is not the only attempt to bridge the gap between free material and cheap education .
The online University of the People , founded by Shai Reshef , who made his fortune in for - profit education , signed up its first class this fall — 300 students from nearly 100 countries .
While it has yet to get accreditation , the not - for - profit plans to offer bachelor ’s degrees in business and computer science using open courseware and volunteer faculty ; fees would add up to about $ 4,000 for a full four - year degree .
Richard Ludlow , a 23 - year - old Yale graduate , has his own ideas about a workable business model for open educational resources .
His for - profit startup , Academic Earth , is a Web site that brings together video lectures and other academic content from various sources .
As an undergrad looking for help grokking a tough concept in his linear algebra class , he stumbled onto MIT ’s OpenCourseWare .
He realized that there were some really cool educational resources out there and that most of his classmates did n’t know about them .
“ My idea was to first , aggregate this huge critical mass of content disconnected over various sites ; second , apply best practices in user interface design and Web standards to do for educational content what Hulu has done [ for TV ] ; and third , build an educational ecosystem around the content , ” Ludlow explains .
“ Showing the videos is one thing , but building the right interactive tools and the right commenting system will really create something of value . ”
The Hulu comparison is a striking one .
When you look at the cultural industries that have fallen under the spell of the Internet , the transformation has happened unevenly : newspapers before television , music before books .
Hulu.com , launched just 18 months ago , is widely considered to be the first Web site to prove that mass broadcast - television viewing as we know it can and will shift online .
Hulu did that by being attractive , well - designed , and easy to use , and by having a viable business model with actual paying advertisers — and soon , subscribers .
“ We ’re talking about revenue sharing with a lot of universities , ” says Ludlow .
“ Most of this content is licensed noncommercial , but with endowments dropping , universities have to be selective about what they ’re funding .
We ’re trying to find a way to make this sustainable by generating revenue and making sure it ’s in sync with the university ’s brand . ”
If open courseware is about applying technology to sharing knowledge , and Peer2 Peer is about social networking for teaching and learning , Bob Mendenhall , president of the online Western Governors University , is proudest of his college ’s innovation in the third , hardest - to - crack dimension of education : accreditation and assessment .
WGU was formed in the late 1990s , when the governors of 19 western states decided to take advantage of the newfangled Internet and create an online university to expand access to students in rural communities across their region .
Today , it ’s an all - online university with 12,000 students in all 50 states .
It ’s a private not - for - profit , like Harvard ; the only state money was an initial $ 100,000 stake from each founding state .
WGU runs entirely on tuition : $ 2,890 for a six - month term .
advertisement
“ We said , ‘ Let ’s create a university that actually measures learning , ’ ” Mendenhall says .
“ We do not have credit hours , we do not have grades .
We simply have a series of assessments that measure competencies , and on that basis , award the degree . ”
WGU began by convening a national advisory board of employers , including Google and Tenet Healthcare .
“ We asked them , ‘ What is it the graduates you ’re hiring ca n’t do that you wish they could ? ’
We ’ve never had a silence after that question . ”
Then assessments were created to measure each competency area .
Mendenhall recalls one student who had been self - employed in IT for 15 years but never earned a degree ; he passed all the required assessments in six months and took home his bachelor ’s without taking a course .
Most students , though , do the full coursework , working at their own pace through online course modules , playlists of prerecorded lectures , readings , projects , and quizzes .
For every 80 students , a PhD faculty member , certified in the discipline , serves as a full - time mentor .
“ Our faculty are there to guide , direct , counsel , coach , encourage , motivate , keep on track , and that ’s their whole job , ” Mendenhall says .
Multiple - choice tests are scored by computer , while essays and in - person evaluations are judged by a separate cadre of graders .
What WGU is doing is using the Internet to disaggregate the various functions of teaching : the “ sage on the stage ” conveyor of information , the cheerleader and helpmate , and the evaluator .
WGU constantly surveys both graduates and their employers to find out if they are lacking in any competencies so they can continue to fine - tune their programs .
Mendenhall is impatient with those who argue that what he ’s doing with education and technology is unworkable .
“ Technology has changed the productivity equation of every industry except education , ” he says .
“ We ’re simply trying to demonstrate that it can do it in education — if you change the way you do education as opposed to just adding technology on top . ”
So far , the open- education movement has been supported , to an astonishing extent , by a single donor :
The Hewlett Foundation has made $ 68 million worth of grants to initiatives at Berkeley , Carnegie Mellon , MIT , Rice , Stanford , and Tufts .
Today , such foundation money is slowing , but new sources of financing are emerging .
President Barack Obama has directed $ 100 billion in stimulus money to education at all levels , and he recently appointed a prominent advocate of open education to be undersecretary of education ( Martha Kanter , who helped launch the 100 - member Community College Consortium for Open Educational Resources and the Community College Open Textbook Project ) .
Meanwhile , outfits such as Flat World and Knewton are attracting venture funding ( see “ 5 Startups to Watch ” ) .
The Carnegie Foundation ’s Casserly is helping existing open - courseware projects generate metrics that demonstrate their value to universities .
“ We need to figure out the models for this stuff , ” she says .
“ If it were easy , it would n’t be such a fun challenge . ”
The transformation of education may happen faster than we realize .
However futuristic it may seem , what we ’re living through is an echo of the university ’s earliest history .
Universitas does n’t mean campus , or class , or a particular body of knowledge ; it means the guild , the group of people united in scholarship .
The university as we know it was born around AD 1100 , when communities formed in Bologna , Italy ; Oxford , England ; and Paris around a scarce , precious information technology : the handwritten book .
Illuminated manuscripts of the period show a professor at a podium lecturing from a revered volume while rows of students sit with paper and quill — the same basic format that most classes take 1,000 years later .
advertisement
Today , we ’ve gone from scarcity of knowledge to unimaginable abundance .
It ’s only natural that these new , rapidly evolving information technologies would convene new communities of scholars , both inside and outside existing institutions .
The string - quartet model of education is no longer sustainable .
The university of the future ca n’t be far away .
A man stands in front of an AIG logo in Tokyo March 3 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Issei Kato
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Shares of AIG , the beneficiary of a $ 180 billion U.S. government bailout , rose as much as 10 percent on Monday morning , extending strong gains last week , as the insurer returned to a profit in the second quarter , ending a six - quarter run of losses .
Shares rose as high as $ 29.88 , or 10 percent on Monday , after doubling in value last week , as investors applauded unrealized investment gains that pushed it back into the black .
Wells Fargo raised its price range for the shares to between $ 21 and $ 29 , from $ 14 to $ 18 .
Analyst John Hall , in a research note on Monday , said he believed the company would “ remain a going concern following the Federal Reserve bailout . ”
Still , there are risks to holding the stock , he said , including assets having to be sold for too little , losses from disasters such as hurricanes and earthquakes , and any further problems in retaining customers .
American International Group's AIG.N insurance units posted weaker results in the quarter , attributing the decline in business to the economic downturn .
It noted that some customers have grown more wary since the company nearly had to file for bankruptcy last September .
Once the world ’s largest insurer , AIG nearly collapsed from credit default swaps that left it on the hook for tens of billions of dollars in payouts to some of the biggest U.S. and European banks .
As a result of its bailout , the government now owns about 80 percent of the insurer .
The company ’s new chief executive Robert Benmosche takes over on Monday , becoming the fourth person to assume AIG ’s leadership since June of last year .
The stock was up more than 7 percent at $ 29.14 in mid-morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange .
Elgin man charged for preaching too loudly
An Elgin man arrested Thursday night for preaching the word of God too loudly was back on the street Friday , reminding anyone within the sound of his voice that Jesus loves them and the devil does not .
Joseph Tomasino , 41 , of the 300 block of East Chicago Street , on Thursday was charged with misdemeanor disorderly conduct after he defied a police order to spread the gospel more quietly .
Tomasino says has been preaching to Elgin residents on the street for about a month now at various intersections .
On Friday evening , he was alternately speaking and yelling English and Spanish religious phrases at pedestrians and vehicles on Route 31 and National Street .
Although he targets his messages to the needy and to those who need Christ in their lives , Tomasino says he is not trying to save Elgin .
" I 'm just trying to share the love of Jesus , " he said .
" Only Jesus can save Elgin . "
According to police reports :
Tomasino on Thursday was standing at the northwest corner of National Street and South Grove Avenue at 8:35 p.m.
Thursday , waving a Bible and shouting religious messages to pedestrians and passing motorists .
An officer on patrol spotted Tomasino , noticed pedestrians trying to avoid him and saw that some vehicles slowed down at the sight of the preacher , which created traffic problems .
Tomasino initially refused to surrender his identification to the officer , telling him that God already knows who he is .
The officer said he also needed to know who Tomasino is , but Tomasino walked away and shouted religious messages at a pair of pedestrians .
Tomasino finally showed his identification and told the officer he was screaming because he's " spreading the word of God to Elgin . "
The officer told Tomasino to do so in a less disturbing manner because he was alarming people .
But Tomasino said he would n't stop and resumed yelling at people , again causing cars to slow and scaring pedestrians .
In the end , Tomasino said an arrest would be the only way police could silence him .
And that 's exactly what the officer did , after warning Tomasino several more times to tone it down , reports said .
Tomasino was released pending a court appearance at 9 a.m. Sept. 4 in Elgin .
Even so , Tomasino says nothing - not even his recent arrest - will stop him from doing what he says is God 's will in Elgin .
" It can 't , " he said .
" It did n't deter Jesus from giving his life . "
Background
In addition to my passion for travel , I ’m actively exploring the professional and academic opportunities presented by virtual worlds and gaming technology .
I have written several widely popular blog posts ( eg : Educating Millennials / my explanation of generational gaps ) .
I ’m also currently engaged in two major projects which you may not be as familiar with .
The first of these projects is FusionVirtual .
While most of what I ’m exploring through FusionVirtual is n’t public yet , I will share that I have the conceptual solution to many of the challenges facing web - based distance learning .
A major component of this is the use of virtual space as an instructional tool .
I am working with / seeking academic and development partners to bring the project to fruition and have recently been engaged in dialogue with a major community college , their President and upper administrative leadership .
As well as members of the college ’s foundation .
The second project is a book .
I am a tech savvy Millennial , despite this and what common cultural dialogue would have you believe I ’m not a Digital Native .
I ’m fresh out of a major university and the world of higher education , but also have nearly five years experience in corporate America .
The sum of these experiences means that I ’m a member of an incredibly small demographic .
A demographic with a foot in both worlds and access to insights that would otherwise be elusive .
My exploration of these insights has led me to a unique understanding of tech , education and professional issues .
That understanding has helped me decode and identify the answers to issues which have baffled business and professional experts .
The Q&A
With that said , I was thrilled when I saw that two of my favorite resources TED.com and Reddit.com were teaming up to do a crowd - sourced Q&A session with one of my favorite TED presenters : Sir. Ken Robinson .
I submitted my question under my Reddit username ( Glamdering ) which was as follows :
Distance learning ( web based education ) is currently the new rage in education .
However , the quality of the experience is at best sub par .
As a recent college graduate , I cannot help but feel the three major types of online education ( static html pages , pre-recorded video , power point slides with audio overlays ) are missing the point .
What are your thoughts on the future of distance learning , and have you seen any signs of a breakthrough that will replace the status quo , while delivering interactive , powerful , social and visually simulating learning ?
After a week , during which users were able to submit and then vote questions up / down – mine made it into the top top 10 .
You can view the official blog post with all 10 questions and answers on TED.com HERE .
Sir. Robinson ’s response was as follows :
I should just say : Distance learning is n’t the new rage in education .
We ’ve had it for years .
In the U.K. , we ’ve had the Open University , which was set up in the ’70s .
I think it ’s now the largest university on Earth .
It ’s a massive institution on a small campus .
The purpose was to offer university - level education to people who were beyond conventional undergraduate aid .
A lot of people in the Open University are in their 30s , 40s , 50s , 60s , right up to their 90s .
It ’s a brilliantly innovative organization , designed to give people a second chance — or a first chance , if they missed it .
It ’s based on distance learning , with some residential programs built in .
But all the programs were initially put on late - night television by the BBC .
So , distance learning itself is not a new thing .
It ’s the web that ’s new .
But I think Glamdering is right .
It ’s not very good .
There ’s been a tendency in universities to try and cash in on the interest in web - based learning .
A lot of them have been dumping programs online : lecture notes , videos of talks , and so on .
They ’re of variable quality .
Some of them are great , and some are n’t .
In a way , TED is a great example of how distance learning can work well .
TED does n’t have a formal curriculum .
But it has new ideas about getting ideas across in a powerful , condensed way , with high - quality visuals , and then syndicating that .
TED has shown us a dramatic appetite for new ideas presented in an interesting way .
Just dumping stuff online is n’t the answer to it .
But there ’s a massive thirst for ideas , for this sort of content , as illustrated by the mushrooming of social networking and user - generated content .
There ’s another interesting commercial organization called Blackboard which is growing very quickly and has been doing work that ’s really worth looking at .
I mean , I do n’t think they would say they ’ve got this whole thing sorted at all , but they ’ve started to think differently about the best way to use web - based materials and distance learning both in institutions and outside of them .
Microsoft and Apple both have interesting educational programs .
They both work with schools .
They have educational leadership programs .
They , I think , are looking hard at how the technology that they are developing and selling can really be used for distance education .
And I think the work that both are doing is really worth looking at , although they ’re approaching it in different ways .
As with what I was saying before about video games : I think there ’s a massive potential that we have n’t yet fully tapped into .
Most schools do n’t really have contact with stuff .
People who are at the leading edge of thinking about it are coming in with great ideas and possibilities , but the penetration of this stuff into education is still pretty limited .
But I ’m sure it ’s the way we have to go in the future .
And for a very good reason .
Because we now have the ability to put the best thinking , materials , pedagogy , resources in front of everybody .
This should be seen by schools as a massive opportunity to — not to replace what they do , not to replace their own teachers and curriculum , but to enrich and enhance it .
And the really good schools know that that ’s the way to go .
And there are some great schools that are doing it .
High Tech High is an interesting one in the U.S .
Thoughts
Sir. Robinson spends paragraph 1 discussing the origins of distance learning .
I found this part of the response helpful .
It reflects generational differences in terminology .
Distance learning is old – very old – Sir Robinson reaches back to the start of the Open University .
One might also reference the old Sears Catalog or any number of similar services .
Where I used the term distance learning , I took for granted a web - specific context .
This gap may suggest the need for a more standardized alternate term .
Web - based learning works , but is limiting since it discourages the inclusion of platforms that blur the line ( virtual worlds , VoIP networks , combination systems , etc. ) .
In paragraph 2 , Sir Robinson highlights TED as a quality example of how online video delivery can work for education .
I agree almost completely .
What ’s missing , however , is interaction .
TED delivers incredibly creative , informative videos and has tried to increase involvement by adding a powerful comment system .
Despite this , it remains fundamentally a one - directional medium .
While that ’s great for knowledge sharing , it is not interactive enough .
The beauty of the internet is that it allows two - way exchanges .
An outlet like TED is still limited by the old one - way exchange which plagues lecture halls in Universities everywhere .
In paragraph 3 , Sir Robinson mentions Blackboard .
As a recent ASU graduate I used Blackboard through the majority of my college career .
Blackboard is an interesting beast .
It serves as a great enabler .
It replaced the horribly constructed geocities websites that leading - edge university professors were creating pre-Blackboard .
Blackboard created a standardized platform that most professors have been able to use to upload notes and encourage discussion .
That said , I detest Blackboard – a sentiment which most students share .
While it ’s changed slightly in the last two years it ’s still largely the same beast .
The Blackboard I used was based on an archaic forums system which was obtuse and largely irrelevant .
The same can be said about the service ’s chat and collaboration features .
In truth , Blackboard was little more than a dumping ground for files and an awkward , outdated one at that .
All that was made worse by the company ’s monopoly on the industry which was illustrated in the DOJ ’s recent anti-trust inquiry into the Blackboard / ANGEL merger .
That said , I agree that Blackboard has laid the groundwork and helped validate an ideological shift in the way we view online interaction and collaboration .
In paragraph 4 , Sir Robinson points to Microsoft ’s and Apple ’s education programs .
Two that I ’ve explored casually , but have yet to dive into completely .
If anyone has more information on these projects please post it in a comment !
In paragraph 5 , Sir. Robinson shares several thoughts which I was excited to see .
His commentary on the wall between those at the leading edge and academic implementation is right on the money .
One thing he hints at but does n’t explore , is the resistance from old , entrenched faculty who are clinging to outdated technologies and academic structure while actively working to block new ideas and concepts which are both technological and structural .
One of the biggest fears among entrenched academics is that they will be “ replaced ” – a point which I was thrilled to see him address .
I was excited to see his mention of video games ( virtual worlds ) as part of the equation of the future .
His response is further affirmation of the concepts , observations and projects I ’ve been exploring for the last 9 years .
It ’s exciting to share a vision of the future , and to stand at the vanguard of 21st century education in the company of great minds like Sir. Robinson’s .
I have the utmost respect for him and would like to thank him for taking the time to respond to my question while engaging with Reddit , TED and the community for this Q&A session .
- Alex
This is how blogging works :
Something funny or shocking or disgusting happens , and that reminds us of something else funny or shocking or disgusting that happened , and before you know it …top 10 list !
10 . Guy Who Threw His Beer on Shane Victorino
Today ’s list of the 10 Most Infamous Cub Fans was conceived because some dude threw a beer at Shane Victorino at Wrigley Field Wednesday night .
Not the first time something like that has happened , by the way – just ask Lenny Dykstra .
Okay , I confess – beer - chucker dude is not actually the 10th most infamous Cub fan of all - time .
But he ’s got the buzz around him , so he receives the slot .
And if you have a problem with me validating this hooligan ?
Tough .
9. Rod Blagojevich
Disgraced former Illnois governor Rod Blagojevich is such a big Cubs fan , he even once wrote a handwritten note to Lou Piniella suggesting line - up changes .
He wanted Alfonso Soriano to bat third .
Lou should ’ve written him back with his own friendly suggestion , to go screw himself .
8. Guy Who Took Chad Kreuter ’s Cap , Starting a Giant Fight
One of the crazier fan v. player confrontations of recent years took place in 2000 at Wrigley , after a fan snatched the hat off the head of Dodgers catcher Chad Kreuter , who was sitting in the bullpen minding his own business .
Instead of calling security , Kreuter did the dumbest thing he could ’ve elected to do – he climbed into the stands and tried to get the guy .
Next thing you knew , fans and Dodger players were rumbling .
Beer was being tossed ( seems to be a running theme ) .
Security was hauling people out .
Somehow , only three people ended up being arrested , none of them members of the Dodgers ( even though Jim Leyritz was on that team ) .
7. Jim Belushi
He sang “ Take Me Out to the Ballgame ” at Wrigley while higher than Harry Caray after three nights in Tijuana .
But that ’s not why he ’s infamous .
One drunken 7th inning stretch appearance is n’t enough to earn a badge of eternal scorn .
So why exactly does Jim Belushi ’s name live in infamy forever ?
Because of this :
6. Ronnie Woo Woo
Mental illness is not amusing – unless you ’re a member of the media and you ’re covering Ronnie Woo Woo .
Then , evidently , schizophrenia leading to disorderly and vastly annoying conduct is the most adorable thing since pug noses .
Want to know how much the Wrigley faithful hate Ronnie Woo Woo ?
Let ’s put it this way : A couple years ago he got run over by a car .
You did n’t see a ton of people in Cubs gear crying .
5. John Murray
Fans will remember Murray as the bond trader who , in 1995 , ran onto the field and attacked reliever Randy Myers after Myers gave up a home run in a pivotal late - season contest .
The fun part of that story was that Murray ’s wife was watching the game on TV but did n’t realize it was her idiot husband until after .
And you think it ’s embarrassing when your man gets a little liquored up and starts doing his bad Sopranos impressions at cook - outs .
Instead of going to hell , like most decent Cub fans wished he would , Murray simply disappeared for about a decade before resurfacing at Wrigley to hawk cheesy t- shirts .
Guess that whole bond trading thing did n’t work out .
Wonder if he ’s still married .
4. Billy Sianis
Mr. Sianis was the tavern owner who infamously cursed the Cubs after they refused to let him into Wrigley Field with his dirty , piss - smelling goat .
Of course this is the single dumbest hex in the history of the world .
It has absolutely nothing to do with the Cubs ’ futility since then .
Losing is caused by bad playing , bad managing and bad front - officing , not crazy goat - voodoo .
But try telling that to the nitwits who keep attempting to dispel the curse by hanging goat carcasses off the Harry Caray statue .
Morons !
Everyone knows , if you want to cancel a goat - hex , you have to sacrifice a virgin .
Speaking of virgins …
3. Steve Bartman
Steve Bartman is the man who needs no introduction – because no one can find him .
He ’s hidden better than Jimmy Hoffa ‘s body .
One day , I suspect , Bartman will emerge , and tell his side of the story .
And someone will throw beer at him and call him a bad name that starts with a “ c ” and ends with “ sucker . ”
Possibly the person doing the interview .
Possibly Ron Santo .
I personally do n’t blame Steve Bartman for any of the bad stuff that happened in the 2003 post - season .
I blame Dusty Baker .
And Jesus .
2. John Dillinger
John Dillinger is cool again , thanks to Johnny Depp ‘s portrayal of him in Public Enemies , a movie that argues passionately for Socialism via bank robbery .
But did you know that Dillinger , besides having the biggest pair of stones in the history of the world , was also a huge Cubs fan ?
It ’s true .
According to legend , Dillinger loved the Cubs so much that he risked capture by attending a game at Wrigley just a month before his famous demise outside the Biograph Theater .
And Dillinger was a real Cub fan , not a phony like Al Capone ( who loved the White Sox but showed up for photo - ops at Wrigley anyway , sorta like John Cusack ) .
1. Dick Cheney
Yes I realize I ’m treading on delicate political ground .
Some of you will cheer me for this pick , others will deride me .
Some will say , “ Dick Cheney ?
More infamous than John Dillinger , a man who was wanted by the FBI ? ”
You ’re right , Dick Cheney is n’t wanted by the FBI .
Yet .
And no , this post is not endorsed by the Democratic party , nor was it sponsored by MoveOn.org .
I ’m perfectly capable of being a complete jerk without the backing of any political party or non-profit entity , thanks very much .
By the way , if someone happens to be reading this who is in a position to hack my computer and / or tap my phone … the aliens made me do it .
Time spent playing games and used game purchases are up , and in fact way up over the past several months , says the Nielsen Company .
Citing a new study that gauged game playing and purchasing habits during the recent recession , the media audience tracker said the number of hours gamers claim to be engaged is at an " all time high , " while the purchase of used games and video game rental service have both increased to " record - breaking " levels since tracking began in 2006 .
The conclusion ?
When it comes to entertainment , consumers are opting to get more from , well , more .
Anyone surprised ?
Used games can literally double or triple their value if they 're something long form , say Dragon Quest VIII ( around $ 10 used ) or Final Fantasy X ( around $ 15 used ) .
You can drop $ 10 - $ 15 on a movie ticket , a watered - down drink , and a bag of oily , over - salted popcorn for a couple hours of generally trite escapism , or direct that fifteen bucks toward something that 'll keep you occupied for dozens .
Something you can play in the comfort of your home .
Something you can start or stop at leisure .
Something you 're actually controlling and interacting with , as opposed to passively receiving .
Nielsen adds that new game sales have been soft for three reasons :
Used - game purchases are at an all - time high , video game rentals too , and 2009's been lacking the " name " games ( Halo 3 , Grand Theft Auto IV ) to bring in the crowds .
Nielsen says awareness of new titles has dipped in 2009 to its lowest levels since 2007 .
Importantly , Nielsen says it 's not hardcore gamers driving up the usage averages , but mainstream gamers " playing more of the broadly appealing games " like Wii Fit , Guitar Hero and Rock Band .
For more gaming news and opinion , point your tweet - readers at twitter.com / game_on .
Stephen Wiltshire
Architectural Artist
Stephen Wiltshire
drawing
Member of the Order of the British Empire
is an artist who draws detailed cityscapes .
He has a particular talent forlifelike , accurate impressions of cities , skylines and street scenes after having only observed them briefly .
He was awardedfor services to the art world in 2006 .
His drawings are popular all over the world , and are held in a number of important art collections and museums .
Stephen started drawing at the age of five and sold his first work to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom at the age of eight .
Sir Hugh Casson , President of London 's Royal Academy of Art , referred to him as the best child artist in Britain .
Stephen has since travelled the world and exhibited on every continent with record attendances .
He continues to draw every day and his motto is ' Do the best you can and never stop ' .
An emotional former Opposition leader Brendan Nelson says he has " mixed feelings " about leaving Parliament at the end of next month .
His decision means there will be a byelection in his safe Sydney north shore seat of Bradfield , which is a potential problem for Opposition Leader Malcolm Turnbull .
Dr Brendan Nelson ... set to announce he will leave Parliament before the next election .
Dr Nelson lost the leadership to Mr Turnbull in September last year and , in February , he said he would leave politics at the next election .
This afternoon he told reporters outside his office in Lindfield , on Sydney 's north shore , that it had become obvious to him that his seat needed a " new , energetic representative sooner rather than later .
" Some folks will want to get their posters signed by their favorite fighters , but this the age of the internet , and when it comes to fan requests the digital photograph has far surpassed the autograph .
These days everyone ’s phone has a camera , and everyone wants a picture of them holding their fist up standing next to Randy Couture on their facebook page .
That is easily one of the weirdest and goofiest things about MMA fans ; the fist - up pose with the fighter .
I ca n’t think of another sport that has a pose that the fans take when they get pictures with the athletes where they mimic the activity they enjoy watching .
It ’s not just a few guys striking this dopey pose , either .
It ’s the majority .
I can completely understand if you ’re a fighter yourself , and you want an image of camaraderie with one of your sporting idols , but if you ’re an overweight short order cook who ’s never even taken a tae bo class , do the world a favor and keep your fucking fist un - balled when you ’re standing next to Anderson Silva .
Another unintentionally hilarious aspect of the MMA culture is the abundance of retarded macho " fight wear " T - shirts .
The enormous financial success of enterprising clothing companies like " Tapout " have given birth to a rise of ham - handed imitators where each one tries to out retard the next .
Images of chained up pitbulls and skulls are the norm with shiny foil letters to make sure you can clearly read the " Break my dick off in your ass – fight wear " label .
At the last UFC in New Jersey I actually saw a guy in the audience with a shirt that said , " Some guys are strikers , some guys are grapplers …
I ’M BOTH ! "
Good lord .
Someone please find that poor fuck and give him a hug .
The doucebaggery is n’t limited to T - shirts , either .
I had one guy email me that actually wanted to sell me an pendant that was an MMA glove smothered in diamonds .
The name of his company ?
" Hard as diamond – for those who are . "
No bullshit .
Could you even imagine the near fatal levels of meathead you would have to be infected with to walk out of your house with a diamond encrusted fighting glove around your neck ?
On paper it does n’t even seem possible .
You would think that if you were that retarded there ’s no way you would be able to scrape together the kind of money you would need to purchase such an expensive monstrosity .
The only way I could see it happen is if maybe the buyer in question won the lottery , or possibly won a huge settlement in some brain damage inducing accident at the local toilet factory or something .
Talk about your small target markets . "
Wall Street Journal
( P) roviding Medicare recipients with vouchers that allow them to purchase their own coverage ; reforming tort laws to potentially save billions each year in wasteful spending ; and changing costly state regulations to allow people to buy insurance across state lines .
Unless you live in a cave , you ’ll know that Sarah Palin has a new career as an op - ed writer .
Which is to say , she ’s got a ghostwriter banging out op - eds for her .
The latest appeared in the Tuesday .
I wo n’t bother with a full takedown , but a look at her CATO Institute - provided health care reform plan is illuminating :
The last suggestion is the most creepy .
What Palin endorses is the idea of allowing insurance companies to do what credit cards have done : flee to the states with the least regulation .
That might affect price , but without federal accountability it is more likely to adversely affect standards of care .
The reason almost all credit cards are issued from Delaware is because that state has the weakest usury laws in the world ; do we really want that race to the bottom with our insurance policies ?
I ’ve already done a full treatment of the red herring known as tort reform , but it ’s worth noting the president touched on it last night — while adding , “ I do n’t think it ’s a silver bullet . ”
Indeed , there ’s no evidence whatsoever that tort reform would save “ billions each year ” in wasteful spending .
But the suggestion of giving Medicare recipients vouchers is a truly outrageous idea .
Palin is essentially offering to undo Medicare , replacing the efficient 3 - 4 % administrative costs of the program with the inefficient 20 - 30 % admin price of private insurance .
That would basically turn the entire system into Medicare Advantage , the very program Obama would end to save hundreds of billions from the Medicare budget .
Yet what interests me most is not her bogus reform plan , which would do virtually nothing to rein in costs .
What I find most intriguing is that her op-eds and Facebook “ notes ” are n’t the usual word - salad — these are the most obvious examples of ghostwriting in American politics .
My gut tells me she ’s getting her copy from somewhere within the think - tank apparatus .
RedAlkemi has been helping its direct and agency clients with Branding , Web design and Web maintenance since 1996 .
Our strengths lie in a thorough understanding , good research and high - quality work at affordable prices .
We take pride in retaining long term clients , delivering consistent quality , following highly efficient processes and explicit communication .
As your design , web & maintenance partner , we assist you in presenting your ideas to the world in an impactful manner .
If you are an agency larger than us and are looking to lower costs and increase output , we invite you to apply for our White Label Partner Program to associate with us as a long term partner .
When discussing the economic potential of legalizing marijuana we tend to exclude a huge part of the picture .
The plant hemp itself has more than 10,000 uses .
The number of symptoms that marijuana can be prescribed for is endless .
Potential customers include every cancer patient , anyone experiencing anxiety , suffering from depression , sleeplessness , migraines , chronic pain , even PMS .
That 's before one recreational toke .
Medically speaking , the potential market share for medical marijuana is larger than for any other drug .
Show me someone who does n't have any of the ailments that marijuana can be prescribed for medically .
Big companies do n't want to give up their market share .
Insurance companies who right now do n't pay for medical marijuana will have to start paying a hefty tab .
I 'm not sure , but insurance companies probably wo n't be too enthused to pay for everyone 's marijuana .
The insurance and the pharmaceutical companies both have very powerful lobbies with millions of dollars worth of influence .
The potential market for hemp products cannot be taken lightly .
Hemp and marijuana are very valuable crops .
It would drastically change agriculture in the United States .
I doubt that if legal , the United States has the landmass to satisfy its own demand .
Thomas Jefferson knew the economic power of hemp .
Foreign countries with greater landmass and cheaper labor would hijack the market becoming instant economic superpowers in the process .
Sure , the United States will see a lot of revenue from the taxation of marijuana .
The sales revenue from hemp will far exceed it .
The government is afraid to let loose this cash cow .
The biggest determinate of quality life is economics .
Power concedes nothing without a demand .
By marijuana and hemp being illegal , it has made a lot of people rich .
Legalization would result in such a shift of economic power that it scares the " Haves . "
Ron Binion lives in Oceanside .
Source : North County Times ( CA )
Author : Ron Binion Jr .
Published : Wednesday , August 12 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 North County Times
Contact : letters@nctimes.com
Website : http://www.nctimes.com/
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/4uyISW8N
CannabisNews -- Cannabis Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/cannabis.shtml
It 's San Francisco in 1957 , and an American masterpiece is put on trial .
Howl , the film , recounts this dark moment using three interwoven threads : the tumultuous life events that led a young Allen Ginsberg to find his true voice as an artist , society 's reaction ( the obscenity trial ) , and animation that echoes the poem 's surreal style .
All three coalesce in hybrid that dramatizes the birth of a counterculture .
Written by Sundance Film Festival
Schwarz - Rot verschärfte die Sicherheitsgesetze und versuchte sich an der Novelle des Datenschutzgesetzes
FREIBURG .
Die Bundesrepublik wählt – und die BZ blickt zurück auf die Arbeit der Großen Koalition sowie nach vorn auf die Themen der kommenden Jahre .
Welche Ideen haben die Parteien ?
Heute : Innere Sicherheit und Datenschutz .
Der Kampf gegen den Terrorismus prägte in der Innenpolitik die Zusammenarbeit der Großen Koalition .
Während die Union stets darauf drängte , die Sicherheitsgesetze zu verschärfen , versuchte die SPD – allerdings nicht immer erfolgreich – dagegenzuhalten .
Zwei Kontrahenten standen sich hier gegenüber : Innenminister Wolfgang Schäuble ( CDU ) und Justizministerin Brigitte Zypries ( SPD ) .
Dem einen ging es vor allem um die Gewährung der Sicherheit , während die andere sich als Verfechterin der Freiheitsrechte gab .
Lange wurde so um die neuen , präventiven Befugnisse des Bundeskriminalamts ( BKA - Gesetz ) gerungen , die bislang ...
Recorded at Newcastle 's Centre for Life , Professor Sandel looks at how we should use our ever - increasing scientific knowledge .
Professor Michael Sandel delivers four lectures about the prospects of a new politics of the common good .
The series is presented and chaired by Sue Lawley .
Recorded at the Centre for Life in Newcastle , Sandel considers how we should use our ever - increasing scientific knowledge .
New genetic technologies hold great promise for treating and curing disease , but how far we should go in using them to manipulate muscles , moods and gender ?
Telstra has been fined more than $ 100,000 because one of its external call centres telephoned people who had put their numbers on the Do Not Call register .
The fine was imposed by the Australian Communications and Media Authority , which began investigating Telstra a year ago after complaints from customers .
Telstra has agreed to appoint an external consultant to review its systems and compliance with the register .
This documentary reveals the exploratory work of a team from the University of Montreal who seek to understand the states of grace experienced by mystics and those who meditate .
Filmmaker Isabelle Raynauld offers up scientific research that suggests that mystical ecstasy is a transformative experience and could contribute to people 's psychic and physical health , treat depression and speed up the healing process when combined with conventional medicine .
In French with English subtitles .
Just when you thought
Fox could n't get any lower , they trot out the latest birther nonsense in order to make the claim that " dozens of legal challenges to the President 's nationality " are a " persistent problem " for the Obama administration :
Actually , the only " persistent problem " is that scumbags at places like Fox continue feeding conspiracy troll nonsense like this to the public .
The crackpots who file legal challenges claiming otherwise may be a nuisance to the court system , but they are not a problem for the administration .
Surely ,
Fox knows that President Obama was in fact born in Hawaii , as his birth certificate and birth announcements in local papers make clear .
The fact that Fox reported this story as if it were an serious legal question , offering only a terse statement from Press Secretary Robert Gibbs to debunk the birthers , demonstrates their complete lack of ethical or journalistic standards .
The thing that is really bad about Fox is n't that it 's conservative and partisan -- the thing that 's really bad about Fox is that it is consistently inaccurate .
The bottom - line is that Fox is propaganda .
That 's why the truth and Fox never have and never will mix together .
Fox is to political news what Weekly World News was to supermarket tabloids ... but without a sense of humor .
Many KDE 3 users depended on Krun , a simple yet effective application used to execute commands .
Executed simply by pressing “ Alt - F2 ” , it was much easier to start applications using it , rather than navigating through a launch menu or opening a terminal window .
The only catch with Krun was that you had to know the exact name of the command you intended to launch .
With the advent of KDE 4 , that has all changed .
Krunner operates independently of the Plasma desktop system as a standalone application .
It includes a ton of features that make it useful beyond simple command launching .
It has retained many of the features present in KDE 3 and greatly expanded them .
We would fail to do it justice if we did not give it a top ten list .
10 . Calculator
Do you need to figure out how much money you have left for groceries after subscribing to three MMORPGs ?
Just press “ Alt - F2 ” or right click on the desktop and press “ run command ” .
To use Krunner as a calculator , type the = sign and then enter the equation .
For example , type “ =890 * 12 ” , and it will output a calculator icon and the answer : “ 10680 ” .
Simply select the answer to calculate the next equation with it .
KDE 3 had a similar calculating feature that automatically opened Google ’s calculator .
With this you can calculate multiple times without leaving the Krunner window .
9. Spellchecker
If you are anything like me , you are obsessed with spelling things correctly and yet could not spell to save your life .
If you happen to be typing a blog post in OpenOffice.org or using Firefox ’s spellcheck feature , you will be safe .
But if you are in the middle of one of those MMORPGs and need to spell “ elemental ” correctly , hop into windowed mode and press “ Alt - F2 ” .
Then type “ spell : ” followed by your best attempt at spelling the word you need .
Krunner will offer suggestions .
8. Unit converter
Are you planning to visit any country outside of the U.S. and cannot understand why people “ do n’t speak American ” ?
KDE will rescue you again .
Open Krunner and enter a number and any unit you can imagine .
By default , it will convert that unit to meters .
Add “ in ” or “ as ” followed by another unit , and it will immediately output the conversion .
For example , type “ 5 miles in cm ” and it will output : “ 804672 centimeters ” .
7. Contact finder
Whenever you need to shoot off a quick email , just type in the name of a person in your address book ( You must use Kaddressbook for this work ) .
Krunner will pull up any names close to what you type and display : “ Mail to so - and - so ” .
6. Website launcher
Krunner can launch any website you type in your default browser .
It will also use konqueror shortcuts .
For example , to search Google Images , enter : “ images : pandas ” .
It will display its function before you press enter : “ Search Google Image Search for pandas ” .
It can also launch bookmarks and browser history .
5. Location launch
Are you tired of navigating through file folders ?
Just type in the folder you want to reach in Krunner .
If you want to open your Music folder , just type “ Music ” .
It is really that simple .
4. Desktop search
You know you typed a paper two years ago on tectonic plate shifting , but you just cannot find it .
If you are using Strigi , KDE ’s desktop search system , Krunner can find it .
Type in any search terms you want and let the desktop searching do the rest .
3 . Task manager
A slimmed down version of ksysguard , KDE ’s task manager is available as a component within Krunner .
Users can access it by clicking on the second icon from the left in the Krunner window or by pressing Ctrl - Esc anywhere within KDE .
It is quick and easy , allowing you to monitor CPU and Memory usage .
You can also kill applications at will .
Use with care .
2. Application search
Suppose you want to launch a card game but cannot remember the name .
Just type in “ card ” into Krunner , and your card game applications will appear .
You can also begin typing the name of an application , and Krunner will display all the applications that start with those letters while you are typing .
1. Command launcher
Even with all of the new features , nothing beats the original .
Krunner is still a command launcher and still keeps a history of commands you have launched , which you can display either by beginning to retype them or opening the drop - down menu .
Therefore , you only have to type “ kdesudo kate /etc/X11/xorg.conf ” once , and Krunner will remember it the next 20 times you want to tweak your X server .
Perhaps the greatest thing about Krunner is that it is extensible .
Many of the plugins mentioned above were authored by users who were not on the original Krunner development team .
Anyone can write a plugin , making the possibilities endless .
Any plugins you do not like can be disabled , so KDE 3 purists can return it to command - launching - only status anytime they like .
That is also useful on slower machines .
With each release of KDE , however , Krunner will be even faster , with more awesome features to add the list .
* Note : These features are presented as they currently appear in KDE 4.3 , scheduled to be released at the end of July 2009 .
The question , of course , is whether even Wal - Mart can make it happen .
“ I think it ’s going to be a lot of work for a lot of people , ” said Jon Johnson , a professor in the Sam M. Walton College of Business at the University of Arkansas , whom the company asked to help create the index , along with Jay Golden at Arizona State University .
“ But obviously we ’re optimistic about the prospects . ”
Joe Cavaliere , a senior vice president for customer development at Unilever , a big Wal - Mart supplier , called the indexing idea “ a great move forward for the industry . ”
Wal - Mart ’s sheer size has long enabled it to create ripple effects throughout corporate America whenever it adopts new ways of doing business .
For instance , Len Sauers , the vice president for global sustainability at Procter & Gamble , recalls that a few years ago , when his company and a few others began selling concentrated laundry detergent that uses 50 percent less water  and allows for a smaller container using less plastic  that version was slow to catch on .
In 2007 , Wal - Mart decided it would sell only the concentrated detergents .
“ Because of Wal - Mart ’s leadership in that area , they were able to set a standard for the entire industry , ” Mr. Sauers said .
“ That opened the door to allow it to progress very , very quickly . ”
Procter & Gamble said sharing the new sustainability index across the industry was important .
“ The last thing a supplier really wants is when you ’re doing a separate index for every retailer , ” said Tim Marrin , associate director of external relations for Procter & Gamble .
“ Wal - Mart has invited the Targets , the Costcos , the Tescos of the world , ” he said , “ to come up with a solution so that there are not 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 different standards that retailers are implementing in their markets . ”
But creating a single set of measurements for the entire retailing industry will be complicated .
For one thing , some suppliers have concerns about their proprietary information .
NFL superfans facing fall without live football
The league 's most devoted supporters have game attendance streaks dating back years — even decades .
How are they handling the end ?
' I do n't like it , but I accept it ' »
There are hundreds of studies and thousands of opinions , and Tom Baranowski , a professor of pediatric nutrition at the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston , says they ’re inconclusive .
He has reviewed research suggesting that there are viral prompts for childhood obesity and research suggesting that children fond of fruits and vegetables are n’t any less heavy than those mad for Mountain Dew .
Image THE BIG QUESTION
What role should parents play in what children eat ?
Credit ...
Karen Kasmauski/Corbis
Dr. Baranowski ’s verdict ?
“ A lot more work needs to be done . ”
Diet , it seems , is a dirty word .
A Stanford University study found that a father ’s projected attention to and remarks about a daughter ’s weight may increase her risk of eating disorders .
A University of Minnesota study found that children whose parents encouraged diets were significantly more likely to remain overweight than those whose parents did n’t .
Cynthia M. Bulik , the director of the University of North Carolina Eating Disorders Program , explained that “ diet ” implies deprivation , “ and deprivation goes into that whole mindset that , ‘ I deserve something when this is over , and this is short term . ’
And it ca n’t be .
It ’s got to roll right into a lifestyle . ”
Those words ring true for me .
As a fat boy who ate expansively and compulsively , I went on the first of many strict diets at age 8  and thereby commenced decades of untenable regimens and compensatory pig-outs , of binging and purging .
But my outsize hunger seemed flat - out chromosomal , and my insecurity about it predated those early weight - loss schemes .
Should my parents have forbidden them ?
What ’s the best course for today ’s parent , in a society where fast - food come - ons drown out Alice Waters , and models no thicker than swizzle sticks still rule fashion magazines ?
“ We get nutrition advice , but that ’s not the same as eating advice , ” said Rebecca Saidenberg , a Manhattan mother of a 16 - year - old girl , referring to child - rearing tips .
She said that as her daughter went through puberty , she worked particularly hard to encourage healthy habits  balanced meals , restrained portions  in the hopes of minimizing the chances of a weight problem that might follow her daughter through life .
At the same time , Ms. Saidenberg wanted to push back against “ a trend of treating food like medicine . ”
Epigraph
And the shadow fell upon the Land , and the World was riven stone from stone .
The oceans fled , and the mountains were swallowed up , and the nations were scattered to the eight corners of the World .
The moon was as blood , and the sun was as ashes .
The seas boiled , and the living envied the dead .
All was shattered , and all but memory lost , and one memory above all others , of him who brought the Shadow and the Breaking of the World .
And him they named Dragon .
( from Aleth nin Taerin alta Camora ,
The Breaking of the World .
Author unknown , the Fourth Age )
And it came to pass in those days , as it had come before and would come again , that the Dark lay heavy on the land and weighed down the hearts of men , and the green things failed , and hope died .
And men cried out to the Creator , saying , O Light of the Heavens , Light of the World , let the Promised One be born of the mountain , according to the prophecies , as he was in ages past and will be in ages to come .
Let the Prince of the Morning sing to the land that green things will grow and the valleys give forth lambs .
Let the arm of the Lord of the Dawn shelter us from the Dark , and the great sword of justice defend us .
Let the Dragon ride again on the winds of time .
( from Charal Drianaan te Calamon ,
The Cycle of the Dragon .
Author unknown , the Fourth Age )
Do we owe the French and other Europeans a second look when it comes to their willingness to exercise power in today ’s world ?
Was it really fair for some to call the French and other Europeans “ cheese - eating surrender monkeys ? ”
Is it time to restore the French in “ French fries ” at the Congressional dining room , and stop calling them “ Freedom Fries ? ”
Why do I ask these profound questions ?
Because we are once again having one of those big troop debates :
Do we send more forces to Afghanistan , and are we ready to do what it takes to “ win ” there ?
This argument will be framed in many ways , but you can set your watch on these chest - thumpers : “ toughness , ” “ grit , ” “ fortitude , ” “ willingness to do whatever it takes to realize big stakes ”  all the qualities we tend to see in ourselves , with some justification , but not in Europeans .
But are we really that tough ?
If the metric is a willingness to send troops to Iraq and Afghanistan and consider the use of force against Iran , the answer is yes .
And we should be eternally grateful to the Americans willing to go off and fight those fights .
But in another way  when it comes to doing things that would actually weaken the people we are sending our boys and girls to fight  we are total wimps .
We are , in fact , the wimps of the world .
We are , in fact , so wimpy our politicians are afraid to even talk about how wimpy we are .
How so ?
France today generates nearly 80 percent of its electricity from nuclear power plants , and it has managed to deal with all the radioactive waste issues without any problems or panics .
And us ?
We get about 20 percent and have not been able or willing to build one new nuclear plant since the Three Mile Island accident in 1979 , even though that accident led to no deaths or injuries to plant workers or neighbors .
We ’re too afraid to store nuclear waste deep in Nevada ’s Yucca Mountain  totally safe  at a time when French mayors clamor to have reactors in their towns to create jobs .
In short , the French stayed the course on clean nuclear power , despite Three Mile Island and Chernobyl , and we ran for cover .
Accidents happen in seconds and can change lives forever .
If you or someone in your family is injured as a result of someone else ’s negligence , you should not have to suffer a financial setback on top of the injuries .
However , insurance representatives are told to focus on their company ’s bottom line and are well - schooled in minimizing the amounts they pay out to injured parties .
If you are injured , you need knowledgeable and assertive legal counsel in your corner to stand up to insurance companies and recover the full amount you deserve .
Attorneys Larry Klein and Chris Carney of Klein & Carney Co. , L.P.A. Law Offices , in Cleveland , bring more than 65 years of cumulative experience to every case .
by Miguel de Icaza
Noah Hart did a line - by - line port of Sqlite to C# and has uploaded the code to code.google.com/p/csharp-sqlite .
The frequently asked questions on the web site talks about performance ( it is about 5 times slower than native code , but still , it can do 1.5 million selects per second , 300 k inserts per second ) .
Still , not bad for a line - by - line port ; Folks on the #mono channel on irc.gnome.org a couple of days ago were commenting on the possible ways of tuning it up by not forcing the C way where the C# way would work just fine .
The potential for this library is huge .
It could be used for ASP.
NET servers running in medium trust mode , or it could be used by Silverlight applications .
It seems like Tim Anderson is attempting to remove all the P / Invokes from it to make it run on Silverlight ( the P / Invokes are mostly used for doing file - level locking ; Again part of the line - by - line history of it ) .
Sara Krulwich / The New York Times
Obituary : Larry Gelbart , Comedy Writer , Dies at 81
Larry Gelbart , the veteran comedy writer who composed gags and zingers for comic greats like Sid Caesar , Bob Hope and George Burns , and whose six - decade career spanned radio , theater , television and film , has died , CNN.com reported .
He was 81 .
His wife , Pat Gelbart , told CNN that he died Friday from cancer at his home in Beverly Hills .
After catching his first break at the age of 16 when his father , a barber , boasted about his son to a customer — the comedian Danny Thomas — Mr. Gelbart went on to share a writer ’s room with Neil Simon and Mel Brooks on television ’s “ Caesar ’s Hour ” ; develop the television adaptation of “ M * A * S*H , ” and write its pilot , along with 56 more episodes of the show ; write the books for the musicals “ A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum ” and “ City of Angels ” ; and write the screenplays for “ Tootsie ” ( with Murray Schisgal ) and “ Oh , God ! ” among other comedy films .
He won two Tony Awards ( for “ Forum ” and “ City of Angels ” ) , and earned 12 Emmy nominations ( winning once for “ M * A * S* H ” ) and two Academy Award nominations ( for “ Tootsie ” and “ Oh , God ! ” ) .
An obituary by Robert Berkvist can be found here .
Apple announced today that 2 billion iPhone and iPod touch apps have been downloaded since the App Store launched on July 11 , 2008 .
As the number of apps ( now 85,000 ) and number of iPhones and iPod touches sold ( now 50 million ) have increased , the rate of apps downloaded per day has increased , too .
Since Apple announced that 1.8 billion apps had been downloaded on Sept. 9 , iPhone and iPod touch owners have downloaded an average 10.5 million apps per day .
That 's much higher than earlier this year , when about 5 million apps were downloaded per day , or this time last year , when about 2.3 million apps were downloaded per day .
Meanwhile , any guesses as to the cause of the uptick in September ?
Timing of the announcements certainly plays a role , as does Apple 's rounding to the nearest 100 million .
But it 's a rather steep increase in the daily download rate .
Follow the Chart Of The Day on Twitter : www.twitter.com/chartoftheday
Get This Delivered To Your Inbox
You can get this dropped in your inbox every afternoon as The Chart Of The Day .
It 's a simple .
It 's convenient .
It 's free .
All we need is your email address ( though we 'd love your name and state , too , if you 're willing to share it ) .
Sign up below !
Location : West Coast , Canada
I just got Charlie Phantom from a orphan Kitten Rescue .
He is about eight weeks in this photo .
His mom was killed by a cougar when he was just one week old , so he has been hand raised by humans .
As a result our first meeting he came right up to me … settled himself in my lap for some cuddles and belly rubs .
In fact he actually ended up napping on my chest for a full 15 mins .
Needless to say I am in love .
Bob Chapman | July 30 , 2009
As we enter August we are getting closer and closer to real disruptions with the US dollar , as well as problems with the British pound , as both economies feel the sting of rising inflation within a progressive depression .
The stimulus package has exhausted itself for this year so the economy in the US can at best stay neutral at a minus 4 % of GDP .
The causes of our depression have yet to be addressed as the Treasury and the Fed flood banking , Wall Street and insurance companies with funds to keep them afloat .
The deterioration continues unabated as Wall Street and banking report higher earnings by laying off workers and by playing accounting games .
US debt is on it way to causing a retest of USDX to 71.18 .
The will cause higher interest rates .
There will be a furious effort to re-liquefy the US economy causing ever more inflation .
The entire international financial system is in no condition to meet such a challenge .
The US Treasury is so busy trying to find buyers for Treasuries they have little time to solve anything , as unemployment at 20.5 % throttles the nation .
The economy is not going to recover by saving the anointed few in banking and Wall Street .
Americans and Brits are no longer buying the ridiculous fairy tale of green shoots .
People are catching on that the economy and the markets are being temporarily rigged .
By the end of October we believe banks in the US , UK and Europe will be in serious trouble again .
That should really knock markets and the world economy to new lows .
It could also corrupt any improvement in GDP anywhere .
The problems of 2007 and 2008 will return , because the façade of the public bailout of banking and Wall Street will crumble again .
Further impoverishment is on the way .
More and more will be laid off and they ’ll be no new jobs available .
Savings will be exhausted and most homes that have been financed will be under water .
You must put in dehydrated and freeze dried foods , a water filter and plenty of guns , ammo and clips .
All stocks and bonds should be sold , except gold and silver shares and Canadian and Swiss Treasuries .
All cash value life insurance policies and annuities should be sold .
We ’ll deal with pensions later .
All IRA ’s , Roth ’s and 401 ( k ) ’s that you control should be in gold and silver shares , funds and coins .
The phony GDP numbers wo n’t fool actuality .
You cannot have a recovery without an expanding jobs market and we are going the opposite way .
Devaluation and default are in the air and it is only a matter of time before it happens .
Be out of dollar and pound denominated investment except gold and silver mining shares and gold and silver coins .
Convert as fast as possible .
Following the collapse of both the US and UK economies , New York ’s , Wall Street and the “ City of London ” will cease to be the centers of world financial powers .
Then will come the real investigations and trials of those who stole from the people and committed treason .
And , all the kings ’ horses and all the king ’s men could n’t put the Illuminati together again .
Globalization has been a disaster for the US , Europe and the UK and Canada .
It may have brought relative prosperity to the third world and transnational conglomerates , but overall it has simply been a method of redistribution of wealth .
This deliberate policy by internationalists will eventually push us back into tariffs , a device that helped keep competition fair , not free .
We found out in the late 1700s what damage British Colonialism , known as British mercantilism , visited upon our young economy .
The one - worlders who brought us free trade , globalization , offshoring and outsourcing brought us the collapse of our financial system .
Due to their control of the Fed and the Treasury Department , Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan Chase brought about the demise of Bear Stearns and Lehman Bros. , and caused Merrill Lynch to be bought out .
It is handy when you have the power to destroy more than half of your competition .
Not that they were not broke , they were , but so were GS and JPM .
All these firms and banks and many others used 30 to 50 times leverage , which has and is insanity .
Making excuses for these players does n’t wash .
All they are doing is borrowing money at zero interest rates from the taxpayer , and these are the people who caused this disaster .
Contrary to what the banks say , it will take a lot longer to work out from under their debts .
They are just starting to get hit with credit card debt , commercial real estate debt and face three more years of foreclosures in residential real estate .
We might add that former Treasury Secretary Paulson , on loan from Goldman Sachs , made sure that banks and Wall Street were rescued along with a cluster of insurance companies .
Very little was done to assist some of the deserving public .
Those who were saved were the ones who approved subprime , no -doc and option ARM pick - and - pay loans , along with the rating services , which committed fraud jointly in the sale of collateralized debt obligations .
In addition , Paulson , who threatened Congress with insurrection in the streets if his demands were not met , raised $ 700 billion from Congress .
This is the same Paulson who strong - armed the FASB to change the accounting rules from mark - to - market from mark - to model to allow financial institutions to falsify their books .
We might also add that while he led Goldman he allowed 50 to 1 leverage and he was a major player in securitizing loans .
Banking leverage over the past ten years has risen form 19 % to 50 % versus tangible equity and is currently about 45 % .
In England it is 55 % .
UK bank assets are 5 times GDP , whereas they are 2 to 1 in the US .
It is not cavalier to demand a purging of the system .
No matter what is done by the Fed and the Treasury the music must be faced with a deflationary depression .
Yes , unemployment would go to 40 % , but it is going to go there anyway .
Little effort is being made to deleverage the banking system and that is one of the major problems .
Remember , those banks and those on Wall Street and in insurance that were rescued by the taxpayer were all elitist firms .
U6 unemployment minus the birth / death ratio is 20.5 % .
Job losses are now equal to or greater than at any time since WWII .
All job growth since 2002 has been totally wiped out .
The average workweek is 33 hours as more and more companies request employees to take unpaid leave .
That government says amounts to more than 9 million people , or 5.8 % of the workforce .
Those figures are greatly understated as factories work at 65 % of capacity utilization .
The average length of official unemployment is 24.5 weeks , the longest since stats began in 1948 .
Unemployment is spreading at an unprecedented rate : 92 % of this year ’s stimulus was spent to pay down debt , as savings jumped to 6.9 % .
That spells sufficiently scared .
That should shortly send consumption to less than 70 % of GDP .
The corporate bottom line is being fattened by layoffs .
These problems are going to get considerably worse before they get better .
Homeland Security is going to change their program that allowed local police to enforce federal immigration laws .
The law is very effective – catching some 60,000 illegal aliens annually , most of who are deported .
Now we cannot have an effective law like that can we ?
Thus , it is being done away with .
It increased deportation by some 24 % .
There is no question that special inspector general Neil Barofsky ’s quarterly report to Congress made intelligent heads spin .
Our projection of the government ’s financial exposure at $ 14.8 trillion was woefully short of Mr. Barofsky ’s $ 23.7 trillion estimate .
Incidentally , all of Mr. Barofsky ’s figures are official releases of data .
If we had the time we ’d come close to the same numbers .
Regarding our estimate , we saw only two similar estimates , one at $ 12.8 trillion and the other at $ 14.5 trillion .
It should also be kept in mind that all government figures are bogus , thus , Mr. Barofsky ’s real figure could be $ 30 trillion .
He said that the federal government has devoted $ 4.7 trillion just to save the financial sector .
We ask , what is the real figure ?
Perhaps $ 8 or $ 10 trillion ?
We ’ll never really know , will we ?
That is because the Fed , a private corporation , says it is a state secret and wo n’t release any information .
That is why we desperately need HR 1207 passed .
The Fed has to be abolished ; otherwise it will totally destroy the world financial system .
If you are curious Mr. Barofsky ’s estimate puts every American $ 88,000 deeper into debt , essentially to rescue the shareholders of the Fed .
One of the things that deeply disturbs Congress and we suppose is one of the reasons Ron Paul ’s HR 1207 has 276 sponsors , is that the Fed absolutely refuses in detail to discuss the quantity and quality of assets backing all of their programs .
This means , at this time , losses to taxpayers could be upwards of $ 50 trillion .
Worse yet , the Comptroller ’s Office does n’t – ca n’t account for $ 12 trillion in an audit of the Fed .
They wo n’t even tell us who the TARP recipients are and how they used the funds .
In the final analysis neither the Treasury nor the Fed have any credibility left .
They either lie or stonewall on every issue .
These are the people who are running the financial sector of our economy .
On Thursday , the S&P 500 broke out of a large head and shoulders reversal pattern , which dates back to last summer .
The question is will the breakout persist or reverse .
Industrial production and unemployment are at the lowest levels since the Great Depression .
Commercial paper and bank credit have been collapsing for two years and bank non-performing assets continue to rise .
For the past year treasuries owned by foreigners has stayed steady at $ 1.7 trillion .
T - bill holdings have increased from $ 226 billion to $ 586 billion .
Custodial holdings of foreign central banks at the Fed of GSE , Agency and mortgage debt has fallen from $ 968 billion to $ 807 billion .
T - notes have increased from $ 226 billion to $ 586 billion .
T - notes and bond holdings rose from $ 412 billion to $ 618 billion and GSE mortgage debt has increased an eye popping $ 639 billion from zero .
This is where the Fed is training for its demise .
Could it be that foreign central banks are finally preparing for dollar devaluation and all that money the Fed and Treasury has been printing for banking and Wall Street ?
The Reuters / University of Michigan Surveys of Consumers says July sentiment fell to 66.0 from 70.8 in early June .
Expectations fell to 63.2 from 69.2 in June .
The current conditions index fell to 70.5 from 73.2 in June .
Our Illuminists , Treasury Secretary Geithner , says the Treasury is not in a position to give an estimate of taxpayer losses due to bailouts .
Not only is the housing market not stabilizing , but it is getting worse .
The housing crisis as bad as it is shows that rental vacancies are surging and rents are declining .
The bottom is a long way off at the end of 2012 .
Housing prices will fall 20 % to 30 % more .
Capital
One ’s shares jumped as a result of better than expected earnings .
This was accomplished by not declaring costs of paying back TARP funds and by not increasing provisions for loan losses .
The income was created out of thin air , a fantasy .
Their earnings were really flat , or less than declared .
This bank , like many other banks , has serious problems and is to be a voided like all bank shares should be avoided .
This is an example of the lies and chicanery being employed to deceive by almost all large banks , probably on orders from the Fed .
This week the Treasury will borrow $ 203 billion .
If they do that each month that would aggregate $ 2.4 trillion .
If this happens weekly that is $ 10.5 trillion a year .
World economies , particularly those of G - 7 countries , excepting Canada and Germany , are so buried in debt that they cannot respond positively to further economic stimulus .
The current debt driven crisis within the G - 7 means the euro wo n’t survive if Ireland , Spain , Italy and Portugal default .
The mainstream economists are finally realizing that the system has to be purged , something we believe the ECB - eurozone is already attempting .
The growth of their M4 will determine which direction they will go in .
Next the mainstream will finally discover the manipulation of all markets by the Fed and the outrageous suppression of gold and silver prices .
That is why gold and silver are so important .
They are your only safe haven .
Last week markets were pushed upward by phony earnings reports , particularly by financial institutions .
The Dow gained 4 % ; S&P 4.1 % ; the Russell 2000 rose 5.6 % and Nasdaq rose 4.7 % as the 2 - year credit crisis wears on and the economy feebly chugs along .
Cyclicals rose 10.1 % ; transports 6.7 % ; consumers 3.3 % ; utilities 5.5 % ; banks 0.6 % ; broker / dealers 6.7 % ; high tech 4.5 % ; semis 3.6 % ; Internets 5 % and biotech 26.9 % .
Gold bullion gained $ 14.40 and the HUI gold index rose 3.8 % .
Two - year T - bills rose 1 bps to 0.96 % ; the 10 - year notes rose 1 bps to 3.66 % and the 10 - year German bund rose 8 bps to 3.48 % .
Freddie Mac ’s 30 - year fixed rate mortgage rates rose 7 bps to 5.20 % ; the 15 ’s gained 5 bps to 4.68 % and the one - year ARMs rose 1 bps to 4.77 % .
Fed credit fell 41.1 billion .
Year - on - year it is up 128 % .
Fed foreign holdings of Treasury , Agency debt rose $ 4.8 billion to a record $ 2,787 trillion .
Custody holdings for other central banks under a new secret formula has risen 19.3 % ytd and is up 18.4 % yoy .
M2 , narrow money supply , fell $ 15 billion , up 8.5 % yoy .
Total money market fund assets increased $ 8.9 billion to $ 3.656 trillion .
Assets are up 8.2 % annualized .
Total commercial paper fell $ 3.4 billion having fallen 63 % annualized .
Asset backed CP fell 44.5 billion yoy , a fall of $ 313 billion .
The dollar declined 0.7 % to 78.77 this past week .
Most professionals and investors are surprised to see the Dow over 9,000 again .
Stocks have again become totally divorced from reality and economic fundamentals that when the next drop comes , which it will , most will be caught flatfooted .
There is a total disconnect between the equities market and the credit market .
Of course , the summer ’s thin volume has masked the upside moves .
The Treasury has borrowed last week and will this week some $ 235 billion , a colossal sum .
The Rasmussen survey tells us 25 % of those polled say the stimulus helped the economy ; 31 % said it has hurt the economy .
The week before last the Fed pumped $ 80.2 billion into the bond market and other markets as well .
Last week they removed $ 33 billion .
The more important earnings releases are already history , so we ask what can the market do for an encore ?
The new Japanese ‘ jury ’ system
The Guardian Comment is Free site asked me to do a ( very quick ) comment piece on the new Japanese ‘ jury ’ system and it ’s now online here .
I had to cut my original down to around 600 words and they edited it a little more to fit , and added an awful photo ( where on earth they got it I am not quite sure … ) .
Here ’s the full version …
Disorder in the Court
Japan ’s courts are not usually the subject of massive popular interest in the country .
Salacious details of criminal cases fill the pages of the popular weekly magazines and provide fodder for cheap TV shows , but the court system itself is seen as distant , formal and , above all , dull .
The courts have long been seen as a a rubber - stamping exercise for cases already decided by confession in police cells .
Japan ’s 95 % confession rate has been attributed to a cultural sense of shame , or to the thorough and minutely detailed dossiers of public prosecutors , but according to Amnesty International , the psychological pressure of up to 23 days of isolation and constant questioning ( not to mention intimidation and physical violence ) might provide a better explanation .
In recent years , the issue of coerced confessions has been increasingly recognised in Japan , and the most recent example was the freeing in June this year of Toshikazu Sugaya , a man who DNA evidence has now shown could not have been guilty of the killing of a 4 - year old girl , a crime that he confessed to in police cells and of which he was consequently convicted of in 1990 .
Added to this is a growing feeling that the courts were too remote from people .
So in 2004 , a new law was passed to introduce a new method of adjudication for some criminal trials beginning in May 2009 .
Now the first trial using this new system , a case of murder involving elderly neighbours , has just started in Tokyo .
Some have characterised this saiban - in as a ‘ jury ’ system , but it is actually a ‘ lay - judge ’ system .
Whereas in the UK , twelve ordinary people are called by the courts to hear evidence and make a judgement on the guilt of the accused , in the new Japanese system six citizens join three professional judges .
They not only hear evidence , but are also able to question witnesses and help decide the sentence .
Verdicts are majority decisions but have to include at least one of the professional judges .
It seems an onerous task .
So it is not surprising that many who were originally short - listed for lay - judge duty but did not make the final six for the first trial , are relieved to have escaped not because , as is so common in the UK , they found it inconvenient , but because of the burden of responsibility they felt .
This has particular cultural components .
Strongly - stated opinions and absolutes are not favoured in Japan , and people like to keep options open .
The selection process itself was remarkably complex and involved summoning an initial 100 candidates , some of which were excused on grounds of infirmity or age , and more were then deselected after detailed questioning on their views and attitudes .
Even court officials are now admitting that they may have overdone it .
But why this particular , strange , hybrid system ?
The answer is that it had form .
Japan had an almost identical system from 1928 to 1943 .
During the Taisho period that saw a brief flowering of a more democratic culture in Japan , progressives had tried to introduce a full Anglo - American style twelve - person jury , however , judges , and conservative and nationalist politicians opposed this initiative and forced a compromise : the saiban - in system .
However according to research by Takashi Maruta , the lay - judges still actually challenged the professional judges in many serious cases refusing to accept the confession and dossiers of evidence and preferring to rely on oral testimony of the accused and witnesses in court .
Even in its compromised form such a volatile system offended traditionalist judges ( who like many state representatives saw their power as deriving from the Emperor and therefore ultimately , divine sources ) , lawyers and was hardly suited to the militarist regime that gained control in the 1930s , and was eventually stopped .
But opposition seems rather different this time around .
In the UK , civil libertarians have been fighting to defend jury systems , but in Japan civil liberties arguments have been marshalled by protestors against the new system .
Opponents argue that the selection process violates privacy by forcing citizens ’ personal views to be exposed , and is also authoritarian because citizens cannot refuse to serve unless they have health reasons .
Some have even likened the system to a lynch - mob , because of course Japan still uses the death penalty .
However dig deeper , and underlying these arguments are reactionary and conservative concerns and the once - again rising influence of nationalists , in other words very similar conditions to those of the late 1920s : defence of the ‘ professionalism ’ of judges , and the arguments about the quasi - sacred integrity and necessary distance of courts from popular influence .
More generally though , even though this system is the result of a bill passed five years ago , it seems part of an air of populist desperation from the increasingly unpopular ruling Liberal Democratic Party that faces defeat for the first time in decades in the general election at the end of this month .
However , if nothing else , the controversy over the system has excited Japanese people about the court system , and not just in bloody tales of murder and mayhem , and whatever happens in the future , any disorder in the court that results in interest and engagement in criminal justice has to be a good thing .
' Punctuation hero ' branded a vandal for painting apostrophes on street signs
After enduring sloppy punctuation on the street sign outside his home for more than a year , Stefan Gatward could stand it no longer .
The 62 - year - old former soldier decided to launch a one - man crusade against ' dumbed down ' Britain , and picked up a paintbrush to insert a missing apostrophe .
This turned the incorrect St Johns Close into the correct St John 's Close .
Apostrophe catastrophe : Stefan Gatward makes the change to the sign for St John 's Close in Tunbridge Wells
But he was immediately accused of being a vandal by one neighbour , and his amendments have been scratched off by others who apparently prefer the wrong version .
The 62 - year - old 's defence of the apostrophe comes after Birmingham council announced it would scrap the punctuation from council signs for the sake of ' simplicity ' .
Mr Gatward moved into his flat in Tunbridge Wells , Kent , 14 months ago .
He said today : ' As we are off St John 's Road and opposite St John 's Church , both with the apostrophe , St John 's Close should have one too . '
But when Mr Gatward decided to correct the crime against the language by painting in the missing punctuation mark , he was jeered by a neighbour .
10 items or less : Another grammatical point which angers Mr Gatward
' He told me I was wrong .
He called me a vandal and a graffiti artist , ' Mr Gatward said .
' He tried to tell me that the Post Office would not deliver to the street if you put in an apostrophe . '
Mr Gatward , who served for four years in the Gordon Highlanders in the 1960s , is not just a campaigner for the apostrophe .
He will not join the ' five items or less ' queue at the supermarket , in protest that the sign should read ' five items or fewer ' .
He also gets annoyed when people - neglect the ' Royal ' in ' Royal Tunbridge Wells ' , and was vexed when he saw a major chain store advertising sales with signs saying ' until stocks last ' rather than ' while stocks last ' .
' I fought for the preservation of our heritage and our language but some people seem happy to let that go .
I 'm not , ' he said .
' I feel very strongly about the English language .
These days people write in text - speak and nobody knows how to use the apostrophe . '
He added : ' I 'm not going to go round with a can of paint and change everything - it would be a full - time job . '
A spokesman for Tunbridge Wells council said that the builders of Mr Gatward 's estate were responsible for erecting the signs , and the council is responsible only for maintaining them .
However , developer Linden Homes said any fault rested with the council .
' The sign was approved by the council , that 's our position on it , ' said a spokesman .
Video :
See the whale being ‘ processed ’
The Environmental Investigation Agency ( EIA ) has just released video footage from a whale hunt that occurred late last month .
Baird ’s beaked whales are rare , but are exempt from whaling bans since they are still classified as small cetaceans .
Around 60 Baird ’s a year are hunted commercially in northern Japan and sold in Japanese supermarkets .
However , tests have revealed extremely high levels of mercury in the meat , which could pose a serious health risk .
EIA campaigner Clare Perry says the Japanese government should act to stop the consumption of contaminated whale and dolphin products .
“ The cumulative effects of this toxin could be devastating , ” she says .
Christina Romer and the Council of Economic Advisors have just put out a report on the affect ot he stimulus , also known as the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act .
Among its claims : the stimulus has affected the trajectory of the decline , and employment in August is 1 million jobs better than it otherwise would have been .
CEA ARRA Report Final
Source : American Federation of Teachers , 2019
From the press release :
The American Federation of Teachers is urging public pension funds with more than $ 3 trillion of deferred wages under management to review their holdings in the wake of a new report exposing how retirement funds are at risk through investments in private prisons that profit from mass incarceration .
“ Private Prisons and Investment Risks , Part Two : How Private Prison Companies Fuel Mass Incarceration — and How Public Pension Funds Are at Risk ” was released Tuesday by the AFT with the support of 35 other organizations including the Journey for Justice Alliance .
The report reveals the direct and indirect investments public pension funds have in CoreCivic and GEO Group , which reap billions each year by jailing minority populations and exploiting the school - to - prison pipeline .
The state pension funds named in the report currently hold over $ 75 million in private prison stock .
The report features a “ watch list ” of the private equity firms that own for - profit companies that provide services to detention facilities .
And it reveals how pension funds may be backing companies that put public employees out of a job by funding firms that benefit from privatization .
Private equity firms have significant investments in for - profit corrections companies , and many retirees are exposed through these funds or via direct shareholdings .
The report urges pension trustees to examine their portfolios for exposure to CoreCivic and GEO Group , and to consult the watch list when making future asset allocation decisions .
Both firms ’ bottom lines stand to be affected by the bipartisan passage in December of the criminal justice bill , which added to the political , legal and financial pressure on the prison industrial complex .
Related :
Part One : Private prisons , immigrant detention and investment risks
Source : American Federation of Teachers , 2018
From the summary :
…. ” Private Prisons , Immigrant Detention and Investment Risks ” is part 1 of two special edition reports that the AFT will be issuing to highlight the investment risks to pension funds and other investors whose portfolios contain exposure to the private prison industry or contractors who provide services to immigration detention centers .
Since May 2018 , when Attorney General Jeff Sessions conveyed plans to prosecute immigrants crossing trhe U.S. Mexican border , making it official U.S. policy to routinely separate children from their parents , AFT pension trustees and members have been inquiring about public pension funds that may be invested in companies that profit from detention facilities that house separated immigrant families and the risks those investments pose to members ’ retirement security .
In response the AFT is issuing this two - part report to inform trustees about the top publicly traded companies that are profiting from the detainment of separated families or the incarceration of mass numbers of people — disproportionately people of color — in private prisons .
Public pension funds invested in companies identified in this report may hold direct shares , or may have investments through index funds , private equity funds or hedge funds .
Part 1 of this report identifies investment managers , namely hedge fund managers , who invest millions of dollars in companies that profit from private prisons and detention facilities .
Part 2 of this report will identify an expanded list of investment managers who invest in private prison companies that profit more broadly from mass incarceration of communities of color .
R has a fun built - in package , datasets : a whole bunch of easy - to - use , interesting tables of data .
I found the famous UC Berkeley admissions data set , from a 1970′s study of whether sex discrimination existed in graduate admissions .
It ’s famous for illustrating a particular statistical paradox .
Thanks to R ’s awesome mosaic plots interface , we can see this really easily .
UCBAdmissions is a three - dimensional table ( like a matrix ) : Admit Status x Gender x Dept , with counts for each category as the matrix ’s values .
R ’s default printing shows the basics just fine .
Here ’s the data for just the first of six departments :
> UCBAdmissions , , Dept = A Gender Admit Male Female Admitted 512 89 Rejected 313 19 ...
Overall , women have a lower admittance rate than men :
> apply ( UCBAdmissions , c( 1,2 ) , sum ) Gender Admit M F Admitted 1198 557 Rejected 1493 1278
This is the phenomenon that prompted a lawsuit against Berkeley which prompted the study that collected this data .
R ’s plot function is overloaded to do a mosaic plot for this sort of categorical data .
Very cool .
With just
> plot( UCBAdmissions )
or , playing around after reading Quick - R ’s page on this :
> install.packages ( ” vcd ” ) > library ( vcd ) > mosaic( UCBAdmissions , condvars=c ( ' Dept ' ) )
We have a plot showing admittance and gender breakdowns per department :
In each department , women have similar admittance rates as men .
This seems to be at odds with the fact that women have a lower admittance rate overall .
This discrepancy is an example of Simpson ’s paradox .
This mosaic also shows the explanation : Selective departments have more female applicants .
It ’s easy to see since the departments are ordered by selectiveness .
Departments A and B let in many applicants , but they ’re mostly male .
The reverse is true for the rest .
This means that the overall female population takes big admittance hits in departments C through F , while lots of males get in via departments A and B .
I think these mosaic plots are impressive for visualizing categorical proportions for high dimensional data sets .
Well , by “ high ” I think I mean , more than 2 .
I ca n’t think of a better way to see several cross relationships in categorical data at once .
And the only tuning I needed to do was play around a bit with the order of those three dimensions .
Sources :
Hi everyone , PlayStation 3 ( PS3 ) firmware update ( v3.00 ) adds a number of great new features that we ’re excited to share with you .
The latest update incorporates changes that improve navigation on your PS3 .
First , you ’ll notice some cosmetic changes to the design of the XMB ( Xross Media Bar ) .
We ’ve enhanced the look and feel of the XMB so that it ’s easier and even more intuitive to use .
We ’ve also added network improvements and personalization options to help enhance your PS3 experience .
Additional highlights from update 3.00 include :
“ What ’s New ” – The “ Information Board ” will be replaced with a “ What ’s New ” section , which allows you to enjoy interactive PlayStation news every time you start the PS3 system .
Located under the PlayStation Network icon , “ What ’s New ” displays the latest and greatest game , video , PlayStation Network and PlayStation news and releases , as well as your recently played games , in a sleek , new animated format .
– The “ Information Board ” will be replaced with a “ What ’s New ” section , which allows you to enjoy interactive PlayStation news every time you start the PS3 system .
Located under the PlayStation Network icon , “ What ’s New ” displays the latest and greatest game , video , PlayStation Network and PlayStation news and releases , as well as your recently played games , in a sleek , new animated format .
Status Indicator –
In the top right corner we ’ve added an indicator bar , which displays your user icon , friend icon , the number of friends you have online and a small message icon to let you know if you have any new messages .
The indicator also includes a scrolling ticker that features the latest news from PlayStation Network .
In addition , when you press the PS button , the battery life indicator will no longer cover up the clock .
– In the top right corner we ’ve added an indicator bar , which displays your user icon , friend icon , the number of friends you have online and a small message icon to let you know if you have any new messages .
The indicator also includes a scrolling ticker that features the latest news from PlayStation Network .
In addition , when you press the PS button , the battery life indicator will no longer cover up the clock .
Friends List – Now your PlayStation Network friends will appear in a slightly redesigned format on your Friends List .
Also , messages will now be viewable from each of your friends ’ respective profiles .
– Now your PlayStation Network friends will appear in a slightly redesigned format on your Friends List .
Also , messages will now be viewable from each of your friends ’ respective profiles .
PlayStation Store Shortcuts –
We ’ve added a handy shortcut icon to the PlayStation Store under both the Game and Video categories so you can access the latest content quickly and easily .
– We ’ve added a handy shortcut icon to the PlayStation Store under both the Game and Video categories so you can access the latest content quickly and easily .
Personalization – Personalize your PS3 with new dynamic custom themes and avatars .
Dynamic themes as well as free and premium avatars will be available through PlayStation Store .
A dynamic theme takes your screen to a whole new level as it incorporates animated objects into the background .
– Personalize your PS3 with new dynamic custom themes and avatars .
Dynamic themes as well as free and premium avatars will be available through PlayStation Store .
A dynamic theme takes your screen to a whole new level as it incorporates animated objects into the background .
Trophies – Showcasing your hard earned trophies just got better .
Update 3.00 gives game developers the ability to modify how they display trophies for add - on content .
Base and add - on game trophies will continue to be combined into a single list so you can see where you stand in a game as a whole .
Within that list , trophies will be broken out into subcategories — base trophies and add - on trophies — that way , you can easily view the percentage of your base game trophy collection , and separately track your trophy progress in add - on packs .
Look for this enhancement to be included in upcoming games .
To get a preview of what ’s coming in update 3.00 , check out the video below :
We ’re looking forward to releasing firmware update 3.00 soon .
As always , we appreciate your feedback .
4byte ASN ( autonomous system numbers ) was incorporated into most BGP routers recently .
Since we are running out of ASN no .
given to service providers , authority have stopped using previous Internet 2 byte BGP ASN routing Updates .
The newly found vulnerabilities affect only devices running Cisco IOS and Cisco IOS XE Software ( here after both referred to as simply Cisco IOS ) with support for RFC4893 and that have been configured for BGP routing .
This feature has a critical vulnerability on all recent IOS that support it .
Cisco last week issued — and today updated — a security advisory for its IOS software .
Cisco IOS supporting RFC 4893 for four octet AS number spaces in BGP are susceptible to denial of service attacks when handling BGP updates .
There are two DoS vulnerabilities in the software , according to the advisory :
1. Vulnerability could cause an affected device to reload when processing a BGP update that contains autonomous system ( AS ) path segments made up of more than one thousand autonomous systems .
2. Vulnerability could cause an affected device to reload when the affected device processes a malformed BGP update that has been crafted to trigger the issue .
Workaround – Configuring “ bgp maxas - limit [ value ] ” on the affected device does mitigate this vulnerability .
Cisco recommends using a conservative value of 100 to mitigate this vulnerability .
Cisco says it released free software updates to address these vulnerabilities .
There are no workarounds available for the first vulnerability , software upgrade is necessary .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
The OpenCL system for open heterogenous data parallel supercomputing .
** General Notes on the differences between Haskell and the OpenCL - C implementation ** * Side -effectful procedures capable of returning an error code only return a Maybe ErrorCode , with Nothing returned upon success * Procedures which follow the pattern of returning a pointer to an object and taking a final parameter as an error code instead return Either ErrorCode ObjectType * Procedures which prefix with clGetInfo* merely take the object , parameter name , and parameter size to allocate .
The allocation handled by OpenCLRaw and returned as a Haskell - managed ForeignPtr () * Enumerations and constants are replaced by newtypes for the sake of type - safety .
BARACK HUSSEIN II
Barack Hussein OBAMA 26 years Kanyadhiang village , Nyansa Province Student
Stanley Ann OBAMA Formerly DUNHAM l8 years Wichite , Kansas , UNITED STATES
l96l Nil Nil
B.H. OBAMA , Father Honolulu , Hawaii , UNITED STATES
Embossed picture .
Default exists and will be used if left blank .
Should be around 130 px square .
Office of the Principal Registrar , Coast Province , Republic of Kenya
by Peter Suderman
Single - player video games can help us understand basic economic principles .
But online multiplayer games with thousands of players can help us understand how real economies work .
Just as in real economies , the virtual economies of online game worlds also suffer from the malicious actions of those out to exploit the system .
As the developers behind EVE Online , a popular online role - playing game with a fairly complex in - game economy , recently discovered , surgically removing the small number of offenders can make things better for all the other players .
A small percentage of the game 's players were found to be trading game currency for real money , which not only had serious adverse effects on the game 's economy , but also was the prime source of in - game fraud .
As Ars Technica reports , EVE 's developers decided to take action :
For weeks they studied the behavior and effects these real - money traders had on the game , and then they struck .
During scheduled maintenance , over 6,000 accounts were banned .
... What they found was these real - money traders were not only soaking up in - game , virtual assets as well as hacking accounts , but also taking way more than their fair share of server cycles .
The result ?
Not only did they remove a cancer on the game 's economy , they freed up a huge amount of processor power on their server : the real - money players were some of the most resource - intensive users .
Essentially , this is targeted police action against people committing fraud and illegal transactions .
One might see this as evidence of the benefits of light regulation , but I think an even better to look at it is as an illustration of why most classical liberal economists -- particularly Hayek -- have argued that rule of law is essential for a functioning society .
Even in anarchic online fantasy worlds , things work better when everyone adheres to an equal and agreed - upon set of rules .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
LOS ANGELES , CA — In an attempt to lower costs for law enforcement , Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa is asking lawbreakers to turn themselves in as part of his “ Arrest Yourself ” campaign .
He spelled out details of the program at a press conference Tuesday .
LOS ANGELES —
In an attempt to lower costs for law enforcement , Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa is asking lawbreakers to turn themselves in as part of his “ Arrest Yourself ” campaign .
He spelled out details of the program at a press conference Tuesday .
“ Let ’s say you ’ve just robbed a bank and pistol - whipped a teller , ” explained Los Angeles ’s first Hispanic mayor .
“ As you pull away from the curb , you immediately drive to any police station , hand over the money to the desk sergeant and let him know you wish to be incarcerated . ”
As an example of the program ’s success , Villaraigosa introduced sex offender Manny “ Fishhead ” Joelliana , who took himself into custody after brutally raping a 17 - year - old college freshman , leaving her for dead .
“ Joelliana walked into LAPD ’s Rampart station of his own accord , ” noted the Mayor , “ bringing with him a sample of his own semen . ”
Villaraigosa said that even though Joelianna is a “ dirtbag , ” he is also “ an exemplary citizen ” who saved the police department an estimated three - hundred - thousand dollars .
The Mayor encouraged not only hardened criminals to participate in the program , but also motorists , who he said should cite themselves for minor infractions .
“ If your parking meter has expired , send a check directly to the City Clerk ’s office , made out for an amount that you , yourself , determine will be the hardest for you to part with . ”
“ And by the way , fellas — we do n’t need your semen for an expired meter , ” he laughed , “ – unless you go and rape someone afterwards . ”
Villaraigosa instructed drivers to pull over to the curb if they exceed the speed limit and to verify their driver ’s license and registration , before giving themselves a ticket .
“ If you discover an open container of alcohol in your car , do the right thing and give yourself a sobriety test . ”
Villaraigosa closed his eyes and touched his index finger to his nose to demonstrate .
“ If you attempt to flee , you should use reasonable force against yourself to regain control of the situation . ”
Recalling how far the Los Angeles Police Department has come since its “ dark days of injustice and racial profiling , ” he cautioned citizens not to arrest themselves just because they ’re black or Hispanic .
“ Do n’t slam yourself against the hood of a car unless you ’ve done something bad first , ” he said .
“ Throw someone off a bridge , put a slug in your neighbor ’s head for a dope deal gone sour — then haul your ass into jail .
That way the City of Los Angeles can maintain its moral high ground . ”
According to Villaraigosa , the millions of dollars in potential savings for the LAPD would be reallocated to providing security at championship sporting events and celebrity funerals .
Bisexual Index has come out with a new leaflet titled ' Am I Bi ? ' for those questioning whether they may be bisexual .
It sorts out some questions that bisexual or bi-curious individuals ask themselves in an effort to help solidify their sexual identity .
It also makes an interesting case for bisexuality not limiting the genders to the male and female spectrum , a discussion we had here previously on the post " Is Bisexuality Old School ? " .
It argues that bisexuality is " not an attempt to box gender into two options , it 's the realization you are into more than one option and some people prefer similarity , difference or both . "
The leaflet also provides resources for those who are bi or questioning .
H/T to Bi Media .
Two out of three Americans who watched President Barack Obama ’s health care reform speech Wednesday night favor his health care plans — a 14 - point gain among speech - watchers , according to a CNN / Opinion Research Corporation national poll of people who tuned into Obama ’s address Wednesday night to a joint session of Congress .
CNN is reporting a double - digit bump for health care reform in the wake of Obama ’s speech :
At least one organization ’s focus group found the biggest gains among swing voters :
Support for Obama ’s plan jumped 20 points , from 46 percent before the speech to 66 percent after .
Importantly , Obama also achieved one of his principal goals of boosting the intensity of support .
Prior to the speech , just 2 percent of these swing voters supported the plan strongly while 26 percent opposed it strongly ; by the end of the evening those numbers were virtually reversed , with 28 percent supporting the plan strongly against just 8 percent strongly opposed .
The president was also extremely successful in moving the needle on areas where progressives have struggled over the last few months , making great strides in reassuring voters on issues like the deficits and taxes , seniors and Medicare , choice and control , competition and costs , and government intervention .
When the wacknuts worry about Obama hypnotizing America with his mind - powers , this is what they ’re really complaining about : his ability to move opinion with facts and effective framing .
It was a street party at a popular gathering place , typical of Saturday nights in the Mexican state of Sinaloa .
Drinks , a musical band , a joining together of the mostly young .
Then , shortly before midnight , a white double - cabin pickup screeched to a stop on Palm Tree Street in the town of Navolato .
At least four gunmen burst from the vehicle and sprayed the party with semiautomatic gunfire .
Eight people were killed , among them women and teenagers .
Several more were seriously wounded and remained hospitalized Sunday , said Jose Luis Leyva of the state prosecutor ’s office in Culiacan , the state capital about 20 miles to the east .
The shooting may have been part of a string of apparent vigilante attacks in which low - level criminals have been killed by armed squads thought to be working with drug traffickers , police -- or both .
More than 30 carjackers and robbers have been killed in similar circumstances in Sinaloa in the last few months , according to a count kept here by journalists .
Two of the victims in Saturday ’s shootings had criminal records for stealing cars , Leyva said in a rushed news conference Sunday .
“ Anything is possible , ” he said .
The dead included two boys , 15 and 16 , and two women , 18 and 25 , Leyva said .
The shooters escaped , and witnesses said none of those attacked appeared to have returned fire .
Authorities said they recovered 95 bullet casings from the scene .
Sinaloa is home to many of Mexico ’s major drug kingpins , and the cartels hold sway over large parts of the Pacific state .
Along with the border state of Chihuahua , it has the highest rate of slayings in the country .
As part of a nationwide military campaign , the government of President Felipe Calderon deployed the Mexican army in Sinaloa in 2007 to fight traffickers and restore law and order .
More recently , however , army operations have concentrated on rural regions of the state where vast fields of marijuana have been cultivated for generations .
wilkinson@latimes.com
Turning water into jet fuel ( Image : Stocktrek Images / Getty )
Faced with global warming and potential oil shortages , the US navy is experimenting with making jet fuel from seawater .
Navy chemists have processed seawater into unsaturated short - chain hydrocarbons that with further refining could be made into kerosene - based jet fuel .
But they will have to find a clean energy source to power the reactions if the end product is to be carbon neutral .
The process involves extracting carbon dioxide dissolved in the water and combining it with hydrogen – obtained by splitting water molecules using electricity – to make a hydrocarbon fuel .
Advertisement
Syngas process
It uses a variant of a chemical reaction called the Fischer - Tropsch process , which is used commercially to produce a gasoline - like hydrocarbon fuel from syngas , a mixture of carbon monoxide and hydrogen often derived from coal .
Robert Dorner , a Naval Research Laboratory chemist in Washington DC and first author of a new paper on the technique , says that CO 2 is rarely used in the Fischer - Tropsch process because of its chemical stability .
But CO 2 ‘s abundance , combined with concerns about global warming , make it an attractive potential feedstock , Dorner says .
Although the gas forms only a small proportion of air – around 0.04 per cent – ocean water contains about 140 times that concentration , he says .
Iron catalyst
The navy team have been experimenting to find out how to steer the CO 2 - producing process away from producing unwanted methane to produce more of the hydrocarbons wanted .
In the conventional Fischer - Tropsch process , carbon monoxide and hydrogen are heated in the presence of a catalyst to initiate a complex chain of reactions that produce a mixture of methane , waxes and liquid fuel compounds .
Dorner and colleagues found that using the usual cobalt - based catalyst on seawater - derived CO 2 produced almost entirely methane gas .
Switching to an iron catalyst resulted in only 30 per cent methane being produced , with the remainder short - chain hydrocarbons that could be refined into jet fuel .
Heather Willauer , the navy chemist leading the project , says the efficiency needs to be much improved , perhaps by finding a different catalyst .
Appealing source
“ The idea of using CO 2 as a carbon source is appealing , ” says Philip Jessop , a chemist at Queen ’s University in Kingston , Ontario , Canada .
But to make a jet fuel that is properly “ green ” , the energy - intensive electrolysis that produces the hydrogen will need to use a carbon - neutral energy source ; and the complex multi-step process will always consume significantly more energy than the fuel it produces could yield .
In addition , each step in the process is likely to add cost and problems .
“ It ’s a lot more complicated than it at first looks , ” Jessop says .
A paper on the navy research was presented at the American Chemical Society annual meeting in Washington DC on Sunday .
WWE online , WWE Monday Night Raw , WWE Friday Night Smackdown , ECW , WWE Superstars , WWE NXT , WWE Pay Per View Events , Wrestlemania , Entertainment for you ...
>>> RAW , today , is the period of Guest Host called RAW Guest Host in which any of WWE Universe or any Superstar can be a Guest Host on WWE Monday Night RAW .
I hope that one day I would be invited to become a RAW Guest Host ... hehehehe ...
It 's just my dream !
If I were a RAW Guest Host , I would manage my favorite matches on RAW .
Do you know my favorite match is ?
When I am the RAW Guest Host , I 'll tell you later ... hehehe ...
>>>
Well , last week , do you know who was the RAW Guest Host ?
If you do n't know , please let me tell you ... It was the Million Dollar Man , Ted DiBiase .
And how about this week ?
For this week , American actor , Seth Green was the RAW Guest Host .
Was RAW interesting show for this week ?
Please read more to find out how WWE Monday Night RAW this week was interesting ....
[ Seth Green : Image by Wikipedia ]
>>>
First of the show Triple H , The Game , coming to the ring talked to WWE fans and introduced the RAW Guest Host , Seth Green .
Seth Green came to the ring and showed his feeling as a RAW Guest Host .
Few minutes later , Randy Orton also appeared at the ring .
Our RAW Guest
Host announced a match at the main event , it would be the tag team match between the team of Triple H , John Cena and Seth Green vs. the team of Legacy , Randy Orton , Cody Rhodes and Ted Dibiase .
It was really suprizing and interesting match ... Please Do n't forget to watch it !
>>>
Following the result of WWE Monday Night RAW
13/7/09 , 07/13/09 or 13 July 2009 :
1. Divas tag team match :
The team of Mickie James , Kelly Kelly and Gail Kim vs. the team of Divas Champion Maryse , Rosa Mendes and Alicia Fox .
Winner :
The team of Divas Champion Maryse , Rosa Mendes and Alicia Fox after Maryse gave her super to Mickie James .
2. Primo vs. The Miz .
The Miz got the victory after Carlito interrupted his brother , Primo .
After the match Primo was insulted by Carlito .
3. MVP vs. Jack Swagger .
Who 's the winner of this match ?
Jack Swagger was the winner .
4. Chris Jericho vs. Mark Henry .
Mark Henry defeated one half of Unified Tag Team Champions , Chris Jericho by a count - out .
5. Funny match between Chavo Guerrero vs. Horn Swoggle .
As last week on WWE Superstars 9/7/09 , Chavo already faced Horn Swoggle with the match that he had to knee to fight against Horn Swoggle and that time Chavo lost the match and this week on RAW , Chavo had to compete against the little Horn Swoggle again with one hand tied behind his back ... hahahah .. that 's funny !
The little Horn Swoggle defeated Chavo again .
So , It was twice that Swoggle beated Chavo ...
6. The Big Show vs. Evan Bourne .
Could Air Bourne beat The Gig SHOW ?
Actually , NO !
Poor Evan Bourne was beated by The Big Show with submission .
7 . Here ,
It was the time for the main event match :
The team of Triple H , John Cena and Seth Green vs. the team of Legacy , Randy Orton , Cody Rhodes and Ted Dibiase .
The result of this match was No Winner .
It was the disqualification match !
But what I was really surprized and stunned was that Seth Green was almost kicked the head by Randy Orton .
John Cena on time prevented that bad behavior of Orton .
The Legacy was proud of the steel chair then HHH found his hammer ... The Legacy run away ... That 's was really amazing match !
Please check out the video from youtube of WWE Monday Night RAW 13/07/09 below :
Fiji 's interim government has cancelled a Methodist church choir competition .
Regional choir contests were to be held next Saturday after the church agreed not to hold a full choir festival in Suva , the capital .
But now the government has revoked a permit for area festivals to be held .
Reverend Kerry Enright , from Australia 's Uniting Church , told Radio Australia 's Pacific
Beat the interim government has also refused a permit for an induction service to be held for Methodist office - bearers in Fiji .
" We believe the Fijian government is out to cripple the Methodist church in Fiji , " he said .
The Australian church believed a " deliberate strategy is being followed " to wreck the church 's operations , he added .
He said one reason may be that the Methodist church is the largest in Fiji - about 70 per cent of indigenous Fijians are members .
" And it has been expressing concern in the past about the [ Fijian ] coup and some of the recent decisions . "
But the Fijian Methodists had been careful in their statements and had worked with the government as far as possible , Mr Enright said .
The church there had even thought an agreement had been reached and " there was to be a process of dialogue " with the authorities .
Mr Enright says it is of concern the interim government is interfering with " the life of a church " .
He has spoken to the Methodist leadership in Fiji about the decision .
He said the church learned about the interim government 's decision in the media and was unaware of the reasons behind it .
" They 're mystified .
They 're deeply troubled , " he said .
" There have been tears shed because they just do not understand what is going on . "
He said it was difficult to comprehend how a government would take such a step , adding that the Australian church would work quickly on making a submission to the United Nations human rights commission about the choir ban .
Mr Enright said concern among church leaders spread further than Fiji and Australia .
" Across the Pacific , they are deeply , deeply troubled by what is happening in Fiji and the government 's approach to the Methodist church . "
When you open a New Group dialogue box , you might notice that there ’s something a little different in there , ‘ Pass Through ’ .
What , you may ask is all that about ?
Well , let ’s take a look .
Here ’s the layers that I ’ll be working on ;
You can see I have a bottom layer of a photo of balloons then another layer on top of that of the ‘ birthday boy ’ .
Now I ’m going to add a Black and White adjustment layer to the top , with a sepia tint .
All ’s as we ’d expect , but I ’d like to just have the Birthday Boy in sepia .
I ’m going to put the Adjustment Layer and the Birthday Boy layer into a group folder by clicking the folder icon at the bottom of the layer palette , I ’ll call it Photo , then drag the layers in .
Nothing on my file seems to change here and that ’s ok .
Most of the time I ’d have popped them into a group just to tidy up a bit .
I ’m going to head over to the layer pallet and change the blend mode of the group from Pass Through to Normal .
That ’s better , that ’s what I was after ,
The Explanation
Using Pass
Through keeps the adjustment layer active on all the layers below it .
Using anything else will mean it only effects the layers below it that are within the same group .
After the fall of Tobruk in 1942 , during the Allied retreat in the Libyan desert , an American tank picks - up a motley group of survivors but they face advancing Germans and a lack of water .
Three Devil 's Island escapees hide out in the house of a kindly merchant and repay his kindness by helping him and his family out of several crises .
In the waning days of World War II , the United States Navy cargo ship Reluctant and her crew are stationed in the " backwater " areas of the Pacific Ocean .
Trouble ensues when the crew members are granted liberty .
This is the life of a Hollywood movie star named Maria , as told by writer / director Harry et al , from being discovered in Madrid , Spain , until her funeral in Italy .
After being released from prison , notorious thief Roy Earle is hired by his old boss to help a group of inexperienced criminals plan and carry out the robbery of a California resort .
During the World War II , the crew of a small insignificant ship in the U.S. Pacific Fleet experience an event unlike any event ever experienced by the United States Navy .
A Ship's Captain is removed from command by his Executive Officer in an apparent outright act of mutiny .
As the trial of the mutineers unfold , it is learned that the Captain of the ship was mentally unstable , perhaps even insane .
The Navy must decide if the Caine Mutiny was a criminal act , or an act of courage to save a ship from destruction at the hands of her Captain ?
Written by Anthony Hughes < husnock31@hotmail.com >
Did You Know ?
Goofs
When the old Captain is leaving the ship , he says that he cannot accept the watch as a gift , but a departure gift from crewmen is allowed , as long as it is a modest amount and no quid pro quo is implied .
A gifted watch would fit that criterion .
When the old Captain is leaving the ship , he says that he cannot accept the watch as a gift , but a departure gift from crewmen is allowed , as long as it is a modest amount and no quid pro quo is implied .
A gifted watch would fit that criterion .
See more
Quotes [ first lines ]
Admiral :
And so today you are full - fledged ensigns .
Three short months ago you assembled here from all parts of the nation , from all walks of life : field , factory , office and college campus .
Each of you knew what the fighting was about , or you would n't have volunteered .
Each of you knew that the American way of life must be defended by life itself .
From here on your education must continue in the more demanding school of actual war .
Wearing the gold stripe of ensign in the United States ...
See more » :
And so today you are full - fledged ensigns .
Three short months ago you assembled here from all parts of the nation , from all walks of life : field , factory , office and college campus .
Each of you knew what the fighting was about , or you would n't have volunteered .
Each of you knew that the American way of life must be defended by life itself .
From here on your education must continue in the more demanding school of actual war .
Wearing the gold stripe of ensign in the United States ...
Crazy Credits
Opening credits prologue : " There has never been a mutiny in a ship of The United States Navy .
The truths of this film lie not in its incidents but in the way a few men meet the crisis of their lives . "
THE TIME - WORLD WAR II . . .
Opening credits prologue : " There has never been a mutiny in a ship of The United States Navy .
The truths of this film lie not in its incidents but in the way a few men meet the crisis of their lives .
" THE TIME - WORLD WAR II . . .
See more
Alternate Versions
There was a version made for school , to be used in Social Studies class .
It edited out most everything except the pertinent scenes of the Queeg incidents and the trial .
The movie ended before the decision was reached so that the class could vote on whether they would convict for mutiny or not .
There was a version made for school , to be used in Social Studies class .
It edited out most everything except the pertinent scenes of the Queeg incidents and the trial .
The movie ended before the decision was reached so that the class could vote on whether they would convict for mutiny or not .
See more
Friends reunited : Stars of hit TV sitcom to make movie version
The cast of Friends are to be reunited once again – for a movie version of the hit TV show , it emerged today .
The six main stars have agreed to move onto the big screen following the success of the Sex And The City film at the box office .
It means Jennifer Aniston , 40 , Courteney Cox , 45 , Lisa Kudrow , 46 , Matt LeBlanc , 42 , Matthew Perry , 40 , and David Schwimmer , 42 , will be back on the same set for the first time since the show ended in 2004 .
They 're back : Friends stars will be reunited after the last episode in 2004 ( above )
Studio bosses from Warner Brothers are prepared to pay a fortune to the stars , who were being paid six figures an episode by the tenth and final season of Friends , which pulled in 10 million UK viewers .
They have also drafted in the show ’s creators David Crane and Marta Kauffman to write and produce the film , due in cinemas in the summer of 2011 .
James Michael Tyler , who played Central Perk coffee shop oddball Gunther , confirmed : ‘ Friends : The Movie is definitely on .
I still keep in touch with a lot of the cast and they say that they are really keen . ’
A movie source told the News of the World : ‘ The cast have n’t set the world alight since the show finished .
‘ But this film could relight some of their flagging careers in a big way .
‘ But everyone knew the story had to be right and well written .
Getting the creators on board was a massive step forward for the project .
Heyday in 1994 : ( Clockwise from left ) Matt Le Blanc as Joey , Lisa Kudrow as Pheobe , David Schwimmer as Ross , Matthew Perry as Chandler , Jennifer Aniston as Rachel , and Courteney Cox Arquette as Monica in the iconic apartment
‘ The show did lose a lot of its shine in the last few seasons , but with the actors all in the forties it would be a real interest to see how their characters have developed . ’
The film comes in the wake of the big screen version of Sex And The City which took an astonishing $ 408,921,925 at the box office .
But , although the cast have always made no secret about a desire to do a film , some have cast doubts about its viability .
Miss Kudrow has said : ‘ It would be so fun to be with all those people again .
‘ But our show was not like Sex and the City - ours was multi-camera , in front of a live audience .
‘ It ’s a completely different feel .
You ’d have to bring the tone down , and I do n’t know how it would be .
I ’ll just stay open . ’
Success to follow : Sex And The City : The Movie made $ 409 m at the box office
Meanwhile actor Mr Tyler , 47 , who is in London for the launch of a Central Perk themed coffee shop in Soho , is keen to reprise his role as Gunther on the big screen .
He said : ‘ The one thing I can tell you is that I am definitely on board to do the film .
‘ I really loved my time on the show and I am looking forward to meeting up with the old gang again .
‘ I just hope we can do justice to the show in a film . ’
What are they doing now ?
DAVID SCHWIMMER ( Ross Geller ) has had the biggest critical success with a range of theatrical roles including the play Some Girl(s ) in London alongside Catherine Tate .
He also directed 2007 British film Run Fatboy Run .
JENNIFER ANISTON ( Rachel Green ) has had lead roles in commercially successful films such as Bruce Almighty , Along Came Polly and Marley and Me .
COURTENEY COX ( Monica Geller ) missed out on a role in hit TV series Desperate Housewives and has been relatively obscure ever since .
She was in U.S. TV drama Dirt - cancelled after two series .
She is now set to act in horror film Scream 4 .
LISA KUDROW ( Phoebe Buffay ) had a hit after the show finished with HBO sitcom The Comeback and is now an executive producer on the US version of Who Do You Think You Are ?
MATT LEBLANC ( Joey Tribbiani ) has barely been seen on screens ( big and small ) since leaving Friends .
He starred in spinoff comedy Joey , but it was cancelled after just two seasons .
MATTHEW PERRY ( Chandler Bing ) starred in recent TV show Studio 60 On The Sunset Strip , written by the West Wing ’s Aaron Sorkin .
It was cancelled after just a single season .
He also played the older Zac Efron in this year ’s film 17 Again .
Micro -blogging site Twitter has some high profile users A short - term study of Twitter has found that 40 % of the messages sent via it are " pointless babble . "
Carried out by US market research firm Pear Analytics , the study aimed to produce a snapshot of what people do with the service .
Almost as prevalent as the babble were " conversational " tweets that used it as a surrogate instant messaging system .
The study found that only 8.7 % of messages could be said to have " value " as they passed along news of interest .
Message stream
To get an idea of what Twitter was being used for , Pear Analytics dipped into the Tweet stream every 30 minutes between 11:00 and 17:00 on weekdays for a fortnight .
... a source for people to share their current activities that have little to do with everyone else
Ryan Kelly , Pear Analytics
MP is named Labour ' Twitter tsar '
In total it grabbed 2,000 messages and then put each message it grabbed into one of six categories ; news , spam , self - promotion , pointless babble , conversational and those with pass - along value .
Conversational tweets were those that bounced back and forth between two users , and those dubbed " pointless babble " were of the " I 'm eating a sandwich " type .
When Pear Analytics started its short - term study , it assumed that most of the tweets would be either spam or self - promotion .
This belief , it said , was driven by the growing number of firms starting to use Twitter as a tool to drum up sales .
Instead , it found that 40.5 % could be classified as pointless babble , 37.5 % as conversational and 8.7 % as having pass - along value .
Self promotion and spam stood at 5.85 % and 3.75 % respectively .
" With the new face of Twitter , it will be interesting to see if they take a heavier role in news , or continue to be a source for people to share their current activities that have little to do with everyone else , " said Ryan Kelly , founder of Pear Analytics , writing about its analysis .
Pear Analytics intends to repeat its study every quarter to track trends in usage .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
To see a doctor at most hospitals in China , patients must first register ( 挂号 , gua hao , “ get a number ” ) .
At the hospitals with the best reputations , there is more demand than supply .
As a result , people must line up to register , and there are many unscrupulous people [ 票贩子 , piao fan zi , ticket scalpers or touts ] who will try to register first and then sell their registration to other people later for a profit .
The above video is a news report of the crowd of people waiting behind gates for a hospital to open .
When the gates open , they all rush to get registration numbers .
Most of the people rushing at the front of the crowd are ticket scalpers and it is apparent that the slower people near the back are people who actually themselves need to use the hospital ’s services .
Comments on NetEase :
xu19680930 :
A real - name registration system should be quickly implemented , the key is to crack down on ticket scalpers !
jia.qingxu :
How sad , truly truly saddening .
kè屍魡漁 :
If not a single person buys registration numbers from the [ registration ] ticket scalpers , it would not be this crowded .
dds5433 :
Would a real - name registration system work ?
Anyone who has been sick and has gone to a good hospital have all had to go two or more times to get a number [ get registered ] because the outpatient department definitely will not have any numbers / space the first time you go .
In front of the hospital are a bunch of ticket scalpers , asking you if you want to buy a number / registration .
If you want , then you have to go apply for an outpatient department card and tomorrow he will get you a number before you pay him money .
It is no use .
The only thing left is to reform China ’s health care system .
hzh - hyw000 :
The root [ of the problem ] is benefits !!
These people who are ticket scalpers are also relying on their physical strength / energy for a livelihood !!!
If they all had jobs with reliable incomes , would they do this ???
Additionally , why do you not consider for a moment that people , no matter how serious their ailment , all want to come to these large hospitals ??
dds5433 :
The best few hospitals in every province are all like this .
You guys are shocked only because you have never seen it before .
I have experienced this before at Chengdu ’s Huaxi Hospital .
Registration begins at 7 am , over 20 windows .
I arrive at 6:30 am , and the lines there are just like the Spring Festival chunyun [ the terrible big crowds of Chinese people trying to go home during Chinese New Year / Spring Festival ] .
kiss -p :
Hospitals are places that kill you and expect a thanks .
Last time I was at the Zhongshan Hospital in Guangzhou for a kidney stone , an x-ray / CT - scan and an IV was 500 yuan .
In the end , there were no results .
喜羊羊灰太狼 :
Only SB line up .
At our hospital here , simply paying 100 or 50 [ RMB ] and you do not need to line up , and moreover you can get looked at first .
jxchuangtian :
An ugly society always nakedly reveals its reality .
macoma :
Even if [ Usain ]
Bolt were there , he could not beat them [ the ticket scalpers ] .
Comments from Ku6 :
酷 6网 友 [ Ku6 netizen ( guest ) ] :
This is not a hospital , it is obviously a track field .
酷 6网友 :
In this mysterious country , there is already nothing that can surprise me !
Anything is possible !
酷 6网友 :
What does this have to do with the hospital ?
This is a national system problem .
酷 6网友 :
The registration system should be abolished .
酷 6网友 :
There should not be registrations .
If you are sick , line up .
If you are not , then get lost .
酷 6网友 :
It does n’t matter what we use , it will be no use .
China simply has too many people .
If you make too many babies , the consequences are your own to deal with .
酷 6网友 :
Without looking , [ I know ] it is a hospital in Xiangya .
I have experienced it personally , and am used to it .
Notice the guards at the front door .
This kind of scene they have already seen many times it is not strange to them .
They are very calm .
酷 6网友 :
Strongly crack down on ticket scalpers .
Protect the people ’s right to fair medical attention / treatment , according to the order of who arrived first , relying on personal identification for registration , and when seeing patients , instruct the nurses to always check the registrations tickets / papers with the patients ’ personal identification .
Have you used a hospital in China before ?
My experiences have been okay most of the time .
What were your experiences ?
Hundreds of images derived from classified data that could be used to better understand rapid loss and transformation of Arctic sea ice should be immediately released and disseminated to the scientific research community , says a new report from the National Research Council .
The committee that wrote the report emphasized that these Arctic images show detailed melting and freezing processes and also provide information at scales , locations , and time periods that are important for studying effects of climate change on sea ice and habitat -- data that are not available elsewhere .
" To prepare for a possibly ice - free Arctic and its subsequent effects on the environment , economy , and national security , it is critical to have accurate projections of changes over the next several decades , " said committee chair Stephanie Pfirman , professor and chair of the department of environmental science at Barnard College , New York City .
" Forecasts of regional sea-ice conditions can help officials plan for and adapt to the impact of climate change and minimize environmental risks . "
Projections of future Arctic ice cover are hampered by poor understanding of sea-ice physical processes because few observations exist at appropriate times and scales .
Readily available satellite images are too coarse to capture the details , the report says .
In addition , collecting ground - based data by maintaining manned - drifting stations is challenging due to rapidly changing environmental conditions and the weak platform of ice , and collecting data from observational aircraft flights is difficult and expensive .
" At a time when there is concern that Earth observation systems are decreasing and aging , releasing these images would be a step toward continuing the flow of critical information to the scientific community , " said Ralph J. Cicerone , president of the National Academy of Sciences .
" We hope that these images are the first of many that could help scientists learn how the changing climate could impact the environment and our society . "
During the 1990s , a program was started in which scientists recommended collection and archival of high - resolution classified imagery from intelligence sources at environmentally sensitive locations around the globe , with the eventual goal of declassifying and releasing the images to the broader scientific community for research purposes .
In 1999 , scientists requested that images of sea ice at four locations in the Arctic basin be collected during the summer months ; two additional locations were added in 2005 .
Data have been collected at these sites during the summer months until the present day .
In later years of the program , images called Literal Imagery Derived Products ( LIDPs ) were produced from the classified data at a resolution deemed suitable for unclassified release .
To date , several hundred unclassified LIDPs have been produced from the images collected at the six Arctic sites .
If these sea-ice LIDPs are publicly released and disseminated to the Arctic research community , scientists could use them in conjunction with available commercial and civilian satellite data to provide new insight into critical physical processes and how these processes are represented in climate models , the committee said .
Some of the specific processes that could be explored from the images include the relationship of snow to ice - surface topography , the initiation and development of meltwater ponds in summer , and the relationship of stress and strain and how they are reflected in the pattern of cracks and other features in the ice .
Moreover , the report says that the 2007 and 2008 images would greatly enhance the benefits and value of a broad range of intensive ground - based observations carried out during the Fourth International Polar Year ( March 2007 - March 2009 ) .
The summer 2007 sea-ice coverage minimum was a record - breaking low -- more than 20 percent below the previous low in 2005 and nearly 40 percent below the 1979 - 2000 average minimum .
Such a dramatic loss of sea ice could be investigated in more detail using the high - resolution imagery .
To maximize the fullest potential of the LIDP dataset in scientific research , the committee recommended that the release include thumbnail copies of the images , exact information on the location of the images , calibration information , the time of acquisition , and the information on the pointing angle .
The National Academy of Sciences , National Academy of Engineering , Institute of Medicine , and National Research Council make up the National Academies .
They are independent , nonprofit institutions that provide science , technology , and health policy advice under an 1863 congressional charter .
Committee members , who serve pro bono as volunteers , are chosen by the Academies for each study based on their expertise and experience and must satisfy the Academies ' conflict - of - interest standards .
The unending story of cdrtools
Did you know ...?
LWN . net is a subscriber - supported publication ; we rely on subscribers to keep the entire operation going .
Please help out by buying a subscription and keeping LWN on the net .
Certain unwelcome stories seem to never really go away .
One may think that an issue has been resolved , only to be attacked by a zombie version years later .
It has been almost exactly three years since LWN last wrote about license problems with cdrtools ; the combination of GPL - and CDDL - licensed code in that package rendered the whole undistributable .
Linux distributors responded by switching to cdrkit - a fork of cdrtools taken from a release prior to the problematic license changes - and it seemed like the problem was solved in an optimal way .
The community had eliminated a licensing problem with an important package and disconnected from a difficult upstream maintainer at the same time .
But these problems are never solved , it seems .
In June , Jörg Schilling , the author of cdrtools , wandered into the fedora - legal list with a request for Fedora to resume shipping the " original , legal " cdrtools software .
After a discussion of the type that typically follows Jörg around , Tom " spot " Callaway stepped in with a definitive response ( short version : " no " ) which pretty much brought the discussion to an end .
Life got quiet again until early July , when Luis Medinas suggested that openSUSE might want to switch back to cdrtools .
That was Jörg 's cue to make one of his predictable appearances , inspiring an even longer and stronger version of the kind of discussion that tends to follow him around .
This time Jörg made a direct lawsuit threat against SUSE , but showed his forgiving side too :
Anyway , if you are showing good will with fixing the current problem by starting to distribute the legal original software again , I may give you some time to recover from the mistake of switching to the illegal fork .
One might well wonder about the reversal of roles here ; now it 's Jörg who is complaining about the legality of cdrkit .
His complaints have been posted to the web .
They include the fact that the " wodim " CD recorder packaged in cdrkit is installed as " cdrecord " ( a GPL violation , he says ) , the lack of detailed change information within the source files , the failure to print a copyright notice " as intended by the original author , " an ( unspecified ) failure to distribute " complete " source , and a couple of alleged violations of German copyright law ( which , it seems , forbids any change which Jörg disapproves of ) .
All told , it is a long series of complaints resulting from a simple fork of a GPL - licensed program .
Most observers do not take these claims seriously .
The complaint about the cdrecord binary is ( somehow ) based on the preamble of the GPL - which is not part of the binding terms .
Section 2a of the GPL does require dated notifications of changes , but it 's a rare project which carries those notifications within the source files themselves , as Jörg is demanding .
The complaint about copyright notices is interesting .
Cdrecord has traditionally been a verbose utility , and that verbosity has extended to Jörg 's thoughts about Linux distributors and kernel developers .
For example , version 2.01.01a01 ( from 2004 ) would print things like :
Warning : Running on Linux - 2.6
There are unsettled issues with Linux - 2.5 and newer .
If you have unexpected problems , please try Linux - 2.4 or Solaris .
SuSE Linux is known to ship bastardized and defective versions of cdrecord .
SuSE is unwilling to cooperate with the authors .
If you like to have a working version of cdrtools , get the original source from ftp://ftp.berlios.de/pub/cdrecord/
( The current version , 2.01.01a63 , has lost some of that language ) .
The removal of some of that verbosity is what he is complaining about .
But GPL section 2c only requires the printing of " an appropriate copyright notice " ( not any specific notice ) , and it only applies to programs which read commands interactively , which wodim does not do .
So this claim , like the others , has failed to create widespread worry .
In short , many in the community seem to see Jörg as a sort of comic figure , but that should not be allowed to obscure an important fact : there are some points worth noting behind his complaints .
These include :
Jörg alleges that openSUSE is shipping two related , legally problematic packages : vcdimager and libcdio .
Both packages are GPL - licensed and hosted with the GNU project , but other distributions have recognized problems with them ; Debian has shipped a patched version since 2004 , and Fedora users must get it from an external repository .
Fedora also does not ship libcdio , which is alleged to have suffered a license change which is not acceptable to the original author of the code .
Cdrkit is nearly unmaintained .
The mailing list for changes is a quiet and lonely place .
Jörg states that hundreds of unfixed bugs have been introduced into cdrkit .
The reality , as shown by distribution bug trackers , is a bit less spectacular , but it is true that some bugs exist which might not be present in cdrecord - which is actively maintained by Jörg .
The first issue needs to be taken seriously ; it is never a good idea to distribute code with problematic or disputed licensing .
The fix here is relatively straightforward : stop distributing that code if the license cannot be verified , and , possibly , reimplement it ( as Sun is said to have done with libcdio ) .
The second may be harder .
The freedom to fork a package out from under an uncooperative maintainer is one of the fundamental features of free software .
But forking is expensive ; it only works if somebody else does the work which has been pulled away from that maintainer .
An unmaintained fork is just more dead code .
If cdrkit reaches a point where it fails to work for users , distributors will be left with an unpalatable choice : continue to ship unmaintained code , or go back to the original , with its difficult maintainer and incompatible licensing .
It would be much nicer to find somebody willing to put some time into this important tool .
CD recording is a detailed and tricky task , but we have plenty of people in our community with the necessary skills to work in that area .
The Bathurst caribou herd in the Northwest Territories has shrunk drastically to one - quarter the size it was only three years ago , according to the latest survey by the N.W.T. government .
Final survey results from the N.W.T. Environment Department , released in Yellowknife on Thursday , estimate the population of the herd at 31,900 , plus or minus 11,000 , this year .
By comparison , the government 's last survey in 2006 indicated 128,000 animals in the barren - ground caribou herd .
' Tough decisions ' ahead , minister warns
The latest numbers also show the estimated number of breeding female caribou has dropped to 16,600 this year from 55,600 in 2006 .
" Although caribou herds traditionally cycle , these low levels and rapid decline indicate tough decisions must be made for the herd to recover , " N.W.T. Environment Minister Michael Miltenberger said in a release .
The Bathurst herd , the largest caribou herd in the territory , has been declining since the 1990s .
In 1986 , the herd numbered around 472,000 .
But the numbers can be confusing : part of the Bathurst herd was split off after the 1986 count , creating the Ahiak herd .
Hunting , industry possible factors
The Ahiak herd has not been surveyed since 1996 , when about 200,000 caribou were counted .
That herd will be surveyed next year .
Territorial government biologists say factors behind the herd 's decline could include overhunting , changes in the environment , and the impacts of industry .
For example , the territory 's three diamond mines are located along the Bathurst herd 's migration route , biologist Jan Adamczewski said .
Adamczewski said caribou must cross an ice road that is used by heavy trucks to transport supplies to the mines .
" Sometimes even a small disturbance increases their energy expenditures — they spend less time feeding — and you could start to affect the condition of the cow in the fall , in the breeding season , " Adamczewski said .
' Big , big loss ' : Tlicho grand chief
As a result of the 2006 survey results , the N.W.T. government cut the number of caribou hunting tags allocated to hunters and hunting outfitters .
Last week , the Yellowknives Dene First Nation announced it would not hold a community caribou hunt this year because of the latest low numbers .
Miltenberger said his department will work with the Tlicho aboriginal government on a joint proposal for managing the Bathurst caribou herd .
Miltenberger said that plan could include more cutbacks in the number of caribou that can be hunted .
" It 's a big , big loss .
And when we met as chiefs , yes , you can say that the hunters will not go hunting , " Tlicho Grand Chief Joe Rabesca told CBC News .
" We [ may not ] be allowed to kill caribou — we do n't know that yet , but that 's up for discussion .
We 're going to have a lot of meetings over it . "
The department will also consult with other aboriginal governments and stakeholder groups in November .
By attaching light - emitting genes to infectious bacteria in an experimental system , researchers at University College , Cork , Ireland , have been able to track where in the body the bacteria go – giving an insight into the path of the infection process leading to the development of more targeted treatments .
At the Society for General Microbiology 's meeting at Heriot - Watt University , Edinburgh , Dr Cormac Gahan described how his research team had manipulated the infectious food - borne pathogen Listeria monocytogenes to emit enough light for an ultra-sensitive camera system to detect these bacteria during infection of living mice in real time .
This non-invasive procedure allowed individual animals to be analysed over the course of a lengthy infection and therefore reduced the numbers of animals required for infection studies .
This bioluminescence technology showed the researchers that Listeria bacteria migrated to the kidneys and gall bladders of normal mice during infection .
In mice with cancer , the bacterium migrated very efficiently to the tumour tissue .
The team went on to investigate the possibility that Listeria could be used to kill tumour cells by delivering DNA containing the codes for proteins to kill the tumour .
" Bioluminescence imaging in bacterial infections has great potential to provide information on the cause of infectious diseases , " said Dr Gahan , " The technology allows the researcher to pinpoint exactly where in the body the bacteria reside during infection .
We have also demonstrated that the technology can indicate which bacterial genes are switched on during infection .
The use of this approach will underpin the development and testing of new vaccine and DNA - delivery vectors for protection against bacterial diseases . "
US income gap widest since 1917
19 August 2009
The social chasm separating America ’s financial oligarchy from working people , the vast majority of the population , is wider than at any time since 1917 , according to the latest statistics from the Internal Revenue Service .
The income gap between the top 10 percent and the bottom 90 percent has reached “ a level higher than any other year since 1917 and even surpasses 1928 , the peak of the stock market bubble in the ‘ roaring ’ 1920s , ” according to an analysis of the data published earlier this month by University of California economist Emmanuel Saez .
Saez ’s report , entitled “ Striking it Richer : The Evolution of Top Incomes in the United States , ” shows that the real increase in the concentration of wealth has taken place at the pinnacle of the social pyramid — the top 1 percent , with annual incomes of $ 400,000 and above .
The figures released by the IRS are from 2007 .
They indicate that for most of the top 10 percent ( families with incomes of $ 110,000 or more ) , there was little change in terms of income growth and share , but the top 1 percent increased their share of the national income to 23.5 percent , compared with 22.8 percent in 2006 .
Between 2002 and 2006 , this social layer , consisting of one out of 100 American households , accounted for 65 percent of income growth nationwide .
This trend has held for the better part of the past decade .
During the period 2002 - 2007 , the top one percent saw an annual growth in income of just over 10 percent annually .
During the same period , the bottom 99 percent saw an increase of only 1.3 percent per year , falling well below the rate of inflation .
As a result , the top one percent accounted for two thirds of income growth over the six - year period .
Bringing this income stratification into still sharper focus provides a staggering indication of the concentration of wealth in the US .
The top .01 percent of the population , ( less than 15,000 families ) saw its share of total income rise from 5.46 percent in 2006 to 6.04 percent in 2007 ( compared to just 0.9 percent in 1979 ) .
This 2007 figure amounts to roughly double the total combined income for the bottom 20 percent , some 30 million families .
As Saez comments , “ 2007 was an incredibly good year for the super rich . ”
It was also , of course , the year preceding the greatest financial collapse since the Great Depression of the 1930s .
This was no mere coincidence .
The accumulation of obscene amounts of wealth by this tiny minority is a major factor in the bankrupting of the country and the plunging of the entire world into economic crisis and misery .
Professor Saez points to the dramatic changes in the economic landscape since 2007 , noting that real income is falling across the board .
He points out that in previous recessions , the income share of the top 1 percent has tended to decline because business profits , capital gains and stock option returns tend to fall faster than average income .
“ Based on the US historical record , falls in income concentration due to recessions are temporary unless drastic policy changes such as financial regulation or significantly more progressive taxation are implemented and prevent income concentration from coming back , ” Saez writes .
The present crisis , however , is not just another recession .
Rather , it signals the final collapse of the post - World War II global capitalist order , which depended on the economic supremacy of the United States .
The ruling elite , not just in the US but in all the major capitalist countries , aims to resolve this crisis through a drastic reduction in the income and social conditions of the working class , accompanied by attacks on basic democratic rights and an increasing turn to military aggression .
As part of this global process , the working class in the US has already suffered severe blows .
Some 30 million are jobless or relegated to involuntary part - time work , while wage - cutting is rampant .
At the other end of the social spectrum , wealth accumulation continues unabated .
Seven of America ’s top ten CEOs took home total compensation of $ 100 million or more last year , according to a report by the independent research group The Corporate Library .
This compares to just three who pocketed that much the year before .
Topping the list ( which includes the heads of seven major oil companies ) is Stephen Schwarzman of Blackstone Group LP , the private equity firm , who took in $ 702.4 million — nearly $ 2 million a day .
Meanwhile , Wall Street has set aside tens of billions of dollars for annual bonuses , with 2009 set to be the most lucrative year yet for the bankers and financial traders .
The Obama administration has no intention of imposing the kind of financial regulation or tax increases on the rich that Saez suggests could lessen social polarization and the concentration of wealth .
On the contrary , all of its policies have been directed at bailing out the banks and the financial elite , while demanding that workers accept drastic pay and benefit cuts , the destruction of their jobs , and a series of counter - reforms in health care and other essential social programs .
Commenting on the controversy over Wall Street pay and benefits last week , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs defended the bankers ’ plundering of the economy , telling the press “ I do n’t think the American people begrudge that people make big salaries , as long as they ’re not jeopardizing the good will of the public in doing so . ”
The only alternative to the destruction of working class living standards to maintain the wealth of the financial aristocracy is a socialist one .
It requires a break with the Democratic Party and the building of an independent mass political movement of the working class fighting for an end to the domination of society by the financial parasites of Wall Street .
The banks and finance houses must be taken out of private hands and placed under public ownership and the democratic control of working people .
The vast fortunes accumulated by the CEOs and financial speculators should be reclaimed to pay for jobs , education , health care , housing and other vital social needs .
The return of income polarization to the level of 1917 has profound significance .
That was the year of the October Revolution in Russia , marking the first time that working people took political power and initiated the task of placing society on socialist foundations on a worldwide basis .
The social gap that now dominates US society , and indeed the entire planet , cannot continue without producing an explosive resurgence of class struggle and a new period of social revolution .
Bill Van Auken
Bill Van Auken
KABUL , Afghanistan Aug. 14 , 2009  --
A controversial bill that Afghan President Hamid Karzai promised to review before implementing quietly became law last month , allowing police to enforce language that stipulates a wife 's sexual duties and restricts a woman 's ability to leave her own home .
Karzai had promised to send the bill to parliament before it was published , but this week women 's rights advocates learned it had already become an enforceable law despite heavy international and national criticism .
The Shiite Personal Status Law , which applies to the country 's minority Shiite women , was originally even more pernicious than the final version .
In March a western embassy translated a portion of the law as defining a woman 's role as " readiness for sex and not leaving the house without the husband 's permission . "
Instead , the final language requires Shiite women to give their husband " their sharia rights " when it comes to sex , a reference to Islamic law .
And it allows women to leave their own homes " according to local customs . "
But human rights advocates say the new language is just legal cover for husbands to subjugate their wives .
" It 's symbolic with our society , which is a male dominated society -- it somehow approaches a woman as a second class citizen and approaches a woman more as property than a human being , " says Orzala Nemat of the Afghan Women 's Network .
Less than one week before Afghanistan holds only its second ever contested election , the news of the law 's publishing -- which still has not been widely disseminated -- is unlikely to affect Karzai 's expected victory .
But the way it was put on the books is being held by critics of the government as evidence that Karzai has used state machinery and backroom deals to guarantee his reelection .
They argue that Karzai initially agreed to push the law through in order to please powerful Shiite clerics , who promised him votes .
Shiites represent 10 to 20 percent of Afghanistan .
Law Pleases Shiite Clerics , Who May Now Vote For Karzai
" That 's the way this election is being done , through these deals instead of letting the people decide , " says Rachel Reid , with Human Rights Watch in Kabul .
" This is a government of warlords , behind closed doors , underhanded and opaque . "
The passage of the bill surprised most observers , who had expected a more transparent process after international outcry earlier this year .
At the time , NATO 's secretary general questioned whether western countries should even send their troops to Afghanistan if its government passed a law that " fundamentally violates women 's rights and general human rights . "
Today at a campaign rally , Frozan Fana , one of two women running to become Afghanistan 's next president , said she did n't realize the law became enforceable .
The law 's creators , led by Afghanistan 's leading Shiite cleric Sheikh Asif Mosheni , argue that it guarantees certain rights to women , most notably financial stability .
" In the West , no one guarantees that .
The wife worries about her own expenses , " he told ABC News in an interview earlier this year .
" Now you tell me .
Who is the one not treating women well .
Us or the West ? "
Mosheni and his supporters say Shiites needed their own law to protect against the majority Sunnis , who make up as much as 90 percent of the country .
This was their first chance to implement a law since the Sunni - dominated Taliban were overthrown in 2001 .
Other controversial provisions in the law remain the same , critics say .
Child custody rights still go to fathers and grandfathers .
Women must ask before they get married for permission to work .
And a husband can still deny his wife food and shelter if she does not meet his sexual needs .
Afghanistan 's parliament still has the ability to rescind the law , but Reid points out it is unlikely to single out this law out of hundreds they have the ability to review .
" Given its makeup , this parliament is unlikely to uphold women 's rights , " Reid says .
The law exposes a country trying to balance its patriarchal traditions while embracing women 's rights as practiced in the Western countries that are pouring billions into this country .
The emergency services were called to a house in Berlin 's Hermsdorf district
Police in Berlin say two people have died and a third is in a coma after taking part in a group therapy session .
It is said 12 people were involved in the psychotherapy class and were taken to hospital with suspected poisoning .
A 50 - year - old doctor has been arrested and has been questioned by detectives , a police spokesman added .
The police say the doctor has admitted to administering a mixture of drugs .
Some local reports suggest heroin , amphetamines and ecstasy were used .
The participants were taking part in a group psychotherapy session in Berlin 's Hermsdorf district on Saturday , when the emergency services were called by one of those attending , reports say .
When police arrived at the house they found the body of a 59 - year - old man .
A 28 - year - old died later in hospital , a BBC correspondent in Berlin says .
A police spokesman , Michael Gassen , said : " At this session the participants were given substances .
What kind of substances these are ... has to be investigated now . "
The doctor who was arrested admitted handing out the drugs in order to expand the patients ' consciousness , he claims to offer " help with spiritual crises " and police say his wife also took part in the therapy session , our correspondent adds .
According to local media reports , the group took a mixture of heroin , amphetamines and ecstasy .
It is unclear whether the drugs were injected or taken in tablet form , local reports say .
Some reports indicate a number of the participants who had been taken to hospital were discharged on Sunday .
Come Spring 2010 we 're all going to be eager to hit the beach .
But whether you 're soaking up the sun in Majorca or on the Venice Lido , the most important decision wo n't be the SPF of your sun tan lotion , but which swimwear pieces and bikinis women will choose be wearing ?
Taking their cues from the cutaway clothing trend , cutaway monokinis are the must have piece for 2010 .
Infrequently demure , this is the one bikini trend that is n't for the wall flower but can be styled to ooze both sex and sophistication without ever saying ' easy ' .
GUERNEVILLE , California –
This is n't your dad 's beer .
Or even your grandpa's .
It 's your distant prehistoric mammalian ancestor's .
And you 've never tasted anything quite like it .
See also : Amber Ale : Brewing Beer from 45 - Million - Year - Old Yeast
There are only four ingredients in most beer : Malted barley , water , hops and yeast .
But on the banks of northern California 's Russian River , Stumptown Brewery ’s Peter Hackett is cooking up a different kind of brew .
His unique ale is made with a special ingredient : 45 - million year old Saccharomyces cerevisiae ( aka brewer ’s yeast ) rescued from a piece of amber formed during the Eocene epoch and reanimated in the lab of microbiologist Raul Cano .
The single - celled yeast , unsurprisingly robust for something that has lived 45 million years in dormancy , is shockingly good at making beer , though it ’s not without its quirks .
After all , modern brewer ’s yeast has evolved in the anaerobic environment of a fermentation tank , while the ancient yeast has n’t had the benefit of adapting to the harsh world inflicted by beer makers .
Here ’s a look at the technical nitty - gritty behind the science and art of cooking up a batch of Fossil Fuel ’s first offering : XP Ale .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Mashing -In
Hackett ’s first step in making beer starts in the attic of his brewpub , where he pours giant bags of malt into a grain mill .
There , rollers crack the malt and feed it into a large tank in the brewery below .
Malt is made of grains or seeds whose growth has been stunted at germination , when they contain the highest concentration of starch - digesting enzymes .
In this case , the malt is made out of barley .
Beer can also be made with wheat , oats or any type of malted grain .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
The mill feeds the grain at a controlled speed , along with 170 - degree water , into the stainless steel mashing tub .
It is stirred occasionally with a blue plastic boat oar to ensure consistent hydration of the cracked grist .
The temperature at the mash stage , says Hackett , determines the ultimate mouth - feel of the beer .
This is because the heat breaks down the malt , releasing enzymes that turn the grain ’s starch proteins into simple and complex sugars .
Later , the yeast will consume these sugars and turn them into alcohol .
The Saccharomyces cerevisiae prefers to eat simple sugars .
At this stage the liquid that will eventually be beer has a caramel color and tastes sweet like barley - flavored sugar water .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Boil
After the mash rests for an hour , Hackett circulates the liquid into and out of the tank .
This step , called vorloft , removes any solids or impurities floating in the mixture .
The next step is called sparging .
Hackett moves the liquid , known as wort , into the kettle while adding additional hot water .
This stage releases any sugars still trapped in the barley and dilutes the mixture to create a clear , nearly - flavorless fluid .
At this point the specific gravity – a measurement that determines the density of the liquid , which will be essential later in determining when the beer is finished brewing – should ideally be about 1.050 ( water is 1.000 ) .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Once in the kettle , Hackett brings the diluted wort to a violent boil .
The purpose of this is twofold .
First , because the hot tanks are open to the environment , it ’s possible for free - floating , sugar - loving microorganisms to get in .
They ’re not dangerous to eat , but they could change the flavor of the beer .
Boiling pasteurizes the liquid to avoid contamination .
Its second purpose is to break out any undissolved proteins , which will appear as inch - long strings inside the kettle .
The proteins will need to be removed from the wort before the yeast is added , otherwise they create what is called a protein haze – making the beer cloudy and giving it a viscous character that will affect the ultimate mouth feel .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Over the next hour , the wort will boil in the kettle and Hackett will add flavoring ingredients .
Hops , which are related to cannabis and smell like marijuana , give the beer its bitter flavor .
Later additions ( three total for Hackett ’s special ale ) will add more complex flavors and a floral aroma .
Hops also act as a preservative , giving the beer a longer life span before the flavors go off and the plant 's oils contribute to the overall mouth feel of the finished beer .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
When the hops addition is complete , Hackett shuts the burner off and spins the liquid inside the kettle into a whirlpool .
The solids inside – the undissolved protein strands and hops – need to be removed in order to prevent them from changing the flavor of the beer and interfering with the yeast .
During the whirlpool stage , the solids collect on a mound at the convex bottom of the kettle .
When the liquid is removed , Hackett will transfer it out around the pack collected inside .
After 10 minutes of spinning and 20 minutes resting , the hot liquid , now at more the 190 degrees , is fully prepared and ready for the final step : turning wort into beer .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Fermentation
Once the liquid in the kettle has been moved to the fermentation tank Hackett cools it to about 74 degrees .
Normally , this temperature would drop a bit during fermentation , but the ancient yeast likes its food to remain consistently a little warmer then other yeast .
At this stage Hackett pours a 5 - gallon jug of liquid yeast ( called a brink ) into the side of the fermentation tank .
He locks the tank shut and lets the yeast go to work .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Once the brink is emptied into the tank , the ancient yeast eats the sugars created by the mashing process and converts them into alcohol and CO2 .
During the process , however , the Eocene ancestor to modern brewer ’s yeast behaves differently from traditional ale yeast .
It ferments quickly at the top of the tank , like an ale yeast , but then it continues to ferment slowly when it falls the bottom of the tank instead of going dormant , which is more like a lager yeast .
It 's during the fast and furious top fermentation that the yeast imparts its ancient and unique flavor to the beer .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
At the bottom of the tank , the ancient yeast clumps up and forms a thick clay .
This is because , unlike its modern counterparts , it has an unusually high supply of agglutin – a sticky surface protein and antibody that causes the yeast ’s cell walls to become compact , highly concentrated , and rigid in an effort to prevent foreign bodies from getting in .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Conditioning
After about a week in the fermentation tub , Hackett " crashes the tank " by dropping the temperature .
Normally this would shock ale yeast into dormancy .
But the ancient yeast will continue to eat , so Hackett moves it to a conditioning tank where the beer will sit and slowly ferment for another month .
When the specific gravity and flavor profile is just right , the beer is done .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
A standard ale , made with modern hybridized brewing yeasts , will start at a higher specific gravity .
For example , a regular ale will have a starting gravity of 1.058 to 1.065 and would finish at about 1.014 .
The ancient yeast , however , only eats simple sugars and not as much as modern yeast .
Because of this , Hackett has to start at a lower specific gravity , 1.050 , and it will finish at about 1.012 .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
Drink
After a month in the conditioning tanks , the beer is ready to drink .
Hackett , who likes to think of himself as the Research and Development end of Fossil Fuels Brewing Co. has made other variations of beer with the ancient yeast .
Stumptown Brewery was recently selling a strong , dark caramel , Scottish brew Hackett called " XPort . "
But his original XP , also known as Experimental Pale Ale , is his pride and joy .
" You would have better odds of winning the lottery , " Hackett said of the likelihood that the ancient yeast would brew tasty beer .
" I was very surprised to find that it did a great job .
I was over the moon . "
Description :
More companies are outsourcing their IT infrastructure -- treating it as a service more like electricity , office cleaning , or tax preparation -- and this has profound implications for IT security .
Organizational users care less about the technical details of security .
Products and services change their focus from the end user to the outsourcer .
Industry consolidation results , as non-security IT infrastructure companies seek to bolster their security credentials .
Even the profession changes , as jobs move from individual organizations to the outsourcing companies , and in some cases overseas .
This talk looks at the future of IT security in a mature IT infrastructure industry .
Bio : ( From schneier.com )
Bruce Schneier is an internationally renowned security technologist and author .
Described by The Economist as a " security guru , " he is best known as a refreshingly candid and lucid security critic and commentator .
When people want to know how security really works , they turn to Schneier .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - YouTube has signed a deal with Time Warner Inc to feature program clips from a range of its cable networks , including CNN , Cartoon Network and TNT , the online video site said on Wednesday .
The cast of " Gossip Girl " in an undated photo .
REUTERS / Handout
The move is the latest by the Google Inc - owned video service to increase the range of video clips through which it can sell advertising as it tries to improve its chances of becoming profitable in the near term .
Currently , most YouTube clips are uploaded by users .
But marketers are reluctant to advertise alongside so - called user generated content , fearing the clips will either look unprofessional or feature inappropriate subject matter .
No financial details of the deal with Time Warner were disclosed but both sides will share advertising revenue .
Some Time Warner - owned short - form program clips are already available on YouTube including HBO promotional videos and CNN International news outside the United States .
The new deal will expand the Time Warner material on YouTube , adding clips from programs featured on TV networks CNN , Cartoon Network , Adult Swim , The CW , and TNT as well as some Warner Brothers movies .
Included in the deal are popular programs like “ Gossip Girl ” and “ The Ellen DeGeneres Show , ” and executives said that both sides will work on expanding the deal in the future .
An expanded deal could see more full - length programing on the website similar to Hulu , a popular video service owned by News Corp , NBC Universal and Walt Disney .
“ It ’s really important to get them on the platform and then it opens up new opportunities , ” YouTube head of partnerships Jordan Hoffner said .
“ The content that ’s produced by Time Warner lends itself to short form like the news clips from CNN or the cartoon shorts from Cartoon Network . ”
As part of the deal , YouTube will also be integrating the Time Warner player into the site .
YouTube signed a similar partnership with Disney in March , which included program clips from ABC and ESPN cable networks .
Though YouTube is easily the most popular video sharing site globally , it is under pressure from Google investors who say the four - year - old company has yet to turn a profit for its owners .
Google paid $ 1.65 billion for YouTube in 2006 .
Google has never formally broken out YouTube ’s financial performance , but last month indicated that the site might be performing better than Wall Street and others have speculated .
But with over 20 hours of users ’ videos uploaded every minute , analysts point to the huge costs involved in being the world ’s top free - to - view Web video service .
They estimate YouTube ’s losses run between $ 200 million to $ 500 million a year .
Although YouTube hopes to increase the amount of premium videos from partners like Time Warner , Hoffner said , there will be no move to slow the rate at which users can upload and stream personal videos on the site .
“ Both strategies can coexist peacefully , ” said Hoffner .
Time Warner shares rose 48 cents , or 1.8 percent , to $ 27.32 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Google shares were flat at $ 444.20 on the Nasdaq .
Well , it 's finally over .
The Minnesota Supreme Court ruled 5 - 0 today that Democrat Al Franken won the more than 2.9 - million vote Senate election there by a landslide 312 votes .
Hours later Republican incumbent Norm Coleman conceded defeat to the former comedian .
Coleman said he " will abide by its results " and " now congratulate Al Franken and his victory in this election . "
Republican Gov. Tim Pawlenty has indicated he will sign the official election certificate according to the state 's top court decision .
Now , Coleman , the former mayor of St. Paul , can decide on his rumored run to replace Pawlenty in the governor 's office next year , while Pawlenty ponders a presidential run in 2012 .
Besides bringing an often - blue sense of humor to one of the world 's most exclusive clubs , Franken will be the 60th Democratic vote out of 100 , preventing the possibility of any Republican filibuster if GOP members could ever agree on such a thing .
And providing that the recent Republican turncoat Arlen Spectervotes with his new - found Democratic BFFs , which he 's warned he wo n't always do .
Which explains Rep. Joe Sestak 's developing primary challenge back home in Pennsylvania .
And providing that 91 - year - old West Virginia Sen .
Robert Byrd keeps surviving his frequent hospitalizations .
As reported by renowned Byrd expert Don Surber here , the longest - serving senator ever was released most recently today after recovering from a staph infection contracted while he was fighting a minor infection ..
Texas Sen. John Cornyn , chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , said : " I would like to commend both Norm Coleman and Al Franken on a hard - fought campaign .
In particular , I would like to be among the first to welcome Al Franken to the United States Senate . "
Developing .
-- Andrew Malcolm
Goshdarnit , please click here also to get Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot
Photo : Associated Press
About a dozen people carrying guns , including one with a military - style rifle , milled among protesters outside the convention center where President Obama was speaking Monday -- the latest incident in which protesters have openly displayed firearms near the president .
Gun-rights advocates say they ’re exercising their constitutional right to bear arms and protest .
Those who advocate gun control say it could be a disaster waiting to happen .
Phoenix police said the gun-toters , including the man carrying an AR - 15 semi-automatic rifle , did n’t need permits .
No crimes were committed , and no one was arrested .
The man with the rifle declined to be identified but told the Arizona Republic he was carrying the weapon because he could .
“ In Arizona , I still have some freedoms , ” he said .
Advertisement
Arizona is an “ open - carry ” state , which means anyone legally allowed to have a firearm can carry it in public as long as it ’s visible .
Only a concealed weapon requires a permit .
Last week , during Obama ’s town hall in Portsmouth , N.H. , a man carried a sign reading , “ It is time to water the tree of liberty , ” and stood outside with a pistol strapped to his leg .
“ It ’s a political statement , ” he told the Boston Globe .
“ If you do n’t use your rights , then you lose your rights . ”
Paul Helmke , president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence , said people should not be allowed to bring guns to Obama ’s events .
Advertisement
“ To me , this is craziness , ” he said .
“ When you bring a loaded gun , particularly a loaded assault rifle , to any political event , but particularly to one where the president is appearing , you ’re just making the situation dangerous for everyone . ”
Representatives of the National Rifle Assn. did not return calls for comment .
From the mails received from many beginners , it appears that they are often at a loss in finding the best sequence of moves they should follow in response to a move by the opponent .
In effect , they are asking how to make the calculations for a combination ( a sequence of moves to achieve a specific purpose like mating the king , winning some material , gaining space etc. ) .
In the opening phase , they need to understand the strategic ideas and tactical possibilities for the opening or defense they adopt .
With regular practice , these can become fairly automatic response , so we presume that the problem is not for this phase of the game .
But after entering the middle game where each has to chart his own path , the aforesaid problem can surely be significant .
So how does one proceed ?
You must be very clear about the ideas you have been following till you reached such a stage .
Whatever move supports or enhances those ideas are good , whatever takes away or counters those ideas are bad – unless the board situation makes it necessary to abandon the earlier plans and formulate new ones .
One thing is certain – you know what you have in your mind !
Problem is to guess what your opponent is thinking .
But you get clues from the moves that he is making and do not reject any move by opponent as silly or a mistake unless you become sure of it by observing the disposition of his pieces .
This brings us to the essence of analysis – the moves that have been played ( you can see those ) and moves that are going to be played ( you guess those ) because those will have some link to the moves played not only by the opponent but by you also .
So think about the purposes behind any move and whether those are offensive , defensive or a mixture of both .
Defensive moves should be relatively easy to identify as those will try to counter threats you have posed by your moves or threats that your opponent reasonably expects you to create .
When planning your attack , you may have expected these responses and decided on your counter - action .
But if the response is unexpected , try to see if there is a hidden agenda of a counter - attack or creation of a new defensive resource ( like a stalemate possibility ) and prepare your next moves accordingly .
Offensive moves like a direct attack can be seen easily but those hidden behind some combination may often appear innocent .
So , all moves other than obviously defensive ones should be analyzed for their inherent ideas .
Why did your opponent make a particular move ?
It may be for :
attacking your piece or pawn ( if that is undefended , you can take defensive action but be suspicious if opponent aims at a defended piece , particularly using a piece of higher value as this may be a precursor to a sacrifice or more forces may be on the way )
getting a piece to a better position ( may be strategic but be sure that it does not pose any immediate offensive possibility )
opening the line for another piece ( examine if that creates attacking chances )
vacating a square for another piece or pawn ( see which piece or pawn can occupy that vacated square and what they can achieve )
control of some other square ( look for the piece or pawn which can occupy that square and their possible aims )
providing support to a piece or pawn that is not under your attack ( find why he expects some action around that piece )
creating a decoy to lure some critical defender away ( note which of your defender is targeted and then see which of your pieces or squares will suffer if that defender moves – gives you idea of where the attack may come )
driving your pieces away when capture is not possible ( see how it can help your opponent if your piece is shifted )
starting a long - range pin or skewer ( be aware of this whenever you see any opponent piece taking up a line to your King , or a piece of lower value is positioned in the same row , file or diagonal to your piece of higher value .
Even though there may be other pieces or pawns interposing at that point of time , examine the possibility of those getting removed in some way to activate the pin . )
initiating the process towards discovered or double checks ( these are always dangerous and forcing in nature , the presence of a piece capable of delivering check and in line with your King should alert you about such chances )
offering a sacrifice ( be careful of the possible consequences of accepting the offer unless it is forcing , particularly in the light of possibilities listed above )
Though we have written above assuming you to be the defender , you may keep the same points in mind to plan your own attacking methods and to decide which of these will be most appropriate in a particular situation .
If you have identified some weakness in your opponent ’s position and the possibility of gaining an expected advantage , you may even calculate backwards .
Visualize the situation you want to achieve with your and opponent ’s pieces in required positions .
Then work backward on how the pieces concerned can reach those specific positions from their current locations and you have got your desired combination !
It may look simplistic and I do not claim that it is always possible , but if you can discipline yourself to think in those lines and practice such actions , these thought processes will become your second nature over a time .
A simple but concrete example may make the process clearer to you .
Take a look at the following position with White to move .
You can see that Black has a material advantage of two rooks and a bishop ( of course engineered by White to get his attack going ) !
Black Queen and Bishop , though sitting in White ’s base rank , cannot deliver any viable check and has practically been sidelined .
Black ’s QN is uselessly posted at the wrong edge of the board and his other pieces are still at their home positions !
Black ’s King is exposed in the center while White ’s Knights and Bishop are dangerously close to Black King with the White Queen ready to come up along the semi-open f- file .
Once you have assessed the position and discounted any viable threat by Black , what moves by White can you think of ?
A closer look at the Black King shows that of the three squares ( d8 , f8 and e7 ) accessible to the King , only d8 is viable as f8 is denied by White Bishop and e7 by both Knights and the Bishop as well .
Even if the King moves to d8 , it cannot go further via c7 as that square is controlled by the Knight at d5 .
Conclusion :
If you can deliver a check now ( Nf can do that from g7 with impunity ) , King has to move to d8 and check by Bishop at e7 with support from the other Knight would create checkmate – provided Black ’s KN could be forced to relinquish its hold on e7 .
You also realize that once the King moved to d8 , White Queen can move up ( remember that the Knight has moved to g7 ) to f6 for a checkmate unless Black ’s KN intervenes .
But this Knight cannot guard e7 if it captures at f6 !
So the sequence of moves becomes clear –
1. Nxg7 + Kd8
2. Qf6 + Nxf6
3. Be7 #
If it interests you , this game was played between Anderssen ( the best player around that time ) and Kieseritzky at London in 1851 and the game has earned the title of “ The Immortal Game ” because of the way White conducted his attack .
I am sure any online chess repository will have this game and you can play through the full game – but try to analyze and predict the moves by White ( the game lasted 23 moves ) .
Below is a list of 10 features and changes in Ubuntu 9.10 that you may not already know about …
Or even be expecting !
Ekiga
Ekiga – the VoIP application that nobody uses – will finally be removed from the default installation .
Not only did no - one use it ( or anyone know of anyone else who used it ) , it also took up a considerable amount of disk space for what it was .
It will still be available to install from the repositories if you miss having it sat in your menu doing nothing .
Wine Integration
Installing and managing Windows / WINE applications in Ubuntu will become significantly easier in Karmic thanks to a new level of integration between the desktop and WINE .
Around 50 % of all Ubuntu users currently install Wine , yet Wine does feel very separate to the rest of the desktop - Double - clicking on .exe files is hit and miss , uninstalling Wine applications often does n’t work and inserting a CD - ROM or DVD - ROM and hoping for autorun .
exe to do it ’s thing results in a long wait .
As such , Karmic will see “ proper ” Wine integration throughout the system .
This will range from : -
Detecting and handling Wine installations – including prompting you to install WINE if not installed and clicking on a Windows application installer .
– including prompting you to install WINE if not installed and clicking on a Windows application installer .
Ability to uninstall Wine applications through Add / Remove * ( *‘ Ubuntu Software Store ’)
* (*‘ Ubuntu Software Store ’ )
A gnome control panel for wine applications
. exe applications will have a new icon combining their Applications icon and a generic " Windows Program " icon with a Wine logo when viewed in Nautilus .
The menu entries for Wine will be changed as well .
No long will you need to go to Applications >
Wine > XXX as : -
A bookmark for WINE ’s virtual C:\ drive is now in the ‘ Places ’ menu
‘ Configure Wine ’ is now done through System > Preferences > Wine Apps
‘ Uninstall Wine Apps ’ combined with ‘ Add / Remove ’
Application shortcuts no longer in ‘ Apps > WIne > Programs ’ but ‘ Apps > Wine ’ itself .
For the security conscious , ClamAV – the open source Virus application – will be installed along with WINE to ensure no rouge malware , viruses , etc are installed .
Revamped Migration Assistant
The Migration Assistant usually found during an Ubuntu installation has been rewritten in Python to allow for greater development and maintainence .
Controversially , it ’s also been removed from the actual installer and instead placed under the ‘ System ’ menu of the Gnome Panel .
This works fine for dual - boots , but if a user is totally replacing Windows with Ubuntu they ’ll have no option to get migrate their data unless they boot to the desktop in the live CD first .
It will , however , now feature a greater range of sources to import from , including : -
Operating Systems
Microsoft Windows XP through Windows 7
Apple OS X
Major Linux distributions
Sources
Microsoft Outlook , Evolution , Mozilla Thunderbird Contacts Account settings Email messages Calendar events ( time permitting ) TODO list items ( time permitting )
Apple iTunes , Banshee , Rhythmbox , Windows Media Player Music Playlists
Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Internet Explorer , Apple Safari , Opera , Google Chrome Bookmarks Homepage History ( time permitting )
AOL IM , Yahoo !
IM , MSN IM , Pidgin IM , ... Accounts Contacts
Logs ( time permitting )
System Wallpaper Documents Desktop files Pictures Fonts Bookmarks ( files and folders ) WPA / WEP wireless encryption keys ( time permitting ) IPP network printers ( time permitting )
A New Look For Network Manager
The interface for connection to Wireless networks is also undergoing some changes .
The revisions are designed to do two things :
To strip out all the confusing and unnecessary options and terms that greet users when they try to connect to networks .
To make switching , joining and finding networks much more easy .
New Applet Design
The new Network Manager Applet really builds on the success of Ubuntu ’s already awesome network managing tool .
Below is a in - progress mock up of the direction it ’s taking .
In this re-jigged version , the currently connected network is placed at the top of the available networks list .
This a simple , but logical , improvement over the previous listing ordered by name .
The “ radio ” buttons on each network have been removed and replaced with just one ‘ connector ’ looking icon for the currently connected network .
Several other improvements are planned , but yet to be implemented , such as new icons for secure networks and signal strength .
Connection Dialogs
You can see in the screenshots below how much more refined the network dialogs now look .
Connecting to WEP Networks :
Connecting to WPA / WPA2 networks :
Social Network Integration
Karmic will see Social Networks play an important part in shaping it ’s core .
We should make the desktop more social , making it easier for users to not only use their computer but participate in something much larger , be it ubuntu or any other community they have an interest in .
Karmic has even been dubbed with an unofficial slogan : “ Social right from the start . ”
Gwibber integration is planned for Karmic – from having social data in the Gnome “ About Me ” user profile , using Notification bubbles and the newly expanded ‘ messaging ’ menu .
( Above )
Computer Janitor
Computer - Janitor will be undergoing a complete UI overhaul for Karmic .
The aim is for a “ .. clearer , more usable user interface ” .
I ’ve made a quick mock - up based on the specifications from the information on the wikipage .
UbuntuOne
UbuntuOne – Canonical ’s cloud storage service – will be included in Karmic , but any current beta users will find much deeper integration than currently available in Jaunty .
UbuntuOne in Karmic will be able to use / sync / share the following data between computers : -
Files and folders
Screensharing
Evolution Contacts
Firefox Bookmarks
Notes
Another key feature of UbuntuOne in Karmic will be the option to share data with other computers via LAN .
Wubi Migration
WUBI ( Windows UBuntu Installer ) will gain a ‘ migration ’ tool of it ’s own that will allow existing WUBI installs to be transferred to their own dedicated partition – thus benefiting from faster performance .
When an Ubuntu CD is inserted in an existing WUBI install , it will detect it and ask the user if they wish to migrate their existing set - up or install a - fresh .
Various options during the normal install process will be removed ( such as presenting options to wipe / format entire disk ) and ( finally ! ! ) fstab will be re-written from scratch during the migration .
( Anyone who has tried to migrate a WUBI install to it ’s own partition may well have been greeted with fstab errors aplenty after reboot , resulting in the need for a fresh install . )
Empathy Vs. Pidgin . Still .
Empathy was all set to replace Pidgin as the default messaging in Client … until it implemented Voice and Video chat .
As of now , Empathy is still shipping in place of Pidgin , however a feature freeze exception is being mooted to continue to debate the merits of both clients .
XSplash for boot
Whilst the boot - screen in the video below is certainly NOT the new Karmic boot screen , it is a boot - screen using ‘ XSplash ’ – a boot screen that uses the X Server ( i.e What powers the GUI ) .
It turned up very late in the Karmic Development timeline – arriving a day before featurefreeze 1 !
It seems very likely at that XSpash will be the boot - screen “ manager ” for Ubuntu Karmic .
Source : Phronoix
LONDON , England ( CNN ) -- Britons including Prime Minister Gordon Brown have leapt to the defense of their creaking healthcare service after President Barack Obama 's plans for a similar system in the United States were branded " evil " by Republicans .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown issued a heartfelt message of support for the NHS via Twitter .
Tens of thousands of people have joined a Twitter group expressing pride in the UK's National Health Service ( NHS ) , which offers free taxpayer - funded medical care to all British residents , while leading politicians have spoken out in support .
Republican former vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin earlier this week condemned Obama 's plans to introduce a public heath insurance scheme as an " evil " move that would result in " death panels " deciding who would live or die .
Her criticism has been echoed by fellow Republicans in direct attacks on Britain 's NHS .
In an article , Former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich said British healthcare was run by " Orwellian " bureaucrats who put a price tag on life .
Sound off :
What do you think of the British healthcare model ?
The comments caused a storm of protest in the United Kingdom , with Prime Minister Brown wading into the argument via micro-blogging site Twitter , where a conversation chain , " #welovetheNHS " , is generating huge online traffic .
Britons react to the U.S. healthcare debate »
A posting on the 10 Downing Street Twitter site on Wednesday read : " PM : NHS often makes the difference between pain and comfort , despair and hope , life and death .
Thanks for always being there . "
The message was followed by another , from Brown 's wife Sarah , adding : " #welovetheNHS -- more than words can say . "
Professor Stephen Hawking , author of " A Brief History of Time " , also spoke out in favor of the British system , telling the Guardian newspaper that he owes his life to NHS treatment for the neuro - muscular dystrophy he has suffered from for 40 years .
" I would n't be here today if it were not for the NHS , " he said .
" I have received a large amount of high - quality treatment without which I would not have survived . "
Despite the support , the 51 - year - old NHS is regularly the target of criticism at home , with opposition politicians accusing Brown 's government of mismanagement resulting in long waiting lists and a " lottery " in deciding who gets life - saving drugs and surgery .
Nevertheless , opposition Conservative Party leader David Cameron also added his voice to the defense campaign with a posting on his party 's Web site .
" Millions of people are grateful for the care they have received from the NHS -- including my own family .
" One of the wonderful things about living in this country is that the moment you 're injured or fall ill -- no matter who you are , where you are from , or how much money you 've got -- you know that the NHS will look after you . "
His statement followed comments from one of his own party members backing the Republican criticism of the NHS .
Dan Hannan , a Conservative member of the European Parliament reportedly said in an interview that " he would n't wish it on anyone . "
If people got what they deserved I would have been murdered eight times by now .
I ’m going to be speaking at the OSS BarCamp in Dublin in September .
Given the likely audience I think my Perl Myths talk would be a good fit .
It needs updating though , and that ’s where you can help …
It ’s a strongly fact base talk with lots of graphs , numbers , and references .
A lot has happened in the Perl community since I wrote the talk over 18 months ago !
Lots of the information needs to be checked and updated .
The jobs graphs are easy , as are the basic CPAN numbers .
I ’d like to get updated versions of : the graph of CPAN uploads ( slide 23 ) , test counts for perl 5.10.1 ( slide 44 ) , the graph of cpan-testers reports ( slide 47 ) .
One item that ’s not in the slides , which were written in Feb 2008 , but is in the screencast made later at OSCON ( at 7:00 ) is the statement that “ One quarter of all CPAN distributions have been updated in the last 4 months !
Half of all in the last 17 months ! ”
That ’s an impressive and important statistic but it need updating .
I think I got that from Schwern ’s excellent “ Perl is unDead ” talk , but I do n’t know how he got the figures or , more importantly , how to update them .
( And schwern.org seems down so I ca n’t get the slides . )
At OSCON I also talked about myths relating to Perl 6 ( again , not in the old slides , but starting at 19:20 in the screencast ) .
I ’d like to cover Perl 6 when I talk in Dublin in September , but the status of Parrot and Perl 6 has changed in the last 18 months even more than Perl 5 .
So I need help with good sources of hard data for Parrot and Perl 6 , similar to what I have in the screencast but updated .
More generally , I ’m also looking for new sources of information — hard data about the vigourous health of perl and its community .
Have you seen any relevant talks / slides or blog posts you can recommend ?
Can you help with any of the above ?
Thank you in advance !
Palestinian officials say the families lived in the houses for over 50 years Israeli police have evicted nine Palestinian families living in two houses in occupied East Jerusalem .
Jewish settlers moved into the houses almost immediately .
The US has urged Israel to abandon plans for a building project in the area .
Israel occupied East Jerusalem in 1967 and later annexed it , a move not recognised by the world community .
The evictions have been condemned by the United Nations , the Palestinians and also the UK government .
The US said the evictions were not in keeping with Israel 's obligations under the so - called " road map " to resolve the Israel - Palestinian conflict .
' Deplorable '
The operation to evict the 53 Palestinians in the Sheikh Jarrah district of the city was carried out before dawn on Sunday by police clad in black riot gear .
It followed a ruling by Israel 's Supreme Court that Jewish families owned the land .
Israel wants to build a block of 20 apartments in the area .
The police were clad in black riot gear
The evictions were quickly condemned by the United Nations .
" I deplore today 's totally unacceptable actions by Israel , " the UN Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process , Robert H Serry said .
" These actions are contrary to the provisions of the Geneva Conventions related to occupied territory .
" These actions heighten tensions and undermine international efforts to create conditions for fruitful negotiations to achieve peace , " Mr Perry said .
Palestinian negotiator Sayeb Erekat said : " Tonight , while these new settlers from abroad will be accommodating themselves and their belongings in these Palestinian houses , 19 newly homeless children will have nowhere to sleep . "
Sovereignty ' unquestionable ' Israel considers a united Jerusalem to be the capital of the state of Israel .
" Our sovereignty over it is unquestionable , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said last month .
" We cannot accept the idea that Jews will not have the right to live and buy [ homes ] anywhere in Jerusalem . "
The BBC's Tim Franks in Jerusalem says the houses are in what is probably the most contested city on earth and the diplomatic ripples from the evictions will spread .
The UK joined in the condemnation of the evictions .
" These actions are incompatible with the Israeli professed desire for peace , " the British Consulate in East Jerusalem said .
" We urge Israel not to allow the extremists to set the agenda . "
There are an estimated 250,000 Palestinians living in East Jerusalem and 200,000 Jews .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Consumer Has Dug in His Heels
How do you like this recovery ?
Pretty good , huh ?
Except for the jobs , of course .
And except for the retail sales .
And except for the foreclosures … and house prices .
And incomes .
And consumer prices .
And business profits .
It ’s like a female impersonator … just like a real woman in every way , except for the essential ones .
At least stocks are doing well .
The Dow rose another 36 points yesterday .
In terms of time , it ’s already beat the bounce of ’ 30 … it ’s in its sixth month .
In terms of stock prices , it ’s still a laggard , however .
US stocks are up about 45 % from their low of 6,547 on the Dow .
By that measure , the current reading of 9,398 falls a little short of the 50 % increase registered five months after the ’ 29 low .
Yesterday ’s news was a big disappointment for mainstream economists .
It ’s ‘ back to the drawing board , ’ says The Wall Street Journal .
The dumbbells were already celebrating the end of the recession .
Just yesterday , we reported on a survey of 53 of them .
They figured the stimulus was working and the recession was coming to an end .
Even the Fed seemed to think so .
The Washington Post headline : “ Fed views recession as near end . ”
But here at The Daily Reckoning summer headquarters we were doing some more painting yesterday …
… which means , we were doing more reckoning …
We do n’t know when the recession will end … but we ’re dead sure that those 53 economists interviewed by Bloomberg … and those at the Fed too … do n’t know either .
Few of them seem to have any idea what is really going on .
And now comes news that the economy is not recovering as planned .
“ Even with Cash for Clunkers retail sales fall , ” reports The New York Times .
Retail sales were expected to go up in July .
Instead , they went down .
Bummer .
Economists also expected unemployment numbers to go down .
Instead , they went up in July … and last week , 558,000 people filed for unemployment benefits – up from the week before .
That brings the total to 6.7 million jobs lost since the downturn began in December ’07 .
Oh …and what ’s this ?
Foreclosures hit another record high in July … making the third new record in the last five months .
This is a “ recovery that only a statistician could love , ” says another Washington Post headline .
You can prove anything if you torture the numbers enough .
But if you need a job…or need to sell your house …or refinance your mortgage – good luck to you !
And here …in the spirit of summer …of warmth and camaraderie …we would like to offer the above - mentioned economists a little help : Pssst …. it ai n’t a recession ; it ’s a depression .
Since 1945 , the US economy – and much of the rest of the world economy – has been carried on the backs of American consumers .
First , they spent money they earned during the war years .
Then , they spent money they earned in the big boom of the ’50s and ’60s .
And then they spent money they had n’t earned at all .
They borrowed from future earnings … increasing total US debt from just 120 % of GDP in the ’ 70s … to 370 % of GDP in 2007 .
In the last 15 years of that period , especially , each time the consumer showed a reluctance to continue spending , the feds rushed to give him more credit .
And during the final five years – the Bubble Epoque – debt doubled .
Now , the consumer has dug in his heels .
He ’s not going a step further until he unloads his excess baggage of debt .
Once again , the feds are trying to stimulate him .
The Fed ’s key interest rate is practically at zero .
The feds are pumping money into the economy as fast as they can .
And they ’ll give a fellow up to $ 4,500 if he ’ll agree to kill his old car .
The Cash for Clunkers programs seem cruel to us auto enthusiasts , but they have been popular , all over the world ( more below . )
But what good do they do ?
Even with the stimulus spending … and the stimulating low interest rates … he ’s still not willing to add debt .
Of course , this is just what happened in Japan .
The public sector spent ; the private sector saved .
Net result : an on - again , off - again recession that has lasted almost 20 years .
That ’s a depression .
It ’s a point where the model no longer works .
Look , how could the US economy recover ?
It ’s a consumer - led economy , so the consumer would have to spend more money .
But he ’s not earning more money .
He has no prospects of earning more – not with 10 % unemployment and a punky economy .
So , the only way he can spend more is by borrowing .
Ergo , the only way the consumer economy can grow is by adding more consumer debt .
Is that possible ?
Could the ratio of debt - to - GDP go to 400 % … 500 % … to the moon ?
Well , we ’ve were n’t born yesterday .
We ’ve been around long enough to know that almost anything is possible .
This morning ’s news tells us that the federal deficit through July comes to $ 1.27 trillion .
We did n’t think that was possible .
And despite this inferno of new debt … the 10 - year Treasury bond yields barely 3.6 % .
We never thought that was possible either .
So , anything could happen .
But generally , government stimulus only works when it is not needed .
That is , it only works when it goes in the same direction as the underlying trend … not against it .
Just like you can make a sailboat go faster by unfurling the sails , you can speed up an expansion by offering more and easier credit .
But now , the underlying trend has reversed .
It ’s no longer a credit expansion ; it ’s a credit contraction .
The consumer has had his fill of debt .
He ’s cutting back on his spending and paying off debt .
That ’s what the July figures show .
That ’s been the history of entire downturn .
That ’s why it ’s a depression , not a recession .
It ’s a major change of direction that will take years to accomplish .
Now , stimulus is not only useless – since it is against the major trend – its counterproductive .
It delays and contradicts the adjustments that need to be made .
But wait .
We know what you ’re thinking – that the Cash for Clunkers program is a success , because it encourages consumers to buy .
See .
Sometimes central planning really works , right ?
Yes , and if you look no further than the auto sales figures for proof , who can argue ?
Alas , a centrally planned economy is a perverse thing … where every positive statistic has the crumpled up bodies of tortured numbers buried beneath it .
Take away the ‘ free money ’ from the feds and there ’s nothing left .
No real increase in demand … just a temporary demand based on a temporary and unsustainable stimulus .
Encouraging people to buy too much was what caused the problem in the first place .
Encouraging them to buy more now is not a solution ; it ’s just a continuation of the same flawed policy of stimulating consumer demand … a policy that has been in place for decades .
But now the wind is blowing in the other direction .
The government may not like it , but they ca n’t stop it .
Readers for digital books are steadily becoming more popular Sony is taking steps to open up its e-book Reader and online e-book store .
The electronics giant said it would stop using a proprietary standard in favour of the ePub open format .
Sony said it would have its store converted to the format by the end of 2009 .
Most Sony Readers can already handle books in the ePub format .
This may not mean the end of all locks on books readable on Sony 's device as the ePub format has an option to implement copyright controls .
" Consumers should not have to worry about which device works with which store , " said Steve Haber , president of Sony 's digital reading business division , in a statement .
He added that the shift " allows Sony to make its e-book store compatible with multiple devices and its Reader devices open to multiple sources for content " .
The common format would give Sony Reader owners much more choice about where they get their e-books from .
Many publishers are setting up their own e-book stores to help them promote the works of new authors and remind readers about the back catalogues of established writers .
Sony 's move is also seen as a response to the widely perceived success of Amazon 's Kindle e-book reader - although so far the online store has declined to reveal how many devices it has sold .
Sony and Amazon also face competition from the many other e-book reading devices that are starting to be produced .
Currently there are about 20 dedicated e-book readers on sale or in development .
PCs and laptops can also display ePub e-books , as can high end phones such as Google Android devices and Apple 's iPhone .
Partial figures gathered by the International Digital Publishing Forum suggest e-book sales are doing well .
Wholesale e-book sales in the US jumped from $ 25.8 m ( £ 15.6 m ) to $ 37.6 m ( £ 22.7 m ) during the second quarter of 2009 .
By contrast , sales at the end of the second quarter of 2008 stood at $ 11.6 m ( £ 7 m ) .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you have been unfortunate enough to listen to environment minister Hilary Benn over the past week you may have the impression that Britain is running out of food .
According to the government a growing population , combined with the impact of climate change on food production , will make it harder to feed the country .
The right wing press has seized upon the latest government papers from Defra , the department for environment , food and rural affairs , to warn that rationing will return to Britain and we will have to turn to vegetarianism in order to survive .
Reading the recent documents from Defra is infuriating .
They are full of meaningless sentences and spin and short on concrete policies .
The one thing that is clear is that the government wants British farmers to produce more food .
The reason , it says , is that there are many threats to global food production and making Britain less dependent on imports and more “ self - sufficient ” will increase our “ food security ” .
But Britain is more self - sufficient than it has been for years .
Even the government admits it .
“ Current levels of UK self - sufficiency in food are relatively high compared to the first half of the 20th century , and we are now more self - sufficient than we were in the 1930s or 1950s , ” says Defra .
Moreover , “ The availability of food per person has increased in recent decades and shows no sign of falling . ”
Some have seen the government ’s desire for self - sufficiency as reflecting a more “ protectionist ” approach where British farmers produce more food to safeguard the food supply in Britain .
But the government is not aiming to withdraw from the world market .
It is aiming to position British capitalism better within that market by increasing exports .
Increasing production is not about making sure that people here have enough to eat .
More than enough food is being produced already – so much so that exports are rocketing .
Exports
Defra boasts ,
“ In the European Union ( EU ) , we are part of the world ’s biggest agricultural exporter , and the UK alone exported £ 12 billion worth of food and drink in 2007 . ”
Britain ’s food and drink exports grew by 16 percent in the first three quarters of 2008 .
Meat exports rose significantly .
Exports of lamb went up by 43.9 percent in 2008 , while beef exports rose by a massive 69.3 percent .
And the government will continue to import food – indeed it sees this as a way of achieving food security .
“ Our openness to trade makes the UK very resilient in terms of disruptions from one or a few sources of supply , ” Defra says .
The government is spinning the need for changes in food production as being about two things – securing food supply for ordinary people and safeguarding the environment .
In reality it wants to give more power to business – not to give us a reliable or sustainable food supply .
Let ’s take the environment first .
For all the government ’s alleged worry about the environmental impact of the way we produce our food , the last thing the government is going to do is impose stricter regulations on agribusinesses and farmers .
In fact , it wants to do the opposite .
“ We will continue to work with the farming industry and the European Commission to explore ways to reduce the impact of regulation , ” says Defra .
It talks of “ voluntary ” schemes for supermarkets to sign up to and “ encouraging ” farmers to tackle climate change .
But it will do nothing to make sure that any changes happen .
Government concern about food miles – the distance food is transported from where it is produced to where it is consumed – seems to disappear where British food exports are concerned .
Once again , the competitive drive for short - term profits comes before meeting the needs of people and the planet .
And it ’s a bit rich of the government to talk about ensuring that people are properly nourished .
Dramatic food price rises throughout 2007 and 2008 plunged millions of people around the world into hunger and starvation .
In Britain price rises hit the poorest people , who spend proportionally more of their income on food , the hardest .
Leftovers
What did the government do ?
It could have imposed price caps or provided some foods for free to the poorest people .
It could have banned speculation on food commodities , which would have had an impact on the soaring prices .
It could have increased benefits , pensions and the minimum wage to help millions of people cope with the rising cost of living .
But it did n’t .
Instead it harangued people for wasting food , and issued “ advice ” on how people could make the most of leftovers .
The government itself spends £ 2 billion a year on providing food for people – in hospitals , schools , prisons and public sector workplaces .
Jamie Oliver ’s TV campaigns over school dinners gave just one insight into the low quality of food that the government provides .
The government has not ensured food security for ordinary people .
Its real concern is “ security ” for British agribusinesses .
But hang on , does n’t the government have a point ?
Is n’t population growth and climate change going to lead to problems in the future ?
The world ’s population is growing and will continue growing .
It currently stands at around 6.7 billion and is expected to reach 9 billion by 2050 .
That may sound like a big hike .
But the rate of growth is slowing , not speeding up .
We are not facing a population “ explosion ” .
Food production has outstripped population growth consistently since the 1950s .
The United Nations predicts that it will continue to do so , and even the government ’s own papers admit that the prospects for this are “ favourable ” .
“ Overpopulation ” is a dangerous argument that we must resist .
The right has seized on the “ population explosion ” argument to attack immigrants .
So the odious columnist Richard Littlejohn wrote an article in the Daily Mail newspaper last week entitled , “ Never mind food – stop importing people ” .
The argument that a growing population will lead to poverty and a scramble for resources is centuries old .
But as the world ’s population has increased , the world has become richer , not poorer .
Living standards have increased and people now live longer .
In every modern famine there has been enough food to feed people .
People do n’t starve because there ’s not enough to go around , they starve because they are too poor to buy it .
And people are not simply mouths to feed – it is the people who produce the food in the first place .
A growing population means there are more people to produce food .
The argument about the impact of climate change on food production is more complex .
Climate change is a serious and growing threat .
It is getting more serious as world leaders fail entirely to commit to any measures that could significantly tackle it .
In the most recent government papers , climate change is treated like an unstoppable force of nature that we must “ adapt ” to .
But why ca n’t we try to tackle climate change itself ?
Heathrow
It ’s hard to take the government seriously when it says it is concerned about how food production is affecting the environment or about the amount of food miles contained in the goods people buy .
This is the same government that has approved the expansion of Heathrow airport .
“ Agricultural , land use change and forestry and responsible for around 7 percent of the UK ’s greenhouse gas emissions , ” says the government .
But cars contribute much more .
Road transport is responsible for about 25 percent of Britain ’s total carbon dioxide emissions , with passenger cars alone accounting for nearly half that figure .
And air travel , which the government is committed to increasing , is the fastest growing source of greenhouse gases .
Defra supports “ the development of more advanced biofuels ” .
These are an environmental disaster in terms of deforestation and divert crops from food to fuel , making food insecurity worse for the poorest people on the planet .
The threat posed by climate change is real .
Soil erosion , lack of fresh water , melting glaciers and extreme changes in temperature all have an impact on our ability to produce food .
The government should take real measures to tackle it .
But it refuses to do so – because this would threaten British businesses ’ ability to make money .
Instead , it will use the threat of climate change to tell us that unpopular things like genetically modified ( GM ) crops or nuclear power are “ necessary ” in order to save the planet .
Socialists should not fall for this .
There is a transparent agenda behind the recent government concern over food security .
It is to make changes to food production that benefit the rich – of which increasing the use of GM foods is just one example .
Socialists are not anti-science .
We do not oppose GM foods and crops because they “ interfere with nature ” .
We oppose them because they increase inequality and put more power in the hands of rich agribusinesses while threatening both the health of people and the planet .
The government is not addressing the very serious problems with food production , the environment and the way they impact on each other .
It wo n’t do this because the problem of food insecurity is not simply an agricultural one – it is a social and political one .
The changes that we really need would challenge the interests of the rich .
Hunger in a World of Plenty – what ’s behind the global food crisis ?
by Esme Choonara and Sadie Robinson is available for £ 1.50 from Bookmarks , the socialist bookshop , phone 020 7637 1848 . » www.bookmarksbookshop.co.uk
This article was part of a project we ran to celebrate the International Year of Astronomy 2009 .
The project asked you to nominate the questions about the Universe you 'd most like to have answered , and this is one of them .
We put it to Martin Rees , Astronomer Royal and Professor of Cosmology and Astrophysics at the University of Cambridge .
Here is his answer .
The second part of the question has been answered in Plus by John D. Barrow .
What is dark matter ?
The galaxies in our Universe are not exclusively made up of the stuff we can see , but are held together by the gravitational pull of so - called dark matter .
We should n't assume that everything is equally conspicuous and should n't therefore be surprised by this discovery .
The Earth at night .
Movie courtesy NASA Goddard Space Flight Center .
The image of the Earth at night from space at first glance reveals no discernable pattern , but a closer look discloses many identifiable features — light from major metropolises , oil wells alight in the Middle East , and the warm glow from millions of wood - burning stoves in India .
These beacons in turn outline the familiar pattern of the coastlines and continents .
But most things on Earth do not shine , and were this the only available snapshot of the Earth , we would have a rather skewed and incomplete picture of the terrain .
The majestic mountains of the Andes , Rockies , and Himalayas for instance would be hidden from view .
It is like this when we look outward into the cosmos .
Since stars radiate most of their energy as visible light , optical telescopes remain the most powerful probes , however there are several other windows into the Universe , like radio , or X - rays .
In fact , prominent objects in the radio sky are quite distinct from those that dominate in optical images .
The evidence for dark matter
Many things that do n't shine in visible light can perhaps be detected via other techniques .
The electromagnetic spectrum can be divided into about 80 octaves , of which visible light is but one .
But what we have discovered is that most things in the Universe neither emit nor absorb any kind of radiation and are completely dark .
The evidence for this came first in the 1930s , but was taken seriously only in the 1970s .
Galaxies or clusters of galaxies seem to be held together by the gravitational pull of more material than we actually see — that invisible material has been dubbed dark matter and is thought to make up around 25 % of our Universe .
By observing galaxies in a group and how they are moving around we can then work out how much gravity there is holding them together .
From that calculation we can infer that if there was no more gravity holding the system together than is produced by what we see , then it would fly apart .
We can also look at gases and stars in the outlying part of our Galaxy , which orbit around the central hub , and we can conclude that these gases and stars would escape into intergalactic space unless there was more material pulling them in than what we actually see .
The evidence for dark matter itself is simple and almost incontrovertible : the way stars and galaxies are moving suggest that something invisible must be exerting a gravitational pull on them .
It 's the same reasoning used in the 19th century when the planet Neptune was inferred to exist because the orbit of Uranus was deviated by the pull of a more distant unseen object .
In our Solar System , there is a fine balance between the tendency of gravity to make the planets fall towards the Sun , and the centrifugal effect of the orbital motions .
Likewise , on the far larger scale of an entire galaxy , there is a balance between gravity , which tends to pull everything together into the centre , and the disruptive effects of motion , which , if gravity did n't act , would make its constituent stars disperse .
Dark matter is inferred to exist because the observed motions are surprisingly fast — too fast to be balanced just by the gravity of the stars and gas that we see .
The magnificent spiral arms of the nearby galaxy Messier 81 are highlighted in this NASA Spitzer Space Telescope image .
Image courtesy NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
In disc galaxies like our own evidence for dark matter comes from the measurements of the speeds of stars , and of gas clouds .
These speeds , particularly those of outliers orbiting beyond most of the stars , far out from the central hub , are puzzlingly high .
If the outermost gas and stars were feeling only the gravitational pull of what we can see , they should be escaping , just as Neptune and Pluto would escape from the Sun 's influence if they were moving as fast as the Earth does .
The high observed speeds tell us that a heavy invisible halo surrounds big galaxies .
If there were n't a lot of dark stuff , galaxies would not be stable , but would fly apart .
The beautiful discs or spirals are essentially just " luminous sediment " held in the gravitational clutch of vast swarms of invisible objects of quite unknown nature .
Galaxies are up to ten times bigger and heavier than they seem .
The same argument applies , on a larger scale , to entire clusters of galaxies , each millions of light years across .
To hold them together requires the gravitational pull of about five times more mass than there is in the stars and gas we observe .
There are other ways of inferring the presence of dark matter .
All gravitating material , whether luminous or " dark " , deflects light rays , so clusters can be " weighed " by detecting how strongly they deviate the paths of light rays passing through them .
Deflection of starlight by the Sun 's gravity , observed by Eddington and others during the 1919 total eclipse , famously offered an early — though in retrospect not entirely convincing — test of Einstein 's general relativity .
Gravitational bending of light can be understood via a simple analogy with the familiar situation where a concave or convex lens produces a wide variety of images of a candle placed behind it , ranging from highly magnified ones , to demagnified ones , or inverted ones , depending on the precise configuration of the lens and candle .
Similarly , the shapes of distant galaxies and quasars viewed through the cluster lens produces a plethora of images ranging from highly distorted arcs to multiple images of the same background object .
Knowing the undistorted shapes , the observed ones can be used to infer the mass of the lensing cluster .
The mass thus inferred from lensing observations of clusters vastly outweighs that obtained from adding up the light from the stars in the constituent galaxies and that of the hot X - ray emitting gas .
This points to the existence of significant amounts of dark matter .
This Hubble Space Telescope image shows several blue , loop - shaped objects that actually are multiple images of the same galaxy .
They have been duplicated by the gravitational lens of the cluster of yellow , elliptical and spiral galaxies .
Image courtesy NASA Goddard Space Flight Center .
As in the case of galaxies , the picture that emerges for a cluster is one of a rather massive dark matter halo enveloping the gas and galaxies .
The Hubble Space Telescope has taken spectacular pictures of several clusters of galaxies lying about a billion light years away .
These pictures reveal many faint features , streaks and arcs : each is a remote galaxy , several times further away than the cluster itself , whose image is , as it were , viewed through a distorting lens .
We should n't really have been surprised to discover that the large - scale motions of galaxies are induced by ( or respond to ) the gravitational pull of something quite unseen , and that dark matter is the dominant gravitational influence on the cosmos .
There is of course one assumption underlying these inferences of dark matter : namely , that we know the force of gravity exerted by the objects we see .
Since the internal motions within galaxies and clusters are slow compared to the speed of light ;
Newton 's inverse square law is valid , which tells us that if you move twice as far away from any mass , the force gets four times weaker .
Some skeptics remind us that this law has only really been tested within our Solar System ; it is plainly a leap of faith to apply it on scales a hundred million times larger .
In fact an Israeli physicist , Mordehia Milgrom , suggested an alternative theory whereby gravity does n't drop off in strength as much as in Newton 's theory .
His theory is possible , but it does n't mesh in so well with cosmology .
There 's nothing implausible about dark matter per se .
Why should everything in the Universe be shining ?
The challenge is to narrow down the field of candidates and come up with strategies to detect them .
I would only take Milgrom seriously if there were no candidates for dark matter .
Indeed the problem is that there are too many possible alternatives .
Only if these candidates could all be shot down would I be prepared to offer better odds in favour of Milgrom .
What is dark matter made of ?
Is it made of brown dwarfs ?
Dark matter emits no light — indeed no radiation of any kind that can be directly detected .
Nor does it absorb or scatter light .
This automatically rules out it being dust .
Our Galaxy is very dusty because starlight is scattered and attenuated by intervening clouds that are composed of tiny grains rather like those that produce the haze from tobacco - smoke .
But if the grains weighed enough to make up all the dark matter , they would entirely obscure our view of any distant stars .
This artist 's concept shows twin brown dwarfs referred to as 2 M 0939 .
They are actually the same size but are drawn in perspective .
Image courtesy NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
Possible candidates for dark matter are small and faint stars .
Stars with below 8 % of the Sun 's mass are called brown dwarfs .
They are not hot enough to ignite the nuclear burning that keeps ordinary stars shining .
Brown dwarfs definitely exist : some have been found , as a byproduct of searches for planets , in orbits around brighter stars ; others , particularly some nearby ones , have been detected by their very faint emission of red light .
The proportions of big and small stars in our Galaxy are determined by very complicated processes that are n't yet completely understood .
When stars form today in cosmic clouds , brown dwarfs are outnumbered by bigger stars .
If there were enough of them to provide the dark matter , this ratio would need to have been very different in other places or times .
For example , the " mix " of big and small stars could have been different when the Galaxy first condensed from primordial gas .
Individual brown dwarfs could reveal themselves by gravitational lensing .
If one of them passed in front of a bright star , then the brown dwarf 's gravity would focus the light , causing the bright star to appear magnified .
As a consequence , a star would brighten up and fade in a distinctive way if a brown dwarf passed in front of it .
This , however , requires very precise alignment : such events would consequently be very rare , even if there were enough brown dwarfs to make up all the dark matter in our Galaxy .
However , astronomers have carried out ambitious searches for these microlensing events ( called micro to distinguish the phenomenon from the lensing by entire clusters of galaxies already mentioned ) .
Millions of stars are monitored repeatedly , to pick out those whose brightness changes from night to night .
Many stars vary for all kinds of intrinsic reasons : some pulsate , some undergo flares , and some are orbiting around binary companions .
The searches have found many thousands of these , which are interesting to some astronomers , though a tiresome complication for the microlensing searches .
Occasionally , stars have been found to display the distinctive rise and fall in brightness that would be expected if an unseen mass had crossed in front of them and focused their light .
It still is n't clear whether there are enough of these events to implicate a new brown dwarf population , or whether ordinary faint stars , passing in front of brighter ones , are common enough to account for the events recorded .
There are several other candidates for dark matter .
Cold " planets " moving through interstellar space , unattached to any star , could exist in vast numbers without being detected ; so could comet - like lumps of frozen hydrogen ; and so could black holes .
Deuterium suggests exotic particles
Brown dwarfs , comets , or even black holes that are the remnants of dead stars are however suspected to be only a minor constituent of dark matter — this is because there are strong reasons for suspecting that dark matter is n't made of ordinary atoms at all .
This argument is based on a heavy isotope of hydrogen , called deuterium .
It turns out that if dark matter were made from ordinary atoms , then theory predicts that there should be much less deuterium in the Universe than we actually observe .
According to the Big Bang model , the Universe expanded from an extremely dense and hot state and continues to expand today .
Any deuterium that we observe must have been made in the Big Bang and not inside stars , as other elements .
The actual amount of deuterium in our Universe was until recently uncertain , but astronomers have detected the spectral imprint of deuterium , distinguishing it from ordinary hydrogen , in the light received from very distant galaxies .
This measurement has needed the light - collecting power of new telescopes with ten - metre diameter mirrors .
The proportion of deuterium that ought to emerge from the Big Bang depends on how dense the Universe is , and observations agree with theory if there are 0.2 hydrogen atoms in each cubic metre .
This proportion agrees quite well with the actual number of atoms in shining objects — half of these atoms are in galaxies , and the other half in intergalactic gas — but nothing much is then left over for the dark matter .
If there were enough atoms to make up all the dark matter , the concordance with theory would be shattered .
The Big Bang calculations would then predict much less deuterium , and somewhat more helium , than we actually observe : the origin of the deuterium in the Universe would then become a total mystery .
To have less deuterium when the density of atoms is higher at first sight seems a perverse result , but it 's actually quite natural .
The higher the density , the more often the nuclei hit each other , and the more quickly nuclear reactions convert hydrogen ( one proton ) into helium ( two protons and two neutrons ) .
Deuterium ( one proton and one neutron ) is an intermediate product .
Not much would survive if the density were high , because the reactions would have gone so quickly that nearly all the deuterium would have been processed into helium ; on the other hand , if the density were lower , we would expect more " fossil " deuterium left over from the first three minutes of our Universe 's existence .
The dependence is quite sensitive , so any reasonably accurate measurement of the deuterium fraction tells us the average density of atoms in the Universe .
The detected amount of deuterium in our Universe matches the calculations if atoms contribute 4 % to what cosmologists call the critical density of the Universe [ the critical density ensures a Universe with a flat , rather than curved , geometry , and it 's used as a benchmark here ] .
This tells us something very important : the dominant dark matter is made of something that is inert as far as nuclear reactions are concerned .
Exotic particles — not anything made of ordinary atoms at all — make the main contribution to dark matter .
Is dark matter made from neutrinos ?
So the nature of this dark matter still flummoxes us .
The best guess is that the Big Bang , which we know produced the atoms in the Universe and the heat energy that is manifested as the 3 - degree cosmic microwave background radiation , could also have produced other particles .
When the Universe was very hot all possible reactions would have happened very fast and therefore produced these particles .
What these particles are we do n't really know yet , because they require physics that we have n't yet fully formulated .
Although we can confidently extrapolate back to when the Universe was a second old , we cannot go any further : the conditions that reigned a split second after the Big Bang were so hot and dense that they fall outside the regime we can actually do experiments on here on Earth .
We therefore do n't know what kind of particles could have been produced at that stage .
Microwave
Sky image from the WMAP Mission , showing a detailed full - sky map of the oldest light in the Universe , dating from 379,000 years after the Big Bang , over 13 billion years ago .
Image courtesy NASA Goddard Space Flight Center .
There is however one particle that has been regarded as a candidate for dark matter : the elusive neutrino .
Neutrinos have no electric charge , and hardly interact at all with ordinary atoms : almost all neutrinos that hit the Earth go straight through it .
During the very first second after the Big Bang , when the temperature exceeded 10 billion degrees , everything was so compressed that the reactions converting photons ( quanta of radiation ) into neutrinos would have been fast enough to come into balance .
As a consequence , the number of neutrinos left over from the " cosmic fireball " should be linked to the number of photons .
One can calculate , using physics that is quite standard and uncontroversial , that there should be 340 neutrinos in every cubic centimetre — in other words , hundreds of millions of neutrinos for every atom in the Universe .
Because neutrinos so greatly outnumber atoms , they could make up the dominant dark matter , even if each weighed only a hundred millionth as much as an atom .
Before the 1980s , almost everyone believed neutrinos were zero rest - mass particles : they would then carry energy and move at the speed of light , but their gravitational effects would be unimportant .
( Likewise , the photons left over from the early Universe , now detected as the cosmic microwave background radiation , do n't now exert any significant gravitational effects . )
But it now seems that neutrinos may weigh something after all , even though it is a very tiny amount indeed .
The best evidence for neutrino masses comes from the Kamiokande experiment in Japan , which used a huge tank in a former zinc mine .
The experimenters studied neutrinos that originate from the Sun ( where they are a byproduct of the nuclear reactions in the central core ) , as well as others that are produced by very fast particles ( cosmic rays ) impacting on the Earth 's upper atmosphere .
The experiments imply a non -zero mass , but one that is nonetheless too small to render them important in accounting for much of the dark matter .
This discovery about neutrino masses is , nonetheless , important for understanding the neutrinos that come from the Sun .
It is also a major advance in physics , since it takes us beyond the so - called standard model of particle physics ( see the Plus article The physics of elementary particles ) .
Is dark matter made from supersymmetric particles ?
Although we do n't know the exact masses of neutrinos , we at least have evidence that they exist .
But there is a long list of hypothetical particles that might well exist , and ( if so ) could have survived from the Big Bang in sufficient numbers .
We might discover these particles ( known as supersymmmetric particles ) with the new Large Hadron Collider at CERN , but can also look for them in other ways .
There are no convincing arguments telling us about how heavy each particle might be : best guesses suggest a few hundred times as heavy as a hydrogen atom .
If there were enough such particles to make up all the dark matter in our Galaxy , there would be several thousand per cubic metre in the neighborhood of the Sun .
They would be moving at about the same speed as the average star in our Galaxy — maybe 300 kilometres per second .
Dark matter may be made of exotic particles which have not yet been discovered .
These particles , heavy but electrically neutral , would generally , like neutrinos , whiz straight through the Earth .
However , a tiny proportion might interact with an atom in the material they pass through .
There would be only a few collisions per day within each of us ( even though our bodies each contain nearly 1029 atoms ) .
We clearly do not feel these hits .
However , very sensitive experiments with ultra- pure material as a target can detect the minuscule kick or recoil when such an impact happens , for instance in a slab of silicon , or similar material .
The experiment must be cooled to a very low temperature , and carried out deep underground to reduce the confusion from other kinds of event that could drown out any genuine signal from dark matter impacts .
Several groups of physicists have taken up the challenge of this underground astronomy .
For example , the Zeplin III project looks for dark matter in an underground mine in Yorkshire , while another project uses the Gran Sasso tunnel under an Italian mountain .
It 's delicate and tedious work , but if they succeed , they will not only find out what our Universe is mainly made of , but as a bonus may discover an important new kind of particle .
Only an extreme optimist would bet more than evens on success .
This is because , at the moment , we have no firm theory that tells us what the dark matter particles are , and what properties they might have , and it's hard to focus the search optimally .
Is it made from other particles ?
But there are many other ideas for dark matter particles besides the supersymmetric particles .
Some theorists favour a type of very light particle called axion .
Others suspect that the particles could be a billion times heavier than the predicted supersymmetric particles , in which case there would be a billion times fewer of them , making detection even harder .
Or they could be even more exotic still — for instance atom - sized black holes made in the ultra - high pressures of the early Universe .
This is the kind of experiment I am very excited about .
It exemplifies how the cosmos offers a chance for us to study " natural " experiments that we could never do in labs here on Earth .
There 's a symbiosis between astronomy and physics .
Astronomers obviously need to know how atoms behave in order to understand the stars — they learn this via laboratory experiments .
But now , in a complementary way , astronomers are discovering things which tell physicists something new .
We can see where nature has done experiments for us : galaxies crashing together , stars exploding , immensely strong gravity .
If the people at Gran Sasso ( or at any of the other laboratories around the world engaged in this search ) detect the dark matter , it will be a great triumph .
Not only because they will detect what much of the Universe is made of , but because they will also detect a new type of particle , which will be a more important discovery than that of the cosmic microwave background radiation by Penzias and Wilson in 1965 .
So what 's the likeliest candidate for dark matter ?
There are probably several different kinds of dark matter .
It would , for instance , be surprising if there were n't some brown dwarfs and black holes .
However , exotic particles seem far more likely , There is an entire zoo of particles already known to science , and no doubt many that remain undiscovered .
When the physics of extreme energies and densities is better understood , we should know what other kinds of particles might once have existed , and be able to calculate how they would have survived from the first millisecond just as confidently as we can now predict the amount of helium surviving from the first three minutes .
But for the moment , we still do n't know what dark matter is .
Together with its mysterious companion dark energy it makes up 95 % of our Universe .
This means that 95 % of the Universe is unaccounted for .
We 're coming to terms with the inference that atoms , planets , stars and galaxies — everything we 're made of and everything we can see — amount to less than 5 % of all that 's there .
Cosmic modesty has to be taken a step further : we 've gradually learnt , ever since Copernicus , that we 're not located at any special central place in the cosmos ; now it turns out that we 're not made of the dominant stuff — atoms seem a mere afterthought in a Universe whose structure and fate are controlled by quite different and mysterious substances .
The dark side controls our Universe — how it began , its eventual fate , and whether it 's finite or infinite .
Action replay for Mr Bean as he takes another spin on TOP of his Mini in remake of classic scene
Comic actor Rowan Atkinson amazed fans with his bumbling Mr Bean character by driving a Mini around a race track – while sitting on an armchair strapped to the roof .
The car fan , who played the iconic role on TV from 1989 to 1995 , was recreating one of the show 's most memorable scenes at the Goodwood Revival festival .
In the sketch , Mr Bean buys several items of large furniture and then realises they will not fit in his Mini .
Wheeling with laughter : Fans chuckled as Rowan Atkinson 's Mr Bean character drove around Goodwood
He then straps the armchair to the roof and drives home operating the car with a mop and some string .
Visitors to the Sussex racetrack were once again rolling with laughter as Mr Atkinson drove the distinctive pea green and black Mini Mr Bean - style around the circuit yesterday .
It was part of a huge parade of Minis to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the legendary British car .
It also marks the 20th anniversary of the creation of Mr Bean .
A well - known motoring enthusiast , Mr Atkinson has been a huge supporter of both the Revival and Festival of Speed over the years , and has been a regular participant .
I 've Bean racing : Atkinson 's performance was every bit as funny as his original show which ended in 1995
Daring : Atkinson controlled the Mini using just some rope attached to the wheel and a mop to prod the pedals
He will also take part in celebrations for Sir Stirling Moss 's 80th birthday when he demonstrates his Jaguar Mk VI .
To mark Mr Goodwood 's birthday , 80 of the 96 cars which Stirling drove during his racing career will be on display .
Other famous faces appearing at the event include 1969 moon - walking astronaut Buzz Aldrin who will be a judge in the Freddie March Spirit of Aviation concours for classic aircraft .
This year 's event will also be celebrating Mary Quant 's mini-skirt .
Ladies are being encouraged to wear theirs and stroll along a recreation of London 's Carnaby Street in the Swinging Sixties , and take part in Revival Ladies Day today .
Comedy gold : Atkinson performs the original stunt back in an episode of Mr Bean back in the 1990s
Posted by Theodore Stark on 2nd Jul 2015
Taking Photos of Fireworks Made Easy
Fourth of July is here again .
With it , many ( if not all ) of you have aspirations of taking photos of fireworks this year .
Here are some tricks I use to capture fireworks photos .
Hope you find them helpful …
Ready ?
Here we go …
No doubt , you have read several articles on how different photographers shoot fireworks .
Keep in mind this is more art than it is science and all of these articles ( mine included ) are starting points .
Beginner or seasoned pro. use what information makes sense to you , and then adapt it to make it your own .
For most , the style of fireworks shots you are aiming for will require a long exposure .
In doing so , you capture the trails of light emitted from the fireworks .
When taking photos of fireworks using this style , here is the essential gear you will need : A good tripod , a cable release or remote trigger , a working knowledge of how to operate your camera , and ( because it is dark out ) a headlamp ( headlamps with red lights are the best , as they do n’t affect your night vision ) .
Now for the good news / bad news ( depending on your point of view ) … to get the best results you are going to need to shoot in manual .
I know … I know … some of you are freaking out .
But trust me , fireworks is one of those times where you want to turn your camera ’s “ Hal “ off .
For those of you who are not 2001 A Space Odyssey fans , you want to sincerely thank your camera for tying its best to keep you from making a bad photo , and just let you take the manual controls .
As a reminder , any photograph is built on three legs : aperture , shutter speed , and ISO .
As a starting point ( and nothing more ) , here is what I recommend when taking photos of fireworks …
Aperture between 8 and 12 ( I typically like f10 ) and shutter speed around 4 seconds .
Depending on your location and light conditions , you will need to adjust your ISO appropriately .
ISO 200 is a good starting point , but keep in mind you may have to made adjustments on the fly .
If Manual mode really freaks you out , you can shoot on Shutter Priority and set your ISO to Auto .
I do not recommend this but it is an option .
If you have the ability to shoot on Bulb mode , do it .
This will allow you to better sync your shutter release more closely with the firing of the shells in the mortars .
You may have to tweak your aperture and ISO setting based on this .
Timing can make or break your fireworks photography experience .
Because of the general nature of a long shutter speed , you do not want to be touching your camera ( even depressing the shutter ) when taking photos of fireworks .
If you have a cable release , use it .
If you do not , try using the built in timer function on your camera .
It ’s not ideal but better than introducing camera shake into your shots .
In terms of lenses , your mileage will vary based on your location .
The closer you are , ( typically ) the wider you will need to be .
I avoid using anything over 200 mm .
My go to lens for fireworks is my 20 - 105 mm lens that I zoom into about 35 - 45 mm .
I like this approach because it accounts for all firework shell sizes .
I then crop , in post .
Also , shoot on manual focus .
There is not enough light for your camera to know what you want it to focus on .
Additionally , it will take precious seconds during the show .
Get set up during the day and aim your camera toward the area where the fireworks will be fired from and then lock the focus ( probably at or close to infinity ) .
With the basics lined up , here are a couple more suggestions for taking photos of fireworks …
Safety :
It ’s going to be dark and your adrenaline will be rushing .
Keep in mind that safety comes before anything else .
Remember your headlamp !
: It ’s going to be dark and your adrenaline will be rushing .
Keep in mind that safety comes before anything else .
Remember your headlamp !
Location , location , location :
This item can not be stressed enough .
Good fireworks photos have foreground subjects in them .
My favorite place in Colorado is a truck rest stop that overlooks a lake .
It ’s a wonderful spot , which means it 's also very popular .
I typically arrive 6 hours in advance to get the ideal spot .
: This item can not be stressed enough .
Good fireworks photos have foreground subjects in them .
My favorite place in Colorado is a truck rest stop that overlooks a lake .
It ’s a wonderful spot , which means it 's also very popular .
I typically arrive 6 hours in advance to get the ideal spot .
Bring LOTS of memory cards :
Make sure they are formatted and ready to go .
: Make sure they are formatted and ready to go .
A Word About The Finale : Some people love to photograph the finale .
I do not .
Typically , the finale has way too much smoke for anything to be useful .
I have found that when you are taking photos of fireworks , the best shots come toward the beginning .
: Some people love to photograph the finale .
I do not .
Typically , the finale has way too much smoke for anything to be useful .
I have found that when you are taking photos of fireworks , the best shots come toward the beginning .
Landscape AND Portrait Orientation : Change your orientation .
You ’d be amazed at how many people forget this .
: Change your orientation .
You ’d be amazed at how many people forget this .
Charge Your Batteries And Bring Backups :
The last thing you want is for your battery to die before the end of the show .
Come prepared .
: The last thing you want is for your battery to die before the end of the show .
Come prepared .
Use A Level or in - camera horizon : Photographs that do not have a level horizon annoy me .
I put a bubble level in my hot shoe and when I change orientations , I always look to make sure things are level .
: Photographs that do not have a level horizon annoy me .
I put a bubble level in my hot shoe and when I change orientations , I always look to make sure things are level .
Leave your flash at home : it wo n’t help you .
: it wo n’t help you .
Consider underexposing :
Your colors will pop a little more with less noise in dark areas .
: Your colors will pop a little more with less noise in dark areas .
Remember to enjoy yourself :
It ’s a lot of fun to get some great fireworks shots .
But also enjoy the show too .
So there you have it .
I hope you enjoy the Fourth this year .
Now get out there and go chase the light ( and keep the camera on Manual this 4th … ) .
Extra Credit :
Ok 2 extra credit ideas …
If you are a seasoned pro at taking photos of fireworks , try to shoot them in HDR .
That should spice things up !
If you want less light trails and more explosion , cover the lens with a black sheet , cardboard , etc. while the fireworks climb and then remove the sheet to just get the explosion .
Bulb mode is highly recommended for this !
OK that ’s all .
Have a wonderful and safe Fourth of July .
Pet the nice dog .
Throw the Frisbee .
Go make some photographs !
I 'm looking forward to seeing your images on the Outdoor Photo Gear Flickr Group .
Check out Ted 's work on his website , and follow him on Twitter .
But others disagreed , saying the program was desperately needed .
And in the interview , General Casey said the mental effects of repeated deployments  rising suicide rates in the Army , mild traumatic brain injuries , post - traumatic stress  had convinced commanders “ that we need a program that gives soldiers and their families better ways to cope . ”
The general agreed to the interview after The New York Times learned of the program from Dr. Martin E. P. Seligman , chairman of the University of Pennsylvania Positive Psychology Center , who has been consulting with the Pentagon .
In recent studies , psychologists at Penn and elsewhere have found that the techniques can reduce mental distress in some children and teenagers .
But outside experts cautioned that the Army program was more an experiment than a proven solution .
“ It ’s important to be clear that there ’s no evidence that any program makes soldiers more resilient , ” said George A. Bonanno , a psychologist at Columbia University .
But he and others said the program could settle one of the most important questions in psychology : whether mental toughness can be taught in the classroom .
“ These are skills that apply broadly , they ’re things people use throughout life , and what we ’ve done is adapt them for soldiers , ” said Karen Reivich , a psychologist at Penn , who is helping the Army carry out the program .
At the training session , given at a hotel near the university , 48 sergeants in full fatigues and boots sat at desks , took notes , play - acted , and wisecracked as psychologists taught them about mental fitness .
In one role - playing exercise , Sgt. First Class James Cole of Fort Riley , Kan. , and a classmate acted out Sergeant Cole ’s thinking in response to an order late in the day to have his exhausted men do one last difficult assignment .
“ Why is he tasking us again for this job ? ” the classmate asked .
“ It ’s not fair . ”
“ Well , maybe , ” Sergeant Cole responded .
“ Or maybe he ’s hitting us because he knows we ’re more reliable . ”
Last week we checked out the National League closers ( click here to view ) , so this week we turn to the American League ( all stats given are through Wednesday ) :
Baltimore Orioles – George Sherrill –
He had been tremendous , of course until his last outing when the Red Sox got to him for 2 earned runs in 0.2 innings .
He had allowed just one earned run over his previous 21 innings , so this one game clearly should n’t worry you much .
His job appears 100 % safe , unless the Orioles do ship him out at the deadline ( as has been rumored ) .
There ’s no clear replacement if that was to happen , so we ’d just have to wait and see .
Boston Red Sox – Jonathan Papelbon –
He ’s one of the best closer ’s in the game , and we all know it .
There ’s not much analysis needed here .
His 1.80 ERA and 20 saves say it all .
Chicago White Sox – Bobby Jenks – Every time we do an AL Closer ’s Report , I feel like the same thing is said about Jenks , his job is among the safest in baseball .
It ’s not that the White Sox do n’t have other options , with both Scott Linebrink and Octavio Dotel setting up for him , it ’s just that he continues to excel .
He has 18 saves to go with a 3.21 ERA and 1.07 WHIP .
The only way he ’s not closing games would be an injury , that ’s about it .
Cleveland Indians – Kerry Wood –
While newly acquired Chris Perez could be the long - term solution in Cleveland , Wood is the present , albeit one that unfortunately does n’t offer much for fantasy owners right now .
The Indians are struggling , not offering many save opportunities to anyone .
The ones that Wood has gotten , have n’t gone all that well recently .
In the past 4 weeks , he has just one save while blowing two .
Since he ’s the closer , he ’s still a fantasy option , but a low - end one for now .
Detroit Tigers – Fernando Rodney – Here is a closer with a 4.36 ERA and 1.39 WHIP .
Yet , he has 17 saves and a job that is relatively safe at the moment .
Where are they going to go ?
The man everyone wants to see , Joel Zumaya , has a WHIP of 1.59 .
Brandon Lyon has been equally unspectacular , with a 4.03 ERA , though a much better 1.21 WHIP .
He is the likely next in line , but a change really is unlikely at the moment .
Rodney is not a top option , but he ’s usable .
Kansas City Royals – Joakim Soria –
He ’s started to get going , finally .
In his last four times to the mound he ’s picked up 3 saves and a win ( albeit it one that was a gift from his teammates after he allowed a run ) .
He has at least one strikeout in each of his past 8 outings , totaling 12 over 8.1 innings .
He has the potential to be among the games elite closers , all he needs is opportunity to get there .
Los Angeles Angels – Brian Fuentes –
For a while it looked like they may really regret letting Francisco Rodriguez bolt to New York , but Fuentes has rebounded in a big way .
He did not allow a run in June over 8.2 innings , picking up 9 saves in the process .
In fact , he allowed just 3 hits and 3 walks , striking out 11 .
The Angels are likely to continue to offer him ample opportunity to rack up the saves , making him that much more valuable .
Minnesota Twins – Joe Nathan –
The last time he posted a WHIP of over 1.06 was in 2000 when he was a starting pitcher for the San Francisco Giants .
Does that tell you enough about him ?
He just continues to perform like one of the elite in the game , and that ’s exactly what he is .
He ’s on his way towards another 35 + save season .
There just is no reason to comment on the rest of the bullpen .
New York Yankees – Mariano Rivera –
He recently recorded save # 500 , just cementing his place in history .
Everyone continues to wait for the league to figure him out , but they really have n’t shown any signs of being able to do so .
He ’s been tremendous once again , with a 2.76 ERA , 0.95 WHIP , 40 K and 20 saves in just 32.2 innings .
He remains one of the elite closers in the game at 39 - years old .
Oakland Athletics – Andrew Bailey –
He ’s not a top option , no matter how well he ’s been pitching .
He ’s tossed 9 consecutive scoreless innings , but has n’t had a save since June 20 , thanks in part to the A ’s struggles .
Brad Ziegler has also gotten extremely hot , not allowing a run in his last six outings ( 6.2 innings ) , allowing 4 hits and 1 walk , including getting a 6 - out save .
Could he make a push to reclaim the job ?
Absolutely .
Bailey is far from a safe closer , and any little stumble could lead to a switch .
If you are desperate for saves , Ziegler is certainly worth stashing , just in case .
Seattle Mariners – David Aardsma –
He has been fantastic thus far , and with Brandon Morrow in the rotation , he is clearly the man in Seattle .
However , there are plenty of reasons to be skeptical that he can continue his success .
The biggest thing is his HR / 9 , currently sitting at 0.25 , despite the fact that he ’s seen his fly ball rate , which is at 43.1 % for his career , jump all the way to 56.4 % .
Something there has got to give , and when the balls start to carry over the fences , his sparkling 1.49 ERA is going to take a hit .
Yes , I would be using him , but if you could sell high , it would n’t be a bad idea .
Tampa Bay Rays – J.P. Howell – No , he has n’t been dubbed the full - time closer , but he ’s clearly performing like he deserves the job .
He has n’t allowed an earned run since 5/23 , spanning 17.2 innings .
In fact , he has 4 wins and 4 saves during that span , while allowing just 7 hits and 8 walks .
He has saves in his last two appearances .
While Dan Wheeler or Randy Choate or some other miscellaneous reliever could get an opportunity here or there , I ’d expect him to start seeing more and more chances .
Texas Rangers – Frank Francisco –
They had been easing him back into the closer ’s role since returning from the DL , and of course he got bombed last night to the tune of 3 earned runs on 2 hits and 2 walks to blow the save .
Of course , he was rewarded with a victory in the end , softening the blow for fantasy owners , but having allowed 5 earned runs over his last 2 innings is certainly not a good sign .
C.J. Wilson could continue to see a few opportunities , but unless Francisco really continues to struggle , I do n’t see a permanent move being made .
Francisco should still be seen as a # 2 option at this point .
Toronto Blue Jays – Jason Frasor –
He ’s a placeholder for Scott Downs , but I ’m still a little bit surprised that it is n’t B.J. Ryan getting the opportunity .
Maybe they are trying to avoid any potential controversy .
Frasor has only picked up one save since Downs went down , so I certainly would n’t consider him a top option by any stretch .
Either way , Downs is the long - term answer , so Frasor is just a short - term fill - in for the Blue Jays and your fantasy roster .
What do you think ?
Which American League closer is most likely to lose his job next ?
To read the previous article , click here .
Picture courtesy of Icon Sports Media , Inc .
- 200Kb of Storage
- 10 Mb of Bandwidth
- PHP 4 , 5 and 6
- MySQL , SQL and Oracle
- Dedicated Dedication
- Host Up To 6.8 Sites
- Free Identity Theft
- Lots of Storage
- 10Kb of Bandwidth
- PHP 5 , 6 and 7
- MySQL and ReiserFS
- 2 Glow Sticks
- Free Broken Toaster
- 24/8 Email Support
- 200 Gb of Storage
- 10 Bytes of Path Bandwidth
- Ruby on Railroads
- Dedicated Support Geek
- Dedicated Win 3.11
- Steve Ballmer
- Ruby on Boats
Currently Hosting Over 3,917,825 Websites
Hosting Websites Since 1969 !
Server Downtime
We are constantly working to improve our server downtime .
Keeping you awake at night is our # 1 priority .
Clusters and Scalability
If your websites go down we 'll make sure to confuse you with technical terms and instructions .
It 's our job to keep you aggravated , and we never disappoint .
Opel and Vauxhall to go to Magna
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
General Motors ( GM ) has announced that it has chosen the Canadian car parts manufacturer Magna to buy Opel and its sister company Vauxhall .
The decision was welcomed by German Chancellor Angela Merkel , who said she was " very pleased " about it .
Magna , which is backed by Russia 's Sberbank , has said that it will keep all four German plants open .
But British unions have expressed concern about the future of Vauxhall 's 5,500 UK workers .
A spokesman for Magna said that the company is committed to keeping open the Ellesmere Port plant , where the Astra is made .
But UK Business Secretary Lord Mandelson said he had received assurances from Magna " that the futures of both plants are secure . "
He did , however , say that all of Opel 's and Vauxhall 's workforce across Europe " will face restructuring . "
Uncertainty continues ANALYSIS
By Jorn Madslien , Business reporter , BBC News Victory for German Chancellor Angela Merkel in the lengthy tug - of - war over the future of Opel should go a long way towards safeguarding the jobs of most , if not all , of the company 's 25,000 workers in Germany .
But although the sale of a controlling stake to Magna is backed to the tune of 4.5 bn euros ( £ 4.5 bn ; $ 6.5 bn ) by the German government , it does not remove the need for sharp cost -cuts elsewhere .
The sale signals the start of a restructuring process , with an expected 10,000 out of 50,000 Opel and Vauxhall jobs in Europe being axed .
Chancellor Merkel has said she will discuss with its European partners " the distribution of the burden " , which probably means that any European government wanting to safeguard jobs in their country must also come up with substantial amounts of cash .
What now for Opel and Vauxhall ?
Job concerns remain at Vauxhall Send us your comments Magna said that the company plans to honour its existing contract to produce vans in Luton until 2013 , and will try to find a way to keep the plant in production after that date .
" The uncertainty surrounding the ownership of Vauxhall is now over , but the uncertainty surrounding the long - term future of Britain 's plants will continue , " said Tony Woodley , general secretary of the Unite union .
" We need to make sure that British plants and people are not treated disproportionately during the restructuring that will take place . "
Other Opel plants outside Germany are also at risk .
Magna proposals outline the option of winding down production at a plant in Antwerp in Belgium , and of shifting some production from Zaragosa in Spain back to Germany .
GM will be selling a 55 % stake in the new Opel to Magna and Sberbank .
Employees will hold a 10 % stake and GM will keep the rest .
In trust The Opel Trust , which controlled that 65 % of GM's European operations , approved the deal .
It said it strongly believed it was " in the best interests of Opel and Vauxhall and their employees " .
The German government has already lent 1.5 bn euros to Opel , and will now put up an additional 3bn euros in loan guarantees for Magna .
Trust chairman Fred Irwin said they had recommended - " given the burden on German taxpayers and for the sake of German jobs " - that those guarantees be used for Opel in Germany only .
A statement from GM said it needed to finalise a financing package from the German government .
Other issues outstanding included written agreement from unions to support its cost - cutting programme , GM said .
' Considerable boost ' Chancellor Angela Merkel said that " patience " during the long - running discussions had led to a decision being reached .
BBC Berlin correspondent Steve Rosenberg said this was a victory for the German chancellor who had staked her reputation on closing the deal .
See GM production centres in Europe
Enlarge Map
It is a considerable boost for her and her centre - right party just two weeks before the national election , our correspondent said .
The German - led Opel Trust has controlled the European operations since GM sought bankruptcy protection in the US in June this year .
It contains representatives from GM , the German federal government and the German states that contain Opel plants .
The battle for control of Opel and Vauxhall at one point included three rival bidders : Belgian investment group RHJ and Beijing Automotive , as well as Canada 's Magna .
Opel employs a total of 54,500 workers across Europe , with 25,000 based in Germany .
Its Vauxhall brand employs 5,500 people in the UK , primarily at its two British plants in Luton and Ellesmere Port .
GM in the US emerged from 40 days of bankruptcy protection in July , based on a plan involving disposing of many of its brands .
It is now 61 % owned by the US government .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
However , there is a loophole .
If the spacecraft is placed between Sun and Earth , the Earth 's gravity pulls it in the opposite direction and cancels some of the pull of the Sun .
With a weaker pull towards the Sun , the spacecraft then needs less speed to maintain its orbit .
If the distance is just right -- about 4 times the distance to the Moon or 1/100 the distance to the Sun - - the spacecraft , too , will need just one year to go around the Sun , and will keep its position between the Sun and the Earth .
That position is the Lagrangian Point L1 , so called after the Italian - French mathematician who pointed it out , Joseph Louis Lagrange ( 1736-1813 ) .
The sister - site From Stargazers to Starships discusses Lagrangian points in more detail than is done here , among other things deriving the distance of L1 ( the derivation of L2 is almost identical ) and also the equilibrium points L4 and L5 .
While neither calculation requires calculus , both are somewhat lengthy and assume familiarity with basic principles of Newtonian mechanics , covered in preceding sections of the " Stargazers " site .
Spacecraft Observatories at L1
The L1 point is a very good position for monitoring the solar wind , which reaches it about one hour before reaching Earth .
In 1978 the " International Sun-Earth Explorer - 3 " ( ISEE - 3 ) was launched towards L1 , where it conducted such observations for several years .
Equipped with an on - board rocket and an ample supply of fuel , ISEE - 3 was later moved to the Earth 's distant tail and still later was sent to intercept Comet Giacobini - Zinner .
In November 1994 a new spacecraft , " WIND " was launched towards that position .
It was originally scheduled to be stationed by 1996 in an orbit about the L1 point , but later it was sent on a more extended mission in a " flower petal " orbit around Earth .
More recently the solar wind at L1 has been monitored by the solar observatory " SOHO " and by " ACE " whose main task is the study of energetic particles accelerated near the Sun .
Such a spacecraft must have its own rocket engine .
First , the position is unstable : if the spacecraft slips off it , it will slowly drift away , and sooner or later some correcting action is needed .
In fact , the preferred position is actually some distance to the side of L1 , for if the spacecraft is right on the Sun - Earth line , the antennas which track it from Earth are also aimed at the Sun , a source of interfering radio waves .
Thus corrections are in fact needed quite regularly .
Furthermore , the most economic way of getting to L1 is letting the spacecraft pass close to the Moon and using the moon 's gravity to extract an extra boost from the Moon 's orbital motion .
Those maneuvers too require on - board propulsion , as does the final approach to L1 .
Other Lagrangian Points
There exists another Lagrangian point L2 at about the same distance from Earth but on the night side , away from the Sun .
A spacecraft placed there is more distant from the Sun and therefore should orbit it more slowly than the Earth ; but the extra pull of the Earth adds up to the Sun 's pull , and this allows the spacecraft to move faster and keep up with the Earth .
The L2 point has been chosen by NASA as the future site of a large infra-red observatory , the " Next Generation Space Telescope " , renamed in honor of a late NASA director The James Webb Observatory .
There exist altogether 5 Lagrangian points in the Sun-Earth system and such points also exist in the Earth - Moon system .
Among these , the most attention has been given to the two stable points L4 and L5 , located in the Moon 's orbit but off the position of the Moon ( see picture ) .
These positions have been studied as possible sites for artificial space colonies in some ( very ! ) distant future .
For those interested in space colonies at the Lagrangian points : Gerald K. O'Neill , " The Colonization of Space " , Physics Today September 1974 , p. 32 .
" , Physics Today September 1974 , p. 32 .
Gerard K. O'Neill , " The High Frontier " , William Morrow and Co. , NY , 1977 ; Anchor Books ( Doubleday ) 1982 .
A Faberge Sadko Sea Horse Brooch .
The iconic jeweller is relaunching with the unveiling of its first High Jewellery collection since 1917 .
Pieces in the new collection start at a retail price of $ 30,000 , with an average price of $ 200,000
Credit : EPA
Even though the middle of this square appears to bulge out , this picture is exclusively composed of squares .
Do n’t believe me ?
Just put a ruler on top of your screen and verify the fact for yourself .
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
To our clients , friends and colleagues ,
During these times as we navigate through the COVID - 19 global health crisis , we are here for you and remain honored to assist you .
Our offices are open , and we remain dedicated to providing the same level of exceptional client service .
Our attorneys and staff are here for you , and we are available via phone and video conferencing .
If you would prefer to meet with one of our team members in person , please contact our office directly .
If you are experiencing pain from your injury , or are experiencing any problems getting treatment , please contact our office immediately and we will be able to guide you to the help you need .
While there may be uncertainty during these uncharted waters of the coronavirus , rest easier knowing that we are committed to protecting our clients ’ well - being and interests .
From the Winters & Yonker team , we wish you well and are here for you .
I did n't give up belief in God because I thought it would make me happy .
In fact , I began my examination of the claims made by Christianity with some fear that life without faith would be bleak and rudderless .
After two years of nonbelief , I 've discovered that not only do I not miss my faith , I am happier and better able to enjoy life than in my Christian years .
Here are a few specific examples .
# 1 Stuff happens
Belief in an all - powerful and loving God is difficult to reconcile with the tragedies and suffering in the world .
I used to struggle with the question of why .
Why would God allow these things to happen ?
How could he stand idly by while a child is tortured , while cancer destroys a body , while an old woman drowns in the floodwaters that inundate her house ?
With prayers on their lips , people die waiting for help that never comes , waiting for some response from a God who is silent .
I do n't doubt that some Christians are able to come to terms with this difficulty , but I have taken comfort in the knowledge that there is no all - powerful being refusing to help in these situations .
Things happen .
There 's no one in the driver 's seat directing everything and looking out for us .
We have to look out for each other .
# 2 No hell below us
I no longer live in fear of being tortured forever .
I do n't have to convince myself that a loving God is justified in condemning people to hell .
Hell does n't exist .
Now it seems obvious to me that it was only an idea dreamt up to keep people in line and to silence criticism .
I used to buy into the idea of hell and the justifications for it , but I am happier and healthier now that I know it 's not real .
# 3 This world is my home
As a Christian , I viewed my life on Earth as the prologue to eternity .
The afterlife was the main event .
Now I see this life as my one chance and I place more value on the time I have left .
The scarcity of a commodity increases its value .
I realize that belief in heaven can help people to cope with situations that they cannot change .
But there is a danger to this .
Slave owners used to encourage religion among their slaves because it shifted their hope from this life to the next .
This life is all I have and I 'm going to do my best to live well every day .
# 4 The Bible
I now see the Bible for what it is : a human book .
This shift in perspective has helped me to make sense of the book .
I no longer feel the need to shoehorn facts into a framework that describes the Bible as communication from a perfect God .
Most of the time this translates to ignoring the Bible .
It has little to no bearing on my daily life .
I 'm also able to see the cruel and absurd passages of the Bible as the products of cruel and absurd humans .
It 's a great relief to be free from the responsibility of defending this book .
The Bible does contain some wisdom and now I feel able to separate the wheat from the chaff and to recognize that the source of wisdom in the Bible is a human one .
The same goes for other religious texts .
They may have some wisdom , but they were created by humans .
# 5 Privacy in my thoughts
I used to believe that God was listening to my thoughts at all times .
That can be a comforting idea , but it can also be a little disturbing .
I 'm happy to know that no one is spying on my mind .
I 'm not a god 's property .
I no longer call myself a sheep or a servant .
That type of language encourages submission to masters ( God and religious leaders ) .
# 6 Free time on Sundays
While I miss playing in the band and seeing my friends on Sunday mornings , I have enjoyed the free time .
I can now sleep in on Sundays .
I was often bored at church , hearing the same basic ideas repeated over and over : Do n't sin .
Read the Bible .
Pray .
Believe .
God is great .
It 's not hard to find a more interesting and useful way to spend my Sundays .
# 7 Not tithing
As a Christian I faithfully gave a percentage of my income to my local church .
That money was used for a variety of things including maintaining a building , paying church staff , helping the less fortunate and sending missionaries abroad for the purposes of aid and proselytizing .
It 's been nice to be free of that obligation and to know that I 'm not supporting a church that practices discrimination .
I 'm finding other avenues for helping people ( like Kiva ) .
My fellow nonbelievers , what other advantages are there to living without faith ?
The equation for free fall is pretty basic .
Drop anything — from a dime to a rock — from a tall building , for example , and once that object hits an acceleration of 9.8 meters per second squared , it ’s free falling .
This equation applies to everything , even to buildings .
In the fall of 2005 , Brigham Young University professor Steven Jones presented this simple principle in a BYU campus auditorium packed with hundreds of people to illustrate how several of the World Trade Center towers fell too quickly on Sept. 11 , 2001 , to have only been hit by planes .
To reach free - fall speed , Jones explained , the building ’s floor supports would have needed to be blown apart .
In other words , the carnage of 9/11 would have required another catalyst of destruction beyond hijacked planes — an explosive to cause the buildings to implode .
The discussion ran two hours and only ended because students began arriving for a class to be held in the room .
Before concluding , Jones asked if anyone was not convinced more investigation was needed .
Only one professor raised his hand .
“ And he tracked me down the next day on campus and told me I changed his mind , ” Jones says .
Jones ’ speech began his rise as an outspoken skeptic of the official 9/11 report .
But , it was also the beginning of the end for his career as a college professor .
Jones and his colleagues theorized that a military - grade explosive called nano - thermite sliced through the building supports and brought down the buildings .
Recently , they bolstered their theory with analysis of a mysterious powder collected from around New York City , a powder they asserted in the April 2009 Open Chemical Physics Journal was nano - thermite .
If the theory sounds like bad science fiction , it is because a similar explosive substance , “ nanomite , ” was used by Cobra ( the bad guys ) in this summer ’s over - the - top action movie , G.I. Joe : Rise of Cobra .
In the movie , Cobra uses nanomite to disintegrate buildings and national monuments in a cloud of green dust .
Nano - thermite , however , is no green powder from comic book fiction — it ’s actually a red-chip substance that Jones and his researchers have matched specifically to an explosive residue using electron microscopy .
But before Jones recent red-chip research came to fruition , he continued to speak frankly about other pieces of the puzzle : the reported sounds of explosions on 9/11 , molten steel at the site , steel beams shooting out horizontally like missiles from the buildings , and the sloppy federal explanations about what happened at World Trade Center 7 , the third building that collapsed and the only one that did so without being hit by any planes .
Jones now casually rattles off the official testimony that claimed air defenses were called off and describes suspicious stock deals that netted mysterious individuals billions of dollars in profits from the 9/11 disaster .
“ The problem in this country is that we accept one conspiracy theory , ” Jones says .
“ That it was Al Qaeda — that ’s the official conspiracy theory .
OK , but it does n’t explain the lack of air defenses that day , it does n’t explain why World Trade Center 7 came down the way it did , and it does n’t explain the billions made off these extremely suspicious stock trades .
So , there really is a lot of evidence for foul play , ” the professor says matter of factly .
Beyond the figures and formulas , perhaps Jones ’ most incendiary conclusion is that the explosions were the result of an inside job .
Ironically , Jones says his theory is supported by Occam ’s razor : the principle that states where there are multiple competing theories , the simplest one is better .
For Jones , the simplest theory is that the U.S. government conspired to commit terror on its own citizens and kill thousands in the process .
The storm Jones has stirred up speaking out on 9/11 eventually forced him , in 2006 , into early retirement from BYU .
Down but not out , the soft - spoken professor continues his controversial research , having created a peerreviewed journal for multidisciplinary 9/11 research .
He continues to call for a complete investigation into the events of 9/11 .
Looking to explain this generation ’s Day of Infamy , Jones fights to retain his credibility while fending off criticism from those more - or - less in his own camp for being dismissive of their 9/11 theories — laser beam attacks and holographic planes — all while reconciling his faith with his own controversial work .
Testimonies from Client's & Associates
April 2010
" I wanted you and your wonderful staff who sat with my husband for weeks , went home to be with the Lord .
Once again please thank your caregivers for their excellent and compassionate care of my husband .
I will be sure to highly recommend yiur organization to anyone that asks "
Carol
March 2010
" I had the opportunity to engage Angil for assistance with my Mom and her recent end of life care .
I am eternally grateful to her , and cannot properly express my thanks .
Her passion , care and dedication to her cause and her clients are unmatched .
Everyone on her staff shares her compassion , professionalism and dedication to dignity , care and comfort of the patients they serve .
Should you have a lived one in need of dignified and compassionate care , I would not hesistate for one second to make Visiting Angels your one and only call . "
Brian Bundeson
March 2009
“ I first met Ms. Tarach in 2002 when her organization was hired by my father to provide in - home care .
Consistent with my father ’s desire , our goal was to get him back home with the support he needed so he could live his life as he desired .
A large part of this process involved securing care in his home .
We were not interested in just any type of homecare .
Along with wanting to secure homecare that was reputable and of high quality , we also wanted one with a commitment and demonstrated core competencies to the principles of self - determination and self - directed care .
Through a process of researching , recruiting and interviewing potential home care providers , my father selected Ms. Tarach , and Visiting Angels .
The support and service provided by and through Angil were exemplary .
First , they understood the person - centered planning process involved in the development of my dad ’s self - directed care plan .
This included considerations across his life domains , such as family , friendships , relationships , personal interests , culture and health care , as key examples .
It is noteworthy that given the various health issues my father had , there was a good deal of care coordination required .
As a Registered Nurse Ms. Tarach very well understood the critical need for coordinating support and service , in my father ’s best interest and care .
She went above and beyond , being a major part of an on - going , very successful team that supported and cared for him .
Second , Visiting Angels understood the practice of implementing and managing my father ’s self - directed care plan as evidenced by the way they carried it out and problem solved issues that came up .
Most importantly , my own observations in seeing staff working in the home , private conversations I had with my father regarding how things were working out with his caregiver ’s , the service and Ms. Tarach , clearly left me realizing that my father was very satisfied .
It was apparent that he was “ home ” and not in an institutional arrangement , realizing that some people can feel institutionalized in their own home when outside services are involved ” .
Rich Visingardi , Ph.D. Family Member and former state director of mental health , developmental disabilities and substance abuse services ”
Rich Visingardi
March 2009
“ I have had the privilege to know Angil for seven years .
In that time I have watched her follow her true passion in caring for the elderly .
Angil was a component professional in the nursing field prior to starting her home care agency .
She opened Visiting Angel ’s knowing that her talents and commitment would enhance and improve the lives of many .
Angil ’s success comes from a genuine love and concern for the elderly .
She is a strong advocate for her clients and holds principle and ethics as a corner stone of her agency ’s care .
I would not hesitate to have Angil ’s staff care for any of my family members .
Angil is a valued colleague and friend that I would recommend highly . ”
Farah Ogle
Companion Homecare Inc
February 2009
“ Angil has been one of our best customers for years .
Her commitment to her agency and to the people to whom she provides care is clear and powerful .
She is very insightful about the homecare industry and is very generous with her knowledge .
Angil 's outspoken loyalty and generosity have made a tremendous difference in the success of our company . ”
Tom Voiles - Owner Shoshana Technologies
February 2009
“ I worked briefly with Angil in 2006 - 2007 as Marketing Director at Visiting Angels and she was also a client of mine when I sold radio advertising .
You will not meet a person with a bigger heart or more love for seniors than Angil .
She has gone above and beyond the call of duty many times to ensure the comfort and satisfaction of her clients and she has done a heck of a job starting her own business .
Over the next 20 years , the senior healthcare industry will be booming and we are all fortunate people like Angil are leading the charge . ”
Jeff Jennings - Midday Announcer - Program Director Mix 104.9 WBXX Radio
Mother who cried rape after meeting man on dating website is jailed for two years
Jennifer Day : ' Extraordinary performance '
A mother was jailed for two years yesterday for crying rape against a man she met on a dating website .
Jennifer Day , 34 , who made the false allegation against former boyfriend Andrew Saxby after a row , was told by the judge that she had undermined efforts to treat genuine rape victims fairly and sympathetically .
The court also heard that Mr Saxby was subjected to ' degrading and upsetting ' examinations while being held by police for ten hours .
Judge Ian Graham said the investigation had wasted £ 4,000 of taxpayers ' money and 270 police man hours .
He added : ' The police have put great stores on providing sympathetic treatments of women who make genuine complaints of rape and you abused that .
' You have undermined and jeopardised the efforts that are being made about the need to treat genuine victims of rape properly , fairly and sympathetically .
' The offence is in itself a serious one , it has terrible consequences potentially and actually for the victim and wider implications for those women who have genuinely been raped . '
Day , a former nurse , from Corringham , Essex , split up with the father of her four - year - old daughter in 2007 after he had an affair with their lodger , Basildon Crown Court heard .
She began drinking heavily to cope with the rejection and using dating websites .
In September 2007 she met Mr Saxby , who worked for the Ford car company , through the Dating Direct website .
They began a relationship , but the court heard that she was also seeing another man .
In January last year , the couple rowed after Mr Saxby accused her of having another man at her home .
Afterwards , Day dialled 999 and accused Mr Saxby of rape .
He was arrested in front of his colleagues and taken to the police station .
Judge Graham said : ' It was an extraordinary performance which involved deliberate untruths as the jury found . '
Poll Should men accused of rape be given anonymity until they are convicted ?
Yes No Should men accused of rape be given anonymity until they are convicted ?
Yes 25436 votes
No 2198 votes
Now share your opinion
The court heard that Mr Saxby was released without charge after Day dropped the allegation , although she still maintained it was true .
She was found guilty of one count of perverting the course of justice last month .
During the trial , the court heard how Day had a history of making up stories .
The jury was told that while working at Royal London Hospital in East London as a nurse , she suffered stress - related hair loss and led her colleagues to believe it was cancer .
Rebecca Lee , mitigating , said Day had been under a lot of strain following the break - up of her relationship with the father of her daughter .
She said : ' She got involved with dating websites and going out when her daughter was staying with her former partner , going out to pubs and engaging in what she would call risky behaviour and behaving totally out of character . '
Day apologised unreservedly for the allegation , the court heard .
But the judge rejected calls to suspend the sentence .
' Mr Saxby is a completely respectable man who had formed a relationship with you and had shown considerable affection and kindness of the kind you said you craved , ' he said .
' His reward was to be the subject of this completely false complaint . '
Day burst into tears as she was taken down to the cells .
The case will re-ignite calls for alleged rapists to be given anonymity until a verdict is delivered .
While anyone who claims to be a victim of a sex attack is given anonymity for life , someone charged with rape or sexual assault can be immediately named .
Even if the allegations are ultimately proven false , those accused often find their lives turned upside , and find their reputations still suffering even years after the claim .
Some have found themselves shunned by their family , friends and community , others have lost their jobs and homes or found themselves the victims of vigilante attacks .
One recent victim of false claims said he felt like killing himself during a ' year of being told I 'm a rapist ' .
The two - year prison sentence for Jennifer Day follows calls for longer sentences for women who falsely allege rape .
The conviction rate for genuine rapists is low in Britain - just one in 14 cases reported to the police end in conviction - and false accusations will do little to improve what ministers have called a ' culture of scepticism ' towards genuine rape victims
The courts have begun to recognise the trauma suffered by those who are falsely accused , with one taxi driver whose ' life was ruined ' by false claims expected to receive a five figure payout , while a former magistrate who spent two years in jail on false rape charges is currently suing his accuser for £ 300,000 .
However victims of false charges say the law needs to immediately grant accusers anonymity until proven guilty .
“ A new vendor used to mean someone ’s cousin coming in from Egypt , ” said Zach Brooks , whose blog Midtown Lunch chronicles the sidewalk - food scene .
“ Now it ’s a major culture clash . ”
The early summer has brought at least a dozen new trucks , many of them run by people with advanced degrees and white - collar backgrounds : CupcakeStop is owned by a 2009 New York Law School graduate .
Cravings , a Taiwanese food truck , is the brainchild of Thomas Yang , who developed the truck ’s business model before graduating from Baruch College in 2008 .
The owners of Street Sweets both left six - figure jobs to build their business , and the Big Gay Ice Cream Truck is driven by Doug Quint , a doctoral candidate in bassoon performance at CUNY .
“ The whole Brooklyn Philharmonic season was canceled , ” he said .
“ I have to get through the summer somehow . ”
The new truckers , knowingly or innocently , often roll right over unwritten rules about which corner belongs to whom , and when .
The city , other than blocking certain streets entirely and enforcing parking regulations , does not dictate locations for food carts .
But spots are virtually owned by vendors who have worked them for decades ; they are handed down within families and even sold on the black market .
“ You can set your watch by it : park in a new spot , and within 15 minutes someone will come and check you out , ” said Kim Ima , a former actress who owns the Treats Truck .
Ms. Ima , one of the first upscale mobile vendors , had the tires of her truck slashed near her bakery soon after opening in 2007 .
“ The street is like the playground when you ’re a kid , and you have to learn your way around , ” she said .
“ You have to learn where the sixth graders sit and where the dodgeball game is before you can safely sit and eat your lunch . ”
Vendors say that the traditional code of the streets may be effective , but that it feeds on fear , intimidation and the city ’s lack of enforcement of permit rules .
“ It only works because everyone is a little bit in the wrong , and no one is 100 percent clean , ” said Mr. Lao .
“ We ca n’t go through legal channels to resolve our disputes . ”
Mr. Lao was referring to the notorious black market in the food vendor permits issued by the city ’s Department of Health .
Most of the vendors interviewed would not talk publicly about the status of their permits .
But several of them , asking not to be identified because of the dubious legality of the arrangements , said they had secured theirs by paying unauthorized “ fixers ” or by entering into partnerships with existing permit holders .
A common form of retribution among vendors is to report one another to city authorities for permit violations .
The black market , vendors say , is nourished by the city ’s bureaucracy .
Many , especially those for whom English is not a first language , pay brokers to navigate the system .
These illegal go - betweens are common in the central depots where food vendors are required by the Health Department to park their carts and trucks .
Dicen que el incendio de Mojácar del pasado día 23 lo desencadenó un rayo de 10 puntas que encendió otros tantos focos al compás del gran Zeus .
Dicen , por otros lados , que una pavesa de un incendio pasado atravesó la comarca amparada por los vientos y se dividió en 10 bombas incendiarias .
Otros dicen que el 96 % de los incendios son provocados por la ineptitud del codicioso .
Pero nadie mira al bosque quemado .
Todos acusan pero nadie responde la llamada de la tierra .
A todos ellos traigo postales desde el corazón mismo de este infierno muerto .
Caracoles calcinados en su hábitat natural .
Fuente Kurioso
El fuego asoló más de 4000 hectáreas de la Sierra de Cabrera ( Almería ) rodeando por completo el pueblo de Mojácar ( situada en lo alto de una montaña ) y obligó a evacuar a más de 3000 personas .
La lengua de fuego se extendió desde la localidad de Turre hasta las playas de Mojácar en distintos focos y atravesando varias colinas y valles .
A día de hoy la postura oficial habla todavía de “ causas naturales ” como origen de la catástrofe , obviando las explicaciones técnicas bajo el epígrafe “ distintas razones ” ( no declaradas ) que llevarían a descartar la intencionalidad de las llamas .
Otros insisten , avalados por obviedades , en rescatar la teoría conspiranoica .
Pero los más peligrosos , sin duda , son aquellos empeñados en minusvalorar el grave perjuicio ecológico .
La vista general del pueblo de Mojácar muestra el devastador panorama del paisaje dibujado por el fuego .
Las cuatro colinas que flanquean la ciudad se pintan negras de carbón y ceniza .
El incendio ha reducido a cenizas cientos de almendros , olivos , palas chumberas , encinas y castaños .
Y ha evaporado la manta de matorral imprescindible para mantener la cohesión de tierra necesaria para evitar la tan temida erosión .
Con la catástrofe se ha destruido también , gran parte del hábitat ( en la Sierra de Cabrera ) de una especie protegida y en peligro de extinción : la tortuga mora .
.
Mojácar , situada en lo alto de una colina , fue asediada por el fuego en todos sus frentes ; obligando a desalojar a más de 4000 personas cuando las llamas acechaban sus viviendas .
.
Las cenizas cubren de muerte y decoloran ahora lo que otrora rezumaba color y vida .
El polvo lo impregna todo y se mezcla con la calima para insinúar parajes inhóspitos propios de otros mundos .
.
Algunas viviendas fueron rodeadas y asaltadas por el fuego antes de trepar éste , colina arriba , buscando la destrucción y el oxígeno .
.
Un cubo de basura yace , derrotado por el calor , plegado y sometido a los caprichos del nuevo terreno domado por el fuego .
.
Cerca del cementerio un campo de viejas encinas muestra las heridas del fuego devastador .
.
La carretera ( Al 6111 ) , que debió actuar como cortafuegos , fue ignorada y batida por el tamaño de una llamas que se alimentaron de todo lo que había en ellas .
.
Justo en la tapia del cementerio , el fuego se cebó con una replantación de chopos y matorral .
Los cipreses que encuadran la señorial entrada muestran su cara tostada como prueba de la singular batalla .
El fuego no molestó a los muertos .
.
Una chumbera , abatida por el calor extremo , se muestra derretida y derrotada .
El olor a podredumbre es insoportable .
.
Ningún cerro en el recorrido Turre - Mojácar se salvó de la quema .
Despreciar la importancia del matorral en los incendios de Mojácar es ignorar las bases para la conservación de un ecosistema tan frágil como el almeriense .
El matorrar impide con su arraigo la erosion del terreno y su posterior desertización .
Una vez despojado de tan sutil manto , la escorrentía de pendientes arrastra las capas fértiles de la tierra impidiendo el asentamiento de nuevas floras .
.
El sotobosque es el primero en padecer los rigores del fuego .
Arbustos y matorrales se convierten en una sábana blanca y polvorosa de pavesas y cenizas dejando expuestas y desnudas las viejas especies arbóreas , que permanecen heridas de muerte por sus carbonizadas cepas .
.
Cientos de cementerios de caracoles incombustibles afloran de entre las cenizas para tamizar la alfombra blanca .
Al cogerlos con las manos se deshacen como papel de fumar para convertirse en el mismo polvo blanco que les rodea .
.
Los árboles muertos y carbonizados parecen retorcerse aún de dolor .
.
Algunos vehículos en el camino del Cerro Mezquita dejaron al descubierto su parte más dura .
.
.
Fuentes y enlaces
Todas las fotos fueron sacadas con una Canon Eos 500D en mi reciente visita a la zona cuando el fuego ya había desaparecido por completo .
Cuando los periodistas habían dejado ya de hacer fotos y se marchaban con la noticia , cuando los afectados tenían que volver a sus casas y comenzar a labrar sus campos de nuevo …
El recorrido incluye sólo la parte de paraje incendiado que va desde
Turre al pueblo de Mojácar .
El incendio llegó también a las playas , amenazando a hoteles y urbanizaciones pegadas al litoral .
Nunca antes había caminado por una alfombra de ceniza tan espesa y desoladora .
Reseñar la sensación de vacío provocada también por la ausencia del ‘ chicharreo ’ constante de insectos tan característico del paisaje de la zona .
Si te ha interesado esta entrada , no deberías perderte :
- Madrid entre ayer y hoy .
- Niños encadenados .
Historias enlazadas .
- Los Picapiedra
.
menéame si te pareció interesante y mira más comentarios .
Gracias !
Vota la anotación en Bitacoras.com .
Gracias !
Twitea esta entrada o sigue el Twitter de Kurioso .
Gracias !
ah ! , y recuerda .
Este blog se presenta a los premios 20 Blogs .
No olvides darle tu apoyo con un voto .
Gracias !
Site Navigation Home / Blog
Site Map
Free Software
Web Portfolio
Games
Music
About / Résumé
Contact Quick Links Form Tools
Data Generator
The Pixelator
Flash Image Scroller
Scroggle
Code Hide Show Bookmarklet Generator Overview Practically every web - related job I 've ever had , I 've found myself constantly having to enter and re-enter information into forms for testing purposes .
After the 2879879287th of filling in the same form , it REALLY begins to grate on the ol ' nerves , as any Quality Assurance ( QA ) specialist will know .
To remedy this I wrote a simple bookmarklet ( see here for a definition of " bookmarklet " ) to fill in a form automatically - I had to fill in that particular form maybe 10 or 20 times a day , so it was a good candidate for automation .
Now , whenever that form stares back at me , I can just click my custom bookmarklet and hey presto !
It 's filled in .
This has saved me a great deal of angst , let me tell you .
So then I figured : hey , this is pretty cool !
It would sure be nice to have this functionality for ANY form I come across .
Hence the Form Filler Bookmarklet Generator .
This little script actually builds javascript bookmarklets for any web form .
You just fill in the form , click the bookmark and a window pops open with the bookmarklet (s ) for that page .
If your page contains multiple forms and each form contains values in at least one field , a bookmarklet will be generated to repopulate it with exactly the same content .
Cool , huh ?
Requirements / Limitations Firefox .
( Sorry , but it 's high time to drop IE .
Trust me ) .
Javascript must be enabled
Form size : due to the maximum length of URLs ( ~3000 + for Firefox ) , it wo n't work for storing a LOT of form information .
Best for smaller forms .
Single quotes in fields will cause problems .
The script does n't UNSELECT / UNCHECK checkboxes or multi-select boxes , only RE - selects them .
WARNING
Don't ever ever ever ever ever ever use this script to store sensitive information like passwords or credit cards !
That information is stored in a bookmark in your web browser , so anyone on your computer will be able to access it !
Install
To install it * , just :
Copy the contents of the textarea below to your clipboard ( CTRL - A & CTRL - C on Windows )
In your browser 's toolbar , right click over it and select " New Bookmark " Name it " Form Filler " or whatever you fancy , and in the Location field , paste in the contents you just selected ( CTRL - V on Windows ) Continue reading below ... javascript: var fz=new Array ( ) ; var z=new Array ( ) ; function F ( p ) {var m=new Array ( ) ; for ( n=0 ; n Form #%22 +( f+1 ) +%22
%22) ;}w.document.write ( %22
Drag the link onto your toolbar .%22);w.document.close ( ) ; }B( ) ; *
For you bookmarklet nerds out there , the reason I could n't just make this a regular link is due to escaping problems in the javascript .
Simply escaping the " chars in the javascript is insufficient for a valid , working HTML link .
I 'd welcome any solutions you might come up with !
Test it out !
By this point , you should have the Form Filler bookmarklet generator installed as a bookmark in your browser .
To see how the script works , do the following : Fill in the various fields in the two ( rather inane ) forms below .
Click the " Form Filler " bookmark that you created earlier .
You 'll see a popup appear containing one or two links .
Drag the links to your toolbar : these are now custom - built javascript bookmarklets for populating the form (s ) .
Click the reset buttons for each form .
Click the newly created bookmarklet & see the forms be automatically populated .
Neat , huh ?
Now use it on your own forms !
Demo Form : How Brahman are You ?
Name Password Comments Gender Male
Female
None of your business Satyagraha kicks ass !
Absolutely .
Which foods do you like ?
Meat Veg Hummus
How do you feel about the British ?
Ambivalent Positive Negative Select your favourite onomatopoeia errrr ommmm eeeee urrrrr ooooo Demo Form Deux First Name Age
If you encounter any bugs or have feature suggestions , please contact me .
Britain's ban of Savage decried by detractors FREE SPEECH
** FILE ** In this Monday , Dec. 3 , 2007 file photo , radio talk show host Michael Savage poses with his dog Teddy in Tiburon , Calif .
Radio talk show host Michael Savage , who described 99 percent of children with autism as brats , said Monday July 21 , 2008 he was trying to " boldly awaken " parents to his view that many people are being wrongly diagnosed .
( AP Photo / John Storey ) less ** FILE ** In this Monday , Dec. 3 , 2007 file photo , radio talk show host Michael Savage poses with his dog Teddy in Tiburon , Calif .
Radio talk show host Michael Savage , who described 99 percent of children with ... more Photo : John Storey , AP Photo : John Storey , AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Britain's ban of Savage decried by detractors 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Conservative talk show host Michael Savage 's commentary has offended groups from parents of autistic kids to Muslim leaders .
But the San Francisco - based syndicated talker , who made a " name and shame " list of people banned from entering Britain , may have been shocked himself to find some of his opponents , including civil libertarians , defending him .
On Tuesday , British Home Secretary Jacqui Smith published the names of 16 of 22 people banned from the country since October for allegedly fostering extremism or hatred .
Along with Savage , who has called the Quran , the Muslim holy book , " a book of hate , " Muslim extremists , jailed Russian gang members and a militant Israeli settler were banned .
Smith cited " public interest " reasons for not disclosing six of the names .
Since 2005 , the United Kingdom has excluded 101 people for " unacceptable behavior , including animal rights extremists , right - to - life , homophobe and far - right extremists , as well as those who advocate hatred and violence in support of their religious beliefs , " Robin Newmann , spokesman for the British consulate in San Francisco , said by e-mail Tuesday .
In 2008 , he said , Smith " introduced new measures that favored excluding people who have spread hatred . "
In response , Savage both mocked the British and promised legal action .
" Today it 's me .
Tomorrow it 's someone else , " he told The Chronicle .
' Weapon of censorship '
Civil libertarians say the move illustrates the increasing willingness of countries , including the United States , to " use their borders as a weapon of censorship , " said Jameel Jaffer , an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union .
In March , more than 70 organizations , including the ACLU , signed a letter asking Attorney General Eric Holder , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano to end " ideological exclusion , " described as " refusing visas to foreign scholars , writers , artists and activists not on the basis of their actions but on the basis of their ideas , political views and associations . "
While civil libertarians say the practice intensified after the passage of the Patriot Act in 2001 , it recalls Cold War fears when people like Chilean poet Pablo Neruda , a communist , was kept out of the United States .
The letter cited people who been barred from entering the United States , including Adam Habib , a South African professor and human rights activist , Rafael de Jesus Gallego Romero , a Colombian priest who is a critic of his government , and Tariq Ramadan , a Swiss national who is a professor at the University of Oxford and described as a leading Islamic thinker .
The State Department did not respond to a request for comment Tuesday .
" While some of these people may express views that others find disagreeable , often the cure is worse than the disease , " Jaffer said .
" It also deprives the citizens of that country of their ability to hear dissenting views . "
Creates ' Streisand effect '
Practically , such moves are largely ineffective in the Internet age .
Savage 's show reaches an estimated 8 to 10 million listeners on more than 350 stations nationwide but is not broadcast in Britain .
Still , his program can be heard online worldwide .
Banning Savage in Britain could create an example of " the Streisand Effect , " said Danny O'Brien of the Electronic Frontier Foundation , which seeks to preserve " freedoms in the networked world . "
In 2003 , singer Barbra Streisand attempted to have photos of her Malibu beachfront home removed from an online site .
Publicity from her legal effort , which she lost , inspired more than a million people to view the property online .
" I 'm sure right now , there are millions of people in the U.K. searching online to find out more about Michael Savage and what he said that was so offensive , " said O'Brien , the foundation 's international outreach coordinator .
" I 'd be more concerned if the U.K. law was attempting to block Mr. Savage 's commentary online . "
No laughing matter
Savage told The Chronicle he was shocked to learn he was on the list along with Stephen " Don " Black , who founded a white supremacist Web site in Florida , and preacher Fred Phelps , patriarch of an anti-gay Kansas church that has led protests , including some in San Francisco , at which demonstrators held signs reading " God hates fags . "
" When I woke up and saw this this morning , my first thought was , damn , there goes the summer trip where I planned to have my dental work done , " he joked .
" My second thought was , darn , there goes my visit to the restaurants of England for their great cuisine . "
But , he added , the issue is no laughing matter - and represents a serious threat to free speech .
Savage said to be included in such a group is both defamatory and dangerous .
He said he is preparing legal action against Smith and the British government .
" This lunatic is linking me up with Nazi skinheads who are killing people in Russia , she 's putting me in a league with Hamas murderers who kill Jews on buses , " he said .
" My views may be inflammatory , but they 're not violent in any way .
" So who else will be banned - all the people who listen to my show , 10 million people ?
Should they also not go to Britain ? "
Free speech defended
Indeed , even the Council for American - Islamic Relations - who along with the Electronic Frontier Foundation was embroiled in a lawsuit last year with Savage over on - air comments he made about Muslims and the Quran , defended his right to free expression .
Last year , the organization posted clips of Savage 's program and called for an advertiser boycott .
Savage sued the council for copyright infringement , but a judge ruled the group 's actions were protected by free speech .
Though council spokesman Ibrahim Hooper condemned Savage 's anti-Islamic comments , " as a matter of principle , we do n't support such bans .
They tend to be selective , in that only popular speech is allowed and unpopular speech is not allowed . "
Ban spurs publicity
" Usually , these types of things ( the ban ) just give people like this publicity , " Hooper said .
" I do n't think Savage will be too upset .
It will give him something to talk about on his show for the next six months .
' I was banned in England . ' "
Indeed , Savage allowed that maybe the British government has done him a huge favor .
" If I did n't have an audience yesterday , " he said , " I will have one today . "
Users of Pidgin and other alternative IM clients need to update their software following the discovery of potentially serious security flaws .
Pidgin , Finch , Adium , Meebo , and Gaim are all vulnerable to a flaw that stems from a bug in Libpurple , library software for multi-protocol support that 's used by many IM clients .
The vulnerability stems from bugs in the software function that handles instant messages from the MSN network .
The flaw was discovered by CORE Security whose advisory can be found here .
The flaw is particularly serious because all it takes to take advantage of the vulnerability is a message from a regular MSN user , not necessarily on a targeted user 's buddy list , the SANS Institute Internet Storm Centre warns .
Users are advised to update to an IM client that uses non-vulnerable versions of Libpurple ( version 2.5.9 or above ) .
For Pidgin , the most common of the alternative IM packages affected , that means updating to version 2.5.9 as explained here .
The issue provides further evidence that users of alternative client software may remove themselves from the main line of attacks but not from the need to patch their systems . ®
The planet HAT - P - 7b , which is about 1.4 times as wide as Jupiter and 1.8 times as massive , seems to orbit its star in the opposite direction to the star ’s spin ( Illustration : Leiden Observatory )
Just a day after the announcement of the first extrasolar planet found orbiting its star backwards , two other teams announced the discovery of a second one .
“ It is funny that the two good cases for really misaligned orbits , even retrograde orbits , have come at around the same time , ” says Joshua Winn of MIT , lead author of one of the new papers .
Both Winn ’s team and another , led by Norio Narita at the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan , used the Japanese Subaru telescope to observe planet HAT - P - 7b , a previously known planet about 1000 light years from Earth that was recently observed by NASA ’s new planet - hunting satellite Kepler .
Both teams found that the planet ’s orbit is wildly tilted with respect to its star ’s equator .
Advertisement
Star ’s spin
Winn ’s measurements indicate that the planet either runs backwards along the star ’s equator , at a tilt of about 180° , or it orbits the star ’s poles , at a 90° tilt .
It is difficult to distinguish between the two scenarios because astronomers can’t tell the angle at which the star is pointed towards Earth – they can only detect that one side of the star has a component of its velocity that is rotating towards Earth , while the other side has a component that is rotating away .
“ We do n’t know if it ’s a slowly rotating star that we ’re seeing edge - on , or a really rapidly rotating star that we ’re seeing pole - on , ” Winn says .
“ It could be like the solar system – but reversed , or it could be going pole over pole .
Either way it ’s cool . ”
Because HAT - P - 7b is in Kepler ’s field of view , Kepler could solve the mystery by observing the movement of sunspots across the face of the star .
Data discrepancy
Narita ’s group , on the other hand , reports that the planet ’s orbit is inclined by 227° with respect to the star ’s equator – a disagreement of about 45° with Winn ’s numbers .
“ Statistically , they ’re highly discrepant , ” Winn told New Scientist .
“ I have no explanation . ”
The discrepancy could be due to differences in how the two teams used the telescope , or in the models they used to interpret their findings .
They wo n’t know for certain until they can exchange their data , Winn says .
“ It ’s not uncommon for these measurements to be difficult enough for there to be ambiguity , ” says Adam Burrows of Princeton University , who was not involved in the research .
Big tilt
Greg Laughlin of the University of California , Santa Cruz , who was also not involved in the work , agrees .
“ I think it ’s just a small systematic error that is leading to the difference , ” he told New Scientist .
“ I think the take - home message is that both of the analyses are suggesting that you ’ve got quite likely a retrograde planet , ” Laughlin says .
“ The quality of the data is still slightly noisy .
I think after they get a few more measurements , the discrepancy will be cleared up . ”
“ At least both data sets are pointing to the same qualitative conclusion , that the thing is tilted quite a bit , ” Winn adds .
The maximum tilt for planets in our solar system is 7° .
Shadow companion
Both HAT - P - 7 b and the planet announced on Wednesday , WASP - 17b , are “ hot Jupiters ” – gas giant planets extremely close to their stars .
HAT - P - 7b , which is 1.4 times as wide as Jupiter and 1.8 times as massive , is smaller and heavier than WASP - 17 b , which may be the biggest and least - dense exoplanet found to date .
Both planets may have been thrown into their bizarre orbits by a close encounter with another planet , or by the gradual gravitational pull of an unseen companion star ( see Planet found orbiting its star backwards for first time ) .
“ The theories are all on the same theme :
You need at least one other body in the system that does something to mess up the orbit , ” Winn says .
Sibling planet ?
In fact , Winn ’s team says the wobble of HAT - P - 7 b ’s host star suggests the star has another , more distant planet in its system .
Could that as - yet - unconfirmed planet be responsible for HAT - P - 7 b ’s backwards orbit ?
“ We do n’t know , ” Winn told New Scientist .
“ That ’s clearly something there that needs to be followed up . ”
Although both teams studying the star HAT - P - 7 , as well as the team studying WASP - 17 , have submitted their papers to peer - reviewed journals , none have been accepted for publication yet .
‘ Oddball ’ planets
Winn did not know that the WASP - 17 group was going to release their paper yesterday , but he claims not to mind being scooped .
“ In the larger scheme of things , it does n’t really matter , ” he says .
“ It ’s great for the field that there are two of these objects that were found at around the same time .
It ’s just another way in which the exoplanets are different – different from expectations and different from the solar system . ”
“ We ’re catching so many planets these days , we ’re bound to see some of the oddballs , ” Burrows adds .
“ These are n’t going to be the last ones . ”
Here are my notes on setting up an Emacs C++ development environment .
I 'm using GNU g++ ( 4.3.3 ) , GNU make ( 3.81 ) , GNU gdb ( 3.8 - debian ) , and GNU emacs ( 23.0.92.1 built from CVS 2009 - 04 - 22 ) on Ubuntu Linux ( 9.04 Jaunty Jackalope ) .
Install tools
If you do n't already have g++ , make , and gdb , install them :
sudo apt - get install g++ make gdb
Create files
Create a project directory : mkdir helloworld
Create a source file helloworld / hello.cpp : # include < iostream > int main ( void ) { char greeting [ ] = " Hello World ! " ; std:: cout << greeting << std::endl ; return 0 ; }
: Create a makefile helloworld / Makefile : # Makefile for GNU g++ CC=g++ CFLAGS=-g - Wall all : hello hello : hello.cpp $ ( CC ) $ ( CFLAGS ) -o hello hello.cpp clean : rm hello
Compile within Emacs
See also : 32 Compiling and Testing Programs in the GNU Emacs manual .
Open hello.cpp in Emacs
in Emacs M-x compile RET make -k RET Note :
The default compile command is make -k .
You can change the default command by setting the compile - command variable in your .emacs file .
Useful commands in the compilation window : C-x ` :
Go to next error in the code M-n :
Go to next error message M-p :
Go to previous error message RET :
Go to the source code for the current error message
Run using Emacs shell
M-! ./hello RET
You should see the output in the minibuffer .
Debug with gdb in Emacs
For more information see : 32.6 Running Debuggers Under Emacs in the GNU Emacs manual .
To show multiple debugging windows such as breakpoints , locals , etc. , set the gdb-many - windows variable in ~/.emacs : ( setq gdb-many - windows t) Restart Emacs .
variable in : Restart Emacs .
Start the debugger .
While visiting helloworld / hello.cpp : M-x gdb RET -- annotate=3 hello RET
: Set a breakpoint by clicking in the left margin at the desired location .
Run the debugger by typing run at the ( gdb ) prompt in the * gud - hello * buffer .
at the prompt in the buffer .
In the GUD buffer , use the following commands : C-c C-s Step into C-c C-n Stev over C - c C-p Evaluate the expression at point .
C-c C-r Continue C-c C-u Continue until current line
When finished , type quit at the ( gdb ) prompt .
Documentation :
References
At a certain point , you ’ve got to just call it water .
Not to be outdone by a fellow conglomerate , Anheuser - Busch InBev raised ( lowered ? ) the stakes against MillerCoors ’ MGD Light 64 with its launch this week of Bud Select 55 .
The new light beer , which I promise is not a joke , boasts a slender and eponymous 55 calories .
But A - B InBev not only bests MillerCoors in cutting calories — they pretty much give you less across the board .
Let ’s see how they stack up .
( All servings 12 oz . )
Bud Select 55 – 55 calories , 1.9 g carbs , 2.4 % abv
– 55 calories , 1.9 g carbs , 2.4 % abv MGD Light 64 – 64 calories , 2.4 g carbs , 2.8 % abv
– 64 calories , 2.4 g carbs , 2.8 % abv Bud Select – 99 calories , 3.1 g carbs , 4.3 % abv
– 99 calories , 3.1 g carbs , 4.3 % abv skim milk – 129 calories , 17.9 g carbs
– 129 calories , 17.9 g carbs orange juice – 168 calories , 28.2 g carbs
I include the skim milk and OJ to illustrate that stuff that many people drink every day — and generally think of as healthy , or at least not destructive — positively booms next to these watered down beers .
But the best part of the caloric arms race ( for companies , not drinkers ) is that they ’re charging more money and successfully selling a product that is literally watered down .
Jokes about coitus in a Native American nautical vessel aside , when all these nutrition stats are lower , it ’s because there ’s simply less ingredients in each bottle .
These discussions often bring up price per alcohol comparisons , because price and abv are two quantifiable statistics .
The real fleecing going on here is that people pay the same $ 5 or $ 6 for a six - pack of these ultralight beers ( with sub - 3 % alcohol levels ) as they would for light beer ( about 4 % abv ) or ordinary , somewhat flavorful Bud Heavy ( 5 % ) .
So unless Bud Light is just too rich for the Select 55 or MGD 64 drinker , these people are paying for water at beer prices .
Or , put another way , they ’re paying for a placebo beer that they can drink in higher quantity than ordinary beer to the same effect .
They ’re paying for A - B InBev and M - C to step in and feed them water because they ca n’t just slow down and have one or two less beers in a night .
It occurs to me that you might be wondering what this near - beer tastes like .
Actually , I kinda am too , but D.C. is S.O.L. ; Select 55 is currently being test marketed in 15 places .
Ratebeer ‘s got a few early reviews , though .
In the meantime I ’m going to sit back and enjoy the arms race of numbers until A - B and M - C start peddling beer - scented seltzer .
I leave you with the similarly absurd Gilette - Schick razor - blade showdown : when Schick upped the ante on the Gilette ’s Mach 3 with its four - bladed Quattro ( extra blade , extra “ T ” ) , Gilette sure enough hit back with its five - bladed Fusion 5 .
Five razor blades on your face sounds ridiculous , right ?
Well , The Onion totally called it out .
Thomas moved out of his apartment and into mine , in August of 2014 .
He proposed with a beautiful vintage - style ring , on December 13th ; and after realizing we both had the day off , and no desire to not be married , we had a courthouse ceremony on a Wednesday — March 11 2015 — Thomas ’ 29th birthday .
My 30th birthday party , that following May 6 , served as our rooftop Manhattan reception .
For my boy 's 5th birthday , as per Thomas ’ suggestion , I went on my first family vacation — to Disney World — since Las Vegas nearly a decade earlier .
This time we included Jari ’s husband , toddler , and unborn daughter ; Josie ’s fiancé and their unborn son ; as well as Thomas , my son , and of course my parents .
During that vacation , my father — whom had long since stopped being the angry man that I grew up with — thanked Thomas for coming into our lives .
On the following December 13th — while I had n’t been running nearly as much — I completed my first half marathon : The Frozen Bonsai in Central Park .
We …
Hamas ' " Ghost " Rises Again
Hamas has debuted its first feature film , " Emad Akel , " an action - packed tribute to a top Hamas commander killed in 1993 .
At the first showing in Gaza City , screenwriter and Hamas architect Mahmoud Zahar said movies are one more way for Palestinians to fight Israeli rule .
" Resistance can be a word , a poem , " he said .
Read more
' The Chasers ' Confront Torture Lawyer John Yoo in Class
In this video , a satirical group from Australia called the Chasers confronts torture lawyer John Yoo during his recent class at Berkeley .
A black hood over his head , a man stands on his chair and asks the professor , “ How long can I be required to stand here ’ til it counts as torture ? ”
Read more
This one is impossible to explain -- really , it is -- but we 'll try .
A woman possessed by the " most beautifiliest angel lusefer " and claims to be the " reincarnation of Venus Aphrodite Demilo " has filed a $ 3 billion lawsuit against Hugh Hefner , suing him for ... well ... it 's nearly impossible to tell .
Sheri Allred -- who also calls herself " the biggest hat in the world " -- claims
Hefner is a member of a pedophile organization and once hid under her bed when she was five - years - old in order to do naughty things to her .
Kim Nike aka Kimberly Hairy Pussy Just look at this fantastic model named Kimberly !
She strips her body very slowly …
She shows her firm tits that are really beautiful and very sexy …
And then , she takes off her lacy thongs and exposes her natural pussy …
This hairy pussy can drive everyone crazy who loves natural .
M-m-m , this cute chick can turn you on only by touching her perky nipples and masturbating …
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - North Korea said on Monday it had agreed to reopen the border to South Korea its neighbor and allow tourism and family reunions to start again .
North Korean leader Kim Jong -il ( R ) poses with South Korea 's Hyundai Group chairwoman Hyun Jeong - eun during their meeting at an undisclosed location in North Korea August 16 , 2009 , in this picture released by the north 's official news agency KCNA .
REUTERS / KCNA
But in a reminder that tensions still run high on the peninsula , North Korea ’s KCNA news agency immediately followed the report with one warning of a “ merciless and prompt annihilating strike , ” including nuclear weapons , if upcoming U.S. and South Korean military drills commit even the slightest infringement on its sovereignty .
The agreement to ease restrictions on the border follows a meeting between the reclusive state ’s leader Kim Jong-il and the head of the South Korean Hyundai Group who had gone to Pyongyang to seek the release of a detained worker .
The visit followed hot on the heels of one earlier in the month by former U.S. President Bill Clinton , who also met Kim , to win the release of two jailed American journalists .
The visits come after months of military grandstanding by the North , including a second nuclear test , that has led to tightened U.N. economic sanctions which some analysts say may be starting to hurt what is already an almost broken economy .
North Korea has portrayed both visits as paying tribute to leader Kim , 67 , whose health is the subject of speculation .
He is believed to be trying to ensure his youngest son becomes the third generation in the family to head the destitute communist dynasty , its coffers drained by heavy military spending , poor economic management and years of U.N. sanctions .
KCNA said Kim on Friday “ granted a long audience to and had a cordial talk with Hyon Jong Un , chairperson of the Hyundai Group , and her party on a visit to Pyongyang , and complied with all her requests . ”
The giant Hyundai Group runs tourism to the North and operates the Kaesong industrial park just across the border and a lucrative source of income for Pyongyang ’s leadership .
COLD WAR FRONTIER
Tours across the Cold War ’s last frontier have ground to a halt and the industrial park itself has looked under threat as relations between the two , technically at war for more than half a century , have worsened .
The freeze was triggered after South Korea ’s conservative President Lee Myung - bak took office 18 months ago ending a free flow of aid unless his neighbor gave up its nuclear weapons program -- something the North says it cannot do while U.S. troops remain in the South .
Under the latest agreement , land passage across their heavily armed border which was all but blocked late last year will be resumed , allowing the normal traffic to the Kaesong factory park .
It will also allow the restart of tourism to the scenic Mt Kumgang resort , halted a year ago after a North Korean soldier shot dead a tourist from the South who had wandered into a military area .
And Hyundai will launch long - planned tours to the Mt Paektu , a sacred mountain in Korea and , according to official North Korean history , where Kim Jong - il was born .
He is widely thought to have in fact been born in the Soviet Union where his father was being trained during World War Two .
North Korea will also allow the resumption in October of the emotionally charged reunion of families separated by the 1950 - 53 Korean War .
There was no word on whether Hyundai , as part of the latest deal , had buckled to recent demands by North Korea for hefty increases in payments for operating the Kaesong industrial park which offers cheap labor to South Korean companies .
The agreement will reopen crucial sources of income for the North as it grapples with the impact of U.N. sanctions , aimed at cutting off its weapons trade that has long been an important source of income .
Ambassador Philip Goldberg , the U.S. coordinator for implementation of the U.N. resolutions , is expected to travel to Asia this week to strengthen the measures .
Last week , he said efforts to inspect North Korean vessels for illegal weapons and curb financial transactions by Pyongyang entities suspected of proliferation were winning wide backing .
First | Prev | Next | Last
A Modest Destiny - Maxim Saves the World
Previous Episode <<< First | Prev | Next | Last >>>
Next Episode
Copyright 2001 - 2008 Sean Howard .
All rights reserved .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Thanks to the BBC for a link to this paper describing how Google ’s algorithm for ranking web pages could determine what species are most critical for sustaining ecosystems .
The authors write in PLoS Computational Biology that their version of PageRank could ascertain which extinction would likely lead to ecosystem collapse .
Species are embedded in complex networks of relationships .
Some more so than others .
In those cases , a single extinction can cascade into the loss of many other species .
Figuring this out in advance is supremely difficult .
The number of links in even simple ecosystems exceeds the number of atoms in the universe .
We ca n’t sort out that kind of complexity without quantum computers .
But maybe Google can .
Researchers Stefano Allesina and Mercedes Pascual reversed the definition of the PageRank algorithm that ranks a webpage as important if important pages point to it .
In the conservation biology context , even humble species are important if they point to important species .
The researchers also designed a cyclical element into the foodweb system by including the detritus pool … you know , that to which all returns and that from which all arises .
Allesina and Pascual then tested their method against published foodwebs to rank species according to the damage caused if they were removed from the ecosystem .
They also tested algorithms already in use in computational biology to find a solution to the same problem .
The results : PageRank gave them exactly the same solution as the more complicated algorithms .
In the real world , this research will likely make it easier to quickly target conservation efforts for maximum benefit .
Hope evolves in that muddy puddle where technology meets environmentalism .
French iPhone explodes mid-call , glass screen sent flying
Do more Apple gadgets explode than those of any other manufacturer , or do we just hear about them more ?
Either way , the latest iPhone to go fizz - pop - bang is in France , where a teenager ’s handset began “ hissing ” before the screen shattered sending glass “ flying in the air ” .
“ The iPhone was 30 centimetres away from my face when I felt like I received a grain of sand in my eye .
It could only be a piece of glass ” user Romain Koleda told reporters , while his mother is considering taking legal action against Apple .
It ’s unclear what model of iPhone was affected , though going by the picture it is either an iPhone 3G or a newer 3GS .
Apple France have not yet commented on the situation , despite requests from French news agencies .
However Apple technical support told France24 that “ some clients told us their batteries could get really hot on the 3GS model , and we ’ve replaced a few products .
But we ’ve never heard of an iPhone that exploded . ”
Following the report , another Frenchman contacted press claiming his iPhone ’s display shattered during a call on July 25th .
However he was reportedly not injured .
Earlier this month it was reported that a teenage girl ’s iPod touch exploded , while in the Netherlands an iPhone 3G caught fire and caused considerable damage to a car seat .
[ via Guardian ]
Open Credit : FREDERICK A A KINGDOM , ALI YOONESSI AND ELENA GHEORGHIU , McGill Vision Research , Dept .
Ophthalmology , McGill University
Year 's Best Optical Illusion Share
Advertisement
No , you have not had one grappa too many .
These images of the Leaning Tower are actually identical , but the tower on the right looks more lopsided because the human visual system treats the two images as one scene .
Our brains have learned that two tall objects in our view will usually rise at the same angle but converge toward the top — think of standing at the base of neighboring skyscrapers .
Because these towers are parallel , they do not converge , so the visual system thinks they must be rising at different angles , as demonstrated by this year 's winner of the Best Visual Illusion of the Year Contest , sponsored by the Neural Correlate Society .
0
" It ’s hard to look at paintings , ” Brice Marden once said .
“ You have to be able to bring all sorts of things together in your mind , your imagination , in your whole body . ”
Good paintings make the exercise worth the trouble .
Great paintings make it seem valuable in itself , as one of the more rewarding things that having minds , imaginations , and bodies lets us do .
Marden ’s current retrospective at the Museum of Modern Art confirms him , at the age of sixty - eight , as the most profound abstract painter of the past four decades .
There are fifty - six paintings in the show , dating from broody monochromes made in 1964 - 66 , when Marden was fresh out of art school at Yale , to new , clamorous , six - panelled compositions , twenty - four feet long , of overlaid loopy bands in six colors .
( His several styles of laconic form and smoldering emotion might be termed “ passive - expressive . ” )
As selected and installed by Gary Garrels , the senior curator at the Hammer Museum , in Los Angeles , the ensemble affords an adventure in aesthetic experience — and , tacitly , in ethical , and even spiritual experience .
There are also some fifty drawings : too few .
Marden ’s drawings ( and etchings , which are entirely absent ) constitute an immense achievement in their own right , and their resourcefulness and grace are best perceived in quantity .
Marden was born in Bronxville , New York .
His father was a mortgage servicer .
Inspired by a sophisticated neighbor who painted , Marden grew up avid for art .
He underwent classical academic training at the Boston University of Fine and Applied Arts , from 1958 to 1961 .
Manet transfixed him ; he imitated Cézanne and early Matisse .
He discovered Old Masters , chiefly Zurbarán , who would give him lasting sustenance .
Marden belongs to a generation of tough - minded American painters who arose in the aftermath of Abstract Expressionism and during the onsets of Pop and minimalism .
His Yale classmates included Chuck Close and Robert Mangold , as well as Richard Serra .
He is not a minimalist — a label often lazily affixed to him , as to other artists of the era whose deliberate styles register the historical logic of minimalism ( a debunking of pictorial rhetoric and illusion ) while resisting its impersonality .
He took practical guidance from the work of Jasper Johns and , in his early paintings , adopted Johns ’s matte , fleshy medium of oils mixed with beeswax — brushing it on , then smoothing it with a kitchen spatula .
Marden may usefully be considered a late - entry Abstract Expressionist : a conservative original , the last valedictorian of the New York School .
His early enthusiasms included Willem de Kooning and Franz Kline , and thoughts of Jackson Pollock irradiate his career .
Barnett Newman looms behind some of his less successful experiments .
But the painter who mattered most to the precocious Marden ’s maturation was Mark Rothko .
When viewing the apparently all - gray or all - beige canvases in the show ’s first room , try this : approach them slowly from a distance , attempting to keep the surface in focus .
At a certain point , your eyes will give up .
The surface eludes them .
Sombre color seems at once to engulf you , with a sort of oceanic tenderness , and infinitely to recede .
This effect distills that of the furry - edged , drifting masses of ineffable color with which Rothko aimed , he said , to evoke a mood of “ the single human figure , alone in a moment of utter immobility . ”
The young Marden ’s version is cooler and more calculated .
He employed the Rothkovian tactics of hanging paintings unframed , with paint running around the edges , low on the wall — commonly centered at about the height of your solar plexus — to address the viewer body - to - body .
Further emphasizing the painting as a physical object , a narrow margin of bare canvas along the bottom displays runs and drips of the work ’s several layers of paint .
The device is a mite gimmicky , and Marden soon discontinued it .
When using more than one color , he applied each to a separate , abutted panel , in diptychs and triptychs , to literalize their division .
All of this might be deemed mainly clever , in a standard key of sixties avant - gardism .
Certain titles ( “ The Dylan Painting , ” “ Nico ” ) declare citizenship in the decade ’s rock - and - roll , stoned Bohemia .
But the color !
It can seem that Marden has not only an eye but a taste , smell , touch , and ear for excruciating tone and anonymous hue .
His grays and grayed greens and blues recall the ungraspable nuances of Velázquez and , at times , the simmering ardors of Caspar David Friedrich .
( Am I dropping too many names ?
There ’s no helping it .
Marden , an artist bred in museums , communes rather directly with all past painters whose temperaments correspond to his own . )
While working on his ultimate series of monochromes , the exceedingly refined “ Grove Group , ” of the early seventies , which were inspired by sojourns on the Greek island of Hydra , he made notes on colors that he found in nature : a tree trunk “ black brown yellow cold dark ” ; an olive grove “ evasive silver gray green , blue gray green light , black gray browns ” ; and an Aegean sky “ blue , gray , yellow , sulphur , turquoise , yellow , blue . ”
These quotes are from a remarkable essay , in the show ’s catalogue , by the art historian Richard Shiff , who braces a discussion of Marden ’s self - abnegating sensitivity — “ knowing yourself by forgetting about yourself , ” in the artist ’s words — with apposite thoughts from the founder of American pragmatism , Charles Sanders Peirce .
Peirce described the transition in the mind of sensation into feeling , defining experience as “ consciousness of the action of a new feeling in destroying the old feeling . ”
That universal truth epitomizes Marden ’s best art , which makes a practically religious tenet of vulnerable openness to “ new feeling . ”
It is a romantic faith , and he observed it with the discipline of an eremite monk .
In the late seventies and early eighties , apparently with Newman in mind , Marden tried to monumentalize his work with architectonic arrays of panels , alluding to Greek temples .
Forced grandeur smothered the lyrical intimacy of his colors and textures .
While continuing to paint , he regrounded his enterprise through compulsive drawing , often with ink - dipped twigs , in flurries of impetuous line , informed by Chinese calligraphy , Pollock , and latent , dancerly figuration — “ letting the drawing itself do the work , ” he said .
( The antic graphism of Cy Twombly may have been a factor , but Marden maintains a conservative loyalty to unified composition , as Twombly does not . )
This led to pale - colored paintings of linear networks , irregular but tensile ( as if lightly spring - loaded ) , which he made in a fluid turpentine - cut medium , wielding sword - length brushes from the shoulder .
His “ Cold Mountain ” series , of 1989 - 91 , named for the Chinese poet Han Shan , strives with mixed success to maintain the spontaneity of drawing on a very large scale .
The concentration required to control the big , ungainly strokes is both heroic and taxing ; the works can seem to use up as much energy as they impart .
But Marden was onto something .
With growing confidence , he developed the lines into freely brushed bands of color .
Later , these became slow , deliberate shapes in themselves .
As color resumed a leading role in his art , the bands turned determinedly gawky , anti-gestural and anti-calligraphic , making you look straight at them .
Two new mural - size paintings , from a series called “ The Propitious Garden of Plane Image , ” are his most ambitious to date .
Their linear complexity and discordant color shock .
They deploy a system .
On each of six panels , bands in five of the six primary and secondary colors overlay a ground of the sixth .
From left to right , the ground colors are red , orange , yellow , green , blue , and purple .
The bands writhe like the snakes of the Laocoön while staying dead flat .
The phrase “ plane image , ” Marden has said , emphasizes his constant will to treat picture and paint as one thing .
Looking at these paintings is , in a word , hard .
They attract and repel in roughly equal measure .
As at a party , you ’re peripherally aware , wherever you are , of things happening elsewhere .
Marden thereby introduces an element of time .
We are to view the work episodically — our minds , imaginations , and bodies riveted at each point , but without ultimate resolution .
On a first encounter , they create sensations not yet transformed into feelings .
Win or lose , Marden ’s wager offers something that is increasingly rare in art : high stakes . ♦
It looks like Orly Taitz and her fellow Obama “ birthers ” have been “ punk ’d ” by an Obama supporter , said David Weigel in The Washington Independent .
An anonymous blogger posted four photos apparently showing the creation of the “ infamous ” fake Kenyan Obama birth certificate touted by Taitz , along with a “ mocking ” itemized list , MasterCard - style , that starts with “ Fine cotton business paper : $ 11 ” and ends with “ Punkin ’ the Birthers : Priceless . ”
The 1961 Kenyan birth document released by Taitz “ is probably not authentic , ” said Jerome Corsi in WorldNetDaily .
Certainly it “ shows distinct differences ” from an authentic 1961 - era birth certificate procured by WND .
Still , our sources in Nairobi “ do not rule out the possibility President Obama may indeed have been born in their country . ”
After she was “ punk ’d ” by the Kenyan birth certificate , Taitz has “ become too much even for the Birther movement , ” said Eric Kleefeld in Talking Point Memo .
Even “ the apparent godfather of Birtherism , ” Andy Martin , is asking his fellow conspiracy theorists to “ disown this ‘ nutcase ’ Taitz . ”
Of course , he also thinks the media is focusing on such an “ obvious crackpot ” to discredit the movement .
Martin is n’t the only media critic of the birther movement , said Mark Silva in the Chicago Tribune .
According to a new Pew poll , 41 percent of respondents who ’ve heard of the birthers say the media is paying too much attention to birthers ’ claims , compared with 28 percent ( and 39 percent of Republicans ) who say they ’re not hearing enough .
Republicans : The Fake Party of Small Government
People who vote Republican in the belief that the GOP is the party of small government need to get out of their codependent relationship .
Republicans claim to be the party of the head rather than the heart , the party that never lets wishful thinking trump the law of unintended consequences — unless , of course , proper reverence for the Flag or Fatherland is involved .
And recognizing that actions have consequences , in the realm of foreign policy , is just a fancy way of saying “ defeatism . ”
Come to think of it , there really seems to be a lot of messy Freudian stuff lurking beneath that Republican facade of stern common sense , does n’t there ?
Just consider how prominently accusations of being “ soft ” on this or that , or “ getting tough ” on something or other , or “ showing them ” or “ teaching them a lesson , ” figure in their rhetoric .
The Republicans : party of penis envy ?
Republican claims to be the party of small government are equally nonsensical .
First of all , it ’s a rather odd conception of “ small government ” that does n’t count the military and police as part of “ the government . ”
It ’s hard to believe that conservatism in this country was once identified with an opposition to foreign entanglements and large military establishments , or that the perpetual warfare state was originally created by liberals .
In fact , the legal precedents and constitutional arguments that the neocons appeal to in order to justify their wet dream National Security State all come from paragons of conservatism like Lincoln , Wilson and FDR .
Today , we ’re constantly reminded by self - described “ conservatives ” that loyal Americans rally around their “ Commander - in - Chief ” in wartime , and “ politics stops at the water ’s edge . ”
Sean Hannity got his knickers in a twist because some Democratic senator accused “ our Commander - in - Chief ” of lying–in ( gasp ) WARTIME !
Not only does “ politics stop at the water ’s edge ” for Republicans , but apparently Acton ’s Law stops there as well .
Seems to me that if patriotic Americans are required to suspend their normal distrust of government in wartime “ for the duration , ” that ’s a mighty powerful incentive for the “ Commander - in - Chief ” to STAY at war as much as possible .
As Dubya said some time or other , it ’s a lot easier when you ’re a dictator .
( Ever notice , by the way , that the same people so outraged that Pelosi would accuse the “ heroes ” in the CIA of lying were themselves making the same accusation back when it involved Valerie Plame and Doug Feith ? )
It ’s also an odd conception of “ small government ” that tasks it with making sure no two people with the same kinds of pee-pee get married , that nobody sees Janet Jackson ’s tit or hears one of George Carlin ’s “ seven words , ” and that everybody “ Just Says No ” to drugs ( other than Ritalin and Gardasil ) .
But even stipulating that “ small government ” principles only refer to domestic economic and regulatory policies that do n’t involve drugs or genitalia , the Republicans ’ “ free market ” rhetoric is a bunch of buncombe .
The Reaganite agenda of fake “ deregulation ” and “ privatization ” usually involves , in actual practice , the same kind of kleptocratic insider dealing that characterized Yeltsin ’s Russia .
The GOP ’s “ small government ” economic policy , when you get right down to it , is even more corporatist than that of the Democrats–and you ’ve got to go a ways to beat them .
What about the Republicans as the party of “ strict constitutionalism ” and “ original understanding ” ?
What that translates into in plain English , Jeffrey Toobin says , is “ a view that the Court should almost always defer to the existing power relationships in society . ”
Chief Justice Roberts , in every major case , “ has sided with the prosecution over the defendant , the state over the condemned , the executive branch over the legislative , and the corporate defendant over the individual plaintiff . ”
And come to think of it , I do n’t recall Madison and Jefferson advocating a set of Executive “ national security ” prerogatives as unbounded as those of Charles I .
( Did you notice , by the way , that these enemies of “ judicial activism ” were pressuring Sotomayor to discover a new fundamental right –the right to keep and bear arms–among those incorporated in the Fourteenth Amendment ? )
You folks out there with “ Democrats Care ” bumper stickers should n’t be enjoying this overmuch .
Behind all the crap about “ America ’s working families , ” the Democrats are really just the other corporatist party .
Democrats need to get over their own codependent relationship .
But that ’s another column .
Patch 1.24 is Live !
Change Log : --------------------------------------------------------------------------
WARCRAFT III : THE FROZEN THRONE VERSION HISTORY
-------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Patch 1.24 --------------------------------------------------------------------------
PC WORLD EDITOR CHANGES - Added new JASS hash table functions to replace the lost functionality from fixing unsafe type casting .
- Hash Table - Save Item Handle - Hash Table - Save Unit Handle - ... - Hash Table - Load Item Handle - Hash Table - Load Unit Handle - ... - Hash Table - Get Handle ID FIXES - Fixed an exploit related to unsafe type casting that allowed users to execute arbitrary code in maps .
-
Fixed the JASS unsafe type casting exploit ( " return bug " ) .
- Fixed several World Editor crashes .
ADDITIONAL -  Shadowing  global variables with local variables no longer is possible .
- Fixed a type conversion dealing with operators ( i.e. adding a handle with an integer ) - Added the ability to store hashtable handles in a hashtable - Added getSpellTargetX and getSpellTargetY natives - Added a new base handle type  Agent of which many types now extend from .
- Added a SaveAgentHandle native which can be used for saving most handle types - Added a JASS optimization dealing with global variable change events .
- Increased max map file size from 4MB to 8MB .
Patch 1.24 for Warcraft III : The Frozen Throne is now live .
For more detail regarding the patch and what it does , please refer to this thread .
Home Page
DoE v1.17 b Download
AotZ v2.03d Download
OD v0.10 x Download
Last edited by Rising_Dusk : 08-04-2009 at 11:41 PM
.
We look forward to walking alongside you and your family through designing your natural looking eye .
At your first visit you will learn about each step in the design process .
A socket examination will be completed to ensure proper healing of your tissue .
Our Ocularists will answer all your questions and assure you that you can trust our team with your care .
Our Patient Care Coordinators will be your advocates throughout the whole process , from acquiring referrals and authorizations , to filing insurance claims and providing support for your continued care .
They will also be involved with your in - office care , from a warm welcome to training you on how to care for your prosthesis .
Oddball cop and tough guy , Jack Cates is the only survivor of a cop shooting and in hunting down the murderer collects Reggie Hammond from jail for 48 hours .
Hammond is oddly motivated to help .
The killer is searching for his stash of cash .
Cates and Hammond who have the Black - white , cop -crook thing to work out make surprisingly good partners as they navigate through the city looking for their suspect .
Written by John Vogel < jlvogel@comcast.net >
For the last couple of days we 've been all witnesses of FUD surrounding a supposed 0 - day exploit for OpenSSH skyrocketing .
At this moment , it definitely looks like we 're dealing with a hoax – even more , it 's not the first time someone said they have a 0 - day exploit for SSH .
So , let 's see some facts about this .
It appears that the whole story started after a post to the Full - Disclosure mailing list on the 4th of July ( http://seclists.org/fulldisclosure/2009/Jul/0028.html).
The post supposedly shows a hacker group using a 0 - day exploit for SSH to compromise a server .
After doing some research here , it appears that this is a long standing argument between two guys ( or groups ) .
One of our readers submitted the following URL address ( http://flx.me/astahack2.txt), which shows another hack .
The " exploit " used in that file is a brute force attack for sure , as can be seen below :
anti-sec:~/pwn/xpl# ./openPWN -h 66.96.220.213 -p 2222 -l=users.txt
See the " - l " option ?
That supplies the list of users it will try to brute force .
Additionally , a bit below it even prints which user was hacked :
[~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ >]
user : crownvip
uname : Linux srv01.webhostline.com
2.6.21.5-hostnoc-3.1.7-libata-grsec-32 #1 SMP Mon Feb 11 06:36:58 EST 2008 i686 i686 i386 GNU / Linux
Now , what has been posted on the Full - Disclosure list ( the supposed
exploit ) looked like this :
anti-sec:~/pwn/xpl#
./0 pen0wn -h xx.yy .143.133 -p 22
Same group , same server , same directory – different file name .
Why did n't they use the mighty 0 - day first time ?
They brute forced into the server and then had to jail break .
This looks very much like a hoax to me – and this is the only evidence we have about a 0 - day ?
A post from an anonymous e-mail address ( hushmail ) to the Full - Disclosure mailing list ( which , we all have to admit , is n't the best source of verified information ) ?
And this was even enough for some web hosting companies to * shut down * their SSH service ?
I find this unbelievable .
Finally , OpenSSH developers would probably agree with me – one of the developers sent an e-mail to the Openssh - unix - dev mailing list ( http://lwn.net/Articles/340483/) also stating the obvious .
So , I 'd like to ask everyone not to spread the FUD anymore .
Every piece of evidence we received so far points only to brute force attacks on SSH servers ( which have been around for years ! ) .
Do keep an eye on your server and install all patches .
We will post more information if we receive it , but until then I think there was enough of this FUD .
--
Bojan
We made a comic despite the fact that Tony was searching for a new lair and Wes slept through his entire life .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
The Green Building process is becoming more talked about everyday , whether new construction or remodeling , home owners want to have a more efficient and environmentally friendly home .
But Green Building is much more than just following a checklist .
Green Building or sustainable building is composed of certain elements like design , energy savings , water savings , health and managing resources used in the home .
The check lists are the guidelines to help determine what areas need to be addressed in the process and what steps have to be taken .
But these check lists and the points often fuel the factor of Green Washing .
Green Washing is when a manufacturer , supplier or builder intentionally or unintentionally makes false , misleading or exaggerated claims about their products and the environmental benefits they may have .
A great example of Green Washing is when a builder puts a few energy efficient products in a home and claims it is a green home .
Another example may be when a manufacturer uses recycled products and makes a green claim .
Check the percentage of recycled material in the product before believing every green claim .
Also check to see if a company is truly watching out for the environment in their everyday practices and not harming the environment with some other product they may produce .
A couple easy phrases may just be the tip to help with determining whether a product is green .
First do n’t fall for the phrase , “ My product is LEED or NAHB Green Certified ” , USGBC ’s LEED or NAHB Green Build Programs do not certify products , they only provide guidelines on what a product have to achieve to fit within the guidelines .
Also watch for generic phrases like “ This product uses the newest Eco- friendly or environmentally save technology " , but has no documentation to back it up .
Beware of the maintenance free claims .
Just because a product may be maintenance free does not make it green .
Always asks for documentation to substantiate the green claim .
If a company can not provide you proper information you are asking for , it is an immediate red flag that they probably do n’t really understand what makes a product green .
Labels and certification documents are always the best way to determine whether a company or a product can back up the Green claim .
Energy Star , FSC , SFI or WaterSense are just a few of labels you can look for .
These are considered third party certification that has already determined that a product fits within proper criteria .
You can find a more extensive list of these third party certifications at Green Building Ideas .
Some products may be very green and may not hold a third party certification .
Consider these labels as a filter to help but do n’t always disregard a green claim just because it does not have a third party label on it .
Do your research and look into the company or product before making a decision .
Finding products and substantiating claims may be the longest and most time consuming process in any project , unless you find a builder that has a strong background in the green building process .
Ask your builder if he or she is a NAHB Certified Green Professional or AP LEED certified .
Then ask to provide you with examples of a green project they have completed .
This will make your , new construction or remodeling , green project a more satisfying experience .
Saturn 's smog - ridden moon Titan bears a striking resemblance to Earth despite its alien environment , a study has revealed .
Scientists have now mapped a third of Titan 's surface using radar to pierce the planet - sized moon 's thick atmosphere .
The probe has revealed mountain ranges , dunes , numerous lakes and suspected volcanoes .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Just as on Earth , the weather on Titan appears to have erased most evidence of meteorite craters .
US planetary geologist Dr Rosaly Lopes , from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , said : " It really is surprising how closely titan 's surface resembles Earth's .
" In fact , Titan looks more like the Earth than any other body in the Solar System , despite the huge differences in temperature and other environmental conditions . "
Titan is a supercooled world with average surface temperatures of around minus 180C , where water cannot exist except as deep - frozen , rock - hard ice .
Methane and ethane take the place of water in Titan 's hydrological cycle , falling as rain or snow , and forming lakes and drainage channels .
Titan is the only moon known to possess a thick atmosphere , and the only celestial body other than the Earth to have stable pools of liquid on its surface .
The American space agency Nasa 's Cassini probe has been investigating Saturn and its moons for the past five years .
It acted as " mothership " to the European Space Agency probe Huygens which landed on the surface of Titan in 2005 .
Dr Lopes presented the latest results from the mission today at the International Astronomical Union ( IAU ) General Assembly in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Other findings presented at the meeting showed evidence of water -ice and ammonia " cryovolcanoes " on Titan .
New infrared images obtained by Cassini suggest that the volcanoes have deposited ammonia on the moon 's surface .
The chemical environment on Titan closely resembles that of the early Earth around the time life first emerged .
Dr Robert Nelson , a senior Jet Propulsion Laboratory research scientist who also addressed the meeting , said : " One exciting question is whether Titan 's chemical processes today support a pre-biotic chemistry similar to that under which life evolved on Earth . "
Sainsbury 's will this week cut the ribbon on a new " people - powered " kinetic energy system , which could soon be rolled out at stores across the country .
The new Kinetic Road Plates have been installed at the supermarket giant 's new store in Gloucester , U.K. , and will harness enough energy from vehicles driving in and out of the store 's car park to power all the store 's check outs .
The new system , which has been developed by U.K. startup Highway Energy Systems , works using plates that move when vehicles drive over them , creating enough kinetic energy to drive a generator .
The technology is expected to produce 30 kW of energy an hour without causing any disturbance to motorists as they drive over the plates .
These plates move when vehicles drive over them , creating enough kinetic energy to drive a generator .
Sainsbury 's new green store in Gloucester , U.K .
Images courtesy of Sainsbury's .
A spokeswoman for Sainsbury 's said the company was confident that the system would deliver a return on investment within two years , adding that should it prove successful it is highly likely to be rolled out to other stores across the U.K .
" If the plates prove effective we absolutely will look to roll it out more widely , " she said .
" We estimate the system will recoup costs in two years , which is n't always the case with green measures .
"
The kinetic energy system is just one of a raft of environmental technologies featured at the new store , including rainwater harvesting systems , solar thermal panels for heating water , sun pipes designed to increase the use of natural light , and energy management systems designed to ensure energy efficiency is constantly optimized .
David Sheehan , director of store development and construction at the company , said the new technologies , many of which were pioneered at Sainsbury 's new store in Dartmouth last year , would serve to both cut carbon emissions and improve the store environment for staff and shoppers .
Family Law Attorney in Scott County , MN
Trusted Legal Counsel For Families in Dakota County , Prior Lake , Eden Prairie , & Surrounding Areas
If the circumstances of your marriage have you considering separation or divorce , having a knowledgeable and compassionate divorce lawyer in the South Metro area could be critical .
At Meinerts Law Office , P. A , we are focused on providing smart legal strategies that can quickly resolve major issues in an effort to help clients move on with their lives .
Whether your family law issue can be mediated or requires litigation , our experienced legal team could help you .
Attorney Merlyn Meinerts is focused on sharing our wealth of resources to help our clients make well - informed decisions regarding their family ’s future .
We want to make sure that they have what they need to rebuild and restore their lives .
even if you are dealing with family law issues such as child custody , our legal team offers the personalized and passionate representation you need .
Learn more about how Meinerts Law Office , P . A can serve you and your family by calling ( 952 ) 777-8886 or filling out our contact form .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Ezra Klein surveys yesterday ’s report from the Census Bureau and says : “ Median income dropped a bit , poverty rose a bit , and so too did the number of Americans without health insurance .
But the actual changes are n’t very large . ”
Based on the reporting I saw yesterday , which initially caused me to think that income had dropped only slightly , this is a widespread view .
But it just is n’t true .
In fact , the 2008 drop in median household income was the biggest since the Census Bureau started tracking this stuff in 1976 .
Income dropped $ 1,860 in 2008 , and the next closest competitor is 1980 , when it dropped $ 1,439 .
Last year was the worst year for household income in both absolute terms and percentage terms in the past three decades .
And , as Ezra says , that was only 2008 .
This year is likely to be as bad — or possibly worse .
Income drops typically persist for several years during a recession , and the combined impact of this recession is almost certain to do more damage to middle class incomes than any recession since World War II .
BELLEVUE , Nebraska ( CNN ) --
If LeRoy Carhart 's abortion clinic had a terror alert scale , it would be at Code Red this weekend .
Anti-abortion protesters plan demonstrations this weekend outside Dr. LeRoy Carhart 's clinic in Bellevue , Nebraska .
" I feel safer on an airplane than I do in my clinic , " Carhart said , sitting at his desk in his windowless office in Bellevue , Nebraska .
" You try to think about every way an attack could happen .
You try to do all you can to prevent it , but obviously Dr. [ George ]
Tiller thought he was safe in church . "
It 's been nearly three months since Tiller , one of the world 's most well - known doctors performing abortions , was shot in the head at point - blank range on May 31 as services began at Reformation Lutheran Church in Wichita , Kansas .
Anti-abortion groups , led by Operation Rescue , plan to launch protests outside Carhart 's clinic this weekend in Bellevue , just south of Omaha .
They will be the first major anti-abortion protests since the Tiller killing .
The demonstrations are set to culminate Saturday with so - called Truth Trucks -- delivery trucks with giant rolling billboards of dismembered fetuses on the sides -- parking outside Carhart 's clinic and canvassing area neighborhoods .
Protesters carrying anti-abortion signs also are expected .
Operation Rescue President Troy Newman has vowed a peaceful demonstration and said that any hints of possible violence are ginned up by what he calls left - wing groups and the liberal media .
Do n't Miss Trial in Tiller killing set for September
His group scaled down plans to protest at Carhart 's facility Friday when it learned women 's rights groups , including the National Organization for Women , would be there .
Operation Rescue will hold a rally at a church instead Friday .
" Operation Rescue has said Dr. Carhart is the next target ... , " said Katherine Spillar , executive vice president with the Feminist Majority Foundation .
" We fear that these kinds of activities can eventually erupt in violence , and I urge the community to make sure violence does n't happen . "
Abortion rights supporters were predominant in the 50 to 75 people gathered outside the clinic Friday morning .
" Welcome , welcome , this clinic stays open , " some shouted when cars pulled into the clinic 's driveway .
Newman said earlier , " I 'm not interested in putting our folks in any situation where the other side might flare up .
I 'm very confident about our side .
They 're very peaceful moms and dads and families that will be showing up with signs . "
He said he abhorred the killing of Tiller .
" Shooting someone in the head in a church , " he said , " is not a pro-life act .
Sorry , it does n't qualify . "
Scott Roeder , a 51 - year - old anti-abortion activist , is charged in Tiller 's killing .
He has pleaded not guilty .
Newman said he wants Carhart shut down -- through legal means .
He said he was confident his organization would have shut down Tiller this summer through a legal battle .
" I vehemently disagreed with what Mr. Tiller did , as well as all abortionists for what they do .
But they 're still human beings , and they deserve due process , " Newman said .
Tiller was one of about a dozen U.S. doctors who performed late - term abortions .
In the wake of his death , his family decided to close his clinic permanently .
Carhart was a close friend and understudy of Tiller's .
He performed abortions at Tiller 's clinic for a week every month , including late - term procedures .
Carhart has vowed to open an office in Kansas and said he 'll keep doing abortions as long as he's healthy .
He said he 's performed more than 60,000 abortions in the past two decades .
About 400 of those were after 24 weeks , he said .
Staring across the room at a poster of Tiller , he said , " I do n't want his death to be in vain .
He spent his whole life trying to ensure better health care for women . "
Carhart was performing an abortion in his clinic when Tiller was killed that Sunday morning .
He learned of the news by phone from Tiller 's head nurse .
" That 's when she told me that George had been shot in church and that he was dead . "
Carhart is unlike many abortion doctors .
He 's does n't parse his words about his profession .
The outside of his office has the name of his clinic in bold letters : Abortion & Contraception Clinic of Nebraska .
He said he takes pride in the term abortionist .
" I do abortions , and that is what I do , " he said .
On Friday , Carhart teared up when talking about the abortion rights supporters outside his clinic .
" It 's unbelievable , " he said of the support .
Mark Gietzen , the driver of a truck for Operation Rescue , beamed with pride ahead of the protests .
He stood outside his truck in Wichita adorned with a poster showing the dismembered hand of a fetus on a quarter .
Across the top of the van , it reads , " Abortion is an ObamaNation.com . "
He said he knew Tiller " quite well " from the vantage point of a peaceful common enemy over the years and said the killing was a setback for " pro-lifers . "
He 's only had one encounter with Carhart -- when the doctor drove his car by protesters and " quacked like a duck . "
Carhart acknowledges he might 've done that .
Gietzen 's message to Carhart : " Please respect the life of the babies .
Stop the killing , stop committing such a horrible act for money . "
Newman , the head of Operation Rescue , said he 'll keep praying Carhart " turns back to the healing arts and not taking babies ' lives . "
Carhart remains unmoved .
" When they 're ready to accept our position , then we 'll sit down .
We say choice is right .
If you do n't want to have an abortion , do n't have one . "
Here in America 's heartland , a battle is being waged and both sides are entrenched .
There is no middle ground .
All About Abortion • George Tiller
( CNN ) -- Less than a day after Rep. Joe Wilson formally apologized to President Obama over his " you lie " outburst , a campaign aide confirms that the South Carolina Republican has raised " more than $ 200,000 " after the now - infamous moment .
Rep. Joe Wilson , R - South Carolina , shouts " You lie ! " during President Obama 's speech Wednesday night .
News of that cash haul comes after Wilson directly asked in a Web video for campaign cash to fend off attacks from political opponents and said he 's standing by his opposition to Democratic efforts at health care reform .
" On these issues , I will not be muzzled , I will speak up and speak loudly against this risky plan , " Wilson said in a YouTube video released Thursday evening .
" The supporters of the government takeover of health care and the liberals who want to give health care to illegals are using my opposition as an excuse to distract from the critical questions being raised about this poorly conceived plan . "
The congressman dispersed the video via Twitter and asked his followers to " please watch and pass on . "
" [ Democrats ] want to silence anyone who speaks out against it , " Wilson also says in the video .
" They made it clear they want to defeat me and pass the plan .
I need your help now .
... Contribute to my effort to defeat the proponents of government - run health care . "
Wilson also sent a fundraising appeal via e-mail , saying he is confident that " my voice is serving as the voice for Americans across the country who are tired of irresponsible government programs that have only worsened our situation . "
The appeal for cash came as Wilson 's Democratic opponent in next year 's congressional race , Rob Miller , reported raking in $ 1 million as a result of the outburst during Obama 's address to a joint session of Congress .
iReport.com :
What 's your take ?
Miller ran against Wilson last year , losing by 8 percentage points .
It was Wilson 's smallest margin of victory in his five elections for Congress .
In an e-mail to supporters Friday night , Miller said he had raised more than $ 1 million in small contributions in less than 48 hours -- a total that dwarfs the $ 67,000 he had taken in during the entire first half of the year .
" Together we 've accomplished an amazing goal in the last 48 hours , and for that I will be forever thankful .
In response , the right - wing machine led by Rush Limbaugh , Sean Hannity , and others , has mounted a full effort to return Joe Wilson to Congress .
Let 's make sure they are n't successful , " he said in the e-mail .
Meanwhile , House Democratic leaders plan to bring a resolution to the House floor next week to admonish Wilson if he does not apologize on the House floor for his outburst , according to several House Democratic leadership aides .
" He 's violated the rules of the House with inappropriate conduct , and he 's subject to reprimand , " said Kristie Greco , spokeswoman for House Democratic Whip Jim Clyburn , D - South Carolina .
Earlier , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi had said that Wilson violated House rules , but she also said that it was " time for us to talk about health care and not Mr. Wilson . "
Immediately after the president 's speech Wednesday night , Wilson issued a statement saying , " This evening I let my emotions get the best of me when listening to the President 's remarks regarding the coverage of illegal immigrants in the health care bill .
While I disagree with the President 's statement , my comments were inappropriate and regrettable .
I extend sincere apologies to the President for this lack of civility . "
He also called the White House and apologized to Rahm Emanuel , the White House chief of staff .
On Thursday , Wilson told reporters , " Last night , I heard from the leadership that they wanted me to contact the White House and state that my statements were inappropriate .
I did . "
Obama accepted Wilson 's apology Thursday , but Democrats say Wilson 's actions on the House floor have consequences .
Democratic leadership aides said that Wilson declined an opportunity to apologize on the floor Thursday .
During the final series of votes for the week , House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer spoke to the House Republican leader , John Boehner , R - Ohio , about giving Wilson an opportunity to make an apology on the floor .
Boehner acknowledged that he spoke to Wilson on the House floor Thursday but declined to disclose any specifics .
Clyburn also spoke directly to Wilson , who refused Clyburn 's appeal to make the apology on the floor , according to Greco .
An aide to Wilson said , " the congressman is aware of the decision by the Democrat leadership and will be making a decision this weekend . "
Boehner spokesman Michael Steel told CNN that " Rep. Wilson has apologized to the president , and the president accepted his apology .
As [ Pelosi ] said yesterday , now it 's time to talk about health care . "
The Democratic resolution would cite Wilson for violating the House 's rules of decorum .
Democratic leaders moved ahead with a resolution at their leadership meeting Thursday after Wilson decided not to address the House , but a vote has not been scheduled yet , according to the aides .
CNN Congressional Producer Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .
All About Joe Wilson ( Politician ) • Health Care Policy • U.S. House of Representatives
Like the sixties French Freakbeat compilation , Scarcest Garage Records ( pt. 1 & 2 ) is a compilation I often frequent that has little to no information to be found online .
In the 21st century , this fact alone adds yet another element of genuinely non-manufactured retro-cool to its already smoldering 26 tracks .
This is herky - jerky garage rock at its finest .
Like some of my favorite comps , this one was passed on to me , some time ago , from fellow sixties garage rock enthusiast / collector , with only the caveat of “ you just gotta hear this . ”
He was right – I did , and you do .
Elsewhere : A number of garage - centric music blogs have begun since I originally posted these tracks in 2007 .
Check out my current favorite , the exceptional Garage Hangover .
Download :
MP3 : The French Church :: Slapneck 1943
MP3 : The Olivers :: I Saw What You Did
MP3 : Evil Enc Group :: The Point Is
MP3 : London N’ The Bridges :: It Just Ain’t Right
MP3 : The Loved Ones :: Surprise , Surprise ( For You )
+ Download The Rest of The Compilation After The Jump …..
MP3 : The Executioners :: I Want A Rain
MP3 : The Heathens :: Problems
MP3 : The Hangman :: Faces
MP3 : The Romancers – Loves The Thing
MP3 : The Jagged Edge :: How Many Times
MP3 : Don & Jerry With The Fugitives :: In The Cover of Night
MP3 : The Deepest Blue :: Somebody ’s Girl
MP3 : The Kings Ransom :: Shame
MP3 : The Evil :: Always Runnin’ Around
MP3 : The New Dawn :: Slave of Desire
MP3 : The Bit’ A Sweet :: Out of Sight , Out of Mind
MP3 : The Todds :: I Want Her Back
MP3 : Art Guy :: Where You Gonna Go
MP3 : The Tears :: Weatherman
MP3 : The Loved ones :: Together , Together
MP3 : The Other Side :: Walking Down The Road
MP3 : The Gentleman Wild :: You Gotta Leave
MP3 : The Nervous Breakdown :: I Dig Your Mind
MP3 : The Echoes of Carnaby Street :: Baby Does n’t Know
MP3 : The Spats :: She Done Moved
MP3 : The Bush :: Feeling Sad And Lonely
— — — — — ——
+ Download DRM free digital music via eMusic ’s 25 free MP3 no risk trial offer
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
Science & Exploration Mission accomplished : 105 - day Mars mission simulation ends in Moscow 14/07/2009 2301 views 3 likes
A crew of six today completed their simulated Mars mission after leaving a special isolation facility in Moscow , Russia , for the first time in 105 days .
Their mission is part of the Mars500 programme that will help us to understand the psychological and medical aspects of long spaceflights .
Their simulated Mars mission ended at 12:00 CEST ( 14:00 local time ) when the hatch was opened and the crew disembarked for the first time since 31 March .
They had been inside the isolation facility at the Institute of Biomedical Problems ( IBMP ) for a total of 105 days , living and working in close quarters .
Six crewmembers
The crew spent 105 days inside the isolation facility in Moscow , Russia
The six - strong crew includes two ESA crewmembers : Oliver Knickel , a mechanical engineer in the German army , and Cyrille Fournier , an airline pilot from France .
The remaining four are Russians : cosmonauts Sergei Ryazansky ( commander ) and Oleg Artemyev , Alexei Baranov , a medical doctor , and Alexei Shpakov , a sports physiologist .
“ We have successfully completed our mission , ” said Oliver Knickel .
“ This is a big accomplishment that I am very proud of .
I hope that the scientific data we have provided over the last months will help to make a mission to Mars possible . ”
The crew attend a press conference following the completion of their 105 - day Mars mission simulation Inside the isolation facility , the crew has been put through a range of scenarios as if they really were travelling to the Red Planet – including launch , the outward journey , arrival , transfer to and from the martian surface and finally the long journey home .
Their tasks have been similar to those they would have on a real space mission .
They have had to deal with simulated emergencies and cope with a communication delay of up to 20 minutes each way .
Science Mars500 crew passes the halfway point in their 105 - day Mars mission simulation
The participants have also been subjected to scientific experiments to assess the psychological and physiological effects of isolation .
The experiments were proposed by research institutes in countries throughout Europe , including Germany , France , Italy , Belgium , Austria and the Netherlands , as well as in Russia and the United States .
The crew has grown some of their own food , such as salad leaves , radishes and cabbage , to supplement the astronaut - style pre-packaged meals .
Any spare time has been spent reading , watching films and playing music and games together .
ESA - selected Mars500 crewmember Oliver Knickel during a press conference marking the completion of the 105 - day study “ We had an outstanding team spirit throughout the entire 105 days , ” said Cyrille Fournier .
“ Living for that long in a confined environment can only work if the crew is really getting along with each other .
The crew is the crucial key to mission success , which became very evident to me during the 105 days . ”
Simonetta Di Pippo , ESA ’s Director of Human Spaceflight , was present at the hatch opening and greeted the crew as they stepped out of the module .
“ The crew have done an excellent job , ” said Di Pippo .
“ I would particularly like to congratulate Oliver and Cyrille – I am proud of their personal and professional contributions to make this 105 - day simulation such a success .
I am looking forward to the full fledged simulation next year that will run for 520 days .
These studies , like many other activities we carry out on Earth in space exploration analogue facilities , will help Europe to move forward in human exploration – making use of the ISS to go back the Moon and one day also beyond . ”
520 - day study
The Mars500 crew shortly after completing their 105 - day Mars mission simulation
This initial 105 - day study is the precursor to a complete simulation of a fully - fledged mission to Mars and back due to start in early 2010 .
That exercise will see another six - member crew sealed in the same chamber to experience a complete 520 - day Mars mission .
Both studies are part of the Mars500 programme that is being conducted by ESA and its Russian partner IBMP .
ESA ’s Directorate of Human Spaceflight is undertaking Mars500 as part of its European Programme for Life and Physical Sciences ( ELIPS ) to prepare for future missions to the Moon and Mars .
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Italian bank vaults may soon resemble well stocked delicatessens if a plan goes ahead to accept expensive wines and dry- cured hams as collateral on bank loans from crisis - hit producers .
The idea , which was launched this week by an influential Italian bank chairman and wine producer , was backed by an Italian minister and follows the tradition of Italian banks storing massive wheels of parmesan cheese as loan collateral .
" We 've done it with cheese , why not with prosciutto and good wines like Brunello di Montalcino and chianti classico ? " said Gianni Zonin , chairman of the Banca Popolare di Vicenza and head of wine producer Zonin .
" This is a great idea , it has my blessing , " said Luca Zaia , the Italian agriculture minister .
The Italian bank Credito Emiliano has long stored hundreds of thousands of parmesan wheels , worth about ¤300 each , in warehouses as collateral while they age .
Since the bank can sell the cheese if creditors default , it can afford to offer low interest rates to an industry which is suffering from recession and supermarket discounting .
Legs of cured ham , or prosciutto crudo , weighing about 10kg , can sell for hundreds of euros after months of curing in controlled conditions , while bottles of Brunello di Montalcino are regularly snapped up for the same amount .
" We may start off with accepting wine as collateral , but I would prefer the Italian banking association to launch an industry - wide scheme which involves a range of products , " said Zonin .
" This will help producers in times of crisis as well as when the economy picks up . "
Zaia said he would take the matter up with the Italian treasury minister .
" Apart from meeting the need of companies for liquidity , this proposal also recognises that our true gold reserves are the excellent products we make in Italy , " he said .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Baltimore
Compensation : 10.00 hr
Principals only .
Recruiters , please do n't contact this job poster .
Please , no phone calls about this job !
Please do not contact job poster about other services , products or commercial interests .
repliesdeleting textsalerting of new textsreading textsfiltering textI get 40 - 50 texts an hour , I cant handle my workload plus texting responsibilities .
My phone gets too full and needs deleted every couple hours .
This is a full time position and you must be where ever I am at , because my phone is always with me .
Serious inquiries only .
A child protection group says a girl who revealed on radio she was raped should be praised for breaking " the silence on child sexual assault " .
The 14 - year - old girl was strapped to a lie detector during 2 Day FM's Kyle and Jackie O breakfast show on Wednesday because her mother was concerned about her behaviour .
When her mother asked if she was sexually active the girl replied : " I 've already told you the story about this ... and do n't look at me and smile because it 's not funny . "
Raising her voice she then said : " Oh , okay , I got raped when I was 12 years old . "
Host Kyle Sandilands responded by saying : " Right , is that the only experience you 've had ? " before the interview was brought to an end .
The segment has set off a storm of criticism , while NSW Police and the state 's Department of Community Services ( DoCs ) are investigating the sexual assault claim .
However , child protection advocacy agency Braveheart praised the girl for telling the truth .
" Sexual assault is disempowering ... , " founder Hetty Johnston said in a statement on Thursday .
" But this little Braveheart reached into her ' self ' and found potentially , the last shred of ' self ' power she possessed , and told everyone the truth ...
" There are so many issues around this but the bottom line is that this 14 - year - old stunned the nation with the truth .
" She broke the silence on sexual assault . "
The Association of Children 's Welfare Agencies called the on-air incident " irresponsible media " , a view shared by NSW Community Services Minister Linda Burney .
She said her office was inundated with calls over the interview and DoCs had now met with the girl and her family .
" Let 's hope this is a sober lesson to that particular radio station and other such radio stations that think stunts like this are acceptable , " she told reporters on Thursday .
" Whether or not they knew the claim of a rape is irrelevant .
" The fact they had a 14 - year - old girl there , asking her about sex , is the focus and the inappropriate action here . "
She said she felt sick when she heard a replay of the interview , but the question of whether the radio hosts should be sacked over the incident was up to 2Day FM management .
In June , ABC television 's The Chaser 's War on Everything program was taken off the air for two weeks after a skit about fictitious dying children offended viewers .
Deputy Prime Minister Julia Gillard believes the top consideration should be the welfare of the girl .
" Can I say on that matter , I think there 's only one really important thing here , and that really important thing is the welfare of the young girl involved , " Ms Gillard told reporters in Sydney on Thursday .
" I would say to Kyle that he should be thinking through what is in the best interests of the welfare of that young girl . "
Sandilands and Jackie O have denied the interview was a set - up , as suggested by some media commentators .
" There is no way we would have wanted to put that girl in that situation , " Jackie O said in their show on Thursday .
" It was one of those moments .
When live radio happens , sometimes you are lost for words . "
The Australian Communications and Media Authority ( ACMA ) said it had received about 30 complaints related to the segment by noon ( AEST ) on Thursday .
" We 've advised those people in the first instance to write to 2Day FM , " ACMA spokesman Donald Robinson told AAP .
" If they are not satisfied with the response they can bring their complaint back to us and we will investigate it to determine if there had been any breach of the commercial radio code of practice . "
Belfast Telegraph
Dr. Doom finally capitulates : Global recovery by the end of the year .
( Okay , yes , a double - dip is still a possibility - - for lots of good reasons .
And before you bash Nouriel for missing the turn , at least admit that he got the recession a heck of a lot more right than most people .
And he did turn less negative several months ago . )
And note that he still thinks house prices will drop a total of 40 % .
You bought a domain name , but when you type it in , nothing is there .
It ’s because you ’re not hosted .
What is web hosting and how does it work ?
It ’s an essential part of creating and developing your website , but it ’s not a decision to take lightly .
The wrong type of hosting or hosting plan is disastrous for your website .
It can limit the amount of traffic you get and the revenue you receive .
A bad hosting company can lead to your site going down or getting hacked .
If you have a website that ’s not performing or thinking about buying a website and want to learn about hosting in layman ’s terms , keep reading .
What is Web Hosting and How Does it Work ?
Buying a functioning website is a lot like buying a house .
You can buy a house , but you also need a place to put it .
You need an empty lot to build the house and everything that goes with it from your belongings to the kid ’s swing set .
A domain name is your house and hosting is your empty lot .
In reality , the web host is a computer called a server .
When a person types in your domain name , the name servers direct it to the hosting server .
All your files , code , CSS , images and everything else that make up your website is there .
It loads everything and , voila , the person sees your website .
Many web hosting use a cPanel hosting to allow its users to access their information , make changes and see their email .
The cPanel is the architect of the web hosting server .
How do websites work ?
They function through the hosting .
Types of Hosting Available
There are many different hosting companies and each one has different prices and services .
There ’re also different types of hosting depending on your needs such as :
Shared Hosting
Anyone with a small website or starting a blog , most likely uses shared hosting .
With shared hosting , you rent a piece of the server along with several other websites .
It ’s the simplest of the hosting packages , but it ’s also the most likely to crash .
You ’re sharing space and resources with many websites and if several of them get a sudden traffic jump because of Cyber Monday , then it can overload the server and slow your site .
You also ca n’t change many server settings .
Dedicated Hosting
A dedicated server means your site is the only one on it and you have full control .
If you have a large site with e-commerce or a high traffic site , then you ’ll want dedicated web hosting .
Reseller Hosting
If you want to sell hosting , then you can rent part of a server and sell your own hosting services .
VPS Hosting
If you ca n’t afford dedicated hosting , then VPS hosting is the next best thing .
It ’s like shared hosting , but you ’re given dedicated resources not shared with others .
Choose Hosting Wisely
Your choice of hosting should depend on your needs .
Think about the size of your site and the traffic you get and if you intend to include e-commerce .
Do research on the different hosting companies and learn what is web hosting and how does it work .
If you ’re interested in learning more about web hosting and other needs , then feel free to explore our site further !
Here ’s to the crazy ones .
The misfits .
The rebels .
The troublemakers .
The round pegs in the square holes .
The ones who see things differently .
They ’re not fond of rules .
And they have no respect for the status quo .
You can praise them , disagree with them , quote them , disbelieve them , glorify or vilify them .
About the only thing you ca n’t do is ignore them .
Because they change things .
They invent .
They imagine .
They heal .
They explore .
They create .
They inspire .
They push the human race forward .
Maybe they have to be crazy .
How else can you stare at an empty canvas and see a work of art ?
Or sit in silence and hear a song that ’s never been written ?
Or gaze at a red planet and see a laboratory on wheels ?
While some see them as the crazy ones , we see genius .
Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world , are the ones who do .
The American Civil Liberties Union on Wednesday sued the Department of Homeland Security in an effort to uncover documents related to laptop searches at the border .
The American Civil Liberties Union on Wednesday sued the Department of Homeland Security in an effort to uncover documents related to laptop searches at the border .
" The ACLU believes that suspicionless searches of laptops violate the First and Fourth Amendments , " the group wrote in the suit , filed in a New York District Court .
In July 2008 , the Customs and Border Protection agency within DHS published formal guidelines for laptop border searches that gave CBP officials permission to search laptops and electronic devices at the border .
Court cases on the topic have generally found that citizens should have diminished expectations of privacy when re-entering the country because the U.S. has a right to protect itself and control what crosses its borders .
Critics of the policy claim that laptop searches are an invasion of privacy  a personal computer holds a lot more information than a suitcase full of clothes or briefcase full of paperwork .
What 's to stop CBP from copying the contents of your computer and keeping it on file indefinitely , they have argued
As a result , the ACLU wants to know exactly what types of data the government has collected .
The organization first filed a Freedom of Information request in June 2009 , but after some back and forth between the ACLU and DHS , the ACLU said that it had " exhausted the applicable administrative remedies " and that " DHS and its components have wrongfully withheld the requested records from the ACLU . "
The ACLU wants DHS to hand over the documents , waive any fees associated with document recovery , and pay the organization 's costs and attorneys ' fees .
" Traveling with a laptop should n't mean the government gets a free pass to rifle through your personal papers , " Catherine Crump , staff attorney with the ACLU First Amendment Working Group , said in a statement .
" This sort of broad and invasive search is exactly what the Fourth Amendment 's protections against unreasonable searches are designed to prevent . "
The issue is currently under debate in Congress as well .
Rep. Eliot Engel , a New York Democrat , introduced a bill in January that would impose stricter rules on border laptop searches .
Sen . Russ Feingold , a Wisconsin Democrat , introduced similar legislation in September 2008 , and said recently that he plans to re-introduce that bill .
" The ACLU intends to participate in ongoing debates over the pending congressional legislation , " the ACLU said in its suit .
In May 2009 , DHS Secretary Janet Napolitano told Feingold and the Senate Commerce Committee that the department was in the process of reviewing its laptop search policy , but could not provide an exact date on when the revamped policy would be ready .
When it comes to stimulus and bailout money , has Pres .
Obama kept his promise of transparency ?
FROM CNN's Jack Cafferty :
Pres. Obama has been promising the American people transparency ever since he was on the campaign trail .
And , when it comes to the $ 700 billion dollar bank and auto bailouts , known as TARP , and the $ 787 billion economic stimulus package , the president vowed an unprecedented level of openness .
A lot of information has been made public through websites like recovery.gov and financialstability .gov .
The administration calls these sites " pioneering " compared to how government worked in the past .
But we 're talking about almost $ 1.5 trillion dollars here – and there is key information that the public does n't know about how and where this money is being spent .
For example , the Treasury Department does n't require banks that have gotten TARP funds to show how they 're using the money or who the bailed out banks are lending to .
Also , taxpayers wo n't have any idea if they 've lost or made money on government investments in companies like General Motors , AIG , Citigroup and Bank of America until the government sells its stakes .
As for the spending of stimulus dollars , the government accounting only goes as far as the first tier recipients from the states .
So it 's not known which and how many companies down the line are getting work .
It 's not enough .
We deserve the transparency that was promised us .
Otherwise it 's just another example of government lying to us in order to get us to go along with something .
Does the Iraq war ring a bell ?
SO HERE'S THE QUESTION : When it comes to stimulus and bailout money , has Pres .
Obama kept his promise of transparency ?
Interested to know which ones made it on air ?
Tom from Illinois says :
Once again , campaign rhetoric turns out to be pure blather .
New administration , same old b.s.
Being from Illinois , I 'm not surprised that the results differ from the promises of this crew .
Peggy says :
Hey Jack .
Are you taking a page from Fox News Channel now ?
This president has shown more transparency in his first six months in office than his predecessor did in his entire term .
Cut him some slack , for crying out loud .
He 's out there actually working .
Pick on someone else about transparency .
Martin from Pittsburgh says :
I voted for Obama and I still have faith in his success , but I am disappointed there has been a lack of transparency .
When he promised that he was going to change Washington and make transparency one of his main goals , it made me and other voters feel like we would have more control over our government , even if it does grow .
Now I feel like it ’s all the same .
Jim says :
Perception is everything .
If I was to give a trillion dollars away , how long would it take me to figure out if the money was actually spent the way I wanted it to be ?
Reality says it takes more than a month or two .
Yes , President Obama is doing what he promised .
Maybe not at the speed we would like , but progress that counts is seldom fast .
Alex from Atlanta says :
Jack ,
It 's not a question of transparency .
Anyone with a computer can easily access all the information he needs .
The issues are the abject laziness of most people and the muddy , fuzzy filters through which special interest groups pass the facts .
Jillian from Orleans , California says :
Transparent ?
More like opaque .
I am highly disappointed in the administration because things are more obscure than ever .
At least when Bush was president , we knew he was screwing us over because it was so overt .
We are compassionate and understanding of the needs of all parties involved .
Our convenient downtown Gainesville location is just three blocks from the civil courthouse .
We offer a conference room and several breakout rooms - all comfortable and part of a relaxed environment .
Our facilities include Wi -Fi Internet , and we provide snacks and beverages throughout the mediation process .
Fees & Travel Expenses
Our fees are very reasonable and we do not charge for travel within the North and Central Florida regions .
For more information about our ADR services , call ( 352 ) 376-8888 or toll free ( 800 ) 226-8898 .
needing
desiring
large
Al Jazeera
But the sheer manic intensity of the foam - flecked tirades bursting out in the town halls , so out of proportion to their proximate cause , bespeaks much deeper roots of rage .
These are some of the same people who howled " traitor ! " and " kill him ! " at Sarah Palin 's rallies last year .
They are the ones convinced Obama is a Muslim " sleeper agent " who will destroy American values and hand the country over to Osama bin Laden .
The flip side of their rage is fear .
They scream : " We want our country back ! "
Their country is one where white , Christian conservatives rule .
Glen Greenwald is , as usual , on the money in this dissection of Obama 's politicking around healthcare reform .
Two key points : 1 ) the GOP do n't want any healthcare reform , at all ; 2 ) Obama is using the excuse of ' bipartisanship ' - notGOP support , butit in the interests of some specious national unity - to negotiate away the ' public option ' .
The knuckle - crunchers in the Democratic party , led by Rahm Emmanuel - who was appointed chief - of - staff for a reason - are cracking down hard on internal dissenters who favour a public health insurance system , but allowing the ' centrists ' and ' Blue Dogs ' ( Dixiecrats as they would once have been called ) to set the agenda .
Tom Daschle does n't get Emmanuel 's stick for being the insurance industry 's well - paid front - man , despite the administration 's animadversions about that trade and its perverse incentives .
The plan that is being arrived at , without the ' public option ' , has to be more or less what was sought .
This being the depressingly typical way in which politics is done in America , it has been rather odd to watch America 's unusually number of cranks get to work attacking Obama and his socialistic Nazi communist Muslim death panels .
It has been pointed out that the last attempt at healthcare reform was defeated by the pharmaceutical - healthcare industry , with relatively little mass involvement .
This reform process is being conducted with the industry on the inside , as it were - which is one reason why the potential for reform is being progressively eroded .
The industry is working very hard to manage and contain reform from within , which it evidently saw coming a mile away ( hence astro - turfing PR operations like this ) .
This time , the major public attack is coming from people incited by Palin 's claim that health reform would lead to ' death panels ' in which bureaucrats get to inflict some foreign eugenics or euthanasia programme in all but name .
It has been pointed out that those ' death panels ' already exist , and they 're all about the stars n stripes .
But nonetheless , Palin is being defended by others on the Republican right such as Newt Gingrich , and continues to double down on her assertion when asked .
At this one point one recalls the kind of race - baiting hysteria that Palin and the McCain campaign indulged in during the election campaign last year , and the mass audience that clearly existed for it - a minority , but a truculent minority with altogether too many guns .
This is yet another expression of exactly the same derangement .
What accounts for it ?
Clearly , it is only incidentally about Obama 's tepid healthcare proposals .
The undercurrents of racism being reported at these rallies , and the appearance of heavily armed crowds , clearly indicates that something far greater is at stake .
There are some good analyses out there , such as this piece on , which - despite basically resting on Hofstadter 's analysis of the ' paranoid style in American politics ' - hits the nail on the head with this :
racial state
" I do n't believe this is just about healthcare .
It 's not about TARP .
It 's not about left and right .
This is about the systematic dismantling of this country .
I 'm only thirty - five years old , I 've never been interested in politics .
You have awakened a sleeping giant .
We are tired of this .
This is why everybody in this room is so ticked off .
I do n't want this country turning into ...
Russia , turning into a socialised country .
[ applause , cheers , idiotic hooting ]
My question for you is , what are you going to do to restore this country back to what our founders created , according to the Constitution . "
systematic dismantling of the country itself
Enlarge By Alex Wong , Getty Images House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif. , says she believes the proposed resolution honoring the late Michael Jackson is not necessary .
Here , she addresses the media on Capitol Hill in Washington on June 26 .
The late Michael Jackson By Mark Mainz , Getty Images WASHINGTON ( AP )  House Speaker Nancy Pelosi says she sees no need for a House resolution in praise of Michael Jackson .
Pelosi , D - Calif. , says Jackson was a great performer , but she thinks the resolution is unnecessary .
POLITICS BLOG : Pelosi nixes measure praising Jackson
She said at a news conference Thursday that lawmakers could honor Jackson in speeches in the House .
But she said a resolution would open up Jackson 's life to " contrary views that are not necessary at this time . "
Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee , a Texas Democrat , has proposed the resolution in Jackson 's honor .
Such a resolution is a non-binding but symbolic expression from lawmakers .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
World of Warcraft online role - playing game 's 11.5 million subscribers to be targeted with quarterly subscription - only title
Future Publishing is launching a lavish " coffee - table " magazine simultaneously in four languages for the phenomenally successful online role - playing game World of Warcraft .
World of Warcraft : The Magazine will be a 148 - page subscription - only title , carrying no advertising .
FuturePlus , the company 's contract publishing division , will produce the magazine under an arrangement with Blizzard Entertainment , which created the online game in 2004 .
World of Warcraft : The Magazine
World of Warcraft has 11.5 million subscribers globally , each paying a monthly fee to join role - playing adventures in a fantasy world that has similarities to the Lord of the Rings series and the Dungeons & Dragons games .
FuturePlus promise a beautifully crafted magazine that will provide readers with information about the game 's complicated backstory and history .
The magazine will publish four times a year with the print run determined by the number of subscribers , who will be able to sign up through a website , worldofwarcraftthemagazine.com that goes live at 5 pm today .
Dan Amrich , a senior editor of the Official Xbox magazine , will be editor - in - chief .
FuturePlus has hired Ryan Vulk , a designer at Wired , as art director .
" It is halfway between a coffee - table book and a magazine , " said the FuturePlus international director , John Gower .
" It 's all about exclusivity – we feel that we do n't want to dilute the game for the magazine . "
World of Warcraft : The Magazine will cost £ 29.95 for four issues in Britain , € 34.95 in Europe and $ 39.95 in the US and the rest of the world .
The magazine will publish simultaneously in English for the US and UK markets and also in French , German and Spanish .
The first issue will be delivered to subscribers in about two months .
Blizzard Entertainment will formerly unveil the magazine at the BlizzCon 2009 convention on Friday and Saturday in Anaheim , California .
The FuturePlus editorial director , Julian Rignall , said World of Warcraft 's online world was suited to a print magazine .
" We believe that people still intrinsically like the look and feel of magazines , " Rignall added .
He said subscribers would get great benefit from the magazine despite the plethora of information about the game on websites .
" You can have that in your lap while you are playing the game , " he added .
" It 's hard to look that up on a website when you are trying to fight some dragon with 25 other people . "
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediaguardian.co.uk or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Our lead trial counsel has a " lucky tie " that he wears every day ( or at least he did during jury selection ) even though it 's getting a little threadbare .
This is a fairly common habit among trial attorneys , and I have n't heard of anyone ever objecting to it .
A motion filed in Florida last month , though , contended that opposing counsel was trying to gain an unfair advantage by wearing homely old shoes :
1 . This is an action alleging personal injuries . . . .
2 . Trial is set to begin on June 15 , 2009 .
3 . It is well known in the legal community that Michael Robb , Esquire , wears shoes with holes in the soles when he is in trial .
4 . Upon reasonable belief , Plaintiff believes that Mr. Robb wears these shoes as a ruse to impress the jury and make them believe that Mr. Robb is humble and simple without sophistication .
. . . * * * 6 . Part of this strategy is to present Mr. Robb and his client as modest individuals who are so frugal that Mr. Robb has to wear shoes with holes in the soles .
Mr. Robb is known to stand at sidebar with one foot crossed casually beside the other so that the holes in his shoes are readily apparent to the jury . . . .
7 . Then , during argument and throughout the case Mr. Robb throws out statements like " I 'm just a simple lawyer " with the obvious suggestion that Plaintiff 's counsel and the Plaintiff are not as sincere and down to earth as Mr. Robb .
8 . Mr. Robb should be required to wear shoes without holes in the soles at trial to avoid the unfair prejudice suggested by this conduct .
According to the Palm Beach Post , Mr. Robb 's footwear — which he admits he has worn for 12 years now — is indeed well known to the legal community there .
Earlier this year , another plaintiff 's counsel offered to buy him a new custom - made pair of shoes if he would stop wearing the ancient loafers .
( Obviously , he declined . )
Apparently , however , this is the first opponent to challenge the loafers by motion .
Circuit Judge Donald Hafele denied the motion , after which plaintiff 's counsel Bill Bone reportedly also tried the free - shoe offer .
Robb declined again .
He told the Post the shoes had nothing to do with his success .
" I 've been practicing law for 21 years , " he said , " and Mr. Bone thinks he 's finally cracked the key to my success ? "
Robb scoffed at the idea .
" Gotta be the shoes , " he said .
" Like Michael Jordan . "
Robb claimed that he had been planning to finally retire his " trial shoes , " as he called them , but said this had changed his mind .
" [ T ] hey 're back in play , " he said .
" You ride that horse until it completely collapses . "
Link : Palm Beach Post
Link : Above the Law
Rubyで実装されたプロジェクト管理システムであるRetrospectivaのバージョン2.0がまもなくリリースされます。cozmixng.orgで最新バージョンが運用されているので、それを触ってみることで最新の機能を確認することができます。見てもらえばわかる通り、日本語表示にも対応しています。
Retrospectivaは一時期開発が停滞していて、その間にRedmineの方が普及しました。しかし、その後、再び開発が活発になり、現在は2.0 RC1がリリースされています。1.xから2.0では多くの改良が行われています。そのいくつかを紹介します。
簡単インストー ル
Single Step Installerが用意されていて、コマンド一発でインストールできるようになっています。以前より導入の敷居が下がっています。
アジャイル開発支 援
AgilePMというアジャイル開発を支援するプラグインが公開され、プロジェクト管理機能がさらに充実しています。tDiaryプロジェクト用のAgilePMがあるので、そこで触ってみることができます。ただし、現時点ではまだ利用されていないのであまり雰囲気がわからないかもしれません。これからのtDiaryプロジェクトの利用に期待しましょう。
git対 応
Subversionだけではなく、gitにも対応しました。また、Retrospectiva自体のバージョン管理システムもSubversionからgitに移行しています。
最近はgitを採用するプロジェクトも増えているため、これは嬉しい機能ではないでしょうか。
まとめ
まもなくリリースされるRetrospectiva 2.0を簡単に紹介しました。以前は「ブログがついたTrac」みたいな書かれ方をされていたRetrospectivaですが、実際に使ってみるとその表現が間違っていたことに気付いた人も多かったのではないでしょうか。以前からコミットログで連携する機能などがあり、使っていた人は「便利なプロジェクト管理ツール」という方がしっくりくることに気付いていたはずです。2.0ではより便利で有用な機能がスマートなインターフェイスで追加されています。2.0の紹介のために「ブログがついた〜」と書かれることは減ることでしょう。
Redmineもよいですが、プロジェクト管理ツールとしてRetrospectivaも検討してみてはいかがでしょうか。
もし、使用してみてRetrospectivaの開発に参加したくなった場合はRetrospectivaを使って開発に参加するとよいでしょう。まずは、未翻訳メッセージの翻訳から参加するのが敷居が低いでしょう。kou@clear-code.com まで連絡してもらえれば相談にのります。
Tired of the entertainment industry treating you like a criminal for wanting to share music and movies online ?
We are too — EFF is fighting for a constructive solution that gets artists paid while making file sharing legal .
The irrational war against P2P by misguided content owners and their representatives is not generating a single penny for artists .
In fact despite lawsuits and other attempts to stymie P2P providers and thousands of music and movie fans file sharing is more popular than ever .
What 's more the entertainment industry has threatened innovation in P2P systems and many other tools that help you get more from your media .
And it could get even worse -- the industry is pushing Congress to ratchet up civil and criminal sanctions for file sharing and to restrict innovation .
You can help put a stop to this misguided campaign .
Together we can forge a better way forward .
Learn more about how EFF has fought to end the war on P2P
＼（ ＾Ｏ＾）／ WOOHOOO !!
This is the best advertisement i have ever seen .
I can't for the life of me play FPS but i would buy this game just because of the ad alone ^_^
1.7 million warrants out in Houston area Wanted : residents with 1.7 million warrants
The offenses are worth more than $ 340 million
Galveston County Precinct 4 Deputy Constable Tiffany Atkins with nearly 17,000 outstanding warrants in Santa Fe. Galveston County Precinct 4 Deputy Constable Tiffany Atkins with nearly 17,000 outstanding warrants in Santa Fe. Photo : James Nielsen , Chronicle Photo : James Nielsen , Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close 1.7 million warrants out in Houston area 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Nearly 2 million warrants worth more than $ 340 million are outstanding in the Houston area , and in most cases they 're not for hard - core criminals .
They 're for average residents who have n't settled minor traffic and ordinance citations .
The class C misdemeanor offenses , punishable by fines only , can be resolved by showing up at a municipal or justice of the peace court to answer the charge .
But when people fail to comply with the law , judges are forced to issue warrants for their arrest .
The figures , based on information provided to the Houston Chronicle from a select number of courts in Houston and five surrounding counties , document only a snapshot of the widespread problem , which overwhelms some courts and law enforcement agencies .
Judges and police officials say managing thousands of case files and tracking down scofflaws is a never - ending task .
As soon as warrants are cleared , more roll in .
Houston is equipped to handle the large volume of warrants generated through its courts .
But many small courts and police agencies in the suburbs struggle with limited resources and less sophisticated computer systems .
Houston alone has more than 1.2 million outstanding class C misdemeanor warrants .
On average , most people have one to three active warrants .
Many alleged offenders have multiple warrants because they receive a warrant for each violation on the citation , plus they get an additional warrant for failure to appear in court .
The warrants cover violations from motorists who run red lights to business owners who do n't have burglar alarm permits to residents who do n't properly handle yard waste .
Court officials estimate the warrants are worth about $ 300 million , which would be pumped into the city 's general fund when collected .
A lot of that money , however , is not actually owed to the city until a person is found guilty .
City Councilwoman
Sue Lovell said city officials are more concerned about closed cases that still have unpaid fines .
She said the municipal court needs to be more aggressive about collecting fines on those cases .
About 80 percent of Houston 's warrants are traffic - related , said Gwen Goins , spokeswoman for Houston Municipal Courts Administration .
Yet , some of the city 's worst offenders are those with building code violations related to property or businesses they own .
The top nine offenders each have 99 or more warrants .
All but two live in the Houston area , and despite having addresses listed in court documents , none have been arrested .
Houston 's top offender
Houston police officials say they target the worst offenders first when they conduct annual warrant sweeps , and they 're usually more interested in catching those involved in other illegal activity , said Assistant Chief Vicki King .
“ We really want to get criminals off the street , ” King said .
“ People who could n't or would n't pay are not forgotten .
If they get caught , they will go to jail . ”
Houston 's top offender is Collins Ofoegbu , of El Sobrante , Calf. , who has 710 warrants for building code violations at a Houston apartment complex .
A fire destroyed the property at 5600 Holly View Drive about 18 months ago , according to his Houston attorney , Jeff Seely , who is representing Ofoegbu in a lawsuit against the insurance company he said has refused to pay him for the damages .
Court officials say code violation warrants can add up quickly , especially when inspectors find multiple violations during an inspection .
If those violations are not corrected by the next 30 - day inspection , they are written up again .
Ofoegbu , for example , has 350 warrants for failure to securely seal an unused water well on his property .
In an email , Ofoegbu said he is aware of the warrants but wo n't be able to resolve them until the insurance dispute is settled .
Authorities can't extradite him back to Houston on a class C misdemeanor , said assistant city attorney Randy Zamora .
Judges said financial issues keep many people from settling their cases .
The recession has n't helped the situation .
Many people have to choose between paying their grocery bill or their tickets .
“ It 's going to get worse before it gets better , ” said Montgomery County 's Precinct 1 Justice of the Peace Lanny Moriarty , whose court has more than 23,000 warrants .
Letter sent , name flagged
When people do n't show in court after 30 days , courts are required by law to flag the defendant 's name in the Texas Department of Safety database .
It prevents people from renewing their driver 's license or getting a driver 's license if they do n't have one .
The tool often motivates people to take care of their tickets .
Many courts send notices reminding people of their warrants .
It 's a less effective alternative but sometimes triggers responses .
Shadrick Wayne Taylor , of Alvin , contacted the Galveston County 's Precinct 4 Constable Office on Thursday after receiving several orange cards in the mail for a 3 - year - old outstanding ticket for failure to maintain liability insurance .
He said he had ignored the notices because they had the wrong name .
Taylor , a mail carrier , said he had forgotten about the ticket and plans to come to court next week and request a payment plan .
He 's looking at a tab of more than $ 1,000 in fines and fees , said precinct warrant officer Deputy Vicky Atkins , who has been tracking Taylor for about a year .
Galveston County Precinct 4 Judge Michael W. Nelson said some people forget about their tickets , but he thinks a large majority simply thumb their nose at the law .
Nelson believes the system should be reformed to get more people to comply .
“ There 's no meat or substance to what we can do if ( the offender ) is not a responsible person , ” Nelson said .
While other judges agree with Nelson , they say the system is working overall .
Other strategies
Annual amnesty programs and warrant sweeps continue to help clear cases , and new technology is being used to better manage cases and to catch scofflaws .
Houston municipal courts , for example , are looking at flagging a defendant 's vehicle registration through the state transportation department 's database , said presiding Judge Berta Mejia .
And last year , Houston police purchased automated license plate readers that read up to 60 vehicle license plates per minute , enabling patrol officers to pull over those with warrants .
In addition , police now have the ability to run credit card payments so people can settle outstanding warrants on the spot .
Harris County Judge Bill Yeoman , who presides over the Justice of the Peace Court in Precinct 5 , said he once suggested that warrants list be published in local newspapers .
He also thinks it would n't be a bad idea for Texas to follow Illinois ' example .
When people are pulled over for a traffic violation , their driver 's license is confiscated and the written citation serves as their temporary license until they appear in court .
If they do n't come to court , the state suspends their license .
“ It 's a way of curtailing the necessity of issuing warrants , ” Yeoman said .
renee.lee@chron.com
Most of the questions I answer on this site are from readers who hope to become professional screenwriters .
A small percentage of these readers will succeed , and suddenly face a new category of questions about What Happens Next .
Having watched former assistants and other young writers cross the line into professional work , I ’ve noticed that one of the biggest mysteries is money .
I want to offer a brief financial education for the newly - employed screenwriter .
For most of you , this wo n’t apply — yet , if ever .
But for others , this may be worth a bookmark , because there are some specific , unusual things you need to know .
Screenwriting is a strange profession , and handling the money it generates is more complicated than you ’d think .
1 . Do n’t quit your day job — until you have to .
Before writing this post , I asked a dozen working writers for their recommendations , and this was by far the most - often made point .
The natural instinct is to immediately quit your crappy day job once you ’re hired to write something ( or sell a spec ) .
After all , is n’t that the dream ?
Is n’t this why you came to Hollywood ?
Every waiter and barrista in Los Angeles considers himself a screenwriter , so quitting your day job is an important way to distinguish yourself as a True Screenwriter , the kind who gets paid actual money to push words around in 12 - pt Courier .
But do n’t .
Do n’t quit your job right away .
Even if you sell a spec for $ 200 K , it will be months before you see a cent .
The studio will sit on your contract as lawyers exchange pencil notes about things you ca n’t believe are n’t boilerplate .
When I was hired for my first job , it took almost four months before I got a paycheck .
I was living off of money from a novelization , but when that ran out , I had to ask my mom for help paying rent .
Nearly every screenwriter I speak with has a similar story — you ’re never as broke as when you first start making money .
Beyond the initial delay in getting paid , keep in mind that there ’s no guarantee you ’ll have a second writing job .
I have n’t seen numbers , but my hunch is that a substantial portion of new WGA members are n’t getting paid as screenwriters two years later .
A career is not one sale .
As one writer friend says , “ I always think of myself as six months away from teaching community college . ”
If all goes well , the needs of your career will eventually force you to give up your day job .
You ’ll have meetings at 11 a.m. on a Wednesday , and no more excuses to offer your boss .
Or you ’ll be hired on a TV show , which is at least two full - time jobs .
So do n’t panic when it comes time to quit .
Just try to leave on good terms , with back - of - mind awareness that at some point you may need to get a normal job again .
Here ’s how the transition happened for my former assistants :
Rawson finally quit working for me because the movie he was directing ( Dodgeball ) was in preproduction .
He went from being an assistant to having an assistant in less than a week .
Dana had a movie greenlit and another script under a tight deadline .
Chad met with Aaron Sorkin on a Tuesday morning — and got hired in the room .
He had to start working on Studio 60 that afternoon .
Each of them left , but only after the needs of their writing career made it impossible not to .
In the meantime , they had regular hours and health insurance .
That last part is especially worthy of attention , because it may take months to get WGA health insurance started after making a sale .
2 . It ’s less money than you think .
We ’re used to getting paychecks that have all of the taxes and expenses taken out .
Maybe you ’re bringing home $ 850 per week .
The math is relatively straightforward : you know how much you need for rent , food , utilities and whatnot .
And next week , you ’ll get another check .
Screenwriting is nothing like that .
You get paid in chunks , from which you have to pay taxes and percentages to all the people working for you .
The money shrinks at an alarming rate .
Worse , you have limited ability to predict when you ’ll get paid again .
As an example , let ’s say you and your writing partner sell a spec script to a studio for $ 100,000 .
That seems like pretty good money .
But how much of it do you get to keep ?
Let ’s run the numbers .
Out of all that money , you have less than $ 37 K , and that ’s before you ’ve paid a penny of taxes .
So do n’t buy your fractional Net Jet just yet .
Some points while we ’re here :
Not every writer has a manager .
I never did .
Many beginning writers find managers helpful in making contacts and working on pitches .
Your mileage may vary .
While most managers get 10 % , that ’s not fixed by law the way it is with agents .
You can also pay attorneys by the hour — but they ’re well worth the 5 % .
You generally do n’t write a check for your agent and attorney — that money is deducted by the agency when they collect from the studio for you .
The WGA sends you a form every quarter on which you list what you ’ve been paid by signatory companies .
It ’s your responsibility to pay dues .
Flipping through Variety , you might think that all screenwriters are rich .
For instance , you might read that Sally Romcom sold a pitch for “ low six figures . ”
That ’s slanguage for $ 100 to $ 250 K — still a lot of money .
But if you actually looked at her deal , you ’d see that the money is structured in a way that she ’s unlikely to get it all at once , or even in the same year .
Sally is getting paid in three steps : first draft , rewrite and polish .
For each step , she is being paid half at commencement , and half when she delivers .
Each step has a time frame , ranging from 12 weeks for the first draft to four weeks for the polish .
There is generally a four - week guaranteed reading period between each step , which means that the fastest she could expect to be paid for these three steps is 32 weeks ( 12 + 4 + 8 + 4 + 4 ) .
She ’ll get $ 125 K for these three steps .
The $ 75 K sole credit bonus only happens if ( a ) the movie gets made , and ( b ) she ’s the only credited writer on it .
In order to pay her bills , Sally needs to be able to predict when she ’s going to be getting more money .
For years , I kept a spreadsheet tracking projects and expenses across upcoming months , to make sure I ’d have enough cash to pay rent six months down the road .
3. WGA membership happens automatically
One day , you ’re an aspiring screenwriter who hopes to join the Writers Guild .
The next , you ’re a working screenwriter who must join the guild by law .
The first time you sell a script to ( or are hired to write by ) a signatory company , you need to join the Guild .
Odds are , the guild will contact you as soon as paperwork crosses the right desk , but you can also jumpstart the process by calling the Los Angeles office .
You ’ll have to pay a fee of $ 2,500 to join .
Ask nicely , and they ’ll let you spread out the payments .
The most immediate benefit to joining the guild is the health insurance .
The plans and benefits are confusing but extensive , with trade - offs for Preferred Providers versus HMOs .
It ’s worth spending a few hours getting it set up correctly .
Once you ’re in the plan , you ’ll need to keep working in order to maintain eligibility .
4. Splurge on one thing
Once you start making money , there ’s a natural instinct to upgrade every aspect of your lifestyle , which has probably stalled out in a post - college , heavy - Ikea phase .
Do n’t .
You ’ll burn through your money and wonder what you spent it on .
Instead , buy one thing you really want and can afford .
Make that your reward .
For me , it was getting a dog .
I ’d wanted one since I was 10 , and I was determined to move to an apartment that allowed dogs .
I found a duplex off Melrose and got my pug .
Twelve years later , he ’s still sleeping at my feet .
He ’s a good dog and a good reminder of how my career started .
Your dog equivalent may be a car , a painting , or a 30 - inch monitor .
Buy it and enjoy it .
But do n’t feel any pressure to act rich .
I drive a six - year old Toyota .
We buy store brands and clip coupons .
We fly coach .
Over time , you will probably start spending more on housing , clothing , travel and food as your standards rise .
That ’s okay .
But spend your mad money on those few things that actually make you happy .
5 . Do n’t rush to pay off your student loans
Everyone wants to be debt - free , but classic federal student loans are some of the cheapest money you ’re ever going to find .
Until you feel confident that you ’ll have enough money to last you a solid year , keep paying your normal amount .
Instead , pay off your credit cards and private student loans , which tend to have much higher interest rates .
6 . Sock it away
Whether you ’ve made a bunch of money at once in a spec sale , or carefully grown a nest egg through steady assignments , you ’ll want to put your money in two virtual boxes .
In the first , stash enough to live on for six months ( including taxes ) .
In the second box , put all the rest of the money you make — and pretend it does n’t exist .
I ’m not qualified to talk about investments , pensions or retirement , but I feel absolutely certain giving you this financial advice : save your money .
Get financial advice about about smart places to put it , and then leave it alone .
Except for rare occasions — buying a house , for example — you should never need to touch it .
Your living expenses should be more than covered by new money coming in the door .
7 . At some point , you ’ll incorporate
When a studio hires me , they actually hire my loan - out corporation , which provides both tax advantages and liability benefits .
I did n’t become a corporation until after Go , at which point my agent and attorney told me it was time .
It ’s a lot of paperwork to set up — your attorney will do most of it — and a fair amount of responsibility , with quarterly taxes and other filings .
Like heart surgery , it ’s smart to ask a lot of questions , but you ultimately want it handled by professionals who do it every day .
Before becoming a corporation , I was managing my money easily with Quicken and Excel .
The added complexity of the corporation led me to hire a business manager and accountant .
The best resource for finding a good business manager is other writers .
You want someone responsible , reachable and thorough .
Keep in mind that a business manager is not an investment guy .
A business manager is writing checks to keep the lights on .
The only financial advice you ’ll be getting from your business manager is to spend less money , which is always worth hearing .
A close friend of mine just got moved from financial services executive management to the CSO role within her organization .
My friend is smart and has more degrees than a thermometer .
She does n't know much about IT security , however -- except that her company is n't doing it right .
We can debate the merits of appointing a nonsecurity person to the head of a security team , but sometimes better management is exactly what is missing .
As long as the key people under her handle the technical leadership roles , the combination might work out well .
If she is as smart as I think she is , she 'll pick up the pertinent facts and pain points pretty quickly .
She 's not the type to pour all her resources into the first major emergency or believe every vendor 's sales pitch .
[ Need some more career advice for your IT security role ?
Make a top 10 security list and think strategically . ]
She asked me what she should concentrate on initially , to reduce security risk .
Without knowing a single detail of what she and her company faced , I gave her the following advice .
Remember , computer security is all about the data .
We do n't do everything we do to protect users or computers or software .
We do all it all -- including protecting users from themselves -- to protect the data .
When someone mentions a security problem or remediation , think about how it affects the data involved .
Define requirements and gaps .
Start by defining the broader problem .
Document all relevant business , legal , and regulatory requirements .
Sometimes this is led centrally , top - down , and sometimes each sub-entity in the enterprise has different requirements .
More often it is a combination of the two approaches .
After defining the requirements , identify the gaps .
Where can the current processes and team be improved ?
What 's missing ?
What 's being done right and who is involved ?
Often , interested parties can be entrusted to improve other processes .
Bring in senior leadership , midlevel managers , IT , end -users , and the necessary ancillary departments such as legal and auditing .
Each gap should be threat - modeled and evaluated for security risk .
Calculations for security risk need to include real risk , potential incidence of occurrence , and potential damage costs .
Gaps with the highest security risk should be closed first .
Of course , you can't forget the political layer .
Sometimes you must do a project simply because someone above wants it done .
Determine costs and goals .
Now that you 've identified the security risks and potential damages of each gap , determine the cost to remedy each problem .
If the price for remediation outweighs the potential damage , perhaps it is n't a project to worry about .
More realistically , you 'll usually have more goals and potential projects ( and projects already in process ) than you can complete in a given time period , so rank by criticality .
It 's important to tie each project to the security risk it will address and set expectations .
Nothing is more embarrassing than spending tons of money to remediate a particular threat only to have it occur the next day -- been there , done that .
Develop a plan .
Using the information you have , create short - , mid- , and long - term goals and projects .
Tie each project back to the enterprise 's requirements and strategic direction .
Report your strategy and tactics to senior management .
You 'll need senior management 's approval and backing to do the heavy lifting that is required when security initiatives start to conflict with operations .
Create and use metrics .
When you are engaging with executive management , you need to summarize the current state of the security union .
How many security incidents has the company suffered ?
What is the cost per incident ?
How many malware attacks ?
How many compromised Web sites ?
Metrics and pie charts may be boring , but they are lifeblood when arguing and educating senior management .
Pick metrics that are easy to measure and that encompass the security risk to the environment .
Inventory the environment .
When thoughts turn to inventory , most people think about counting the number of computers , platforms , and other devices .
That 's a given .
But good security leaders need to understand the environment they are being tasked with securing .
Start by documenting every network ingress point .
This should include Internet access , VPN connections , dial - in access , WAN connections , partner links , and so on .
Next , inventory and classify the various user classes .
Who needs to access the data you are storing ?
Typical user classes include internal users ( privileged and nonprivileged ) , external users , business partners , vendors , regulators , and monitors .
The general idea is to figure out the main classes of users that need access to your data .
Locate your data .
List all the places where data resides , on what servers , and in what locations .
How many databases , what types , and where are they stored ?
What are the backup media types , and where are those media devices stored ?
Are users allowed to store data on personal removable media ( USB memory devices , portable hard drives , burnable DVD drives ) ?
If not , do they do it anyway ?
This is a tough task .
Who really knows where all their data is ?
But the idea is to take your best guess to use as a starting point .
Classify your identified data .
You can make up your own categories or use very generic terms such Public , Private , and Confidential .
If a single database , without logical separation , contains data of mixed classification types , mark the entire database as the most sensitive level .
Create security domains .
With all the previously collected information , identify the various security domains -- logical or physically separate paths between different types of user classes and the data they need to work with .
In very simple examples , outsiders reliant on public information should not have access to private and confidential data .
Most vendors should not have unfettered access to an entity 's private and confidential data .
IT troubleshooters and staff should not have access to executive compensation figures .
Security domains can be created using physical separation , firewalls , routers , Ethernet switches , VPN protocols , database controls , encryption , and a host of other tools and methods .
Commence the security remediation cycle .
Once you have a good understanding of the environment , projects , and goals , a typical security remediation cycle might go something like this :
First , inventory the existing or future objects , such as computers , users , groups , and so on .
Next , minimize how many objects you need to meet business requirements .
Third , secure the remaining objects , however they may be defined by your projects and goals .
Finally , manage the lifecycle of the remaining objects .
Manage the object lifecycle .
Object lifecycle management includes creating or improving the processes and controls around requesting and creating objects , managing object changes and moves , and documenting decommission of objects ( so that they do n't hang around forever ) .
Adds , moves , changes , and deletes should have change and configuration controls built around them .
Management should including monitoring , alerting ( that is , what is an actionable event ? ) , and auditing .
I always end my computer security spiel with this : A significant amount of any entity 's security risk can be decreased by preventing users from installing malware ( however you accomplish it ) , excellent patching ( both OS and applications ) , and getting SDL ( Secure Development Lifecycle ) into any internal programming or development process .
Preventing malware installation will keep out the vast majority of today 's client - side attacks .
Implementing SDL will decrease server - side risk , and better patching helps both .
When I got through , my friend asked sarcastically , " That 's all ? "
Yeah , welcome to our world .
Ceramic Pipe Kneeling Woman
This amazing looking ceramic water pipe shaped as a kneeling woman will put a smile on all your friends faces .
The eye catching design and hand painted color finish makes this an attractive piece and a must have for any serious pipe collector .
The sturdy , durable build and craftsmanship that has gone into this pipe ensures for a smooth clean hits every time .
The pipe is designed with a hole in the kneeling woman ass to inhale the smoke through , so you and a friends can enjoy sexy smoke sessions together .
The metal downstem and bowl are conviniently located above the woman head and are removable , making this hand pipe easy to use , clean and maintain .
If you want a great looking , hassle free water pipe to enjoy , then this portable pipe is the perfect choice .
It also makes a great gift !
After the blow - outs of brokers Opes Prime and Tricom , the Federal Government has moved to take away supervision of Australia ’s largest licensed brokers from the Australian Securities Exchange .
In a statement today , the Federal Government announced the Australian Securities and Investments Commission will in the future be responsible for supervising brokers who trade in financial markets .
This includes brokers trading in all listed and unlisted securities - including those trading on the Australian stock exchange and the Sydney Futures Exchange .
These last two markets were previously the domain of the ASX ’s market supervision arm .
CRM CRM Solutions | Act ! by Swiftpage
We bring clean resolution to your business needs .
Complete , configurable sales , service and marketing capabilities designed for the small to mid-sized market .
Learn more
ACCOUNTING Complimentary Account Ability Consultation , and seamless , flexible accounting software designed to let your business grow , flourish and thrive enabling you to focus on the prize ; greater revenue .
Ideal for the small to mid-sized business .
Learn more
NETWORK Remote / On-site IT Support | Hardware / Software Support - Qualified and willing teams of experts , we ’re dedicated and caring people who will get you up and keep you going , ensuring your IT department remains in tip top shape .
Learn more
A passel of bigwig economists has signed a petition urging Congress and the executive branch “ to reaffirm their support for and defend the independence of the Federal Reserve System as a foundation of U.S. economic stability . ”
In support of this defense of the Fed against those now challenging the secrecy of its undertakings and , in some cases , its very existence , these economists offer three arguments .
First , “ central bank independence has been shown to be essential for controlling inflation . ”
A little difficulty for this claim , however , resides in the undeniable fact that for more than a century before the Fed ’s establishment , the purchasing power of the dollar fluctuated around an approximately horizontal trend line — that is , despite inflations and deflations usually associated with the wartime issuance of fiat money and the postwar return to specie - backed currency , the dollar more or less retained its exchange value against goods and services over the long run , whereas since the Fed ’s establishment the dollar has lost more than 95 percent of its purchasing power .
If this post -1913 experience is what these economists consider “ controlling inflation , ” I would not want to see what happens to a currency ’s purchasing power when inflation is not controlled !
It seems that the petitioning economists have placed the performance bar absurdly low in their judgment of the Fed ’s containment of inflation .
Evidently , barring a Weimar - Germany - style hyperinflation , they suppose that everything is hunky - dory on the monetary front .
Second , say our esteemed economists , “ lender of last resort decisions should not be politicized . ”
This statement only goes to prove that , as everybody knew already , economists make terrible comedians : the statement is obviously a joke , but it ’s just not funny .
“ Not be politicized , ” they say ?
What is one to call the Fed ’s decisions during the past year to dole out trillions in loans , credit lines , guarantees , asset exchanges , and so forth to the big boys on Wall Street ?
Are we supposed to believe that all those big investment banks that were permitted to transform themselves instantaneously into depository institutions , thereby gaining access to various forms of Treasury and Fed support , were selected and accommodated on purely disinterested grounds ?
Or may we be permitted to imagine that institutions such as Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley just might — might , I said — enjoy a tad more political coziness with the government in general and the Fed in particular than , say , you and I and another three hundred million Americans do ?
Finally , the leading economists declare : “ The democratic legitimacy of the Federal Reserve System is well established by its legal mandate and by the existing appointments process .
Frequent communication with the public and testimony before Congress ensure Fed accountability . ”
But legitimacy , it would seem , properly lies in the eyes of the legitimizer , not in the tables , charts , and econometric exercises of top - tier academic economists .
The Fed ’s appointment process , as I see it , suggests more the co-conspiratorial character of the ruling elites than anything we might grace with the adjective “ democratic . ”
And if frequent congressional testimony by Fed officials , notorious for its mumbo- jumbo lack of clarity and definiteness , suffices to “ ensure Fed accountability , ” then we are left to wonder what led Senator Byron Dorgan to complain on the floor of the Senate on February 3 : “ We ’ve seen money go out the back door of this government unlike any time in the history of our country .
Nobody knows what went out of the Federal Reserve Board , to whom and for what purpose .
. . .
When ?
Why ? ”
Indeed , the lack of Fed transparency and accountability has been so outrageous during the past year that it has prompted nearly three hundred members of the House of Representatives to support Congressman Ron Paul ’s bill to audit the Fed .
All in all , the economists ’ petition reflects the astonishing political naïvité and historical myopia that now characterize the top echelon of the mainstream economics profession .
( I prefer this interpretation to the more conspiratorial one that they are fronting for the Fed in order to reap some form of personal gain .
Academic economists are more often obtuse than evil . )
Everybody now understands that economic central planning is doomed to fail ; the problems of cost calculation and producer incentives intrinsic to such planning are common fodder even for economists in upscale institutions .
Yet , somehow , these same economists seem incapable of understanding that the Fed , which is a central planning body working at the very heart of the economy — its monetary order — cannot produce money and set interest rates better than free - market institutions can do so .
It is high time that they extended their education to understand that central planning does not work — indeed , cannot work — any better in the monetary order than it works in the economy as a whole .
It is also high time that the Fed be not only audited and required to reveal its inner machinations to the people who suffer under its misguided actions , but abolished root and branch before it inflicts further centrally planned disaster on the world ’s people .
Normally , we 'd leave this sort of thing to the great Josh Fruhlinger of The Comics Curmudgeon , but DC 's upcoming " Wednesday Comics " prompted us to take a look at the newspaper comics page and have a few laughs .
Instead , we were surprised to find strips so relentlessly soul - crushing that even Chris Ware would be jealous .
So pop a few Prozac and get ready as the ISB 's Chris Sims looks at 15 Suicidally Depressing Comic Strips !
The fact that " Family Circus " sucks is -- like the speed of light or Batman 's awesomeness -- a universal constant .
Still , we were n't quite prepared for just how incredibly bleak it could be , whether it 's the scene where young Billy faithfully reproduces his parents shouting at each other over increasingly suspicious charges from a " business trip " to Las Vegas ...
... or the fact that he spends his time reminiscing about the horrible charnel house hidden beneath the thin veneer of suburban life .
" What 's going on in the comics today , son ? "
" Same old stuff , dad .
Garfield hates Mondays , Dilbert 's in a boring meeting , and there 's a woman in ' Dick Tracy ' being mauled to death by dogs .
I hope they show the mangled corpse of the dogs ' other victims next ! "
Spoiler Warning :
They did .
With the recent worldwide economic crisis , many comics have started striving for more topical humor , although they seem to have left out the " humor " part .
Especially hard hit were Hi and Lois , Lois having been in the real estate business since 1980 .
That led to this scene where Hi comes home to tell the children that not only will they not be going to Grandma 's this winter , but that there 's a pretty good chance they 'll all be frozen to death by Christmas .
Worse yet was the fate of Marvin 's grandfather , who not only lost everything in the market crash , but discovered that the man he thought was his best friend was only interested in bilking him out of his money , one dollar at a time , and that he is now both destitute and alone .
Even the once - stable Obese Rhinoceros - Man industry was hit pretty hard , leading to this " hilarious " installment of " Pluggers , " where a sad man gives up the one thing that brightens up his life , presumably to raise money for another frequent " Pluggers " punch line : surgery .
Worst of all , though , is Cathy , who -- in addition to having to be Cathy -- has to deal with economic woes , her in - laws moving in after they lost all of their money , and vaguely ominous references to her dog vomiting at her job .
Taking a break from the financial crisis , here 's " Herb and Jamaal " to remind us that a good night 's sleep is little more than a brief touch of the cold embrace of death , which one day we will all know forever .
Then we have " Beetle Bailey " 's General Halftrack , who has apparently seen such horrible things in his time with the Army that he can't even deal with his harridan wife forcing simple human contact on him without the insulation of a stiff drink .
" Judge Parker , " as one of the " serious " comics ( like " Apartment 3 - G " and the meddlesome " Mary Worth " ) , does n't really fit in here , but really , a desperate woman lunging at the police with a knife and being shot at least eight times seems a little excessive .
Mell Lazarus 's " Momma " is about a tiny , shriveled old woman who hates everything , constantly berates her children in increasingly inappropriate ways and , as seen here , occasionally rejects the grotesque and surprisingly explicit sexual advances of another tiny , shriveled senior citizen .
At 90 years old , " Gasoline Alley " is only slightly younger than the average comic strip reader .
In this laugh - a - minute installment , one of the characters considers how much better his life would be if he were dead , rather than in the throes of crippling debt .
The best thing about this installment of " Funky Winkerbean , " which started as a high school comedy and evolved into a treatise on aging and mortality , is that writer Tom Batiuk rejects the traditional third - panel punch line in favor of a silent panel of two men thinking about how they and their relatives are going to die soon .
Enjoy today 's Jumble , kids !
During its 29 - year run , " For Better or For Worse " had its characters age in " real - time , " which led to the occasional heart attack among both the family dog and the more elderly human characters .
But really , that 's a fact of life , and it's not like the strip 's happier events , like the wedding in the final act that followed the Worst Proposal Ever , were n't marred by any depressing --
Oh , right .
The other heart attack .
Never mind .
And finally , we have " Crankshaft , " one of two spin -offs of " Funky Winkerbean , " the other being a strip called " John Darling , " featuring a charmingly quirky talk - show host who was murdered on - panel in its penultimate strip .
Even that pal
es in comparison to the daily life of " Crankshaft , " which , like " Momma , " is about a senior citizen who hates everything , but with the added twist that his friends are dying so fast that he does n't even put away his " funeral shoes " before another one drops .
Also , according to Wikipedia , Crankshaft was illiterate for most of his life , had a son who died in infancy , and ...
... became the subject of degree of controversy when Batiuk wrote a cartoon that some readers and editors thought trivialized rape by saying that only young , attractive women need to fear sexual assault , implying that rape was in some sense a compliment .
It was pulled from publication in at least one paper .
" Calvin & Hobbes , " we miss you more than ever .
The 10 Newspaper Comic Strips that Need to F--- ing End ( Topless Robot )
Watch Megan Fox 's Topless Demonic Rampage ( io9 )
Hellboy Mask ( Walyou )
WASHINGTON  Thousands of pages of internal e-mail and once - secret Congressional testimony showed Tuesday that Karl Rove and other senior aides in the Bush White House played an earlier and more active role than was previously known in the 2006 firings of a number of United States attorneys .
Aides to former President George W. Bush have asserted that the Justice Department took the lead in the dismissals , which set off a political firestorm that lasted months .
Mr. Rove played down his role in the firings in a recent interview and in closed testimony last month before Congressional investigators .
But the documents , released by the House Judiciary Committee after a protracted fight over access to White House records and testimony , offer a detailed portrait of a nearly two - year effort , from early 2005 to 2007 , by senior White House officials , including Mr. Rove , to dismiss some prosecutors for what appear to be political reasons .
Internal e-mail messages in the spring of 2005 at the White House showed that there was widespread unhappiness with David Iglesias , the United States attorney in New Mexico , because of the perception among top Republicans that he was dragging his feet on voter fraud and corruption investigations involving Democrats .
If you love Monster Hunter games and think cheating is brilliant , Capcom 's here to make your life difficult .
Unless you 're immortal , that is .
According to the above image , anybody caught cheating at Monster Hunter 3 will face a 7,000 year ban , able to play again in the last month of 9999 .
Hilariously , however , that 's just strike one of the ban .
In 7,000 years , Capcom intends to make good on its promise to let you play again , promising a lifetime ban on the second strike , not the first .
The best part about this is that Capcom warns players as if a lifetime ban is somehow worse than a 7,000 year ban .
I mean , it technically is , but you 'd have to be Thor himself for it to have any effect .
" Because you used modified data to connect online , you 're now banned .
The ban will be lifted at 22:49 on 12/12/9999 , " explains the message to cheaters .
" In the future , if you violate the terms of service , it is possible that you will be banned for good . "
Do n't say you have n't been warned .
As of 8.12.09 , Comcast has moved MSNBC from its Digital Starter Package to its Digital Classic Lineup while leaving Fox News on the Starter package .
What this means is that one now has to pay an additional $ 17 per month ( $ 204 per year ) to view anything progressive enough to even remotely balance out FNC 's right wing extremism ( although , let 's be honest , MSNBC could install Castro himself in Tweety 's time slot and still not provide sufficient balance for the far - right insanity that is Beck / Billo / Hannity ) .
A fellow progressive alerted me today about a highly discriminatory new practice being implemented by Comcast .
I told him I would post something on Kos since he is not currently active here .
From what I can tell , this applies to all Comcast customers , not just those in my ( quite red ) area of Jacksonville , Florida .
So they are calling this a " channel realignment , " which I guess is like the broadcasting equivalent of gerrymandering .
Apparently it 's done with electronic switching from the Comcast HQ .
The neighbor who alerted me to the situation is an attorney , and he thinks this appears to be to be an FCC / Fairness Doctrine violation .
He has suggested to our Senator , Bill Nelson , that congress should enforce a " Menu Based " or " Cafeteria Style " subscription contract on the cable industry since it costs them nothing to make the switches .
I think the most immediate concern though is pressuring Comcast to include MSNBC in this Digital Basic Package IMMEDIATELY .
If you 'd like to join me , here are the email addresses of some key executives :
D'Arcy Rudnay , SVP Corp Communications
darcy_rudnay@comcast.com
David Juliano , EVP Marketing
david_juliano@comcast.com
Brian Roberts , CEO
brian_roberts@comcast.com
Stephen Burke , President , Cable
stephen_burke@comcast.com
David Watson , EVP Operations
david_watson@comcast.com
David Cohen , EVP
david_cohen@comcast.com
Amy Banse , SVP
amy_banse@comcast.com
Update # 1 :
Another issue I should have mentioned is the channel assignments , which are somewhat biased in and of themselves .
Here in Jacksonville at least , MSNBC is relegated to channel # 185 ( and this was true even before the " realignment . " )
In contrast , Fox News is 33 , CNN is 35 , CSPAN is 27 , even CSPAN - TWO is 105 , for god 's sake !
So the average viewer is not going to hit on MSNBC by accident or by casually channel - surfing .
Update # 2
It 's been very astutely suggested that it may be equally if not more effective to contact NBC and urge them to negotiate more forcefully for placement of MSNBC within the 1st tier of programming on Comcast ( and all delivery systems really ) .
Here is a list of contacts :
jeff.zucker@nbc.com
steve.capus@nbc.com
lynn.calpeter@nbc.com
michael.bass@nbc.com
john.eck@nbc.com
richard.cotton@nbc.com
allison.gollust@nbc.com
paula.madison@nbc.com
michael.pilot@nbc.com
Perl is notorious for its punctuation - ridden syntax , and if there is one place where this is manifested most obviously , it is when working with data structures .
While I myself can see the beauty behind the line noise and have nothing against the syntax per se , it sometimes feels there are just too many characters to type .
In particular , I have recently had to do a lot of work with XML data represented by perl hashes , via XML :: TreePP and XML :: Compile .
Working with the data structures generated by these modules can quickly become pretty painful .
Enter Data:: AsObject .
It allows you to work with hash and array references as if they were objects .
For example , I often have to process XLIFF files , which are used in the translation industry .
Using XML :: Compile , I can get my XLIFF files serialized into a hash and use it as follows ( you do n't need to know the details of the XLIFF format to see the point of the example ) :
# $ xliff holds the serialized xml # get the source language of the first file my $ source_lang = $ xliff ->{' seq_any '} ->[ 0 ] ->{' file '}->{' source - language '} ; # get all the translation units in the first file my @trans_units = @{ $ xliff ->{' seq_any '} ->[ 0 ] ->{' file '}->{' body'}->{' cho_group '} ->[ 0 ] ->{' trans - unit'} } ; # for each translation unit , add an alternative translation with a source and a target foreach my $ tu ( @trans_units ) { my @matches = get_matches ( $ source -> textContent ) ; my $ id = 0 ; foreach my $ match ( @matches ) { $ tu->{'cho_context - group '} -> [ $id ] ->{' alt - trans '} ->{' source '} ->{'_'} = $ match -> source ; $tu->{'cho_context - group '} - > [ $ id ] ->{' alt - trans '} ->{' target'}->{'_'} = $ match -> target ; $ id ++ ; } }
The same example with Data:: AsObject ( for this to work , hooks need to be added to XML :: Compile to automatically convert ' source - language ' , ' trans - unit ' and other elements with dashes to ' source_language ' , ' trans_unit ' etc. ) :
# Data::AsObject : : dao converts a hashref or an arrayref to a # Data:: AsObject :: Hash or a Data:: AsObject :: Array object dao $ xliff ; my $ source_lang = $ xliff -> seq_any(0 ) -> file->source_language ; my @trans_units = $ xliff -> seq_any(0 ) -> file->body ->cho_group(0 ) -> trans_unit ; foreach my $ tu ( @trans_units ) { my @matches = get_matches ( $ source -> textContent ) ; my $ id = 0 ; foreach my $ match ( @matches ) { $ tu->cho_context_group( $id )->alt_trans ->source ->{'_'} = $ match -> source ; $tu->cho_context_group( $id ) -> alt_trans -> target ->{'_'} = $ match -> target ; $ id ++ ; } }
This an almost real life example and you can easily see what benefits in terms of readability Data: : AsObject provides .
Of course there are many caveats , the primary one being that you need to be able to control your input and guarantee that hash keys will only contain alphanumeric characters and underscores .
Go check out the docs for more usage details .
Eight U.S. airlines will use up to 1.5 million gallons a year of synthetic diesel made from plant waste starting in 2012 , the fuel 's manufacturer announced today .
Rentech Inc.'s fuel will be used for ground - service transportation at Los Angeles International Airport and be made primarily from urban woody green waste such as yard clippings , the company said .
Using the renewable fuel will be American Airlines , Continental Airlines , Delta Air Lines , United Airlines , US Airways , Southwest Airlines , Alaska Airlines and UPS Airlines .
Rentech plans to produce the fuel at a new plant in Rialto , Calif. , which is slated to open in 2012 .
The Air Transport Association of America , the domestic industry trade group that joined Rentech in announcing the deal , called the purchasing agreement the first of its kind and said it could signal an industrywide move toward using lower - carbon fuels .
" This transaction promises to be the first of many such green - fuel purchase agreements by the commercial aviation industry , " said Glenn Tilton , ATA 's chairman .
Likewise , Rentech heralded the agreement as a sign of things to come .
" We expect this agreement to serve as a model for future supply relationships at other airports and for other fuels , including Rentech 's synthetic jet fuel , which was recently approved for commercial airline use , " said D. Hunt Ramsbottom , Rentech 's president and CEO .
Copyright 2009 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
The Ashtanga Vinyasa series of yoga has its origins in an ancient text called the Yoga Korunta , which was put together , originally , by Vamana Rishi .
It was then received by Krishnamacharya from his Guru , Rama Mohan Brahmachari , at Mount Kailash .
Also , there ’s a lot of evidence that the Ashtanga Vinyasa Yoga series incorporates various exercises from Indian wrestling and British gymnastics .
This particular style of yoga is characterized by
a focus on vinyasa : “ a dynamic connecting posture ” .
This particular posture creates a flow between the more static postures that traditional yoga does not have .
Vinyasa yoga focuses on really linking the movement to the breath so that everything is smooth–essentially , the breath dictates
the movement as well as the length of time that you hold the posture .
Now , I ’ve got a video here that will take you through the first , or primary , series of Ashtanga–mind you , it ’s 52 minutes long , but it ’s very well done and it ’s free 🙂
Additional Resources on Ashtanga Vinyasa Yoga
Check out this site to see all the different poses of the first Ashtanga series .
By GottaLaff
I have been given permission to repost this in its entirety :
To my American friends : I sincerely hope you ’re not taken in by the GOP propaganda featuring Canadian Shona Holmes trashing our system of universal healthcare .
The problem is both that Ms. Holmes and her Republican masters misrepresented her condition and that the tactic itself is reprehensible .
The GOP ca n’t produce any logical argument against a system that is entrenched in every Western society except yours , so they resort to fear - mongering and lies , claiming that one Canadian ’s skewed view trumps the experiences and beliefs of the rest of us .
There are almost 34 million Canadians and it ’s true , not every one of them supports universal healthcare .
It ’s not a perfect system and we too debate its reform and worry about its cost .
But it is also integral to our identity as Canadians .
Ask what makes us a people and the majority will cite government - administered , publicly funded healthcare .
Along with the French fact , it is also what differentiates us from you – though we wish , for your sake , that it did n’t .
Like our Conservative Party , your Republicans really do take the people for fools .
The GOP expects you to believe that one woman denigrating Canadian healthcare speaks for all of us .
Even if her story were factually accurate – and apparently it is not – opponents of healthcare reform have claimed that her experience is typical .
It ’s a surreal if sadly unsurprising experience to watch Republicans in Congress stand up and outright lie about my country , but that ’s what ’s happening .
So if you have the sense that Canadians routinely rush to the U.S. for MRIs and that those who do n’t are dropping dead on a daily basis , well , think again .
As former Liberal health minister Ujjal Dosanjh has pointed out on CNN , the Canadian system is not run by nameless , faceless bureaucrats who decide whether or not you are worthy enough to receive treatment .
Actually , that sounds rather closer to a description of how your HMOs operate .
In Canada , where healthcare is not private enterprise , medical decisions are made by doctors .
Of course , when you or a loved one is sick , it ’s a scary time , and everyone would prefer to be treated right away .
And I know from personal experience that if your life is in danger , that ’s exactly what happens .
Half a lifetime ago , my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer .
Her doctor did not put her on a waiting list .
She did not go south to receive more timely , better treatment in the U.S. Instead , she was diagnosed late one Monday afternoon then had a mastectomy the very next day .
That ’s the way it works in Canada : her condition was deemed so serious that she received immediate care – and of course her operation , stay in hospital , and subsequent treatment were paid for by the state .
No one asked if my mother had insurance or ran a credit check to ensure she could afford to stay alive .
The Canadian healthcare system is not flawless .
Particularly in rural areas , we have shortages of doctors .
It can sometimes take a while to get an appointment if your condition is n’t acute .
We do n’t do a great job of promoting preventative medicine .
But despite what you ’ve heard from Shona Holmes , most Canadians believe that our system is one of the best in the world , and we ’re rather horrified that millions of Americans are uninsured .
As a proud Canadian I ’m sick and tired of the lies Republicans tell about our healthcare system to avoid reforming yours for ideological and partisan political reasons that we consider perverse .
They did the same thing when the Clinton administration made its attempt , and alarmingly , the tactic seems to work : Bill and Hilary failed in ‘ 94 and now polls are indicating that Obama ’s popularity is slipping , that his push for reform is stalling .
It was n’t any easier for us to muster the political will needed to implement universal healthcare in Canada .
In the 1960s both provincial and federal administrations faced determined opposition ; in Saskatchewan there was even a doctor ’s strike .
But both the Saskatchewan government of Premier Tommy Douglas and , subsequently , the Canadian government of Prime Minister Lester Pearson persevered to the benefit of all Canadians .
Now doctors are among the most vocal supporters of universal healthcare .
Do n’t squander the opportunity to do what ’s right because of Shona Holmes .
Shona Holmes does not speak for Canadians .
I ’m sorry the woman was sick , but that does n’t make her an expert on healthcare or give her the right to condemn our system .
I do n’t know Ms. Holmes personally so I can’t really comment on what motivates her , but rest assured , the other 33.7 million of us Canadians are not Shona Holmes .
The Republicans paid that woman to lie to Americans about Canada , and both of us deserve better than that .
St. Charles man 's drowning death result of heroic effort to save kids
Marty Jordan held tight to his family as the waves crashed around him .
He was all they had standing between them and death .
And he had to give everything to keep them from it .
The will behind the effort came from a life dedicated to helping others survive .
Even as a child , his nine siblings agreed Marty Jordan , of St. Charles , had the biggest heart of all of them .
That heart manifested into a career as a social worker for 25 years , helping countless people navigate the obstacles in their lives .
As deep , churning waters of a Lake Michigan rip current sucked them farther and farther from shore it was his own family who called on that heart .
The day began as the climax to a family vacation in South Haven , Mich .
Several members of the Jordan clan were there , including Jordan 's sister , Mary , of Streamwood , and his brother , Dan , of Oak Park .
They had all brought their children , 10 total , to a classic baseball game played under turn - of - the - century rules .
The game was played on a field that overlooked a beach with a pier that stretched far out into Lake Michigan .
It was a beach all of the family had been to many times during years of vacations , making it a natural destination for the end of the day .
The families set up in the sand about 75 yards away from the pier .
It had been drizzling rain much of the day , but now the skies were clear .
Only a gusting wind remained , hitting speeds of 30 mph .
Beaches and water , plus young children , make it almost impossible to stay out of the water .
In fact , there were dozens of people also on the beach who were already in - or had been in - the water .
Earlier in the day , local rescue officials had been called twice to help pull people out of a powerful rip current near the pier .
But Jordan and his family knew nothing about it .
There were no lifeguards present and signs posted about possible rip currents at various points on the beach were not seen by Jordan and his family , nor witnesses interviewed about the incident .
So Marty Jordan , 45 , headed out into the waves .
With him were five children : his 9 - year - old son , Jack Patrick Jordan ; three nieces ( Lauren Gaborek , 16 ; Jordan Mattas , 9 , and Cami Jordan , 11 ) , and one nephew , 8 - year - old Jack William Jordan .
It was all fun at first .
Having been there many times before , the kids all knew to stay away from the pier for fear of being tossed into it by a wave .
But on this day , the lake waters did not give them the option .
The gusting winds spawned waves larger than the children were accustomed to .
The swelling water soon sucked Marty Jordan and the children closer and closer while pushing them farther out into the lake .
At first the pull was mild , then a jet stream of water began to work on them .
As it became clear they were in trouble , Marty Jordan bellowed , " You need to help us ! "
But it was so windy , his relatives on the beach could not hear him .
Soon , they were so close to the pier it became as much of a rescue option as it was a threat .
Bystanders who could see the danger tossed life preservers into the water .
Seeing that , Scott Mattas , of Streamwood , Jordan 's brother - in - law , ran into the water to help .
The youngest of all , Jack William , was in the most trouble .
With little weight or swimming strength to anchor him , the foamy waves yanked the 8 - year - old out into the lake faster .
His sister , Lauren , already in the water , latched onto him and fought her way toward the pier , collecting Jordan Mattas along the way .
They were able to make their way to a ladder at the pier where bystanders began hoisting them out of the water .
Meanwhile , Marty Jordan was in a fight of his own .
He 'd managed to catch hold of his son and his niece , Cami .
" Hold on for your lives , " he told the children as he began his own exhausting swim to the pier with the two bigger children in tow .
On the beach , Marty Jordan 's brother , Dan , called 911 .
The rest of the family , including Marty 's wife , Maureen , huddled as they watched and prayed .
" We were hoping for a miracle , " Dan Jordan said .
As the children reached the ladder of the pier they looked back .
Marty Jordan , their dad and uncle , disappeared under the waves with a last push of the children onto the ladder .
A bystander jumped in the water to help him .
Marty Jordan stretched out and hooked his fingers around the ladder , but the waves knocked him loose .
When he surfaced again , Jordan was unconscious .
Rescue workers arrived and pulled him out of the water .
But it was too late .
The children were safe , but the hero was gone .
" We were all there having a good time , then , within seconds , it all changed , " Dan Jordan said .
" It became the worst day of our lives .
We watched the worst event you can imagine . "
South Haven Community Hospital pronounced Marty Jordan dead less than two hours after the family arrived at the beach .
He leaves behind his wife , his oldest son Jack , his 5 - year - old son , Liam , and his 4 - year - old daughter , Caroline .
Funeral services were still being arranged late Monday afternoon .
The Seo On Page are those web positioning techniques related to our website .
Mostly they are those techniques that only depend on us .
To understand and learn this type of SEO from scratch , it is necessary to know some basic terminology of the SEO world .
For this reason , we find it convenient to start this article with what could be a basic glossary of the 10 concepts to be clear about before entering the world of SEO On Page , and , ultimately , SEO in general .
DOMAIN : It is an Internet address of a website .
Each domain can have one or many URLs .
URL : It is each of the pages that is within a web .
Each one has a different name – as if it were a license plate – and the search engines understand them as different pages , and , in this way , crawl them individually .
Google , to give an example of a search engine and taking advantage of the fact that in India more than 95 % of people use it to perform searches , it understands that a URL must have a different content than the rest of the URLs of a website since it tracks them as pages different even though they are under the same domain .
For this reason it is a great opportunity to position a page on our website for a set of specific searches since each URL can satisfy different searches .
In addition , the URL serves to advance to Google the content that a certain page has .
It is recommended , therefore , to use friendly URLs that are all those that , instead of numbers or letters without meaning , have in their own URL the meaning of what they are or what they speak .
Another tip is that the URL is as clean as possible since you have to think about future user searches .
That said , it ’s best not to use accents in your URLs .
EMD ( Exact Match Domine ) :
It consists of registering a domain with the exact word that interests you to position yourself in the search engines .
Formerly it was widely used but currently it is a bad practice unless it is the brand name that then it would be good to use it for the domain .
There are other more efficient ways to position a website without buying the exact domain .
GOOGLE ROBOTS :
The robots or , in other words , the Google spider ( the spider ) visit our website constantly .
They browse our URLs and store and analyze the content they find to later show it in search engines .
Robots always visit websites more frequently than usual in their first days of creation .
It is likely that in a single day they will be able to crawl the entire website if it consists of a total of approximately 60 URLs .
INDEX : As we have commented in the previous point , Google crawls and analyzes the content of web pages to store them and then display them in a kind of index .
This last process described is that of indexing .
The time it can take Google to refresh a page ranges from minutes to a couple of days .
It all depends on the frequency of updating and the notoriety of the page , although the indexing of the page can also be forced through the Google tool for webmasters Search Console .
In addition , we can also force the opposite , that Google does not show and t’indexi your page or part of it in its search engine .
Another very useful tool to find out if our website is indexed in Google is the site command , which is nothing more than putting “ site : ” in Google followed by your domain .
In this way we will know , by Google itself , how many pages it has of our website .
KEYWORDS :
They are a set of words or word related to a possible search .
Each keyword is positioned for a possible search .
As we discussed earlier , each URL on a page can compete or rank for multiple keywords .
These words should appear especially if you want to position yourself in the H1 and in the content of the page .
METAKEYWORDS :
It was a hidden text field , a kind of tags , which formerly helped to position .
Currently , Google since 2009 no longer takes them into account due to a malpractice made by some users who put many words that had nothing to do with the content of the article just in order to position themselves well above .
But not only is the disappearance of the importance of metakeywords due to keyword stuffing , but Google is becoming more semantic and its robots now only trust what they read on each page , that is , its content .
METATITLE and Meta description :
It is the title and description that appears in Google of a specific URL .
It is a field that must be written thinking that it satisfies the maximum number of searches possible .
It should always be filled in since , in the case of the Meta description , if not G
Illustration by Belle Mellor
A RECENT American television advertisement features a series of trustworthy - looking individuals affirming their faith in the potential of “ clean coal ” .
One by one , a sensible old lady in a hat , a lab - coated scientist standing by a microscope , a fresh - faced young schoolteacher , a weather - beaten farmer and a can - do machinist face the camera square - on and declare , “ I believe . ”
The idea that clean coal , or to be more specific , a technology known as carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) , will save the world from global warming has become something of an article of faith among policymakers too .
CCS features prominently in all the main blueprints for reducing greenhouse - gas emissions .
The Stern Review , a celebrated report on the economics of climate change , considers it “ essential ” .
It provides one of the seven tranches of emissions cuts proposed by Robert Socolow of Princeton University .
The International Energy Agency ( IEA ) reckons the world will need over 200 power plants equipped with CCS by 2030 to limit the rise in average global temperatures to about 3 °C — a bigger increase than many scientists would like .
Politicians have duly lined up behind the idea .
Barack Obama talked up CCS during last year 's election .
Gordon Brown , Britain 's prime minister , has said the technology is necessary “ if we are to have any chance of meeting our global climate goals ” .
The leaders of the G8 , a rich - country club , want it to be widespread by 2020 .
Despite all this enthusiasm , however , there is not a single big power plant using CCS anywhere in the world .
Utilities refuse to build any , since the technology is expensive and unproven .
Advocates insist that the price will come down with time and experience , but it is hard to say by how much , or who should bear the extra cost in the meantime .
Green pressure groups worry that captured carbon will eventually leak .
In short , the world 's leaders are counting on a fix for climate change that is at best uncertain and at worst unworkable .
CCS sounds beguilingly simple .
It entails isolating carbon dioxide wherever it is produced in large quantities , such as the smokestacks of coal - fired power plants , compressing it and pumping it underground .
The oil and chemical industries already use most of the processes that this involves , although not in combination .
And oil , gas and salt water seem to stay put in certain rock formations indefinitely , suggesting that carbon dioxide should as well .
CCS particularly appeals to politicians reluctant to limit the use of coal .
Coal is the dirtiest of fossil fuels , and burning it releases roughly twice as much carbon dioxide as burning natural gas .
The world will struggle to cut greenhouse - gas emissions dramatically if it continues to burn coal as it does today .
Yet burning coal is one of the cheapest ways to generate power .
In America , Australia , China , Germany and India coal provides half or more of the power supply and lots of jobs ( see chart ) .
Rejecting cheap , indigenous fuel for job cuts and international energy markets is seen , naturally enough , as political suicide .
CCS offers a way out of this impasse .
In a purely technical sense , CCS looks promising .
There are several proven ways to isolate carbon dioxide from fossil fuels , using a variety of combustion techniques and an assortment of chemical “ scrubbers ” to react with the gas .
Oil firms , meanwhile , have long experience of pumping carbon dioxide into reservoirs to increase their pressure and thus squeeze out more fuel .
To that end , Exxon Mobil runs the world 's biggest carbon - capture facility , at La Barge , Wyoming .
America boasts a network of 5,800 km ( 3,600 miles ) of pipes to carry carbon dioxide from such facilities to the oil - and gasfields where it is needed .
For the most part , oil firms do not worry what happens to the carbon dioxide used in this way after they have got hold of their oil and gas .
But in recent years a few of them have launched projects to test whether it stays underground .
The oldest project , Sleipner , off the coast of Norway , has been up and running for 13 years without any sign of leaks .
Last year Vattenfall , a Swedish utility , opened the first power plant to incorporate CCS at Schwarze Pumpe , in Germany .
It is only a pilot project , less than a twentieth of the size of most modern coal - fired plants .
But so far , Vattenfall says , it is working fine .
Several other firms hope to start pilot plants on a similar scale this year .
Money for nothing
The problem with CCS is the cost .
The chemical steps in the capture consume energy , as do the compression and transport of the carbon dioxide .
That will use up a quarter or more of the output of a power station fitted with CCS , according to most estimates .
So plants with CCS will need to be at least a third bigger than normal ones to generate the same net amount of power , and will also consume at least a third more fuel .
In addition , there is the extra expense of building the capture plant and the injection pipelines .
If the storage site is far from the power plant , yet more energy will be needed to move the carbon dioxide .
Estimates of the total cost vary widely .
America 's government , which had vowed to build a prototype plant called FutureGen in partnership with several big resources firms , scrapped the project last year after the projected cost rose to $ 1.8 billion .
Philippe Paelinck , of Alstom , an engineering firm that hopes to build CCS plants , thinks a full - scale one would cost about € 1 billion ( $ 1.3 billion ) .
In 2005 the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , a group of scientists that advises the United Nations on global warming , came up with a range of $ 14 - 91 for each tonne of emissions avoided through CCS .
Last year , the IEA suggested that the price for the first big plants would be $ 40 - 90 .
McKinsey , a consultancy , has arrived at an estimate of € 60 - 90 , or $ 75 - 115 .
Either way , that is more than the price of emissions in the European Union : about € 10 a tonne .
America does not have a carbon price at all yet .
A bill defeated last year in the Senate would have yielded a carbon price as low as $ 30 in 2020 , according to an official analysis .
So CCS might not be financially worthwhile for years to come .
Analysts assume that the price of emissions will rise , as governments impose tighter restrictions , and that the price of CCS will fall , as engineers learn how to do it more cheaply .
The IEA , for example , predicts CCS will cost just $ 35 - 60 per tonne of emissions reductions by 2030 .
McKinsey foresees a price of € 30 - 45 when the technology is mature , some time after 2030 .
Fingers crossed
But these estimates entail some generous assumptions .
McKinsey , for example , imagines that CCS plants will break down no more often than normal coal plants , despite their more complicated machinery .
It assumes that the average cost of capital for CCS plants will be no more than 8 % .
And it projects that costs will fall by 12 % for every doubling in capacity .
That is roughly the same rate as for wind power , even though most of the processes in CCS are already widely used in other industries , suggesting that the scope for improvement is slender .
Greenpeace , a pressure group , argues that it is impossible to be certain that carbon dioxide will not eventually leak out of the ground .
Carbon dioxide forms an acid when it dissolves in water .
This acid can react with minerals to form carbonates , locking away the carbon in a relatively inert state .
But it can also eat through the man -made seals or geological strata intended to keep it in place .
A leakage rate of just 1 % a year , Greenpeace points out , would lead to 63 % of the carbon dioxide stored in any given reservoir being released within 100 years , almost entirely undoing the supposed environmental benefit .
Illustration by Belle Mellor
Spills would also be a health risk , since carbon dioxide is heavier than air , and so can build up in low - lying or poorly ventilated spots .
Earlier this year , Zurich Financial Services said it would offer insurance for CCS plants and storage sites while they were operating , and for a limited time thereafter .
But CCS advocates all assume that governments will eventually take charge of reservoirs , along with all the monitoring costs and legal liabilities .
America 's lawmakers went a step further , and agreed to insure the proposed FutureGen plant and to indemnify the firms behind it from all lawsuits arising from leaks .
Last year the EU passed a law requiring its members to draw up rules for CCS .
In theory these should be in place within two years , although such deadlines often pass unmet .
At a minimum , governments are supposed to lay down criteria for selecting storage sites and to set standards for monitoring , financial guarantees , safety and so on .
If the safety regulations require stored carbon dioxide to be pure , for example , they would add to the cost of CCS , points out Anthony Hobley , of Norton Rose , a law firm .
Meanwhile , those considering CCS plants in poor countries cannot earn UN - backed carbon credits , since the Kyoto protocol , the UN 's treaty on climate change , makes no provision for the technology .
All this uncertainty and expense has doubtless put off utilities .
Omar Abbosh , of Accenture , a consultancy , says that carbon trading as practised in the EU and contemplated in America does not give enough certainty about future carbon prices to justify an investment in a CCS plant .
Mr Paelinck of Alstom agrees : no board would risk spending € 1 billion on one , he says , without generous subsidies .
Statoil Hydro , the Norwegian firm behind the Sleipner project , says that even with Norway 's heavy carbon tax , which last summer reached over € 40 a tonne , CCS does not make financial sense .
Hydrogen Energy International , a joint venture between two big resource firms , Rio Tinto and BP , says that its proposed CCS plant in California will need extra subsidies , even though the state is imposing a carbon price and the project will earn revenues from enhanced oil recovery .
Many governments are offering lavish handouts .
America 's stimulus bill set aside $ 3.4 billion for CCS .
Earlier this year the EU proposed spending € 1.25 billion on a few demonstration plants .
It has also said it will give some 300 m emissions permits , now worth around € 3 billion , to the operators of CCS plants .
Australia , Britain and Norway , among others , also plan to help pay for CCS projects .
Yet CCS 's expected advent keeps receding .
FutureGen was scheduled for 2012 , but has now been scrapped in favour of several smaller projects that have yet to be selected .
Britain 's subsidised plant has suffered repeated delays .
In 2007 the IEA called for 20 plants to be under way by 2010 — a goal that seems certain to be missed .
CCS 's boosters now talk of the first full - scale plant being ready by 2015 or so .
Al Gore , America 's green conscience , does not see CCS working commercially “ in the near term or even the medium term ” .
Sam Laidlaw , the boss of Centrica , a British utility , thinks it will take at least 15 years , and probably 20 , to roll out CCS plants in large numbers .
By contrast , Centrica is keen to invest in nuclear plants right away , without any subsidy .
Greenpeace argues that CCS will never be competitive , since other low - carbon technologies , such as wind power , are already cheaper and becoming more so as time passes .
It is hard to square these views with the G8's ambition for widespread CCS by 2020 , or the IEA 's call for 200 plants by 2030 .
Some sceptics feel so strongly they have started airing advertisements of their own to lambast CCS .
In one of them , an engineer with a hard hat and a clipboard promises a tour of a “ state - of - the - art clean - coal facility ” .
He pushes open a factory door to reveal a patch of barren scrubland ; the factory , it turns out , is just a façade .
“ Amazing ! ” he shouts , gesturing at the empty space .
It is a fairly accurate portrait .
For the moment , at least , CCS is mostly hot air .
WASHINGTON  Congressional Democrats said Thursday that they intended to push the Obama administration to back away from its deal with the drug industry to cap its share of the costs in a health care overhaul .
A spokesman for Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she stood by her position that the House was not bound by any such agreement .
Ms. Pelosi supports
House efforts “ to squeeze more money out of the system , including from the pharmaceutical industry , ” her spokesman , Nadeam Elshami , said in a statement .
Representative Henry A. Waxman , the California Democrat who heads the Energy and Commerce Committee and helped write the House health care bill , vowed to fight the White House , asserting that it was conceding too much to the powerful drug industry lobby , PhRMA .
“ PhRMA would like to see if they can get a bargain , ” Mr. Waxman said .
“ I think that PhRMA should contribute more than PhRMA wants to contribute . ”
Anything You ’d Like to Apologize For , ‘ Morning Joe ? ’
Created : July 10 , 2009 12:06 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Much remains unclear about the substance of the “ significant actions ” that CIA Director Leon Panetta conceded that the agency did n’t sufficiently brief to Congress .
What ’s absolutely crystal clear is that for days on end , MSNBC ’s Joe Scarborough popped off at the mouth about how the CIA would never ever never mislead Congress and how House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) “ needs to shut up ” instead of saying otherwise .
Just check out this new Media Matters video ( after the jump ) .
I carry no brief for Pelosi , and Pelosi could indeed be misrepresenting what CIA actually briefed to her , even though the additional questions about its briefing schedule are numerous .
But if Scarborough had bothered reading , say , an acclaimed history of the CIA , he would immediately see that it ’s extremely well documented that the CIA has often misled Congress about sensitive intelligence programs .
Basic due diligence , unfortunately , would get in the way of his preferred storyline , so do n’t expect anything like this latest self - induced humiliation to prompt an on-air reflection of the way “ Morning Joe ” operates .
The unaccountable ability of some cable TV hosts to just pretend to their audiences like they know what they ’re talking about is really staggering .
–
* You can follow TWI on Twitter and Facebook . *
Practical Padding Oracle Attacks
This paper discusses how cryptography is misused in the security design of a large part of the Web .
Our focus is on ASP .
NET , the web application framework developed by Microsoft that powers 25 % of all Internet web sites .
We show that attackers can abuse multiple cryptographic design flaws to compromise ASP.
NET web applications .
We describe practical and highly efficient attacks that allow attackers to steal cryptographic secret keys and forge authentication tokens to access sensitive information .
The attacks combine decryption oracles , unauthenticated encryptions , and the reuse of keys for different encryption purposes .
Finally , we give some reasons why cryptography is often misused in web technologies , and recommend steps to avoid these mistakes .
2011 IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy - Cryptography in the Web : The Case of Cryptographic Design Flaws in ASP.NET
ekoparty 2010 slides - The ASP.
NET Vulnerability
At Eurocrypt 2002 , Vaudenay introduced a powerful side - channel attack , which is called padding oracle attack , against CBC - mode encryption .
By giving an oracle which on receipt of a ciphertext , decrypting it and then replying to the sender whether the padding is correct or not , he shows that is possible to efficiently decrypt data without knowing the encryption key .
In this paper , we turn the padding oracle attack into a new set of practical web hacking techniques .
WOOT '10 4th USENIX Workshop on Offensive Technologies
Blackhat Europe 2010 slides
Superman and Batman took on New York ’s Finest last night in an epic Crossroads of the World battle that left the Caped Crusader in cuffs .
Stunned Times Square tourists and office workers watched agog as cops struggled to subdue Clark Kent ’s alter ego without kryptonite .
“ The Man of Steel did n’t go down with just two officers , it took seven officers ! ” witness Ryan McCormick said .
“ He was putting up a good fight .
Little kids were like , ‘ Mommy , it ’s Superman ! ’ ”
If that was n’t weird enough , McCormick turned and saw the Dark Knight handcuffed to a chair like a common villain .
“ As this was happening , someone is like , ‘ It ’s Batman ! ’
I turn around and there ’s Batman in handcuffs , ” he said .
Superman , aka Maksim Katsnelson , 23 , of The Bronx , was arrested and charged with assault and resisting arrested , police said , accusing him of punching a female officer in the face while she was trying to subdue him .
The incident occurred when cops approached Katsnelson , who was panhandling , and asked him for ID .
When Katsnelson said he did n’t have any ID , cops continued to ask him questions , sources said .
That ’s when Katsnelson punched the female officer , sources said .
“ He freaked out and punched the girl cop in the face , ” Batman said later .
Cops cuffed Batman , actually Frank Frisoli , but let him go because he did n’t cause any problems , he told The Post .
The Maine resident , who has been visiting the city for two weeks , said the two had dressed up as the super heroes for laughs .
“ We were just having a good time , ” Frisoli said .
Their comic - book adventure went awry when cops approached the dynamic duo on 43rd Street to see whether they had the required license to perform in costume in public , Frisoli said .
When they said no , cops asked for IDs .
Again , they answered no , which prompted cops to handcuff Batman .
That ’s when Superman took off , screaming , “ I ’m not getting arrested . ”
But a crowd of police took him down and brought him to a special Fortress of Solitude — the Midtown South station house .
Meanwhile , Batman left with another costumed character , said Melba Williams , a tourist from Tennessee .
“ He walked off with the Statue of Liberty . ”
Additional reporting by Philip Messing
jennifer.fermino@nypost.com
FREE SHIPPING TO BUSINESS ADDRESSES ON ALL TK TRAILER KITS
Illustration by Jon Berkerly
OF ALL the economic bubbles that have been pricked , few have burst more spectacularly than the reputation of economics itself .
A few years ago , the dismal science was being acclaimed as a way of explaining ever more forms of human behaviour , from drug - dealing to sumo - wrestling .
Wall Street ransacked the best universities for game theorists and options modellers .
And on the public stage , economists were seen as far more trustworthy than politicians .
John McCain joked that Alan Greenspan , then chairman of the Federal Reserve , was so indispensable that if he died , the president should “ prop him up and put a pair of dark glasses on him . ”
In the wake of the biggest economic calamity in 80 years that reputation has taken a beating .
In the public mind an arrogant profession has been humbled .
Though economists are still at the centre of the policy debate — think of Ben Bernanke or Larry Summers in America or Mervyn King in Britain — their pronouncements are viewed with more scepticism than before .
The profession itself is suffering from guilt and rancour .
In a recent lecture , Paul Krugman , winner of the Nobel prize in economics in 2008 , argued that much of the past 30 years of macroeconomics was “ spectacularly useless at best , and positively harmful at worst . ”
Barry Eichengreen , a prominent American economic historian , says the crisis has “ cast into doubt much of what we thought we knew about economics . ”
In its crudest form — the idea that economics as a whole is discredited — the current backlash has gone far too far .
If ignorance allowed investors and politicians to exaggerate the virtues of economics , it now blinds them to its benefits .
Economics is less a slavish creed than a prism through which to understand the world .
It is a broad canon , stretching from theories to explain how prices are determined to how economies grow .
Much of that body of knowledge has no link to the financial crisis and remains as useful as ever .
And if economics as a broad discipline deserves a robust defence , so does the free - market paradigm .
Too many people , especially in Europe , equate mistakes made by economists with a failure of economic liberalism .
Their logic seems to be that if economists got things wrong , then politicians will do better .
That is a false — and dangerous — conclusion .
Rational fools
These important caveats , however , should not obscure the fact that two central parts of the discipline — macroeconomics and financial economics — are now , rightly , being severely re-examined ( see article , article ) .
There are three main critiques : that macro and financial economists helped cause the crisis , that they failed to spot it , and that they have no idea how to fix it .
The first charge is half right .
Macroeconomists , especially within central banks , were too fixated on taming inflation and too cavalier about asset bubbles .
Financial economists , meanwhile , formalised theories of the efficiency of markets , fuelling the notion that markets would regulate themselves and financial innovation was always beneficial .
Wall Street 's most esoteric instruments were built on these ideas .
But economists were hardly naive believers in market efficiency .
Financial academics have spent much of the past 30 years poking holes in the “ efficient market hypothesis ” .
A recent ranking of academic economists was topped by Joseph Stiglitz and Andrei Shleifer , two prominent hole - pokers .
A newly prominent field , behavioural economics , concentrates on the consequences of irrational actions .
So there were caveats aplenty .
But as insights from academia arrived in the rough and tumble of Wall Street , such delicacies were put aside .
And absurd assumptions were added .
No economic theory suggests you should value mortgage derivatives on the basis that house prices would always rise .
Finance professors are not to blame for this , but they might have shouted more loudly that their insights were being misused .
Instead many cheered the party along ( often from within banks ) .
Put that together with the complacency of the macroeconomists and there were too few voices shouting stop .
Blindsided and divided
The charge that most economists failed to see the crisis coming also has merit .
To be sure , some warned of trouble .
The likes of Robert Shiller of Yale , Nouriel Roubini of New York University and the team at the Bank for International Settlements are now famous for their prescience .
But most were blindsided .
And even worrywarts who felt something was amiss had no idea of how bad the consequences would be .
That was partly to do with professional silos , which limited both the tools available and the imaginations of the practitioners .
Few financial economists thought much about illiquidity or counterparty risk , for instance , because their standard models ignore it ; and few worried about the effect on the overall economy of the markets for all asset classes seizing up simultaneously , since few believed that was possible .
Macroeconomists also had a blindspot : their standard models assumed that capital markets work perfectly .
Their framework reflected an uneasy truce between the intellectual heirs of Keynes , who accept that economies can fall short of their potential , and purists who hold that supply must always equal demand .
The models that epitomise this synthesis — the sort used in many central banks — incorporate imperfections in labour markets ( “ sticky ” wages , for instance , which allow unemployment to rise ) , but make no room for such blemishes in finance .
By assuming that capital markets worked perfectly , macroeconomists were largely able to ignore the economy 's financial plumbing .
But models that ignored finance had little chance of spotting a calamity that stemmed from it .
What about trying to fix it ?
Here the financial crisis has blown apart the fragile consensus between purists and Keynesians that monetary policy was the best way to smooth the business cycle .
In many countries short - term interest rates are near zero and in a banking crisis monetary policy works less well .
With their compromise tool useless , both sides have retreated to their roots , ignoring the other camp 's ideas .
Keynesians , such as Mr Krugman , have become uncritical supporters of fiscal stimulus .
Purists are vocal opponents .
To outsiders , the cacophony underlines the profession 's uselessness .
Add these criticisms together and there is a clear case for reinvention , especially in macroeconomics .
Just as the Depression spawned Keynesianism , and the 1970s stagflation fuelled a backlash , creative destruction is already under way .
Central banks are busy bolting crude analyses of financial markets onto their workhorse models .
Financial economists are studying the way that incentives can skew market efficiency .
And today 's dilemmas are prompting new research : which form of fiscal stimulus is most effective ?
How do you best loosen monetary policy when interest rates are at zero ?
And so on .
But a broader change in mindset is still needed .
Economists need to reach out from their specialised silos : macroeconomists must understand finance , and finance professors need to think harder about the context within which markets work .
And everybody needs to work harder on understanding asset bubbles and what happens when they burst .
For in the end economists are social scientists , trying to understand the real world .
And the financial crisis has changed that world .
Big oil sure is taking this whole climate change legislation thing seriously .
Besides organizing " citizen " rallies against impending cap - and - trade legislation , it looks like industry association American Petroleum Institute is getting agressive on Capitol Hill .
API increased its lobbying expenditures 82 % in the second quarter , spending nearly $ 1.9 million to make the Senate 's climate - change bill less painful and reduce new taxes on drilling , among other issues .
Associated Press : The American Petroleum Institute , the oil industry trade group , increased its lobbying spending 82 percent in the second quarter from a year ago working on issues such as climate - change legislation and increasing access to oil and gas resources , according to a recent disclosure form .
The Washington - based organization spent nearly $ 1.9 million on lobbying in the April - June period , up from about $ 1 million a year earlier , according to a recent disclosure form filed with the House clerk 's office .
API 's spending in the most - recent quarter was slightly higher than its $ 1.8 million tab for the first quarter of 2009 .
API and its members - which range from oil majors to small independent producers - have markedly increased spending on lobbying this year as they try to blunt the impact of pending climate - change legislation and new taxes on drilling .
The organization says the House version of the climate bill passed earlier this summer would cause fuel prices to rise and eliminate jobs .
In addition , the industry is pushing for more drilling access on the U.S. Outer Continental Shelf .
In the second quarter , API lobbied on a variety of issues , including the forthcoming U.S. budget , oil - spill prevention and energy taxes , according to the disclosure form filed July 20 with the House clerk 's office .
Besides Congress , API lobbied the departments of Interior , Energy , State , Transportation , Agriculture , Defense and Homeland Security , as well as the Internal Revenue Service , Environmental Protection Agency and the White House .
I made a flow chart , that we might better understand .
Once upon a time I was falling in love , and now I ’m only falling apart .
Easily Bake Up Some Cancer with Disney !
Enjoy Tasty Cancer
Thanks to Disney !
Seriously Disney , WTF !?
Think this is fake ?
Click here and check for yourself , before they remove it !
Funny pic , yet so sad .
It ’s amazing the bullshit that corporations pull to make money .
This is probably an all time low though .
Disney might as well just sell cancer juice from concentrate to kids .
Generated mail is a pretty old idea .
In Shakespeare ’s “ Julius Caesar , ” Brutus is persuaded to assassinate Caesar in part by letters of support from the public  letters that were actually faked by Cassius “ in several hands ... as if they came from several citizens . ”
More recently , a Washington lobbying firm working for the coal industry was caught sending bogus letters to members of Congress  supposedly from community organizations  urging them to oppose the House cap - and - trade bill .
Such brazen fraud is rare , though , and politicians are usually pretty savvy about seeing through it .
More effective are campaigns aimed at generating news coverage to convince people that many other people hold a certain position .
This is what Republicans are now accused of doing .
What ’s unclear is how this differs from old - fashioned political organizing .
American history is littered with movements that have organized aggressively to exaggerate their sway .
Samuel Adams was a master manipulator of the town hall , rallying opponents of British policy to show up at meetings and then publicizing the outcomes  communicated through the colonies ’
Committees of Correspondence  to embolden patriots in other towns .
While one might resist drawing a moral equivalence between our founding fathers and today ’s self - proclaimed Tea Partiers , the principle is the same : outraged citizens married to savvy organizers .
One reason the town hall protesters are called Astroturf is that they have ties to groups with corporate financing like FreedomWorks , run by Dick Armey , the former House majority leader .
But the Obama administration has been doing its own stage managing .
At a town hall in Virginia last month , the president took questions from members of organizations with close ties to the administration , including the Service Employees International Union and Organizing for America , which is a part of the Democratic National Committee .
The Web site of another liberal group , Health Care for America Now , instructs counter - protesters to “ bring enough people to drown ” out the Tea Partiers .
Is this Astroturf ?
Here ’s a rule : Organizing is n’t cheating .
Doing everything in your power to get your people to show up is basic politics .
If they believe what they ’re saying , no matter who helped organize them , they ’re citizens and activists .
The language at the town halls may get ugly and rough .
But it ’s not Astroturf .
* Vice minister sees dollar pre-eminence for years to come
* Idea of new reserve currency is ‘ academic discussion ’
* China appreciates U.S. govt efforts for stable dollar
( Adds details , quotes , background )
ROME , July 5 ( Reuters ) - Chinese Vice Foreign Minister
He Yafei said on Sunday the U.S. dollar would continue to be the world ’s leading reserve currency for years to come .
“ The U.S. dollar is still the most important and major reserve currency of the day , and we believe that that situation will continue for many years to come , ” He told a news briefing in Rome before this week ’s Group of Eight summit .
Beijing has floated the idea of an alternative to the dollar as global reserve currency and wants the topic broached at the summit starting in Italy on Wednesday .
The vice minister said Chinese officials had voiced concern about the safety of the country ’s dollar - denominated assets .
“ That is natural , ” he said .
He said many other countries over the years had been calling for the stability of the U.S. dollar .
“ We appreciate the efforts made by the U.S. government in that direction , ” he said , adding that it was the responsibility of the government issuing the reserve currency to maintain its stability .
He said discussion about reserve currencies had intensified since the outbreak of the global financial crisis , which he said had revealed “ many shortcomings in the international monetary system ” .
However , he described this as an intellectual debate .
“ You may have heard comments , opinions from academic circles about the idea of establishing a super sovereign currency .
This is all , I believe , now a discussion among academics .
It is not the position of the Chinese government . ”
Zhou Xiaochuan , head of the Chinese central bank , launched the reserve currency debate last March when he said the SDR , the International Monetary Fund ’s unit of account , might one day displace the dollar .
Some diplomats and bankers suggest Zhou ’s primary aim was to highlight attention on concern expressed by Premier Wen Jiabao about the safety of China ’s huge dollar holdings -- at risk if U.S. policy turns to greater tolerance of inflation .
Bankers reckon China holds perhaps 70 percent of its $ 1.95 trillion in official currency reserves in the dollar .
( Reporting by Silvia Aloisi , editing by Mark Trevelyan )
As Apple suggests dire consequences could come from users hacking the iPhone , one well - publicized former App Store program has made the jump to hacked hardware only .
Developer Sean Kovacs was surprised on Monday to discover that his GV Mobile client for Google Voice was to be pulled from the App Store — even though it had been available there for months .
So , he responded this week by porting his once - paid application over to Cydia , the hacker software store for installing unapproved applications , for free .
If Apple is to be believed , those who " jailbreak " their phones to continue using GV Mobile could cause " potentially catastrophic " damage to cell phone towers , according to documents discovered by Wired .
Apple filed the statements with the U.S. Copyright Office , which is considering a request from the Electronic Frontier Foundation to legalize the jailbreaking of iPhones .
â A local or international hacker could potentially initiate commands ( such as a denial of service attack ) that could crash the tower software , rendering the tower entirely inoperable to process calls or transmit data , â Apple wrote .
â Taking control of the BBP software would be much the equivalent of getting inside the firewall of a corporate computer â to potentially catastrophic result .
â The technological protection measures were designed into the iPhone precisely to prevent these kinds of pernicious activities , and if granted , the jailbreaking exemption would open the door to them . "
Specifically , the EFF is asking for an exemption from the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act to allow users to install third - party applications on the iPhone not given approval by Apple or made available through the App Store .
According to an iTunes support representative cited by Kovacs , all Google Voice - related applications were pulled at the request of AT&T .
This included the rejection of another , similar application , along with Google 's own Voice software , from the App Store .
Earlier this month , Google released its first - party Google Voice applications for Android and the BlackBerry , but the iPhone was conspicuously absent .
When contacted by AppleInsider this week , a Google spokesperson declined to comment on the availability of GV Mobile on Cydia .
" We work hard to bring Google applications to a number of mobile platforms , including the iPhone , " the spokesperson said .
" Apple did not approve the Google Voice application we submitted six weeks ago to the Apple App Store .
We will continue to work to bring our services to iPhone users , for example by taking advantage of advances in mobile browsers . "
When GV Mobile was pulled from the App Store , Apple representative Richard Chipman contacted Kovacs personally .
But , according to Kovacs , the representative was not specific about what could be fixed , nor would he provide e-mail to confirm the takedown .
Originally called Grand Central , Google Voice is a service that allows consumers to control a variety of phone numbers via one , centralized number .
Through the configurable service , calls can be forwarded to or from any phone number and multiple phones can ring at once .
Seriously , cue up a primary challenger .
Research 2000 poll of the Tennessee 5th Congressional District for Daily Kos. 8/17 -19 .
Likely voters .
MoE 4 % ( no trend lines )
Favorable Unfavorable Jim Cooper 47 41
Barack Obama 66 25
Phil Bredesen 58 29
This is a Democratic district .
Obama won it easily 56 - 43 .
Even John Kerry won it in 2004 .
Yet Blue Dog kingpin Jim Cooper thinks being a pain in Obama 's ass is smart politics .
Well , look at those approval ratings , with Cooper lagging far behind the president 's and Phil Bredesen , his state 's Democratic governor .
Do you favor or oppose creating a new public health insurance plan that anyone can purchase ?
Favor Oppose All 61 28
Dem 80 11
Ind 64 26
GOP 20 65
Do you approve or disapprove of Congressman Jim Coopers ' actions on health care ?
Approve Disapprove All 31 60
Dem 16 77
Ind 26 60
GOP 68 27
Cooper is doing the GOP 's bidding .
Republicans love his work , Democrats and independents do n't .
And everyone in his district is well aware of the fact .
If the 2010 election for Congress were held today would you definitely vote to reelect Jim Cooper would you consider voting for another candidate or would you definitely vote to replace Cooper ?
Reelect 36
Consider 41
Replace 23
If Jim Cooper opposed a public health insurance option would that make you more or less likely to vote for him or would it have no real effect on your vote ?
More Less No effect All 13 34 53
Dem 9 47 44
Ind 12 36 52
GOP 23 7 70
Woah .
Anemic .
And among Democrats , those numbers are 44 reelect , 42 consider someone else , and 14 replace .
There is certainly an opening for a strong primary challenge .
Cooper is n't the lock many ( including him ) believe him to be .
And why are the natives restless ?
His long record of obstructing health care reform surely ranks among the reasons .
The public option polls strongly in Cooper 's district , yet he does n't seem to care .
While he 's supposed to represent his constituents , he seems more concerned with representing the insurance companies .
It 's more lucrative that way .
But the voters do have some say in the matter .
And not only are his reelect numbers in the gutter ( 36 % ?
Really ? ) , but nearly half of Democrats would be less likely to vote for him if he betrayed them yet again on another health care vote .
In a primary , that 's the ballgame .
Cooper has two options .
He can stop obstructing and get aboard the public option , or he should start gearing up for a tough primary in 2010 .
Then he can determine if all that insurance money is really worth the hassle .
Update : Headline fixed to reflect TN - 05 district , and numbers corrected in questions .
Thanks for the head 's up , folks .
SusanG
<? php
/*
* Source : http://www.pgregg.com/projects/php/code/showvalidemail.php
*
* Email Validation ( syntax / format only ) is frequently a hotly discussed
* topic on forums , irc channels and blogs .
Some people believe that to be
* " correct " your pattern should be RFC 822/2822 complient , others fall into
* the take anything camp .
* Personally , I believe a more liberal approach is necessary - the spirit of
* RFCs is " Be strict in what you send and liberal in what you receive " .
* Many email addresses might not be strictly to RFC pattern spec , but they
* work just fine , and in these days of multibyte characters and " foreign "
* character sets , the picture becomes a lot more complicated .
*
* This script was put together to test several different email syntax regex
* validation patterns that I 've come across on my travels - though mostly
* from the EfNet # php irc channel .
*
* Author and Copyright of this code : Paul Gregg , 2002 - 2008
* http://www.pgregg.com
* Copyright of the various patterns remain with the named authors .
*
*/
include " validate_email.inc.phps " ;
// is_email function from http://www.dominicsayers.com/isemail/
include " dominicsayers.php " ;
echo <<< EOPAGETOP
< html >< head >
< title > Email regex ?</ title >
< style type =" text /css " >
* {
margin : 10 px ;
padding : 2 px ;
}
body {
background : # f7f7f7 ;
//font-size : 12 px ;
font - family : tahoma ;
}
table.file_list {
border : solid 1px # ccc ;
width : 95 % ;
font - size : 12 px ;
margin : auto ;
}
table .file_list td {
padding : 3 px ;
}
table.file_list .a td {
background : #eee ;
}
table.file_list .b td {
background : # f7f7f7 ;
}
table.file_list .header td {
background : #ddd ;
font - weight : bold ;
}
table.file_list .N {
font - weight : bold ;
}
table.file_list .Y {
// font - weight : bold ;
}
</ style >
</head >
< body >
< p>Demonstrating why email regexs are ( mostly ) poor .</ p>
< p><b> Important notes</b>
< br> Email Validation ( syntax / format only ) is frequently a hotly discussed
topic on forums , irc channels and blogs .
Some people believe that to be
" correct " your pattern should be RFC 822/2822 complient , others fall into
the take anything camp .
Personally , I believe a more liberal approach is necessary - the spirit of
RFCs is " Be strict in what you send and liberal in what you receive " .
< br > Many email addresses might not be strictly to RFC pattern spec , but they
work just fine , and in these days of multibyte characters and " foreign "
character sets , the picture becomes a lot more complicated .
</ p>
EOPAGETOP ;
$ emailregex = array (
' pgregg\'s < a href=" validate_email.inc.phps " >validate_email</a >' => ' Function : ValidateEmail ' ,
' arpad ' => '/ [ ^@ ] @ ( ?:(?:[ a- z\d- ]+\. ) +[ a - z\d ]
{ 2,6}|\[(?:\d{1,3}\. ) {3}\d{1,3}\]) \z/si' ,
' Rejected ' => '/ [ A - Z0 - 9 ._%-]+@[ A - Z0 - 9 ._%-]+\.[ A - Z ] {2,4}/i' ,
' jome ' => '# ^.+@.+\..+$ #' ,
' Skiz ' => '/ ^( [ ^@\s ] + ) @ ( ( ?:[ -a - z0 - 9 ] +\. ) +[ a - z ] { 2 , } ) $ / ' ,
' Lazesharp ' => " #^[\w . %- ]+ @ [ \w . %- ]+ ( com|net|org|gov|edu|mil|int|arpa|aero|biz|coop|info|museum|name|pro|asia|cat|jobs|mail|mobi|post|tel|travel|xxx|co|me ) ( \. [ A - Z] {2} ) ? $ # ix " ,
' Shadda ' => " /^\w+@\w +(\.\w{2,3} )*\.\w+$ / " ,
' Shai - Tan ' => " /^\S+@[\w\d .-]{2,}\.[\w ]
{2,6}$ /iU " ,
' DaSourcerer ' => '/ ^( " ? ) ( ?i:[ a-z0-9!#\$ %&\'\*\+\-\/=\?\^_`\{\|\}~ ]+[ a-z0-9!#\$ %&\'\*\+\-\/=\?\^_`\{\|\}~\. ]*[ a-z0-9!#\$ %&\'\*\+\-\/=\?\^_`\{\|\}~ ] + ) \\1@(?i:[ a -z ] [ a - z0 - 9 \ -]+\. ) +( [a-z] {2}|com|org|net|biz|info|name|aero|biz|info|jobs|museum|name ) $ / ' ,
' Slynderdale ' => '# ^ [ a - z0 - 9 .!\#$ %&\'*+-/=?^_`{
|}~ ]+@( [ 0 - 9 . ] +| ( [ ^\s\ ' " < > ]+\.+[ a- z ] { 2,6} ) ) $#si ' ,
' cronus_ ' => " #\w + ( [-+.'] \w+)*@\w+([-.] \w+)*\.\w+([-.] \w+ ) *# " ,
' asonge ' => " /^[\w !#$ %&\'*+-\/=?^_`{|}~ ]+(?:\.[\w!#$ %&\'*+-\/=?^_`{|}~ ] + )*@(?:(?:(?:25 [0 - 5 ] |2[ 0 - 4 ] [ 0 - 9 ] |[ 01 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ? ) \. ) {3}(?:25[0 - 5 ]
|2[ 0 - 4 ] [ 0 - 9 ] |[ 01 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ? ) |(?:[ a-z0-9-]+\. )+(?:arpa|com|edu|gov|int|mil|net|org|biz|info|name|pro|aero|coop|museum|[a-z]{ 2} ) ) $ /i " ,
#'zfw_isEmail ' => ' Function:zfw_isEmail ' ,
' php- filter_var ' => ' Function : php_filter_var ' ,
' arpad2 ' => '/ ^\s*[\w+. " -]+@(?:(?:[ a - z\d ] +(?:-[ a - z\d ] + ) *\. ) +[ a - z\d ]
{ 2,6}|\[( ?:( 25 [ 0 - 5 ] |2[0 -4 ] \d| [ 01 ] ?\d?\d ) \. ) { 3}( 25[0 - 5 ]
|2[0 - 4] \d | [ 01 ] ?\d?\d ) \ ] ) \s*$ /si' ,
' NiteLiteW ' => " # ^[ a-z0 - 9 , !\#\$ %&'\*\+/=\?\^_`\{\|}~-]+(\.[ a-z0 -9 , !\#\$ %&'\*\+/=\?\^_`\{\|}~-]+)*@[ a-z0-9-]+( \. [ a- z0 - 9- ]+) *\.( [ a - z ] { 2 , } ) $ # " ,
' asonge2 ' => '/^(?:[ a-z0-9!#$%*\/?|^{}`~&\'+=_.-]+ | " ( ?:(?:\\\\\\\\ ) *\\\\ " | [ ^\\\\ " ] + ) * " ) @ ( ? :( \[ ) ( ?:(?:25 [0 - 5 ] |2[ 0 - 4 ] [ 0 - 9 ] |[ 01 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ? ) \. ) {3}(?:25[0 - 5 ]
|2[ 0 - 4 ] [ 0 - 9 ] |[ 01 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ? ) ( ? ( 1 ) \ ] | ) | ( ? :(?:[ a - z0 - 9 ] +(?:-[ a - z0 - 9 ] + ) *) +\. ) +[ a - z ] { 2,6} ) $/i ' ,
' HM2K ' => '/^((?:(?:(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ?(?:(?:[ \x41-\x5a\x61-\x7a ] |[\x30-\x39 ] |[ \x21\x23-\x27\x2a\x2b\x2d\x2f\x3d\x3f\x5e\x5 f\x60\x7b-\x7e ] ) +(?:\x2e ( ?:[ \x41-\x5a\x61-\x7a ] |[\x30-\x39 ] |[ \x21\x23-\x27\x2a\x2b\x2d\x2f\x3d\x3f\x5e\x5f\x60\x7b-\x7 e ] ) + ) *) (?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ? ) |(?:(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ?
\x22(?:(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ?(?:(?:[ \x01-\x08\x0b\x0c\x0e-\x1f\x7f ] |[\x21\x23-\x5b\x5d-\x7e ] ) |(?:\x5c[\x01-\x09\x0b\x0c\x0e-\x7f ] |(?:\x5c[\x00-\x7 f ] ) ) ) )*(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ?
\x22 (?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ? ) |(?:(?:(?:(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ?(?:[ \x41-\x5a\x61-\x7a ] |[\x30-\x39 ] |[ \x21\x23-\x27\x2a\x2b\x2d\x2f\x3d\x3f\x5e\x5f\x60\x7b-\x7e ] ) +(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ? ) |(?:(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ?
\x22(?:(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ?(?:(?:[ \x01-\x08\x0b\x0c\x0e-\x1f\x7f ] |[\x21\x23-\x5b\x5d-\x7e ] ) |(?:\x5c[\x01-\x09\x0b\x0c\x0e-\x7f ] |(?:\x5c[\x00-\x7 f ] ) ) ) )*(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ?
\x22 (?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ? ) ) (?:\x2e ( ?:(?:(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ?(?:[ \x41-\x5a\x61-\x7a ] |[\x30-\x39 ] |[ \x21\x23-\x27\x2a\x2b\x2d\x2f\x3d\x3f\x5e\x5f\x60\x7b-\x7e ] ) +(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ? ) |(?:(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ?
\x22(?:(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ?(?:(?:[ \x01-\x08\x0b\x0c\x0e-\x1f\x7f ] |[\x21\x23-\x5b\x5d-\x7e ] ) |(?:\x5c[\x01-\x09\x0b\x0c\x0e-\x7f ] |(?:\x5c[\x00-\x7 f ] ) ) ) )*(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ?
\x22 (?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ? ) ) ) * ) ) \x40 ( ?:(?:(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ?(?:(?:[ \x41-\x5a\x61-\x7a ] |[\x30-\x39 ] |[ \x21\x23-\x27\x2a\x2b\x2d\x2f\x3d\x3f\x5e\x5 f\x60\x7b-\x7e ] ) +(?:\x2e ( ?:[ \x41-\x5a\x61-\x7a ] |[\x30-\x39 ] |[ \x21\x23-\x27\x2a\x2b\x2d\x2f\x3d\x3f\x5e\x5f\x60\x7b-\x7 e ] ) + ) *) (?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ? ) |(?:(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ?\x5 b (?:(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ?(?:(?:[ \x01-\x08\x0b\x0c\x0e-\x1f\x7f ] |[\x21-\x5a\x5e-\x7e ] ) |(?:\x5c[\x01-\x09\x0b\x0c\x0e-\x7f ] |(?:\x5c[\x00-\x7 f ] ) ) ) )*(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ?
\x5d ( ?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ? ) |(?:(?:(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ?(?:[ \x41-\x5a\x61-\x7a ] |[\x30-\x39 ] |[ \x21\x23-\x27\x2a\x2b\x2d\x2f\x3d\x3f\x5e\x5f\x60\x7b-\x7e ] ) +(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ? ) (?:\x2e ( ?:(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ?(?:[ \x41-\x5a\x61-\x7a ] |[\x30-\x39 ] |[ \x21\x23-\x27\x2a\x2b\x2d\x2f\x3d\x3f\x5e\x5f\x60\x7b-\x7e ] ) +(?:(?:(?:[ \x20\x09 ] *(?:\x0d\x0a ) ) ?[ \x20\x09 ] + ) |(?:[ \x20\x09 ] +(?:(?:\x0d\x0a ) [\x20\x09 ] + ) * ) ) ? ) ) * ) ) ) $ / ' ,
' HM2K 2 ' => '/ ^[ \w !#$ %&\'*+\/=?^`{ |}~.-]+@(?:[ a- z\d ] [ a - z\d - ] *(?:\.[ a - z\d ] [ a - z\d - ] * ) ? )+\.(?:[ a- z ] [ a - z\d - ] + ) $ / iD ' ,
' arpad3 ' => '/^(? :" (?:\\\\. | [ ^ " ] ) * " | [^@ ] + ) @ ( ? = [ ^ ( ) ] *(? :\( [ ^ ) ] * \ ) [ ^ ( ) ] *) * \z ) ( ?![ ^ ]* (?=[ ^ ) ] +(?:\( |\z ) ) ) ( ?:(?:[ a - z\d( ) ]+(?:[ a - z\d( ) -]*[ ( ) a - z\d ] ) ?\. ) +[ a - z\d ]
{ 2,6}|\[(?:(?:1?\d\d ? |2 [ 0 - 4 ] \d| 25 [ 0 - 4 ] ) \. ) {3}(?:1?\d\d ? |2[ 0 - 4 ] \d|25 [0 - 4 ] ) \ ] ) * \z/si ' ,
' archtech ' => '/^[ \w % .\'!#$&*+\/=? ^`{ |}~-]{1,64}@(?:[ a - z\d ] [ a - z\d - ] + )+(?:\.[ a - z\d ] [ a - z\d - ] + ) +$ / iD ' ,
' php-filter_validate_email ' => " / ^( ( \\\ " [ ^\\ \ " \\f \
\\r\\t\\v\\b ]+\\\ " ) |([\\w\\!\\#\\$\\%\\&\\'\\*\\+\\-\\~\\/\\^\\`\\|\\{\\} ]+(\\.[\\w\\!\\#\\$\\%\\&\\'\\*\\+\\-\\~\\/\\^\\`\\|\\{\\} ] + ) * ) ) @ ( ( \\[ ( ( ( 25 [ 0 - 5 ] ) |( 2[0 - 4 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ) |( [ 0 - 1 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] ) ) \\. ( ( 25 [ 0 - 5 ] ) |( 2[ 0 - 4 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ) |( [ 0 - 1 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] ) ) \\. ( ( 25 [ 0 - 5 ] ) |( 2[ 0 - 4 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ) |( [ 0 - 1 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] ) ) \\. ( ( 25 [ 0 - 5 ] ) |( 2[ 0 - 4 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ) |( [ 0 - 1 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] ) ) ) \\ ] ) |( ( ( 25 [ 0 - 5 ] ) |( 2[ 0 - 4 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ) |( [ 0 - 1 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] ) ) \\. ( ( 25 [ 0 - 5 ] ) |( 2[ 0 - 4 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ) |( [ 0 - 1 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] ) ) \\. ( ( 25 [ 0 - 5 ] ) |( 2[ 0 - 4 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ) |( [ 0 - 1 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] ) ) \\. ( ( 25 [ 0 - 5 ] ) |( 2[ 0 - 4 ] [ 0 - 9 ] ) |( [ 0 - 1 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] ? [ 0 - 9 ] ) ) ) |( ( ( [ A - Za-z0 - 9\ \ - ] ) +\\. ) +[ A - Za-z\\ - ]+ ) ) $ / " ,
' stevew ' => '/(^(?!.*?\.\. ) [ ^. ] [ a - zA - Z0 - 9 _.+-]+[ ^. ] @[ ^.-] [ a - zA - Z0 - 9 -\[ \ ] ]+\. [ a - zA - Z0 - 9 -.\[ \ ] ] + $ ) /' ,
#'rfc822 ' => '#'.perl_rfc822 ( ) .'#' ,
' Jan Goyvaerts http://chris.602.org/temp/email_regex_preg.txt' => '/\\A(?:(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *(?:(?:(? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\\" \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . |(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) (?:\\.(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\\" \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . |(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ) *@(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) (?:\\.(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ) * | ( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\\" \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . |(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) *\\<(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *(?:@( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) (?:\\.(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ) *(?:,@(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) (?:\\.(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ) * ) *:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ? ( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\\" \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . |(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) (?:\\.(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\\" \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . |(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ) *@(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) (?:\\.(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ) *\\>(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) | ( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\\" \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . |(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) *:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *(?:(?:(? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\\" \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . |(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) (?:\\.(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\\" \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . |(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ) *@(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) (?:\\.(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ) * | ( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\\" \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . |(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) *\\<(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *(?:@( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) (?:\\.(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ) *(?:,@(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) (?:\\.(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ) * ) *:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ? ( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\\" \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . |(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) (?:\\.(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\\" \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . |(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ) *@(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) (?:\\.(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ) *\\>(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) (?:, \\s *(?:(? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\\" \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . |(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) (?:\\.(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\\" \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . |(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ) *@(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) (?:\\.(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ) * | ( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\\" \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . |(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) *\\<(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *(?:@( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) (?:\\.(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ) *(?:,@(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) (?:\\.(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ) * ) *:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ? ( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\\" \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . |(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) (?:\\.(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\\" \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . |(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ) *@(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) (?:\\.(?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;: \\\\ " .\\[ \\ ] \\x00 -\\x1 F ]+(?:(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) +|\\ Z| ( ?=[\\[ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\\\ " .\\ [ \\ ] ] ) ) |\\ [ ( [ ^\\ [ \\ ] \\r\\\\ ] |\\\\ . ) *\\ ](?:(?:\\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ) *\\>(?:(?: \\r\
) ? [ \\t ] ) * ) ) * ) ?;\\s*) ) \\z /' ,
' dominicsayers < a href = " http://www.dominicsayers.com/isemail/ " ref= " nofollow " > is_email </a>' => ' Function : is_email ' ,
) ;
/*
$ rfc822 = ' # ' . perl_rfc822 ( ) . '# i ' ;
print $ rfc822 ;
Function ValidateEmail4 ( $emailstr ) {
global $ rfc822 ;
return ( bool ) preg_match ( $rfc822 , $ emailstr ) ;
}
*/
# http://framework.zend.com/issues/browse/ZF-42
Function zfw_isEmail ( $ value )
{
/**
* @todo RFC 2822 ( http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2822.txt)
*/
$ atom = ' [ - a - z0 - 9 ! # $ %&\'*+/=?^_`{ |}~ ] ' ;
$ domain = ' ( [ a - z0 - 9 ] ( [ - a - z0 - 9 ] * [ a - z0 - 9 ] + ) ? ) ' ;
$ regex = ' ^ ' .
$ atom . '+' . '( \.' . $ atom . '+ ) *\@ (' .
$ domain . '{ 1,63}\ . ) +' .
$ domain . '{ 2,63} $ ' ;
if ( eregi ( $ regex , $ value ) )
{
return $ value ;
}
return false ;
}
Function php_filter_var ( $ value ) {
if ( filter_var ( $ value , FILTER_VALIDATE_EMAIL ) === FALSE ) return false ;
return $ value ;
}
$ tests = array (
'name.lastname@domain.com ' => true ,
'.@ ' => false ,
' a@b ' => false ,
'@bar.com ' => false ,
'@@bar.com ' => false ,
'a@bar.com ' => true ,
' aaa.com ' => false ,
' aaa@.com ' => false ,
' aaa@ .123 ' => false ,
'aaa@[123.123.123.123] ' => true ,
'aaa@[123.123.123.123] a' => false , # extra data outside ip
' aaa@ [ 123.123.123.333 ] ' => false , # not a valid IP
'a@bar.com . ' => false ,
' a@bar ' => false ,
'a-b@bar.com ' => true ,
'+@b.c ' => false , # min 2 char tld
'+@b.com ' => true ,
' a@ - b.com ' => false ,
' a@b -.com ' => false ,
'- @..com ' => false ,
'- @a..com ' => false ,
'a@b.co-foo.uk ' => true ,
' " hello my name is" @stutter.com ' => true ,
'" Test \" Fail \ " Ing" @example.com ' => true ,
'valid@special.museum ' => true ,
'invalid@special.museum -' => false ,
'shaitan@my-domain.thisisminekthx ' => true , # tld way too long ( no longer )
' test@ ........... com ' => false , # ......
'foobar@192.168.0.1 ' => false , # ip need to be [ ]
// from reading http://haacked.com/archive/2007/08/21/i-knew-how-to-validate-an-email-address-until-i.aspx
'"Abc\@def"@example.com ' => true ,
'" Fred Bloggs " @example.com ' => true ,
'"Joe\\Blow"@example.com ' => true ,
'"Abc@def"@example.com ' => true ,
'customer/department=shipping@example.com ' => true ,
'$ A12345@example.com ' => true ,
'!def!xyz%abc@example.com ' => true ,
'_somename@example.com ' => true ,
' Test \\ ' . chr ( 10 ) . ' Folding \\ ' . chr ( 10 ) . ' Whitespace@example.com ' => true ,
' HM2 Kinsists@ ( that comments are allowed ) this.is.ok ' => true ,
'user%uucp!path@somehost.edu ' => true ,
'user@domain.NORTHWESTERNMUTUAL ' => true ,
' punycode@domain.XN--VERMGENSBERATUNG-PWB ' => true ,
) ;
echo " < br />
Matrix of Emails against Email validation checkers : < br /> " ;
echo '< br /> Key : * indicates deviation from the " validity " of the email ' ;
echo '< br /> Key : Y* indicates test is lax and would let an invalid email through ' ;
echo '< br /> Key : < span style = " font - weight : bold ; " >N*</ span > indicates test is too strict and could potentially block a valid email address ( more serious than an over - permissive Y*) < br />< br />' ;
// Display the table header row
echo ' < table cellpadding=4 cellspacing=0 class=" file_list " >< tr class = " header " >< td > Input </td >< td > Valid ?</td >' ;
foreach ( $ emailregex as $ submitter => $ regex ) {
if ( preg_match ( '/ ^Function :/' , $ regex ) )
$ regexsize = ' < br/><i>function </i>' ;
else
$ regexsize = ' < br /><i >' . strlen ( $ regex ) . ' chars</i >' ;
echo ' < td > ' , $ submitter , $ regexsize , '</td >' ;
}
echo '</tr >' ;
$ errorcount = array ( ) ;
$ rowcount = 0 ;
foreach ( $ tests as $ test => $ isvalid ) {
$ rowclass = (++ $ rowcount % 2 == 1 ? ' a ' : 'b ' ) ;
$ isvalidyn = ( $ isvalid ? ' Y ' : ' N ' ) ;
echo '< tr class= " ' , $ rowclass , ' " >< td >\'' , $ test , '\'</td><td >' , $ isvalidyn , '</td >' ;
foreach ( $ emailregex as $ submitter => $ regex ) {
if ( ! isset ( $ errorcount [ $ submitter ] ) ) $ errorcount [ $ submitter ] = 0 ;
if ( preg_match ( '/ ^Function :/' , $ regex ) ) { // call the function
list ( $ crap , $ func ) = explode ( ' :' , $ regex ) ;
$ result = ( call_user_func ( $ func , $ test ) !== false ) ;
} else
$ result = ( preg_match ( $ regex , $ test ) > 0 ) ;
$ resultyn = $ result ? ' Y ' : ' N' ;
printf ( ' < td class= " %s " >
%
s%s%s%s</td>' ,
( $ result != $ isvalid && $ result === false ) ? ' N ' : ' Y ' ,
'' , #( $ result != $ isvalid && $ result === false ) ? '< b >' : '' ,
# $resultyn . '( result= ' .( $ result ?' true ' :' false ' ) . ' ) ( resultyn= '.$resultyn . ' ) ' ,
$ resultyn ,
$ result != $ isvalid ? ' *' : '' ,
( $ result != $ isvalid && $ result === false ) ? '</b>' : ''
) ;
if ( $ result != $ isvalid ) $ errorcount [ $ submitter ]++;
}
echo '</tr >' ;
}
// display " error " totals
echo '< tr >< td > Total differences </td>< td> </td >' ;
foreach ( $ emailregex as $ submitter => $ regex ) {
echo '< td > < hr > ' , $ errorcount [ $ submitter ] , '</td > ' ;
}
echo '</tr >' ;
echo " < / table > < br > " ;
Function perl_rfc822 ( ) {
#rfc822 regex from http://www.ex-parrot.com/~pdw/Mail-RFC822-Address.html
$ rfc822 = <<< EOWTF
(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *(?:(?:(? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ]
) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\" \r\\ ] |\\ . |(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?:
\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) (?:\.(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ] \000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(
?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\" \r\\ ] |\\ . |(?:(?:\r
) ? [
\ t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ) *@(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 -\0
31 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\
](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) (?:\.(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ] \ 000 - \031 ] +
(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\](?:
(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ) * |( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) + |\ Z
|( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\" \r\\ ] |\\ . |(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?:\r
)
? [ \ t ] ) *)*\<(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *(?:@( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\
r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\](?:(?:\r
) ? [
\t ] ) * ) (?:\.(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
)
? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ]
) * ) ) *(?:,@(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [
\t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *
) (?:\.(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ]
) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ) * )
*:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ? ( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) +
|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\" \r\\ ] |\\ . |(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) (?:\.(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ] \000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:
\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\" \r\\ ] |\\ . |(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t
] ) ) * " (?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ) *@(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031
]+(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\ ] (
?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) (?:\.(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ] \ 000 - \031 ] +(?
:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\ ](?:(?
:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ) *\>(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) | ( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ] \000 - \031 ] +(?:(?
:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\" \r\\ ] |\\ . |(?:(?:\r
) ?
[ \ t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *)*:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *(?:(?:(? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\ 000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\" \r\\ ] |
\\. |(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) (?:\.(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>
@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | "
(? :[ ^\" \r\\ ] |\\ . |(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ) *@(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ]
) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\
" .\[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) (?:\.(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *(?
: [ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[
\ ] ] ) ) |\ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ) * |(? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 -
\ 031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\" \r\\ ] |\\ . |(
?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *)*\<(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *(?:@( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;
:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [
^\[ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\. ) *\](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) (?:\.(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ "
.\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \
] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\ ](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ) *(?:,@(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \
[ \ ] \000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \
r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\ ](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) (?:\.(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\ 000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ]
|\\ . ) *\](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ) *)*:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ? ( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \]
\0
00 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\" \r\\ ] | \ \
. |(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) (?:\.(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ ,
;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ?
: [ ^\" \r\\ ] |\\ . |(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ) *@(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *
(? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .
\ [ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) (?:\.(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ?:[
^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ) *\>(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) (?:, \s *(
? :(?:[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\
" .\[ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\" \r\\ ] |\\ . |(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ( ?:\.(?:(
?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [
\ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\" \r\\ ] |\\ . |(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t
] ) * ) )*@(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t
] ) +| \ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ( ?
:\.(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) + |
\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ) *|(?:
[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \
] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\" \r\\ ] |\\ . |(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *)*\<(?:(?:\r
)
? [ \ t ] ) *(?:@( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ "
( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) (?:\.(?:(?:\r
)
? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>
@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ) *(?:,@(?:(?:\r
) ? [
\t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ ,
; :\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) (?:\.(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ]
) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\
" .\[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ) *)*:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ?
(? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .
\ [ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\" \r\\ ] |\\ . |(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) (?:\.(?:(?:
\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) +|\ Z| ( ?=[ \ [
" ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | " ( ? :[ ^\" \r\\ ] |\\ . |(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) ) * " ( ?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] )
* ) )*@(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] )
+|\ Z| ( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ( ?:\
. (?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) *( ? :[ ^( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " .\[ \ ]
\000 - \031 ] +(?:(?:(?:\r
) ? [ \t ] ) + |\Z
|( ?= [ \ [ " ( ) <>@ , ;:\\ " . \[ \ ] ] ) ) | \ [ ( [ ^\ [ \ ] \r\\ ] |\\ . ) *\](?:(?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ) *\>(?:(
?:\r
) ? [ \ t ] ) * ) ) * ) ?;\s*)
EOWTF ;
return str_replace ( "
" , '' , $ rfc822 ) ;
}
echo '< font face =" courier " >' ;
show_source ( __FILE__ ) ;
Mike Huckabee just told CBN : “ One of the things I find most interesting is that generally Evangelicals are so much more supportive of Israel than the American Jewish community . ”
This is true on many levels .
But it also gets at deeper issues .
One of which is the inability of the Republican party to attract substantial numbers of Jewish voters .
This is treated as odd by many political observers , reasoning that the GOP has adopted such hard line positions on the Arab - Israeli conflict that surely this should lead to an increasing number of American Jews voting for the Republican party .
Some would say that the failure is explained by the fact that Jews are Americans and they ’ve got a lot of other issues that matter to them beside Israel .
Which is , of course , true .
And needless to say , moonbat wailing to the contrary notwithstanding , the Democratic party is also extremely pro-Israel in its policies .
But the nature of GOP support for Israel is simply not aimed at or shaped by the support of Jewish voters .
It ’s support is aimed at a vastly larger evangelical Christian constituency .
And the aims , mores , values , etc. of each group are profoundly different .
( The most obvious difference is that American Jews tend to support Israel because of a mix of nationalism , ethnic identification , religious belief and democratic values while the religious right tends to support Israel because its existence will hasten the apocalypse when God will vanquish the Jews en masse in hellfire and turn Israel into a vast evangelical theme park .
So the two groups sort of come at the issue from different perspectives . )
At one level , this is obvious : we know the religious right is a huge constituency for uber - hawk policies on Israel .
But I ’m not sure we think through its implications as clearly or as deeply as we might .
Preamble : Hello and welcome to today 's Champions League draw .
I 'll get started properly from 4.30 pm , ahead of the draw at 5 pm , but if you 're new to these draws , here 's a quick lowdown :
* Teams are seeded based on their Uefa co-effieicent
* Teams from the same country cannot be drawn into the same group .
* Teams from the same national association will be split across days .
So , as England have four teams , two will play on Tuesdays and two on Wednesdays .
* And Manchester United always , always get an easy draw .
Pot one : FC Barcelona , Chelsea , Liverpool , Manchester United , AC Milan , Arsenal , Sevilla , Bayern München
Pot two : Olympique Lyonnais , Internazionale , Real Madrid , CSKA Moskva , FC Porto , AZ Alkmaar , Juventus , Rangers
Pot three : Olympiacos , Olympique de Marseille , FC Dynamo Kyiv , VfB Stuttgart , Fiorentina , Atlético de Madrid , Girondins de Bordeaux , Beşikta ş
Pot four : VfL Wolfsburg , Standard de Liège , Maccabi Haifa , FC Zürich , FC Rubin Kazan , Unirea Urziceni , Apoel , Debreceni
4.30 pm : Good afternoon one and all .
On Sky Sports News , Georgie Thompson is discussing Not Football , but their yellow " breaking news " ticker assures me the Champions League draw is " coming up " .
Does that qualify as breaking news ?
We 've known the draw would be at 5 pm today for some time .
Georgie is looking as well , as ever , and why would n't she be , what with her knocking about with Ant or Dec .
I 'm not sure which of them he is , but you 'll know him as the one that always stands on Ant 's left .
On Georgie 's right , Ed Chamberlain is also looking well .
He 's wearing a blue tie .
An email from Dominic Smith : " United will get AZ Alkmaar , Besiktas and Debreceni .
Liverpool will get Real Madrid , Marseille and Wolfsburg .
Fact . "
4.35 pm : In the Sky Sports studio , a crack panel comprised of journalist Keir Radnedge and former pros Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and Charlie Nicholas has been assembled to give their comments on the draw .
Expect to read their more erudite views here , masquerading as my own .
4.36 pm : " Any word of practice draw results , so we can get our conspiracy theories prepared ? " asks D Benson .
I have n't heard anything , but Charlie Nicholas reckons one of the English clubs is bound to get drawn with Real Madrid .
It 'd be nice to think it would be Manchester United , for obvious reasons , but they do n't get drawn against good teams in the Champions League group stages .
4.39 pm : Only 21 minutes to go and I do n't know about you , but I can barely contain my apathy .
Graeme Gebbie has written in to say that he agrees with Charlie Nicholas .
" Do you not think that Man United are 100 % guaranteed to draw Real Madrid today ? " he asks .
" Thats the feeling I 've got anyway .
Uefa always try to get a draw with a bit of glamour in an attempt to spice up the group stage .
Chelsea could be ' paired ' with Inter Milan due to the whole Mourinho factor . "
I 'm not sure I approve of the tacit suggestion that Uefa draws might not be above board .
Look !
Look !
Look !
Here 's a Champions League gallery , including pen pictures of each of the 32 clubs involved , written by Paul Doyle .
Oh ... and here 's today 's Fiver , for anyone who fancies something a little less cerebral .
Gary Naylor is in the house : " I do n't want to come over all Rob Smyth , " he writes , getting the words " all " and " over " in the wrong order .
" But I find it fascinating that my new toy tells me that ten years ago , 28 English players graced the Champions League .
Last year , things had moved on to such an extent that 29 English players got to do that handshaking thing along the line .
All that foreign coaching , all that learning from the overseas technicians in the midfield , all that work by the FA and exactly one extra player was good enough to get a starting slot in the world 's biggest annual football tournament . "
4.50 pm : " How does Dominic Smith already know the draw ? " asks Ben Shipman .
" Could he let me know who Arsenal will get because the suspense is killing me ?
I think it 's suspense anyway . "
4.51 pm : " I hate the seeding , " writes Thomas Cope .
" The seeding makes the group phase mind - numbingly predictable and boring . "
On the subject of mind - numbingly boring and predictable stuff , Thomas then asks
" is the Football Weekley Extra Pod waiting for the draw before is launches into near earth orbit ? "
No Tom , we recorded it this morning .
Producer
Pete is editing out all my good jokes and inserting some tortured analogies on Sean Ingle 's behalf as I type , but it should be up on the site any minute now .
4.53 pm : In an email marked " Poinhtless Champions League nostalgia " , Richard Jones asks : " Why are there no Scandinavian clubs in the CL group stages these days ?
Gothenburg used to be in it every year back in the mid-90s .
They produced some fine sides , which were generally made up entirely of Swedes , too .
I seem to recall them giving Manchester United a good cuffing once , possibly in 1994 .
And Rosenborg were n't too bad either .
The eastern Europeans have taken over , it seems .
Is it because they can have as many non-EU players as they like , so are full of Brazilians and Argentinians ? "
4.56 pm : " With some of the muck that 's made it into pot 4 , you must be crestfallen not to see Birr Town Football Club in there , " writes Adam Murphy , referencing my home - town team , an outfit that is ( well , was ) so bad I was their right - back for a couple of years at U12 level .
We got beaten 13 - 1 by Athlone Town on one particular day and the guy I was marking bagged himself a brace ... of hat - tricks .
5 pm : " I met Producer Pete at a party a few months ago and he seemed like a nice guy , " writes Tom Chivers .
" That is literally the whole story .
But since you 're reporting live on some middle - aged men doing a raffle I figured your threshold for boredom was pretty high . "
This just in : Fulham have lost the second leg of their Europa League qualifier against FC Perm or whoever it was they were playing , but have won the tie 3 - 2 on aggregate .
Is that good news for Fulham or bad news for Fulham ?
It 's difficult to tell .
5.05 pm : Proceedings are getting underway in the Grimandi forum in Monaco , where a very attractive woman in a black dress and a man with teeth and hair are addressing an audience that has probably just finished lunch and looking forward to dinner .
5.06 pm : I 'm reliably informed by my man Ed Chamberlain that Spanish legend Emilio Butragueno will be conducting today 's draw .
5.10 pm : No sign of any balls been drawn from the tombola , which is strange .
It 's not like them to drag out these jamborees .
" I thought I 'd type up some phrases so you can copy and paste them later , " writes Kev Williams .
" Group Of Death " , " They wo n't be looking forward to that long flight " , " Returns home " and " Meets his old adversary " .
5.12 pm : Edwin van der Sar and Emilio Butragueno are now on stage with the very attractive woman in the black dress and the man with teeth and the hair .
As they hover near the pots of plastic balls , a middle - aged blazer from Scotland is giving a bit of a speech .
Not long now ...
5.15 pm : The middle - aged blazer is now explaining the rules of the draw .
This could take a while .
The camera pans across his audience , many of whom look orange of hue and very bored of dispoisiton .
Group A : Bayern Munich , Juventus , Bordeaux , Maccabi Haifa
Group B : Manchester United , CSKA Moscow , Besiktas , Wolfsburg
Group C : AC Milan , Real Madrid , Marseille , FC Zurich
Group D : Chelsea , Porto , Atletico Madrid , Apoel FC
Group E : Liverpool , Lyon , Fiorentina , Debreceni
Group F : Barcelona , Internazionale , Dynamo Kiev , FC Rubin Kazan
Group G : Sevilla , Rangers , VfB Stuttgart , Unirea Uriziceni
Group H : Arsenal , AZ Alkmaar , Olympiakos , Standard Liege
Jesus wept .
They 've interrupted the draw so Uefa president Michel Platini can present an award to Paolo Maldini .
I 'm going to be here until midnight .
5.25 pm : " What happens if Millwall and West Ham end up in the same group ? " asks John Potts , pertinently .
Meanwhile , the full horror of what I 've let myself in for here is gradually unfolding .
Having received an award for himself , Paolo Maldini is now presenting England 's Brave John Terry with the European Club Defender of the Year award .
It 's just an orgy of mutual backslapping .
Where 's my award ?
5.28 pm : " The unbelievably attractive woman in the black dress is former Miss Switzerland Melanie Winiger , " writes Jean - Claude Gerber .
" Proving there are more important things besides football . "
5.33 pm : So Rangers are off to Seville .
There are some lovely churches , grottos and shrines to the Virgin Mary that their fans will be able to visit when they go over there .
Lots of orange groves too , so they 'll feel right at home .
Time for another award : European Club Midfielder of the Year .
Xavi Hernandez take a bow .
Three pots down and one to go .
Arsenal and Manchester United seem to have it fairly handy so far , unlike Liverpool and Chelsea , while any group Rangers find themselves in is going to be difficult .
Group C , featuring Real Madrid , Inter and Marseille is shaping up to be a belter .
Throw Wolfsburg into the mixer and all hell could break loose !
5.45 pm : Denis Law presents Leo Messi with his award for European Club Forward of the Year .
Nearly there - pot four ahoy !
Then we can all get on with the rest of our lives .
The draw in full ...
Group A : Bayern Munich , Juventus , Bordeaux , Maccabi Haifa
Group B : Manchester United , CSKA Moscow , Besiktas , Wolfsburg
Group C : AC Milan , Real Madrid , Marseille , FC Zurich
Group D : Chelsea , Porto , Atletico Madrid , Apoel FC
Group E : Liverpool , Lyon , Fiorentina , Debreceni
Group F : Barcelona , Internazionale , Dynamo Kiev , FC Rubin Kazan
Group G : Sevilla , Rangers , VfB Stuttgart , Unirea Uriziceni
Group H : Arsenal , AZ Alkmaar , Olympiakos , Standard Liege
5.55 pm : Well , Manchester United have n't got it as cushy as usual , that 's for sure .
Nobody wanted Wolfsburg out of Pot 4 , but they 've been saddled with them .
Rangers probably have as good a draw as they could have hoped for .
Chelsea have got a tricky enough draw , Liverpool 's does n't look too bad and Arsenal 's could n't be much easier .
6.15 pm : Apologies for not providing more post - draw analysis , but some men in Red Dwarf T - shirts shut down our tools , which meant I was unable to add to this report .
Thanks for your time asnd your emails - apologies for not getting through them all .
The families of three Americans held in Iran asked Iranian authorities Thursday to allow diplomats access so they can report on their welfare .
Shane Bauer , 27 , Josh Fattal , 27 , and Sarah Shourd , 31 , were arrested July 31 by Iranian authorities when they crossed the border from Iraq while on a hike .
Iran 's state television has reported that the Americans ignored warnings from border guards .
" We still know nothing about how our children are and where they are being held , " the families said in a statement .
" We respectfully urge the Iranian authorties to grant them their right to consular access so we at least can know they are safe and well . "
They said the three Americans entered Iran by accident while backpacking near the Ahmed Awa waterfall , a popular nature spot in Iraq 's Kurdistan region .
" If our children had known the border was there , they would n't have crossed it , " they said .
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton has asked Iran to release the Americans .
The United States severed diplomatic relations with Iran in 1979 when Iranian students breached the U.S. Embassy in Tehran and held American hostages for 444 days .
Switzerland represents U.S. interests in Iran and has asked for consular access to the Americans , the Swiss Embassy said .
Bauer , a freelance journalist and photographer , and Shourd , a teacher , had been living together in Damascus , Syria .
Fattal , a student who had recently finished a teaching fellowship , was visiting them .
All three graduated from University of California , Berkeley .
The families have created a website http://freethehikers.org
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Today 's entry is the first of a new regular feature on the Big Picture : a monthly focus on Afghanistan .
From now on , I will post such an entry at least once every month as long as necessary .
Violence in Afghanistan has reached its most intense of the eight - year - old war despite record levels of U.S. and NATO troops being sent to fight the Taliban .
July and August were the two deadliest months to date for coalition forces , and September is already the 3rd- deadliest , with 38 U.S. deaths - 68 total including all coalition members .
With an apparently resurgent Taliban and over 120,000 foreign troops on the ground , and a recent push for the U.S. to consider sending 40,000 more ( beyond the additional 21,000 troops still committed but yet undeployed ) , the situation in Afghanistan could possibly become even more intense in the near future .
Collected here is a one - month collection of photos related to Afghanistan for September , 2009 .
[ Past entries in category Afghanistan ] ( 43 photos total
Iconic rocker Mick Jagger thinks that Susan Boyle ’s version of “ Wild Horses ” is better than the Rolling Stones original .
The Susan Boyle Fansite Forum reports that during an interview on New Zealand Radio , D.J. Ewing Stephens quoted the Stones front man as saying that the “ Britain ’s Got Talent ” star ’s now famous version of the song was a “ ghostly version , much better than ” anything “ he had ever done . ”
If this is true , the Scottish singing sensation could n’t ask for a better endorsement !
What do you think – is Susan ’s take on the Rolling Stones classic “ Wild Horses ” better than the original ?
In 1978 , in Broadway , the decadent and narcissist actress Madeline Ashton is performing Songbird , based on Tennessee Williams ' Sweet Bird of Youth .
Then she receives her rival Helen Sharp , who is an aspiring writer , and her fiancé Ernest Menville , who is a plastic surgeon , in her dressing - room .
Soon Menville calls off his commitment with Helen and marries Madeline .
Seven years later , Helen is obese in a psychiatric hospital and obsessed in seeking revenge on Madeline .
In 1992 , the marriage of Madeline and Menville is finished and he is no longer a surgeon but an alcoholic caretaker .
Out of the blue , they are invited to a party where Helen will release her novel Forever Young and Madeline goes to a beauty shop .
The owner gives a business card of the specialist in rejuvenation Lisle Von Rhuman to her .
When the envious Madeline sees Helen thin in a perfect shape , she decides to seek out Lisle and buys a potion to become young again .
Further , she advises that Madeline must take care of ... Written by Claudio Carvalho , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
He is the man who beat Google to dominate the world 's fastest - growing internet market , and he has done it by building a search engine with a distinctly Chinese character .
Robin Li 's Baidu.com is a search engine that is weak on piracy and strong on censorship .
It is very much in keeping with a country that mixes ultra- capitalist economics with authoritarian communist politics .
To his many domestic admirers , the multimillionaire pin-up is a model internet entrepreneur who has beaten off some of the world 's most powerful multinationals .
But his detractors , particularly in the global entertainment industry , accuse him of being the navigator - in - chief for an armada of online music pirates .
The 37 - year - old founder and chief executive says he does not have much time either for plaudits or criticism .
He is too busy trying to keep ahead of the rapid changes in the Chinese internet and building an empire that may one day , he predicts , pose a challenge to Bill Gates ' Microsoft .
That may sound ambitious for a company that few people outside China have heard of , but Li has already come a long way in a very short space of time .
Since he entered the business four years ago , Baidu has rapidly overtaken Google and Yahoo ! as the leading Chinese search engine .
It is easily China 's most popular navigation site - its directory of a billion web pages is used by 90 m people a day out of an online population of 100m .
International investors are so excited that when the firm listed on Nasdaq in August , it created a frenzy not seen since the height of the dotcom bubble .
The value of the company quadrupled in 24 hours .
Li is now reputedly worth $ 600 m ( £ 350 m ) .
" It was a surprise to me .
I did n't expect this kind of performance , " Li says .
" But to me it was a branding event .
It educated the market .
More people now realise that Baidu is the biggest search engine in China . "
Li knows the big IT players in the United States .
A native of Shanxi province to the west of Beijing , in 1991 he went to the US for postgraduate study and worked for Dow Jones in New Jersey and then Infoseek in Silicon Valley .
Having seen the internet at first hand on both sides of the Pacific , he says there are major cultural differences that make it difficult for a foreign firm - no matter how wealthy - to make inroads in China .
The country 's top three portals are all Chinese , even though Yahoo ! has been trying for seven years to establish a presence .
The two big online game firms , Shanda and Netease , are also Chinese .
Li says the same home advantage applies to the search engine business .
" The market has exploded in a very short time , " he says .
" User information needs to change very quickly .
Because we were local and focused we were able to catch the changes quickly .
We understand the Chinese language and culture better . "
Tiananmen Square
Asked to illustrate the differences , Li says his firm 's search engine can distinguish between two - character and three - character Chinese names so that its results are more relevant than those of its rivals .
It has also created chatrooms related to the most common inquiries so that everyone who looks for the name of a pop star gets the chance to share opinions as well as find related sites .
Critics say these are minor adjustments to a design and business model that is largely a copy of Google .
The reason for Baidu 's success , they argue , is that it collaborates with the communist authorities on censoring sensitive political information more than its rivals do and is less stringent in blocking access to sites that offer pirate film and music downloads .
Look for the name of dissident writer Lu Xiaobo or references to the Tiananmen Square massacre on Baidu and no information appears .
But search for Radiohead or Britney Spears and Baidu offers a specific MP3 channel that directs you towards pirate downloads of every song the band and singer have ever made .
The record company EMI successfully sued Baidu in Beijing this week over this MP3 service - which accounts for 20 % of Baidu 's traffic - but Li said his company would appeal .
" You have to understand we are a search engine .
We do not host any content .
We just point people to information that is publicly available .
So we are not infringing any copyrights . "
He says Baidu blocks sites that are proved to contain pirated information , but he is unwilling to comply with record companies ' requests that even queries be taken out of the directory .
" We list 1 billion pages , we can not go through every one and find out if it is pirated , " he says .
However , it appears to be easier for Baidu , as well as its rivals Google and Yahoo ! , to block references to sensitive political information .
" As a locally operated company we need to obey the Chinese law .
If the law determines that certain information is illegal , we need to remove it from our index , " Li says .
In this respect , Baidu is very much a mirror of modern China : passive pirated entertainment is encouraged , politically sensitive information and criticism are heavily restricted .
But Li says this is as much about demographics as politics .
" One of the big differences in the Chinese internet is that the majority of users are much younger than in the US or UK .
If you only count people under 30 , we probably have the largest internet population in the world .
If a teenager goes online it is most likely they will play some sort of game rather than look for information . "
But even with the restrictions and the focus on entertainment , he says China is gradually being transformed .
" People can get information - on entertainment , politics , finance - much easier than before .
That will change the way people do business , the way people live . "
Bubble
Li is in a powerful position , but it has not been plain sailing .
True to the roller - coaster history of the dotcom market , Baidu 's share price surged from the initial float price of $ 27 to a giddy $ 154 before plunging back down below $ 70 , despite reporting a year - on - year tripling of quarterly profits , and more recently nudging upwards again .
Comparisons have been drawn with the US dotcom bubble five years ago , but Li says the big difference now is that the Chinese companies listed on Nasdaq are making profits .
" It is a young industry .
There are risks so it is natural that some people will lose money .
It does n't mean there is a bubble , " he says .
" The internet population is going up and up .
I am confident that this will be a huge market . "
He says Baidu is only now starting to hit its stride .
" We are still in a very early stage of the game .
We want to invest aggressively to make sure that we become the most dominant player in the most profitable area of the internet in China , " he says .
" Considering the fact that we are competing with some of the most powerful technology companies in the world , it is not an easy job . "
One of the big differences between the internet in China and elsewhere , he says , is the proportion of users to the overall population .
From 22 m five years ago at the start of 2001 it has grown to 100 m and is expected to reach 120 m by the end of this year .
" Although 100 m is a huge number , it is less than 10 % of the population of this country , so the network effect is not fully developed yet , " Li says .
" There is a lot of room to grow .
That is why I am more focused on long - term investment than short - term profits . "
The number of businesses using the internet to advertise and sell is even smaller .
Baidu's $ 1.1 m quarterly profit was tiny compared with its giant rivals , which are pulling in revenue from the more lucrative English - language segment of the web .
By one estimate , the entire Chinese search engine market was worth just $ 151 m last year , compared with more than $ 4bn in the US .
But speculation is reaping rewards .
Li boasts that Baidu 's initial investors , who paid 25 cents a share , have probably made the best return on any private investment deals ever made in Asia .
But competition is hotting up .
This year Yahoo ! has invested $ 1bn in a 40 % stake in the Chinese online retailer Alibaba and Microsoft has launched a Chinese web portal through a joint venture with Shanghai Alliance Investment , the state - owned investment firm .
Google has also begun recruiting high - profile senior executives from rival companies to run its business in China .
Asked about rumours that it has also offered to buy Baidu , Li pauses before replying : " I can not comment at this time . "
He could certainly become a great deal richer if he sold up .
But Li appears to have larger ambitions .
Asked about Bill Gates ' recent comment that Google is becoming more influential , Li says the Microsoft chairman should watch out for the challenge from China .
" If he is worried about Google he will probably be more worried about Baidu somewhere down the road , " he says .
" When the Chinese market stops growing faster than other countries in the world , we will look outside .
The reason we focus here now is that this is the fastest growing market we can access . "
Poetry and protest
Baidu 's name - meaning hundreds of times - comes from an 800 - year - old Chinese poem about the search for a " retreating beauty " , the company says .
" Hundreds and thousands of times , for her I searched in chaos , suddenly I turned by chance to where the lights were waning , and there she stood . "
Founded in 2000 and now employing 700 staff in Beijing , Shanghai and Shenzhen , it is not only China 's most used search engine but the fifth most popular website in the world .
It is not quite so popular with some other Chinese sites , which have formed an alliance called Fanbaidu ( " anti-Baidu " ) to fight its ranking of search results , known as P4P : pay for performance , under which they must bid for priority placement of links .
