Google has received a patent for the technique known as MapReduce .
The patent , number 7,650,331 applied for in 2004 , is entitled " System and method for efficient large - scale data processing " and covers the process of mapping work to multiple processors and then reducing the intermediate results from these processors to a final result .
The technique is used widely by data mining companies , for example , in Yahoo 's search infrastructure , Amazon 's Elastic MapReduce service and IBM 's M2 platform .
The Apache Hadoop project is the most prominent open source implementation of the technique .
The concept of mapping and reducing fuctions has been a fundamental idea behind distributed parallel processing for many years , and in a dispute it could be reasonably claimed that Google did n't invent MapReduce itself , but that would just move the argument on to the specific claims within the patent .
Google has told US media that " Like other responsible , innovative companies , Google files patent applications on a variety of technologies it develops .
While we do not comment about the use of this , or any part of our portfolio , we feel that our behaviour to date has been in line with our corporate values and priorities " .
Given that Google has not pursued patent infringements and appear to have been building a defensive patent portfolio , it is believed by some that Google are ensuring that it is not possible for a patent troll to obtain a similar patent and use it against Google and others .
( djwm )
Shortly after the Christmas bomber tried to blow up a Delta flight into Detroit , the U.S. Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) rolled out an emergency directive requiring airlines to implement draconian new security procedures .
Most travelers , unfortunately , had to find out about these new procedures from airline web sites or from firsthand accounts of those who had the misfortune to fly .
Despite operating a consumer web site with a chatty blog , the TSA did n't bother to tell the public about the new rules .
Instead , the agency just distributed the new rules electronically to thousands of airline , government , and security employees and left the public in the dark .
Thankfully , someone leaked the rules , so Americans finally learned what we should have been told immediately .
Thanks to bloggers like Chris Elliot and Steven Frischling , who published the memo , we got to read the whole directive .
Needless to say , the TSA should have made all of the new rules public from the get - go .
The secrecy surrounding them was an insult to anyone affected - - namely all Americans .
This insult was nothing compared to the TSA 's next move , however , which was to send agents to the houses of Frischling and Elliott ( and presumably others ) to slap them with subpoenas and demand that they immediately reveal the sources of the leaked directive .
Pause right there to appreciate how asinine and offensive this is .
A few days earlier , a bomber had almost succeeded in blowing a plane out of the sky .
The airline in question , Delta , had followed the TSA 's procedures .
The US government -- and , presumably , the TSA -- had been given some warning about this particular bomber , which it had declined to pursue .
The TSA responded to what may have been a monumental screw - up by tightening security procedures ( fine ) and then not telling the public about them ( outrageous ) .
Then , far worse , when it discovered that someone else had told the public , the TSA sent the proverbial jack - booted thugs to threaten individuals into revealing who sent them a document that had been distributed to thousands of airline and government employees .
In what universe is this a good use of government resources ?
Would it be too much to ask the TSA to use its agents to make Americans safer instead of threatening bloggers who publish widely distributed memos that should have been public anyway ?
Talk about screwed - up priorities .
And what will the TSA do when it finishes analyzing the hard drive of one of the bloggers it threatened ?
Will it send jack - booted thugs to the house of the airline or government employee who dared forward the memo so the public could see what the new rules were ?
Will the TSA drag the employee out of his or house in the middle of the night and ship him or her up river for Treason ?
Until we read about this bizarre behavior , we were willing to believe the government 's assertion that the tips it got about the Christmas bomber only look meaningful in hindsight .
Now that we have seen firsthand some of the decisions being made within the TSA , however , we 're more inclined to believe that the cause of this near - tragedy was incompetence .
The threatening of bloggers , meanwhile , is a disgrace .
The bug we are talking about is the infamous switchboard timeout error which was very elusive , it happened randomly , and very often for some users in unknown conditions .
Essentially you send a message , and after one minute you receive a notification telling you the message never arrived , after which you need to resend the message , and hope it will arrive this time .
Let ’s see how the two projects approached this bug .
Pidgin
There have probably been many bug reports regarding this issue , but it ’s very difficult to find old historic bugs in Pidgin ’s new and old tracker .
The modern version is reported in Pidgin ’s tracker as # 3330 .
There you can see people saying it happens a lot , that the priority should be increased , and many tickets were marked as duplicate .
Developers however stayed in denial mode : they say it does n’t happen to them , and then turn to the usual strategy : ask for irrelevant information such as a valgrind log , and to try again as it might have been magically fixed .
Then they try a simplistic workaround ; re-send the message on failure .
This does n’t work on most cases , and even when it does , the message arrives more than 1 minute late .
As usual , no developer did much else about the bug .
In the mean - time , Adium had many reports ( 2475 , 2395 , 6316 , 6708 , 6952 , 7288 , 9978 , 11045 , 11398 , 11478 ) of the same bug .
At this point something was very clear : it happens more often in OS X .
The interesting point is when Rasmus Hummelmose , an Adium user , logged to IRC to rant about the problem .
He received the same response on both #adium and # pidgin ; it ’s a server problem , or it ’s your slow connection , there ’s nothing we can do .
That did n’t convince him ( it was n’t true ) and he effusively tried to explain that the issue was real and was affecting many users .
He did n’t achieve anything more than upsetting the developers .
This is not the way to solve an important bug .
msn-pecan
The msn-pecan team on the other hand thought : hey , there ’s a bug , and this guy can reproduce it , let ’s fix it .
I invited him to #msn -pecan .
Rasmus was a bit reluctant ;
Why loose time with msn-pecan developers ?
Surely Pidgin developers must be capable enough to do the job .
He changed his mind when I explained that the core parts of libpurple ’s ( Pidgin ) msn were either developed or refined by me anyway , and therefore , Pidgin devs probably did n’t have the expertise required to identify this problem .
With that we started an endeavour to fix the problem through the weekend .
I started by providing some infrastructure changes in order to visualize what was actually happening , Devid Antonio Filoni created Adium builds , and Rasmus tested , and provided feedback .
We made some conjectures and discarded them with further testing and fixed some bugs along the way until we found a reliable way to reproduce : send a message , wait for 15 minutes of inactivity , and send another message .
After this is was clear that something bogus was happening with the network connection , but since we cannot fix all the elements involved , we implemented a simple fix : close the connection after 1 minute .
That worked perfectly .
Rasmus was happy , and we were too 🙂
That ‘s how you do it .
The stealing
Logically after our success , Rasmus decided to rub the fix on the face of Pidgin and Adium developers , after all , they were the ones that said it was not a bug .
But they were not impressed .
However , Daniel Ljungborg ( aka Dimmuxx ) was interested in the fix , and in good faith I pointed the commit message that explains the issue in detail .
Then I find out Ka-Hing Cheung , a Pidgin developer , implemented the fix as I described , but thought it was OK to not thank anybody , explain where the fix came from , or mention the msn-pecan project , or any external source at all .
We ( Rasmus , Devid and I ) spent a weekend of our free time working hard to identify , fix , and verify the issue , and if you read the commit message you would think they came out with the solution :
Author : khc@pidgin.im
Timeout switchboard connections at 60 seconds , should Fixes # 3330 for most people .
That is plagiarism , pure and simple , and unfortunately , it ’s not the first time .
Mudazumo Naki Kaikaku Ongoing 4.52
Author : OWADA Hideki
Action Comedy Seinen Sports Historical
Junichiro Koizumi .
Prime Minister of Japan , or God of Mahjong incarnate ?
Watch him clash with other world titans such as George W. Bush , Kim Jong Il , and Vladimir Putin in the one force that matters i... more
Junichiro Koizumi .
Prime Minister of Japan , or God of Mahjong incarnate ?
Watch him clash with other world titans such as George W. Bush , Kim Jong Il , and Vladimir Putin in the one force that matters in the political world : mahjong .
Read Now Add to Library
VMware has released Java and Python open - source software development kits ( SDKs ) for the VMware vCloud API , making it easier for developers and ISVs to jumpstart their projects by flexibly leveraging private and public cloud services .
The new Python and Java SDKs for the VMware vCloud API will simplify and accelerate developers ’ ability to leverage VMware vCloud services .
“ We are working aggressively to expand the VMware vCloud ecosystem and accelerate market availability of open - source client libraries for the VMware vCloud API , ” said Dan Chu , vice president , cloud infrastructure and services , VMware .
“ Our ISV community has embraced our investment in the VMware vCloud Initiative and is integrating key solutions as part of innovative services from VMware vCloud Express providers such as Terremark . ”
Key open - source client libraries and tools for the VMware vCloud API are now available from standard cloud software resources including Dasein , jclouds and libcloud , underscoring the strong interest from the open - source community in supporting the VMware vCloud Initiative .
These new libraries and tools will help make the VMware vCloud API more accessible to a large and diverse set of developers , ISVs and solution partners .
Al presentar su iniciativa , el Ejecutivo plante� una segunda vuelta electoral , la reelecci�n de legisladores , alcaldes y jefes delegacionales , as� como reducir el n�mero de diputados y senadores
REFORMAS .
El presidente Felipe Calder�n propuso al Congreso que la elecci�n a presidente de la Rep�blica se pueda resolver en una segunda vuelta , en caso de no obtener m�s de la mitad de los sufragios .
( Foto : NTX )
Ciudad de M�xico | Martes 15 de diciembre de 2009
Jorge Ramos | El Universal
08:33
The level of confusion and misinformation surrounding the real and perceived issues of “ climate change ” related to CoP 15 in Copenhagen is enormous , but it need not be .
The real issue is not about “ climate change ” , but about the effects of global warming on the environment .
Every adverse effect on the environment cited by people who study these things is always about the effect of warming .
For example , glaciers are melting ; species are dying out or changing geographical ranges because of increased temperature .
No one denies that since 1910 the atmosphere has warmed .
Several different records show the same result .
The term “ climate change ” is not useful in the current situation because the only constant factor about the earth ’s climate since the beginning of time is “ change ” .
It is normal for the climate to change .
At some time , and with 100 % certainty , we can say the current warming will stop and the earth will move into a period of global cooling .
The controversy , and there is a controversy , is about the cause of the current warming .
Some scientists claim that the increased concentration of carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) in the atmosphere is the major cause .
Other scientists claim that the major cause is changes in the energy output of the sun .
Confusion has entered the controversy on both sides with the incorrect use of the word “ consensus ” .
Achieving consensus in social situations is very powerful and contributes greatly to the success of churches and other social organizations .
Consensus is the agreement among a group of people about how to accomplish a particular goal or objective .
Consensus encourages the individuals in a group to work together smoothly and efficiently towards a common goal .
Consensus does not work in science because science is not about opinion ; it is about verifiable and reproducible evidence — the evidence rules .
Throughout history , many examples show consensus in science was just plain wrong .
Some of the most famous are that of Galileo , Copernicus , Einstein and more recently , Alfred Wegener , the discoverer of the tectonic plate theory of continent movement .
In the current controversy , it is safe and intelligent to disregard the results of counting the number of scientists with one opinion or another .
A complicated set of variable forces determine the earth ’s climate .
Understanding how these forces work together is only just beginning .
New information and reassessment of existing information will continue to surface for many years and change how we must view the climate and its effect on the environment .
There is a dangerous misconception that we can change the climate .
If the sun is the cause , it is obvious that we cannot control the sun .
If the cause is CO2 , then we also cannot control the atmospheric temperature .
Even if we could reduce carbon emissions to zero today , the warming from CO2 currently in the atmosphere will be with us for centuries .
That is how long it will take the excess CO2 to dissolve in the oceans or react with rocks .
We have no alternative but to adapt to climate change and to concentrate on a more important problem – future energy supply as coal , oil and natural gas become scarce .
Without sufficient energy , we can not adapt to climate change .
Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin plant the US flag on the surface of the moon
California has named a new site a state historical resource - despite the fact that it is not on Earth , never mind in the US state .
The site where Apollo 11 landed on the Moon in 1969 , the first US landing , is now included on the state 's register .
The unusual move by the California State Historical Resources Commission aims to protect more than 100 items left by US astronauts on the Moon .
They include tools , a flag , footprints , food bags and bags of human waste .
The commission said California firms had worked on the Apollo project and their efforts had a historical value to the state .
" It has a significance that goes way further than whether it came from a quarter million miles away or not , " state historic preservation officer Milford Wayne Donaldson was quoted as saying by the New York Times newspaper .
" They are all parts of the event , " he said .
The designation applies to everything left on the Moon by astronauts Neil Armstrong - the first man to walk on the Moon - and Buzz Aldrin , with a total weight of 5,000 lbs ( 2,270 kg ) .
A number of items were jettisoned by the mission in order to make their module lighter for the take - off which began their journey back to Earth .
However , the moon 's surface is not included in the designation , because under international law no country or state can make a claim to it .
The move aims to protect the site in the face of possible lunar missions in the future by other nations .
Several other US states which were involved in the Apollo project are also reportedly seeking to protect the landing site .
Conservative leader apologises again for previously supporting section 28 and says that teaching about equality is an important way of combating homophobic bullying
David Cameron has said that teaching children about equality for gay people and the importance of civil partnerships should be " embedded " in Britain 's schooling .
In another sign of his departure from the Tory past , Cameron again apologised for supporting section 28 and said that teaching about equality was an important way of combating homophobic bullying .
The Conservative leader , who voted for the retention of section 28 as recently as 2003 , made his comments at a Cameron Direct event in answer to a question from the gay rights campaign group Stonewall .
The group asked Cameron whether he agreed with the Liberal Democrat leader , Nick Clegg , that children should be taught that homosexuality is " normal and harmless " .
Cameron said : " We do need good sex and relationship education .
That education should teach people about equality and the sort of country we are – that we treat people the same whether they are straight or gay , or black or white or a man or a woman .
It is important that ethos is embedded in our schooling .
" In the past the Conservative party made a mistake with section 28 .
That is something we have apologised for .
We got that wrong .
The only thing I thought where Nick Clegg was potentially getting it wrong is , I do n't think the style and content of sex and relationship education should be dictated from on high in Whitehall and Westminster .
There is a danger with that .
" But should we teach children about relationships ?
Yes , we should .
Should we teach them about consent ?
Yes , we should .
Should we teach them about the importance of equality , whether you are heterosexual or homosexual ?
Yes , we should .
Should we teach them about civil partnerships being the way of same sex couples showing commitment just as married couples show commitment ?
Yes , we should .
" All of those things can help us to create a fairer country and also help us deal with homophobic bullying .
There is no doubt that it is a problem and it can be dealt with . "
Cameron 's remarks came after Clegg made his call for children to be taught that homosexuality is normal and for faith schools to be required to introduce anti-homophobic bullying policies .
" In an interview with Attitude magazine , the Lib Dem leader pointed out that in 2003 Cameron had voted against the repeal of section 28 which banned the " promotion " of homosexuality in schools in 1988 .
" I do n't really know what he believes in , " Clegg said .
" I do n't know what his convictions are and the reason is because they keep changing – and they seem to change for convenience . "
Britain 's changing attitude to homosexuality was highlighted this week in a study by the National Centre for Social Research which found that 36 % of respondents thought sexual relations between two adults of the same sex were " always or mostly " wrong .
This is down from 63 % in 1983 .
According to Rep. Henry A. Waxman in his March 17,2005 opening statement before the House Government Reform Committee :
" Congress first investigated drugs and professional sports , including steroids over 30 years ago .
I think perhaps the only two people in the room who will remember this are me and Commissioner Selig , because I believe he became owner in 1970 " .
In 1973 , the year I first ran for Congress , the House Committee on Interstate and Foreign Commerce concluded a year - long investigation that found -- and I quote - -" drug use exists ... in all sports and levels of competition ...
In some instances , the danger of improper drug use -- primarily amphetamines and anabolic steroids -- can only be described as alarming " .
Bowie Kuhn , and the powers that be at the time , quietly squashed the entire tawdry episode and with good reason : it would cast suspicions on an African - American slugger who was challenging one of baseball 's most cherished records :
The career record for home runs .
Compare Hank Aaron 's stats at the beginning of his career and then notice how his HR % began to increase beginning when Hammerin '
Hank was 37 years old .
HR % is defined as being the number of HRs per 100 ABs .
Age HRs HR %
33 44 7.3
34 39 6.5
35 29 4.8
Nothing unusual about these statistics ; it is a typical profile of a slugger in decline as he ages .
But then Hank began to undergo an 'enhancement . '
Age HRs HR %
36 44 8.0
37 38 7.4
What explains this spike at a latter age ?
Expansion ?
Perhaps .
But then what happens ?
Age HRs HR %
38 47 9.5
39 34 7.6
Hank ... What 's going on buddy ?
Aaron 's HR % were TOPS in the NL in both 1971 and 1972 .
Hmm .
Age HRs HR %
40 40 10.2
Which leads us to 1973 when at age 40 in just 392 at bats , juiced 40 HR 's for a HR % of 10.2 .
Once again TOPS in NL for the THIRD STRAIGHT YEAR and the HIGHEST HR % in the ENTIRE 23 year career of Hank Aaron .
Hank Aaron at 40 was not the only Atlanta Brave to hit 40 Hrs that season .
Teammates Darrell Evans and Davey Johnson blasted 41 and 43 HRs respectively .
Darrell Evans
Year HRs HR %
1971 12 4.6
1972 19 4.5
1973 41 6.9
1974 25 4.4
1975 22 2.8
Notice a statistical anomaly ?
Let 's see what Davey Johnson did .
Davey Johnson
Year HRs HR %
1971 18 3.5
1972 5 1.3
1973 43 7.7
1974 15 3.3
1975 Played 1 game
1976 Did not play MLB
Notice a statistical anomaly ?
It would be one thing for Hank Aaron to undergo an ' enhancement ' , but what are the odds that not one but TWO teammates would both have career years in HR's and HR % in the SAME YEAR as when a Congressional Committee issued its final report saying that anabolic steroids were rampant in the game ?
Why did Darrell Evans and Davey Johnson both experience career spikes in HR 's only to return to earth the following year ?
And how did Hank finish up ?
Age HRs HR %
41 20 5.9
42 12 2.6
43 10 3.7
So what happened ?
Enquiring minds want to know .
The 1996 Baltimore Orioles set at the time the team HR record for one season .
Brady Anderson 's 50 HR season was viewed suspiciously .
The manager of the 1996 Baltimore Orioles ?
Davey Johnson .
The only question remains : What did Bud Selig know and when did he know it ?
Fay Vincent circulated a draft steroids policy in 1991 .
Selig knew that if the scab of steroids was picked off , the puss of the 1973 Atlanta Braves would be oozing all over the game .
The scandal of Hank Aaron 's HR record being tainted by steroids use would have been a PR disaster at the time and .
personally , extremely painful to Bud Selig who , after all , is a long - time friend of Hank Aaron .
Hence the boardroom coup which ousted Fay Vincent and made Bud Selig ' Acting Commissioner ' , while still maintaining his position as the owner of the Milwaukee Brewers , a blatant conflict of interest .
So long as Bud Selig remains in charge of Major League Baseball , the American public will never get to the bottom of the steroids scandal which has sullied the game .
He has too much of a personal vested interest in Hank Aaron .
Besides , after this season , Barry Lamar Bonds will BE the HR KING .
Remember how $ 200 billion in federal stimulus cash was supposed to save the states from fiscal calamity ?
Well , hold on to your paychecks , because a big story of 2010 will be how all that free money has set the states up for an even bigger mess this year and into the future .
The combined deficits of the states for 2010 and 2011 could hit $ 260 billion , according to a survey by the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities .
Ten states have a deficit , relative to the size of their expenditures , as bleak as that of near - bankrupt ...
Door Controls - 2007 Honda Fit 5dr HB AT
It 's been a bad week for Japanese carmakers .
First Toyota ( NYSE : TM ) gets backhanded by the NHTSA over its ongoing unintended acceleration issues -- and associated multi-million - car recalls -- and now the Honda Fit faces recall over a fire hazard .
Honda ( NYSE : HMC ) today announced a recall of 646,000 Fit ( Jazz in some markets ) compact hatchbacks due to a faulty master switch that could allow water to enter the power window switch , potentially causing a fire .
Of those , 140,000 cars in the U.S. are subject to the recall .
While not as wide - ranging as the Toyota recall , the Fit recall , which affects 2007 - 2008 model - year cars , is no less dangerous .
The car fire could potentially start at any time , causing property damage and personal injury -- especially if while the car is driving down the highway , or parked in a garage .
Already several vehicle fires have been reported , prompting Honda to issue the recall .
The fix is simple enough -- Honda dealers will either retrofit the car with a new switch or put in a waterproof skirt .
Of course , Toyota 's fixes are simple enough as well - - both the floormat recall and the unintended acceleration recall require little more than modification to the pedal assemblies and floormats .
This is n't the Honda Fit 's first recall for weather - related problems on 2007 - 2008 models .
In late 2007 , Honda issued a recall for a problem with the occupant detection system for the front passenger airbag .
If subjected to road salt in snowy areas , the salt and snow could cause corrosion , breaking the wire that detects if a child seat is present .
This failure would then allow the airbag to deploy in the event of a crash , potentially injuring the child .
For more on the Toyota situation , read Bengt Halvorson 's complete overview here , and if you have a 2007 - 2008 Honda
Fit that 's subject to the recall , Honda 's customer service number is 1-800-999-1009 .
[ Wall Street Journal , Yahoo ! News ]
Since the web first heard about Google 's Nexus
One smartphone — sorry , " superphone " — reactions have been mixed .
Some folks expected it to be a huge leap forward in the Android user experience .
Others ?
Not so much .
Now that we know what Google and HTC have on tap , we can finally come to some conclusions about whether or not the new handset is worth your money .
We 've come up with a list of the four happiest pros and four saddest cons .
Take a look and let us know if you agree .
Pro : Tweet and Text While Driving With Voice Recognition
Google and HTC are very excited about the Nexus One 's ability to accept voice dictation for any text field — web search , SMS text messaging , Twitter , e-mail — you name it .
While the technology is n't perfect , it 'll work in a pinch .
You should be able to solve that dangerous texting - while - driving problem , if nothing else .
This is currently the only major feature unique to the Nexus One .
Con : It 's Not a VoIP Data Phone Revolution
Rumors were circulating that the first Google - branded phone would forgo traditional cellular voice networks all together by making all phone calls over data networks .
The VoIP - only plan would have been a game changer , eliminating restrictions on minutes and giving you more freedom to make calls when and where you want .
Sadly , that rumor turned out to be false .
The Nexus One is the same as other handsets when it comes to making phone calls .
We hoped for more radical innovation from a company like Google .
Pro : Android 2.1 Interface Overhaul
The most significant change to Android is largely an aesthetic one .
The Nexus One runs Android 2.1 , which adds several 3D user interface features and overhauls both Android 's home screen and its gallery application .
Android 2.0's home screen interface wo n't drop any jaws , but the Nexus One uses that powerful Snapdragon processor to pull off some elegant tricks .
Con : Android 2.1 Will Show Up on the Droid Too
During the press Q&A session that followed the Nexus One 's announcement , a Google rep confirmed that the new Android software will appear on the Motorola Droid and any other Android phones with the hardware to run it .
That might even include the phone 's voice recognition features .
That means the Nexus One 's software superiority will be short - lived .
Pro : Carrier Choice
The Nexus One is available unlocked , albeit at the steep price of $ 530 .
Though it 's selling at a reduced , on - contract rate only through T - Mobile to start with , Verizon will get its own Nexus One deal in the Spring .
Vodafone is on the list for 2010 as well .
By contrast , the iPhone is currently only available through AT&T , and the Droid is exclusive to Verizon .
Carrier choice offers greater encouragement for competition between carriers to provide the best data networks .
It also makes the phone an option for people who are already committed to a certain carrier .
Basically , it 's always better for the consumer .
Kudos to Nexus
One for being one of only a few high - end smartphones to appear on more than one carrier in the United States .
Con : No Multitouch .
Still .
Like several of its Android predecessors , the Nexus One 's hardware is capable of reading touch input from more than one finger at a time , but the software does not support it .
If you 're accustomed to pinching to zoom in Google Maps on your iPhone , or to playing 3D games on a touchscreen without using physical buttons , this is a big disappointment .
It 's not a surprise anymore , though , and it's not likely to change right away , since it 's still unclear if Apple 's patent on pinch - to - zoom gestures will hold up .
Pro : Google Voice Is Built -In
Google Voice does several neat things :
It lets you access your voice mail from your computer , transcribe your voice mails to text , and place comparatively cheap international calls .
All of these features are included in a Google Voice app that 's pre-loaded on every U.S. Nexus One .
It 's essentially the same as the existing BlackBerry and Android Google Voice apps .
Con : The Music Player App Is Still Sub - Par
The Android music player application has never earned high marks from gadget nerds and reviewers .
Sadly , it remains completely unchanged on the Nexus One .
If you were hoping to jam in style , well ... keep hoping .
Is the Nexus One a worthy competitor to the iPhone 3GS , the Palm Pre , and the Motorola Droid ?
Let us know what you think in the comments .
In anticipation of the new season on iCCup we are happy to present you with a small list of additional features to try .
These new innovative features should help to improve your iCCup experience .
The first innovation is the rank limit command / rl .
Now you do not have to spend a long time searching for a player at your skill level , or kicking time - wasters who are far above or below your own skill level .
All you need to do is specify the rank of the player or the ladder point limit of the players that you wish to join your game .
Here 's an example :
/ rl 6000 7000 ( Only those players who from 6000 to 7000 points may join ) .
/ rl 10000 ( Only a player who has more 10000 points may join )
/ rl c-c +
( yOnly those who are ranked between C- to C+ may join )
Are you tired of players are not using antihack ?
Now this problem is easily solved .
By utilising yet another new command / nah ( no antihack ) players not using iCCup 's AntiHack feature will not be able to join your game .
Additionally , the country that a player is playing from will be displayed when you join a game with a tag ( [ KR ] for Korean , [ AU ] for Australian , etc. ) .
The next new feature is specifically helpful for those active in a clan .
The list of new commands available is found below :
/ clan help ( / ch ; Help )
/ clan list (/ cl ; Shows a list of everyone who is in the clan )
/ clan msg ( / cm , / cw ; Send a message to all clanmates )
/ clan online (/ co ; Show all clan mates who are online )
/ clan off (/ c off ; Disable all clan notifications )
/ clan on (/ c on ; Include all clan related alerts )
/ clan state (/ c state ;
Shows the current status regarding clan alerts , i.e. ON or OFF )
Also worth noting is that now all the clans have at their disposal clan channels , to which the player will be automatically directed when you log on to the server .
Finally , and perhaps the most interesting new innovation — a new rank .
A distinguishing letter has not been assigned as of yet , but the beginner rank will be identified by this icon .
This rank is positioned even lower than the D- to help those who have only just recently met with StarCraft and their level of play is significantly lower than the average D- player .
Accordingly , in order to be demoted to D - you must fall to 900 ladder points , instead of the previous 850 points .
Also , players in the lowest rank will lose 20 ladder points for a loss .
We hope you enjoy the latest additions to iCCup and good luck achieving your goals in Season 11 !
Be sure to check out the Maps of the Week for the first week of the season .
Maps of the Week n1
iCCup.dEL
In fact , I could not unearth a single violent incident in Longo 's life before the murders , apart from a minor scuffle his freshman year of high school .
I looked everywhere ; I spoke with everyone I could .
I did n't even find an occasion when he lost his temper , when he so much as raised his voice .
He hardly swore ; he never fought with his brother .
A woman who attended his church said she used to tell her friends , " I wish my husband could be more like Chris Longo . "
And you can't admit that you 've been deceiving your wife for years , that in reality she 's married a loser and a liar and a thief ...
You 're trapped .
When thinking back about times in life where my heart was squeezed in my throat , nothing hurt more than when Sadie fell off the swing that I was pushing her on .
To see tears fall from your child 's face that you are the direct cause of was more painful than anything that I could remember .
It 's still painful .
How could I be so horrible & still have that sort of pain ?
Also , he noted , as further refutation of his psychopathy , " I got choked up during E.T. & Titanic . "
But his reaction to the photo [ of his smiling kids ] disturbed him .
" I 'm not really feeling what everyone else feel 's , " he wrote , tossing in , as he often does , an extra apostrophe .
" What should be most difficult to stomach is what I 've done [ the murders ] , yet somehow that part is still palatable . "
IV .
Guilt implies an internal sense of right and wrong .
Whether it originates from your religion or your parents or the penal code or Star Wars is n't relevant , only that external rules are then internalized , and you then build an identity around them .
So that when you violate them and there is no way anyone noticed , it still gnaws at you because it conflicts with your ego , who you are .
Id exists from birth , so superego has to precede ego .
Shame comes not from the action but from the exposure .
You would n't say you were ashamed unless you have been observed , caught .
Shame is a conflict with reality : I think I 'm this kind of a person , but now this other guy has external evidence that I 'm not .
A narcissist can't feel guilt because , while he admits to external rules ( religion , ethics , etc ) those rules are always secondary to his identity .
As long as the identity is intact , you did n't do anything really wrong .
There 's no internal conflict with your sense of self because your identity has one superseding rule : self preservation .
You will sacrifice anything , including your life , to preserve that identity .
That 's why your boyfriend killed himself to get ( back at ) you .
If Christian Longo had been arrested in Cancun for forging checks , he would have felt worse about that than about killing his family .
And he will always feel worse about anything that exposes him than about killing his family .
Longo 's facade in prison is the same as it was in the outside world : a successful businessman .
On death row , people think he 's a stock - market whiz .
And on the surface he seems to be .
He subscribes to The Wall Street Journal and Barron 's and often keeps his TV tuned all day to CNBC .
He supposedly calls his broker with picks and earns big profits .
It 's actually an elaborate ruse .
" All of that pretend stock market playing is believed to be real , " Longo writes .
" I 've never told anyone that it 's not .
And I use the phone for sufficient amount 's of time to all for that thought to seem legit . "
Maintaining the stock - market lie , Longo writes , is getting " exhausting . "
But he can't be honest , he explains , because of " extreme embarrassment . "
V .
There 's a passage in Finkel 's article that 's meant to be poignant : for the first time , Longo tells in graphic detail how he killed his kids .
He describes putting them into their respective car seats and strapping them in , driving to the river , putting a rock in a pillowcase and tying it to one ankle , throwing the kid in the river and then going around to the other side of the van and repeating the process with the other child ...
" I can see the kids so clearly in my mind now , " he said .
" You know when you catch a whiff of somebody 's scent and how vividly it brings back so many images ?
That 's how I feel about my kids now , I can feel them , smell them , touch them in my mind .
I can hear their voices .
See their faces .
But I can't remember who I killed first . "
A tear escaped from his left eye .
Just one .
He wiped it away quickly .
" I ca n't remember who I killed first . "
This is an vicious , absolute lie .
He killed the child on the driver 's side first , and every parent knows which kid is on what side .
This is a show , a pretense , designed to invoke sympathy for his suffering ( note the single tear ) and appear as though it was n't really him who was doing it -- I 'm not really the kind of person who would kill his kids .
The problem is that he is exactly the kind of person who would kill his kids in this way for these reasons .
In fact , nearly everything Christian Longo says is bullshit .
At first , Longo had blamed a drug - addled intruder for killing his family .
Then he accused MaryJane of initiating the murders .
Then he said he was n't really sure of the details .
He testified for four days but never convincingly explained what happened that night ...
This is n't a coherent defense , it 's pass interference , it 's reasonable doubt .
It 's not important what did happen , it 's only important that it was n't him .
...using charm and guile and a steady stoking of my journalist 's natural curiosity ( he was innocent , he was framed , he had proof , he would show me ) , he soon became deeply enmeshed in my own life .
In the first year , we exchanged more than a thousand pages of handwritten letters .
And these endless words and the " enmeshing " into your life are a way of wearing you down into giving him the benefit of the doubt .
Look , you know me , you know the kind of person I am , right ?
I can go on and on about this all day ; just trust me .
VI .
What I 'm about to write is n't to further condemn him but to show you the psychology , the moves , so you can recognize them elsewhere .
Rotting away on death row is not a narcissist 's idea of a good ending for his movie .
Where 's the drama , the self - actualization , the people talking about you ?
No one cares about you , no one wants to hear your nonsense about who you think you are ( hell , he 's spending time trying to convince convicts that he 's a daytrader ) .
Longo found a way to make it worthwhile .
Narcissists imagine themselves the main character in their own movie , and Christian Longo decided that movie was Seven Pounds .
The movie stars Will Smith , who , after accidentally killing his family in a car wreck , seeks out worthy people who are in need of organ transplants .
And then kills himself , with instructions to donate the organs to those people .
I 'll let you imagine how Longo envisions this playing out .
Of course , it does n't matter how it ends , only that in the interim
And yes : so happy .
He has a mission , a focus , a purpose .
In a way , the project has transported him beyond the prison walls .
He decided not to drop his appeals after all ; rather he 's aggressively pursuing them full force , likely putting off his execution date by at least a decade .
He needs the time , he says , to work on GAVE [ changing the laws so that the executed are allowed to donate their organs . ]
He wants to live .
Of course he does .
This is a trick , you think the movie fits because of the organ donation angle , but the real association is n't with organ donation but with Will Smith , the sleight of hand that it was an accidental killing of his family , yes , he did it but no , it was n't exactly him , he does n't even remember it .
The organ donation is secondary .
He wants that every time you think of Christian Longo you think of a man who ultimately performs a selfless act to make up for a tragic mistake .
Will Smith 's character felt guilt despite no one else blaming him for the deaths .
Longo is the opposite : everyone blames him , except himself .
VII .
The Esquire article is full of these examples and is worth reading .
But I can hear you : ok , he 's a narcissist , I get it , but if there were no warning signs , how would anyone know ?
I do n't have an answer .
I can say confidently that Zyprexa and Seroquel are n't going to help .
But there 's this : Longo killed before he was exposed .
LA Fitness shooter Sodini killed because he felt the game was soon to be up .
Etc .
It seems that the truly dangerous time is right before , when the terror of the possibility of exposure grips them , and so all options are on the table .
After exposure there is only defense and running and crying and anger , and rage and violence , too , but not the kill - anyone - who - knows kind you see the week before the pictures are to be released or the month before the girl goes off to spring break .
I can't tell you what to do about the guy you suspect is going down the wrong road , but I can tell the guy himself what to do : turn back .
You know it 's complicated and exhausting to keep up the appearances , to keep pretending , even if it 's working , because eventually you will get fat , eventually you will get the bill , eventually she will leave you , eventually you will fail .
It is inevitable .
VIII .
You want a simple answer : why did he do this ?
At no point in the Christian Longo timeline from birth to now was murder even a remote possibility .
We look for reasons he did this : were there signs , a homicidal triad , bipolar , drugs , genetic history ?
We want reasons why it happened .
There are n't any .
The important question is the one no one asks anymore : what was there that would have held him back ?
----
More on Longo in the
This will never stop .
V. There 's a passage in Finkel 's article that 's meant to be poignant : for the first time , Longo tells in graphic detail how he killed his kids .
He describes putting them into their respective car seats and strapping them in , driving to the river , putting a rock in a pillowcase and tying it to one ankle , throwing the kid in the river and then going around to the other side of the van and repeating the process with the other child ... This is an vicious , absolute lie .
He killed the child on the driver 's side first , and .
This is a show , a pretense , designed to invoke sympathy forsuffering ( note the single tear ) and appear as though it was n't reallywho was doing it --.
The problem is that he isthe kind of person who would kill his kids in this way for these reasons .
In fact , nearly everything Christian Longo says is bullshit .
Words , words , words , bullshit and more words :
This is n't a coherent defense , it 's pass interference , it 's reasonable doubt .
It 's not important what did happen , it 's only important that it was n't And these endless words and the " enmeshing " into your life are a way of wearing you down into giving him the benefit of the doubt .
VI . What I 'm about to write is n't to further condemn him but to show you the psychology , the moves , so you can recognize them elsewhere .
Rotting away on death row is not a narcissist 's idea of a good ending for his movie .
Where 's the drama , the self - actualization , the people talking about you ?
No one cares about you , no one wants to hear your nonsense about who you think you are ( hell , he 's spending time trying to convince convicts that he 's a daytrader ) .
Longo found a way to make it worthwhile .
Narcissists imagine themselves the main character in their own movie , and Christian Longo decided that movie was The movie stars Will Smith , who , afterkilling his family in a car wreck , seeks out worthy people who are in need of organ transplants .
And then kills himself , with instructions to donate the organs to those people .
I 'll let you imagine how Longo envisions this playing out .
Of course , it does n't matter how it ends , only that in the interimOf course he does .
This is a trick , you think the movie fits because of the organ donation angle , but the real association is n't with organ donation but with Will Smith , the sleight of hand that it was ankilling of his family , yes , he did it but no , it was n' thim , he does n't evenit .
The organ donation is .
He wants that every time you think of Christian Longo you think of a man who ultimately performs a selfless act to make up for a tragicWill Smith 's character felt guilt despite no one else blaming him for the deaths .
Longo is the opposite : everyone blames him , except himself .
VII .
The Esquire article is full of these examples and is worth reading .
But I can hear you : ok , he 's a narcissist , I get it , but if there were no warning signs , how would anyone know ?
I do n't have an answer .
I can say confidently that Zyprexa and Seroquel are n't going to help .
But there 's this : Longo killed before he was exposed .
LA Fitness shooter Sodini killed because he felt the game was soon to be up .
Etc .
It seems that the truly dangerous time is right before , when the terror of theof exposure grips them , and so all options are on the table .
After exposure there is only defense and running and crying and anger , and rage and violence , too , but not the kill - anyone - who - knows kind you see the week before the pictures are to be released or the month before the girl goes off to spring break .
I can't tell you what to do about the guy you suspect is going down the wrong road , but I can tell the guy himself what to do : turn back .
You know it 's complicated and exhausting to keep up the appearances , to keep pretending , even if it 's working , because eventually you will get fat , eventually you will get the bill , eventually she will leave you , eventually you will fail .
It is inevitable .
VIII .
You want a simple answer : why did he do this ?
At no point in the Christian Longo timeline from birth to now was murder even a remote possibility .
We look for reasons he did this : were there signs , a homicidal triad , bipolar , drugs , genetic history ?
We want reasons why it happened .
There are n't any .
The important question is the one no one asks anymore : what was there that would have held him back ?---- More on Longo in the NYT
Christian Longo was a " successful businessman " who fell on bad times / spent too much money .
Too ashamed to admit to his wife he was failing , he tried credit and then theft / forgery / counterfeiting to maintain the image .
When he knew the cops were on to him , he did the obvious thing : he strangled his wife while she was on top of him during sex ; then strangled his 2 year old daughter who was sleeping on the floor beside their bed ; stuffed their bodies in suitcases ; then put his other two sleeping kids into their car seats and drove them to a bridge , tied rocks to their feet , and threw them in the river .
Then he went to Cancun .
He had the kind of time in Cancun you 'd expect : drinking beer , smoking pot , and pretending to be a New York Times reporter ( he had always wanted to be one ) , and having sex with a girl who wanted to be a photojournalist who thought he needed one for his story .
Within a month he was caught .
Coincidentally , ( or not , depending on your belief in synchronicity ; ) ( or not , depending on whether you believe anything Christian Longo says ; ) the reporter he was impersonating wasbeing outed as having faked an article in the NYT .
Longo was convicted and sentenced to sitting on death row for the rest of his life .
But he never confessed .
Longo decided he would only tell his story -- the real story , of course -- to Michael Finkel , the reporter he had impersonated .
II .
It 's not spoiling much to tell you that Longo is a classic narcissist , but it 's worthwhile to go through the examples : Longo was not a violent or mean person :
But past performance is not indicative of future results because he 's never been : he 's never had a narcissistic injury , wherein you are discovered to be not what you said you were .
He thought of himself as -- he wanted people to believe that -- he was a successful , rich , businessman .
But the business ran out of money , the debts piled up ; so he counterfeited and forged , not to cover expenses but Trapped ?
If he cared about money he would have stolen more of it ; maybe even killed a couple of people to get their money .
No .
If he cared about his freedom he could have abandoned his family and fled the country .
No .
If he felt guilty about what he had done he could have found Jesus or simply killed himself .
No .
The thing he cared about more than anything else was his identity , and the ones who reflected that identity back to him were his family .
They had to go. , you do n't understand how killing people you love so much protects your identity : are n't you now going to be exposed as a murderer ?
But if you kill your family , thenit does n't matter , because they will never know .
You did them a favor : they do n't have to live with the pain of knowing you are a fraud .
III .
Even a narcissist is going to feel some remorse when he kills his family , right ?
It 's not like he did n't love them :
Nope .
Those are reflex emotions , the kind you feel watching a romantic comedy or a porn or That 's right , he said choked .
Narcissists do n't feel guilt .
Only shame .
The answer : “ This ‘ Avatar ’ star was once a contestant on ‘ Jeopardy ! ' ”
Did you say , “ Who is Dileep Rao ” ?
If so , then you ’re the winner of today ’s Daily Double !
P.S. Sorry , dude , had to be done …
A Sunshine Coast man accused of being the mastermind of the world 's largest online spam operation , which could send 10 billion emails a day , faced court in Brisbane today .
Lance Thomas Atkinson , 26 , has admitted to being behind a large - scale spam - sending operation that sent emails to internet users all over the world .
Those emails encouraged people to click through to websites that allegedly used false claims to peddle prescription drugs , as well as " male enhancement " and weight - loss pills .
Atkinson , who had already been fined $ 16 million by US authorities over his spam set - up , this morning faced court action from the Australian Communications and Media Authority .
With the debate on medical marijuana still at a full boil in Los Angeles , a judge Friday ordered the return of 60 pounds of pot to a man after his attorneys successfully argued that a state law gave him the right to transport it .
Saguro Doven , 33 , was initially charged with possession of marijuana for sale and transportation of the drug , a violation of the state ’s health and safety code .
The marijuana was bundled in individual bags that were tucked inside a larger duffel bag when Doven was pulled over on the 101 Freeway by a California Highway Patrol officer , according to court records .
But defense attorney Glen T. Jonas argued that his client was a member of a Venice - based medical marijuana collective and that he was authorized to transport the marijuana .
The California attorney general ’s guidelines regarding medical marijuana indicate that collectives are allowed to both grow and transport quantities of marijuana for its members .
Advertisement
Jonas said the prosecution ’s expert witness , CHP Sgt.
Richard Fuentes , was unqualified to render an expert opinion in the case because he lacked the knowledge required to distinguish lawful from unlawful possession and transportation of marijuana , according to court records .
Fuentes had testified that only caregivers can transport or carry large quantities of marijuana .
The law , however , states that members of a collective may transport marijuana on behalf of the group and are exempt from prosecution .
Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge William Sterling agreed that the prosecution expert was unqualified and ordered the charge of possession for sale dismissed .
On Monday , the Los Angeles County district attorney ’s office asked that the remaining transportation count be dismissed .
Advertisement
Doven ’s attorney then asked for the 60 pounds of marijuana to be returned -- a request that was granted .
Doven could have faced a maximum of four years in state prison if found guilty .
“ Although justice was delayed , I am thankful it was n’t denied , ” Doven said .
gerrick.kennedy@latimes.com
Rolf Ebeling , a senior user experience lead for the User Experience Design and Research Team for Windows , Windows Live , and Internet Explorer , is the man who designed the 105 - frame Windows 7 boot animation that millions see or will see every day for years to come .
Along with developing the famous boot animation , he also helped with the appearance and functionality of the calculator .
He 's already confirmed that he 'll be working on the next version of Windows .
Ebeling was only with the company for four months before he was asked to start designing what would become four swirling balls of light that come together to form a pulsing Windows 7 flag .
Although the sketches of the early boot animation concept pictured above do n't show it , Ebeling said he looked everywhere for inspiration , including street lights in the rain , light reflecting off water , and fireflies .
A self - taught designer with a degree in English literature , Ebeling was a creative director for Newsweek.com in New York before joining Microsoft in April 2008 , his first software job .
That means Ebeling started working on the Windows 7 boot animation in August 2008 .
It leaked to the Web in the form of a 24 - second video in December 2008 .
Then , in February 2009 , Microsoft announced that it would not support changing the Windows 7 boot animation by those who want to personalize their rigs further than just changing themes ( you can read our guide to customizing Windows 7 with themes here .
Quotations
" Writing ’s not rocket science .
It ’s a helluva lot harder .
Because once you learn all that rocket science crap , you can ( at least in theory ) build a rocket .
On the other hand , you can read every writing book known to man and attend classes and work with critique partners and get pages of editorial input and still end up with a book that does n’t quite hit the high notes .
Scary , but true . "
- Karen Templeton
" My New Year 's resolution is to focus on the book and forget all the crap that surrounds the writing business .
To lose myself in a story , and not give a damn if it makes any lists , has a good sell - through , gets glowing reviews on Amazon , pleases my editors , hell , even pleases my readers .
I want to love what I 'm writing so much that none of the rest of it matters , and if I do n't , I wo n't write it .
Life 's too short to abuse the muse . "
- Anne Stuart
" It is our stories that will recreate us , when we are torn , hurt , even destroyed .
It is the storyteller , the dream - maker , the myth - maker , that is our phoenix , that represents us at our best , and at our most creative . "
- Doris Lessing
" Even in literature and art , no man who bothers about originality will ever be original : whereas if you simply try to tell the truth ( without caring twopence how often it has been told before ) you will , nine times out of ten , become original without ever having noticed it . "
- C.S. Lewis
Diastatic Power and Mashing your Beer
This week we cover the technical topic of the diastatic power for mashing your all grain beer .
While rarely covered , this topic is an important one , especially for home brewers making beers with high percentages of non-barley or specialty grains .
This is an important topic for partial mash brewers as well , since they are often mashing with a high percentage of specialty grains .
The Malting Process
The story of diastatic power starts as part of the malting process .
As we covered a few weeks ago in the article on Malting at Home , the malting process consists of placing raw barley grains in water and germinating ( sprouting or growing ) them until the acrospire ( the little leaf growing inside the husk ) reaches a length close to that of the grain itself .
The malt is then kiln dried , and the tiny sproutlets fall off , leaving malted barley .
For darker and specialty grains the malt is roasted at varying degrees of time and temperature to achieve everything from caramel malt to stout roast .
The purpose of the malting process is primarily to break down the protein structure of the hard grains and make them friable for mashing .
In fact , you may often hear the term “ modification ” of the malt .
Highly modified malt has almost all of its protein structure broken down , while undermodified malt still contains a significant portion of unfermentable proteins and complex starches .
A secondary effect of malting , however , is to develop the enzymes ( notably beta amylase ) needed for mashing .
Diastatic Power
Diastatic power refers to the enzymatic power of the malt itself – its ability to break down starches into even simpler fermentable sugars during the mashing process .
The term “ diastatic ” refers to “ diastase ” enzymes .
There are two “ diastese ” enzymes , the first is alpha amylase and the second is beta amylase .
These enzymes might be familiar to many of you who have been brewing all grain for a while , as they are the primary enzymes active when you mash your grains in the normal temperature range of 148-158 F .
So why should an average homebrewer care ?
If you do n’t have sufficient diastatic enzymes in your mash , you simply will not be able to properly convert sugars during the mash .
This will leave you with a partially fermented very sweet beer , with very low alcohol content .
Diastatic Power is measured in degrees lintner ( often denoted with a big °L ) , though in Europe a secondary measure of Windisch - Kolbach units ( degrees °WK ) is often used .
You can convert from one to the other using Lintner = ( WK+16 ) /3.5 or going the other way as WK=3.5 * Lintner – 16 .
A malt needs a diastatic power of approximately 35 °L to be considered “ self converting ” .
Some of the newest American 6 - row malts can have a diastatic power as high as 160 °L. ( Ref : Wikipedia )
You can get the lintner values for many common malts from the malt supplier ’s specification sheet , or from our BeerSmith database .
Lets look at sample lintner values for a few commonly used grains :
American 2 Row Pale Malt : 140 °L
American 6 Row Pale Malt : 160 °L
British Pale Malts : 40 -70 °L
Maris Otter Pale Malt : 120 °L
Belgian Pale Malt ( 2 row ) : 60 °L
German Pilsner Malt : 110 °L
Munich Malt ( 10 SRM ) : 70 °L
Munich Malt ( 20 SRM ) : 25 °L
Vienna Malt : 50 °L
Wheat Malt , German : 60 -90 °L
Wheat , Unmalted ( flaked , Torrified ) : 0 °L
Crystal Malt ( all ) : 0 °L
Chocolate Malt : 0°L
Black Patent Malts : 0 °L
A few things become obvious looking at the above examples .
With the possible exception of the very lightest specialty base malts such as Vienna or Munich , few specialty malts provide very much enzymatic power .
Almost all of the enzymes needed to convert your mash are contained in your base malt , so the selection of a good base malt is important .
Wheat provides diastatic power nearly equal to barley so it can be used in large proportions to make wheat beer .
Diastatic Power for All Grain and Partial Mash Brewers
How does this affect your all grain brewing ?
Clearly if you are brewing an all grain batch with a high power base malt like American six row , you will have plenty of enzymes available to convert your mash , and it will also convert at a faster pace than it might otherwise .
However , if you are using a low power 2 - row British malt with a large number of specialty malts , the sugars will still convert but might take substantially longer to do so .
A few specific styles can also cause problems for the all grain brewer .
Lets take the example of Belgian Wit , which typically is made from 60 % pale malt and 40 % unmalted wheat ( often flaked or torrified ) .
If you select a Belgian Pale Malt base malt with low diastatic power , you may be in for a very long mash as the unmalted wheat contributes no enzymes to the process .
The grains will likely still convert ( little of the unmalted wheat will convert in any case ) but it may take a long time to reach full conversion .
Diastatic power plays an even more important role for partial mash brewers .
Many beginning partial mash brewers tend to take several pounds of specialty malts and try to mash them without a pale base malt .
This can cause very poor conversion , as the fermentable portion of the specialty malts lack the enzymes to convert .
It is important that you mash with sufficient base malt to provide the enzymes needed in the mashing process .
Estimating Diastatic Power for your Mash
To get a quick idea of whether you have sufficient diastatic power in your all grain or partial mash brew , I recommend you simply average the weighted diastatic power of your ingredients and see whether the final number is greater than the 30 Lintner minimum needed to convert .
The overall diastatic power for your mash would be the sum of the diastatic power for each ingredient times its weight divided by the total grain weight .
To get this number , just multiply the diastatic power for each grain times the weight of that grain , add the numbers up for all of your grains , and divide by the total grain weight .
Lintner_for_batch = Σ( lintner_for_grain * weight_of_grain ) / ( total_batch_grain_weight )
Lets look at a quick example : a partial mash using 2 lb of Caramel Malt , 1 pound of chocolate malt , and 1 pound of British Pale malt , with a diastatic power of 50 Lintner .
The Caramel and Chocolate malts both have a diastatic power of zero , so they each contribute ( 0L x 1lbs ) and ( 0L x 2lbs ) for a total contribution of zero lintner - pounds .
The pale malt is ( 50L x 1 lb ) for a total contribution of 50 L - lbs .
Now we add the contributions for all three up ( which is 0+0+50 ) or 50 L-lbs .
Now we divide by the total grain weight in the mash which is simply 4 lbs , which leaves an overall average diastatic power of 50/ 4 or 12.5 Lintner .
Since this number is smaller than 30 L needed to convert the overall mash , another few pounds of pale malt or a grain with higher diastatic power might be warranted .
I will note that the above calculation is a rough approximation , as the specialty grains are only partially fermentable and contain many non-convertible starches , but I usually prefer to err on the side of more enzymes rather than end up short in the mash .
Also , I do n’t like to wait forever for my mash to complete , so I will often shoot for a number higher than the 30 L limit shown above .
Note that this calculation is really only needed for mashes with high percentages of specialty malts , as most modern base malts have very high diastatic power .
Thank you for joining us on the BeerSmith Home Brewing Blog .
Have a great 2010 , and do n’t hesitate to subscribe , tweet or share this article with a friend as it does help us spread the word .
Related Beer Brewing Articles from BeerSmith :
Apple , Google , Bing , and Search
Interesting story from Peter Burrows and Cliff Edwards at BusinessWeek :
Apple is in talks with Microsoft to replace Google as the default search engine on its iPhone , according to two people familiar with the matter .
The talks have been under way for weeks , say the people , who asked not to be named because the details have not been made public .
The discussions reflect the accelerating rivalry between Apple and Google , now the main provider of Web search on the iPhone .
Later in the day , Yukari Kane and Ethan Smith at the Wall Street Journal reported similar news :
Apple ’s divide with Google over how it views media content also drives the wedge deeper between the two companies .
Apple ’s iPhone , for example , currently closely integrates Google ’s mapping and search technology , but a person familiar with the matter said Apple was in serious discussions with Microsoft Corp. to incorporate its
Bing search engine into the iPhone as the default search and map technologies .
Microsoft declined to comment .
No doubt the discussions do reflect the growing Apple - Google rivalry .
Google is now clearly in the mobile phone business , and Apple just bought a mobile advertising company Quattro Wireless .
But there ’s another angle here , besides the Apple - Google rivalry .
Default search is important .
It ’s worth tens of millions of dollars per year for desktop Safari .
( An informed source in June 2007 told me Google was then paying Apple around $ 2 million per month for its placement as the default search provider for desktop Safari . )
Surely it ’s worth millions per year for the iPhone as well .
Probably a lot of millions .
And the way the iPhone platform is growing , well , you get the picture .
And , in addition to monetary concerns , it ’s an important feature .
People use their iPhones to search the web , and most of them surely use the built - in search field in MobileSafari .
The quality of the results is important .
Say what you want about Microsoft in general and Bing in particular , but the fact is , Bing is the only major competitor to Google left standing .
Yahoo search is a lame duck — they ’ve already inked the deal to power it with Bing .
Who else is there ?
As I see it today , Bing is it .
For that reason alone , I hope Bing does well and grows , or at least holds its own , against Google .
And I obviously hope it does so by providing equally good or superior search results .
I do n’t think it ’s ever healthy , in any market , for one champion to obliterate all competitors .
But from a practical standpoint , whether Apple is rooting for Bing to succeed or not , and regardless whether Apple has any actual intention of perhaps switching to Bing as the default search provider for MobileSafari and Safari , Apple almost has to discuss such a potential deal with Microsoft .
Even if what Apple ultimately wants is to stick with Google as their default search provider , how can Apple negotiate the best possible terms from Google if they do n’t have any other option ?
( It strikes me as very likely that even if Google remains the default search engine for iPhone OS , Bing will replace Yahoo as the second choice , which you can toggle in the Settings app . )
So of course Apple is going to negotiate with Microsoft .
And of course Apple is going to happily leak the existence of such negotiations to the press , as we ’re seeing today , because they want Google to see that they ’ve got competition to be the iPhone ’s search provider .
It ’s Negotiating 101 .
But then here ’s the really interesting part of BusinessWeek ’s report , buried in the last paragraph :
Even if it ’s consummated , an Apple - Bing deal may prove short - lived .
The person familiar with Apple ’s thinking says Apple has a “ skunk works ” looking at a search offering of its own , and believes that “ if Apple does do a search deal with Microsoft , it ’s about buying itself time . ”
Given the importance of search and its tie to mobile advertising — and the iPhone maker ’s desire to slow Google — “ Apple is n’t going to outsource the future . ”
Which is intriguing if true , and helps Apple ’s negotiations with both Microsoft and Google even if it is n’t .
For the great customer support , Windows Live Mail series will show how to create / configure or delete the email accounts .
Here all the tutorials are given which you 'll get when you will purchase this email series , and to understand all of these , first of all you are required to launch Windows live mail and open it to proceed with the following :
How to Configure a POP email account in Windows Live Mail ?
First click on “ Accounts ” tab .
Then Click on “ E - mail ” button .
Enter the E - mail address which you want to configure and its password .
Now enter a display name for your sent messages .
Select the checkbox named as “ manually configure your server settings ” .
Click “ Next ” .
Now to configure your server settings , select “ POP ” as server type .
Then enter incoming server address in the given space .
Now “ clear text “ will be selected as authentication type .
Then enter the full email address , as same as your username and enter the outgoing server address to require authentication .
Click “ Next “ and you will see that your e-mail account will be added .
How to Configure a POP email account with SSL in Windows Live Mail ?
First click on “ Accounts ” tab .
Then Click on “ E - mail ” button .
Enter the E - mail address which you want to configure and its password .
Now enter a display name for your sent messages .
Select the checkbox named as “ manually configure your server settings ” .
Click “ Next ” .
Now to configure your server settings , select “ POP ” as server type .
Then enter incoming server address in the given space .
Now “ clear text “ will be selected as authentication type .
Then enter the full email address , as same as your username and enter the outgoing server address to require authentication and secure SSL connection .
Enter 465 as secure port number in the given space .
Click “ Next ” and you will see that your e-mail account will be added .
How to Configure an IMAP email account in Windows Live Mail ?
First click on “ Accounts ” tab .
Then Click on “ E - mail ” button .
Enter the E - mail address which you want to configure and its password .
Now enter a display name for your sent messages .
Select the checkbox named as “ manually configure your server settings ” .
Click “ Next ” .
Now to configure your server settings , select “ IMAP ” as server type .
Then enter incoming server address in the given space .
Now “ clear text “ will be selected as authentication type .
Then enter the full email address , as same as your username and enter the outgoing server address to require authentication .
Click “ Next “ and you will see that your e-mail account will be added .
How to configure an IMAP email account with SSL in windows live mail ?
First click on “ Accounts ” tab .
Then Click on “ E - mail ” button .
Enter the E - mail address which you want to configure and its password .
Now enter a display name for your sent messages .
Select the checkbox named as “ manually configure your server settings ” .
Click “ Next ” .
Now to configure your server settings , select “ IMAP ” as server type .
Then enter incoming server address in the given space .
Now Select the checkbox “ Require a secure SSL connection “ and now the port no .
changes to 993 .
Now “ clear text “ will be selected as authentication type .
Then enter the full email address , as same as your username and enter the outgoing server address to require authentication and secure SSL connection .
Enter 465 as secure port number in the given space .
Click “ Next ” and you will see that your e-mail account will be added .
How to Configure custom ports in Windows Live Mail ?
First you have to create an email account on the cPanel of your Cloud Hosting Service and then follow the steps : Right click your account name .
Then click ” properties ” .
Next click “ Advanced “ tab and select both the checkbox “ This server requires a secure connection “ for the outgoing and incoming server and enter the respective port no.465 and 993 in the boxes and when finished click OK .
How to setup your email signature in Windows Live Mail ?
In the search box , type Mail , and then , in the list of results , click Windows Live Mail .
Now in the lower - left corner , click Mail .
Now open the File menu , click Options , and then click Mail .
The Options dialog box appears .
Click the Signatures tab .
Under Signatures , click New .
Under Edit Signature , two options are given you can opt for anyone : 1 . Either in the Text box , enter your signature .
2. Click File , click Browse , select the text or HTML file that contains your signature , and then click Open .
When finished click OK .
How to change your email password in Windows Live Mail ?
First right click your account name then select Properties .
A new dialog box will appear .
Click on Server tab .
Under Mail server type the new password on the box field .
Click on OK .
How to delete an email account in Windows Live Mail ?
Right - click your Account name and then select the “ Remove account ” option .
A confirmation window will appear in which it asked are you sure you want to remove the hotmail account .
Then click yes button in the confirmation window .
Now close the application and restart your computer .
DUNNELLON , Fla . �
A 53 - year - old woman was arrested after allegedly hitting a man in the head with a raw steak .
According to a Marion County Sheriff 's Office report , the man told deputies Elsie Egan repeatedly hit him with the uncooked meat and slapped his face after he refused a piece of sliced bread .
The man said he wanted a bread roll .
Egan denied hitting the man with the steak but did admit to slapping him , saying she did it " so that he could learn . "
The man told deputies that Egan was his live - in girlfriend .
He declined medical assistance .
Egan was charged with abuse of a disabled adult .
According to online records , she has been released on $ 2,500 bond and is scheduled to appear in court in January .
It 's unclear if she has an attorney .
Rawhide users : fasten your seat belts
[ Distributions ] Posted Dec 7 , 2009 15:20 UTC ( Mon ) by corbet
For the daring folks who follow Rawhide : life is about to get interesting for a while .
Fedora developers have announced that Rawhide will be moving to upstart 0.60 and to RPM 4.8.0 .
Both postings should be considered required reading for people with Rawhide systems .
Comments ( 14 posted )
Britain 's military police are investigating claims that British troops tortured and killed a 62 - year - old Iraqi woman in 2006 .
The woman was killed in Basra in November 2006 when British soldiers raided her family 's home .
Iraqi police say the woman 's body was later dumped by a roadside in a British - issue body bag .
Police say she had a bullet hole in her abdomen and her face had injuries consistent with torture .
The British Ministry of Defence has already denied the allegations and says the woman died in a crossfire when her house was raided by members of the Princess of Wales ' Royal Regiment .
The police horses that have patrolled San Diego 's Balboa Park are being sold at an online auction .
The Police Department has ended its horse unit , which was organized in 1983 , as a money - saving measure .
The officers have been transferred to other duties , and their mounts and the tack are being sold .
The auction is set for Feb. 1 through Feb 10 on the website Publicsurplus.com .
The horses -- Wam , Trigger , Major , Junior , Bret , Bandit and Austin -- have long been public favorites , but the city is cash - strapped .
No riding or handling is allowed , but potential bidders can see the horses Feb. 4 , 9 a.m. to noon , at the police stables .
Check the website .
A third of the city 's police dogs are also being laid off .
-- Tony Perry in San Diego
Photo : Bret , one of the police horses put up for auction .
Credit : San Diego Police Department
The “ Do n’t Fear the 2010s ” article written by Nick Gillespie of the Wall Street Journal featured a section on Peak Oil and , after reading it , I found myself uttering the famous words of Homer Simpson : “ Doh . ”
The article claims that " something always gets in the way " of peak oil , and since no clear peak has occured globally , Peak Oil is and will remain unimportant .
Although early discussions about peak oil involved estimations of the actual date of the peak , today the discussion has transcended its past mathematical proclivities to include more complex ( and more meaningful ) issues .
Let ’s examine some of the more important insights to be gained from the discussion of peak oil .
1. Peak Oil is more about transitioning from a world with an increasing supply of oil to a world with a decreasing supply of oil , and less about the actual date of the peak .
Peak Oil as represented by the WSJ article diminishes the issue to a debate over a date .
The more pressing question — the question most often considered here on The Oil Drum and within the Peak Oil community at large — is , “ What does a peak in global oil production mean for economies and societies throughout the world ? ”
Oil is a non-renewable resource , which means that oil reserves began declining after the first barrel was produced .
Over time , the combination of technological advancements and big discoveries allowed for the extraction of larger amounts of oil , but at some point oil production will peak and begin to decline .
Numerous countries , including the United States , have illustrated this trend .
So , if we know that at some point oil production will begin to decline , why deny the inevitable instead of preparing for that decline ?
2 . The important question is not “ How much oil is left ? ” but rather “ How much oil can be extracted at a significant energy profit ? ”
Howard Odum wrote in the early 1970 ’s that :
The true value of energy to society is net energy , which is that after the energy costs of getting and concentrating that energy are subtracted .
Net energy represents the energy that we use to power our vehicles , our hospitals , build our roads , fly our planes , etc .
In the early 1900s , the U.S. was getting upwards of 100 barrels of oil out of the ground for every barrel used to get that oil ( Cleveland 2005 ) .
Today , the estimates in the literature report that on average across the globe , 18 barrels of oil are produced for every barrel used in getting that oil ( Gagnon et al. 2009 ) .
Despite the fact that today ’s society produces vastly more oil than it did in the early 1900s , it is producing less net energy per barrel .
This declining net energy is driven mainly by the fact that oil has become harder and harder to find and extract , and / or the oil that has been found is generally of lower quality .
For example , Chevron ’s Tahiti project cost 2.7 billion dollars just to construct .
Meanwhile , Petrobras is hoarding deep water rigs to develop oil projects off their coast and BP discovered Tiber , another ultra deepwater field in the Gulf of Mexico .
Each of these will have price tags comparable to Tahiti .
The point is that it does n’t matter how much oil these companies claim that they can recover , the question is how much of that oil will be gained at an energy profit ( i.e. that left after accounting for the cost of extraction ) .
3 . Increasing energy costs have preceded every major recession in the last 40 years .
Many believe that the current recession was caused , at least in part , by rising oil prices from 2004 – 2008 ( Jeff Rubin 2008 , James Hamilton 2009 ( warning - pdf ) ) , and although it is difficult to show statistically that action A caused action B ( just ask the climate change people ! ) , data show that oil prices and recessions are highly correlated ( Figure 2 ) .
Over the past 40 years the same sequence of events occurred before each recession : a spike in the price oil , followed by an increase in the percent of GDP used to purchase oil , followed by a recession .
The WSJ reported that
Peak oil has been predicted with regularity for decades now and something always gets in the way : new reserves are discovered , prices collapse due to economic slowdowns …
Everyone agrees ( more or less ) that oil prices collapsed because of the enormous economic contraction that occurred in the summer of 2008 .
But are we really to believe that it is pure coincidence that the price of oil was at an all - time high when that contraction occurred ?
More to the point – despite a tripling of crude oil prices from 2004 - 2008 , supply of conventional crude remained relatively flat , conditions indicative of peak oil .
Focusing on whether or not the peak has occurred distracts attention from the main conclusion of the 2004 - 2008 period : we have entered an era in which the supply of oil is constrained .
I contend that the WSJ has it backwards .
The economic contraction did not prevent peak oil from occurring ; rather , the peaking of global oil production was a main cause the economic contraction .
4 . Oil is unique .
As Youngquist states , quoted in The Olduvai Theory by Richard Duncan ,
There is no comprehensive substitute for oil in its high energy density , ease of handling , myriad of end -uses , and in the volumes in which we now use it .
Oil is a one - time gift bestowed upon the inhabitants of earth .
There is no substitute at the scale needed , and there is certainly no alternative energy source that returns the same amount of net energy at the scale that oil is used .
Technology is often touted as the means by which society will surpass its need for oil , but technology is NOT a fuel , it is simply a means by which we convert energy of one form to another , usually more useful , form .
Other people believe that coal or natural gas will solve our problems .
In fact , the New York Times reported that the US has over 600 years of natural gas , but we need to ask the same question about these sources as we do about oil , namely , “ How much is available at a significant energy profit ? ”
There are other problems with natural gas and coal as well .
Coal has pollution issues , including carbon dioxide .
Natural gas is often thought of as the cleanest of the three major fossil fuels , but almost all unconventional gas , which makes up a large part of future United States production , is being produced in most new plays in the U.S. using a hydrofracking process that uses upwards of two and a half million gallons ( pg. 58 ) of dirty water per well .
This is not to say that drilling for oil is better than coal or natural gas , rather that pursuing coal or natural gas as a solution for dwindling oil supplies is likely to create other costly problems .
In summary , Peak Oil is not just about when , but also how we will wean ourselves from our reliance on oil .
The above points represent some new ideas or directions for innovative thought and discussion .
Most importantly , I hope they convey a message to the peak oil naysayers that whether the peak occurs today , tomorrow , or in ten years is not as important as how we reach the peak and how we deal with the ensuing decline .
The depositions of Prop 8 witnesses Paul Nathanson and Katherine Young who may have withdrew out of fear for their own safety reveal today how damaging their statements could have been ( and ultimately are ) to their case .
Watch :
Paul Nathanson a Canadian religious scholar who just happens to be gay ( duh ! ) was also trotted out in Varnum v. Brien which ultimately led to the Iowa Supreme Court legalizing same - sex marriage .
In the document Defending Faith , Family and Freedom by the Family Research Council Nathanson is quoted as saying that cultures can only survive and thrive via opposite - sex marriage .
“ Because heterosexuality is directly related to both reproduction and survival … every human society has had to promote it actively …
Heterosexuality is always fostered by a cultural norm ” that limits marriage to unions of men and women .
He adds that people “ are wrong in assuming that any society can do without it . ”
Not surprisingly marriage scholar Maggie Gallagher also surfaces in said document .
Nathanson and Young also co-authored Marriage à la mode : Answering the Advocates of Gay Marriage in 2003 which attempts to dissect and tear down many marriage equality positions .
Some of their arguments below .
Argument 7 : Children would be no worse off with happily married gay parents than they are with unhappily married straight ones :
This comparison is false , because it involves the best of one scenario with the worst of another .
A legitimate comparison would compare either the best of both or the worst of both .
Once again , we suggest that the best of marriage ( providing at least one parent or other adult of each sex ) is better than the best of gay marriage ( which provides two parents of the same sex and none of the other one ) .
Argument 15 : Anyone who opposes same - sex marriage is homophobic :
This argument amounts to verbal terrorism .
By “ homophobic ” is meant prejudice and hostility , although this word actually connotes the neuroticism of a phobia .
The implication is that only evil or sick people can possibly disagree with any claim made by gay people .
So much for the possibility of rational debate .
( Never mind that not even all gay people are in favor of gay marriage . )
Moreover , this is an ad hominem argument .
It is easy to trivialize arguments by attacking the personal integrity of those who make them .
That way , you need not deal with the argument itself .
It ’s a lengthy document but a good source for “ verbal terrorists ” such as myself in developing counter arguments .
Post by ILO on 01/20/10 at 11:25 pm
16 portraits :
The players of tech View photos
These tech - world luminaries - photographed during our recent Brainstorm Tech conference - are n't just changing the game ; they 've defined it .
Photographs by Robyn Twomey .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Google announced a new policy Wednesday that allows news publishers to limit the amount of subscription content that Internet users can access for free from Google News .
In the existing program called " First Click Free , " Google allows participating publishers who offer a subscription - based news service to display the first page of an article that a user accessed through Google News for no charge .
If the user then clicks on another link on that page , the user will be taken to a page that requires a registration or subscription .
After discussions with publishers , Google updated the program Wednesday to limit the total number of free clicks for pay news services to five per day for each user .
Previously , users could access an unlimited number of subscription - based articles from Google News .
Google ( GOOG , Fortune 500 ) will also begin to label paid content as " subscription " on its Google News service .
" These are two of the ways we allow publishers to make their subscription content discoverable , and we 're going to keep talking with publishers to refine these methods , " said Google senior business product manager Josh Cohen in a blog post .
" After all , whether you 're offering your content for free or selling it , it 's crucial that people find it .
Google can help with that . "
The move comes in response to to online newspapers and publishers considering whether to keep articles away from Google 's news and Web searches .
Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp ( NWS , Fortune 500 ) . , which offers much of its content on a subscription - only basis , reportedly considered restricting Google from displaying its news articles .
Many other publishers considered so - called " pay walls , " Google said , which require a registration or subscription before a user can access the content .
Google uses a robotic
Web crawling technology to index pages on the Internet , but since its computers cannot type in registration information , pages with pay walls do not get indexed .
Newspaper subscriptions have fallen substantially during the recession , as readers opt to read the same content online , which is typically offered for free .
As a result , some news organizations have moved to a subscription - based online service , and many others are considering such a move .
So , John Terry has been knocking off Wayne Bridge ’s ex-missus , the mother of his child Jaydon Jean Claude Bridge , eh ?
Bridge and his baby ’s mum broke up a month ago .
With friends like him , who needs enemies ?
Some bloody captain !
December 20th 2009 : Terry caught selling tours around Chelsea ’s training ground , without the knowledge of the club , for £ 10,000 a pop .
November 16th 2009 : Terry ’s dad is caught dealing cocaine by undercover reporters .
March 27th 2009 : Terry ’s mum is arrested and cautioned for shoplifting £ 800 worth of goods .
November 11th 2005 : Got it off with a 17 - year - old behind then fiancée Toni Poole ’s back .
April 25th 2004 : Got it off with a prozzie behind then girlfriend Toni Poole ’s back .
February 2002 : Terry was caught on camera pissing in a glass during a night out in a bar before throwing the glass on the floor .
September 12th 2001 : Terry mocks American tourists about September 11th in a pub when drunk less than 24 hours after the tragedy occurred .
You can only imagine how pissed off Fabio Capello must be for buying in to the “ British bulldog ” bullshit .
Australians worry the most when it comes to weight and how it affects our sex lives , a new global survey has revealed .
Half of us say we care much too much about our waistlines , but at the same time we secretly wish our partners would lose a few kilos .
A global survey reveals what 's really on our minds .
Credit:iStock Photo
A majority of Australians have tried to lose weight at least once - unsurprisingly women more than men - and about 40 per cent of us feel constant pressure to be thin .
There 's also a fear that being fat could affect our performance at work .
CrisisCommons seeks to advance and support the use of open data and volunteer technology communities to catalyze innovation in crisis management and global development .
CrisisCommons is a global community of volunteers from technology , crisis response organizations , government agencies , and citizens that are working together to build and use technology tools to help respond to disasters and improve resiliency and response before a crisis .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 20/1/2010 ( 3906 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
WINNIPEG - Two RCMP officers have been charged with assaulting a 19 - year - old Powerview - area resident .
The assault allegedly happened when the officers were transporting the man from Traverse Bay to the Lac du Bonnet Detachment on Oct. 24 , 2008 .
Earlier this month , Manitoba Justice formally notified RCMP D Division that charges of assault were recommended against the two officers .
They were charged Tuesday .
Cpl. Jeffrey Thomas Moyse , 40 , and Const .
Trevor Kyle Ens , 29 , will appear in Pine Falls Provincial Court on Feb. 25 .
An internal disciplinary process has been initiated , RCMP said in a news release .
Both members have since been transferred from Powerview Detachment to other units in D Division , which includes 52 detachments in Manitoba .
Japanese people are well known for their artistic skills when presenting their food .
This laptop design is the ultimate geeky Bento lunch box .
Continuing the review of submissions to DFAIT regarding the Canada - EU Trade Agreement , the Canadian Generic Pharmaceutical Association warned against the inclusion of any intellectual property provisions :
The very fact that both Canada and EU have robust IP systems in place should be a sufficient basis on which to enhance and expand our existing trade relationship .
The Government of Canada has an obligation to ensure an economic agreement with the European Union will not harm domestic industries and will not disadvantage Canadian companies who export products to the United States and other countries .
As such , it is the view of Canada 's generic pharmaceutical industry that intellectual property should not be included in any economic negotiations between Canada and the European Union – particularly as the IP measures pertain to pharmaceuticals .
Tags
– Bastiat " Our theory is so little opposed to practice that it is nothing else than practice explained . "
Frédéric Bastiat 's legacy has two key components : his artful polemics for free markets and his uncompromising conviction that men's interests are " naturally harmonious " to the extent that their property rights are respected .
He was an artist with an unfailing loyalty to logic , and a revolutionary who fought the interventionist schemes of both the Right and Left despite suffering from a debilitating terminal illness .
A sample of his style can be seen in his rebuttal of mercantilism .
In its most popular form , mercantilism is the state policy of restricting imports and subsidizing exports .
Beneath its patriotic veneer , it is simply another tool for augmenting state power .
Rothbard refers to it as " a blend of economic fallacy and state creation of special privilege . "
Though mercantilism was one of the favorite targets of the classical economists , it has never lacked for influential champions , chiefly among those who would profit from state favors — well - connected merchants and bureaucrats .
In one of Bastiat 's essays , he notes that F.L.A. Ferrier , a French , 19th - century tariff advocate , took issue with Jean - Baptiste Say for his rejection of mercantilism .
If such a system is wrong , Ferrier asked , how could it have survived " for several centuries and among many nations with the general approval of all educated men ? "
Furthermore , if mercantilism is impoverishing , how does Say explain its compatibility " with the constantly increasing prosperity of these nations ? "
Finding Say 's rejoinder to Ferrier less than compelling , Bastiat picked up his pen .
The mercantilists claim that foreign products should be prohibited or curtailed because of their lower price .
Bastiat reminds his readers that this is another way of saying it " is better to make things oneself , even if it would be less expensive to buy them from another . "
Does this view have the sanction of universal practice ?
he asks .
Not whatsoever .
Ferrier and his fellow protectionists " could not point to a single person on the face of the earth " who lives this way .
Nor do groups of individuals engage in this practice .
" And nations would do the same if mercantilists did not prevent them by force . "
You call us mere theorists , Bastiat ripostes , but " you are theorists no less than we . "
What is the difference between your theory and ours ?
he asks .
" Our theory is so little opposed to practice that it is nothing else than practice explained . "
What we call political science is " only this same experience accurately observed and methodically interpreted . "
But your theory , he tells Ferrier , promotes the absurdity that what is good for an individual , family , commune , or province , is bad for a nation , as if a nation were somehow different from the people who comprise it .
And what else does this absurdity entail ?
Bastiat asks .
That " we consumers are your property !
That we belong to you , body and soul !…
That it is your prerogative to feed and clothe us at your price , whatever may be your incapacity , your greed , or the economic disadvantages of your situation ! "
" Bastiat knew what most educated people never learn , that the source of all injustice in society stems from violations of freedom . "
Mercantilism , Bastiat concludes , is extortion by another name .
It is true , as Henry Hazlitt and others have remarked , that the world is in desperate need of economic thinkers like Bastiat .
But we also need people of his grit ; individuals who will , to borrow an expression from my four - year - old grandson , " get off their butts " and fight for liberty .
Much like Ron Paul in his decades - long battle for sound money , peace , and prosperity , Bastiat had the courage as well as the requisite knowledge to defend freedom against a full range of attackers , from socialist central planners to rent - seeking conservatives .
He fought while tuberculosis robbed him of his strength , knowing his health would be better served in the peaceful setting of his country estate than in the death throes of Paris politics .
Bastiat knew what most educated people never learn , that the source of all injustice in society stems from violations of freedom .
Freedom is n't just nice to have , like a sunny day ; it is the foundation of morality and the bedrock of civilization .
He knew , therefore , that the greatest threat to our lives is force , especially the instrument of legal force .
As Rothbard points out ,
economic science has shown that a modern industrial economy cannot survive indefinitely [ under ] draconian conditions .
A modern industrial economy requires a vast network of free - market exchanges and a division of labor , a network that can only flourish under freedom .
The Man from Bayonne
Claude Frédéric Bastiat was born in Bayonne , France on June 30 , 1801 .
[1 ]
After his mother died in 1808 , his ailing father moved them northward to an even smaller provincial town , Mugron .
His father , a prominent merchant , saw Claude as able but lazy , and wondered what might become of him .
He never lived to find out .
He died in 1810 , and his orphaned son was raised by his paternal grandfather and a stern aunt , Justine Bastiat .
In school , Bastiat acquired a knowledge of English that proved indispensable later in life for understanding the English concepts of free trade and voluntary exchange .
Disgusted with the curriculum , he quit school at 17 and went to work in his uncle 's counting house in Bayonne .
Bastiat remained hostile to the degree system of higher education throughout his life .
In " Academic Degrees and Socialism , " written shortly before his death , he argues for the abolition of public education :
For it rests on the assumption that the governed are made for the governors , that society belongs to the wielders of political power , and that they must make society in their own image .
The university system prepares the youth of France
for socialist utopias and social experiments .
And this is undoubtedly the reason for a very strange phenomenon ; I mean the inability of the very people who believe themselves threatened by socialism to refute it .
The educational system 's obsession with Greek and Roman culture imbues students with ideas prevalent during those times , he argued .
Could the Romans , who were slave owners , conceive of the libertarian idea that " Every man owns himself , and consequently his labor , and , accordingly , the product of his labor " ?
Though Bastiat was more " at home with literature than with ledgers , " he saw firsthand the destructive effects of government controls on commerce during his time in Bayonne .
The economic hard times turned Bastiat 's attention to the works of Smith , Say , and the physiocrats , particularly Francois Quesnay .
As a member of a discussion group , Bastiat won a debate using Say 's free - market ideas .
" The power to abuse others had been transferred from the nobility to the bourgeoisie . "
Though he dreamed of going to Paris to further his education , he returned to Mugron to care for his ailing grandfather .
The elder Bastiat died the following year , and Frédéric was to spend the next 20 years of his life in quiet study at the estate his grandfather left him .
Aside from his books , his main source of intellectual stimulation was a friend from a neighboring manor , Felix Coudroy , a recent law - school graduate who thought he had found truth in the works of Rousseau and the socialists .
During the course of many conversations , Bastiat helped convert Coudroy to free markets and individualism while strengthening his own understanding .
For two decades , both men studied and conversed almost daily .
Their interests included philosophy , religion , history , biography , and political theory — all the traditional subjects of scholarship .
According to biographer George Roche , Coudroy was more scholarly , reading books in their entirety and marking key passages for Bastiat .
Only if a book really snared his interest would Bastiat devour it completely .
Once read , the books became the subject of intense , analytical discussions between the two men .
Louis Philippe , the " Citizen King "
The political regime of Bastiat 's life was marked by the repressive rule of first Napoleon , then Louis XVIII , and following his death in 1824 , Charles X .
The latter two monarchs were brothers of the beheaded Louis XVI .
Charles attempted to bring back the old days of Bourbon repression , declaring that kings possessed divine rights , and in one of his decrees he demanded that all books and newspapers had to receive his approval before being offered for sale .
The new French constitution had established a two - house legislature with full authority to make the laws , and the legislative elections of 1830 repudiated Charles completely .
Refusing to acknowledge his rejection , Charles attempted a coup d'etat on the morning of July 26 , but the French , honed in revolutionary techniques , put a stop to it .
The power to abuse others had been transferred from the nobility to the bourgeoisie .
The departure of Charles was followed by a new " citizen king , " one who would serve as a symbol of authority while becoming an employee of the new bourgeois order .
Following the advice of the Marquis de Lafayette , who had declined an offer to become dictator , the popularly - elected Chamber of Deputies picked the pear - shaped Louis Philippe , cousin of the Bourbons and a member of the Orleans family , to be their constitutional monarch .
Louis readily agreed to represent the wealthier bourgeoisie .
With the repressive Bourbon regime gone , Bastiat hoped for a reign of liberty under the new political order .
His hopes were soon dashed .
Writing about the triumph of the middle class in the 1830 elections , Alexis de Tocqueville noted that it
entrenched itself in every vacant place , prodigiously augmented the number of places and accustomed itself to live almost as much upon the Treasury as upon its own industry .
Years later , Bastiat would look back on the bourgeois reign as a deplorable interlude during which France slipped into socialism .
Voting was restricted to members of the wealthy middle class , and Louis bought their support by granting them special privileges .
Not everyone was privileged , of course .
By the early 1840s , one in seven workers was employed in the new manufacturing industries .
Without the power to vote , they lacked the power to extract favors from the government .
Seeing the plight of the proletariat , social philosophers and visionaries promoted the idea that true " equality " could be achieved only if government took an even greater role in the economic life of its citizens .
When the nobility were in power , the upper - middle classes complained of unfairness ; when they took power , the lower classes complained of unfairness .
Is it any wonder Bastiat later defined government as the instrument some people use to live at the expense of everyone else ?
A New French Intellectual and Activist
Of all the privileges held by the middle class , none was more treasured than their beloved tariffs , which forced consumers to pay higher prices for their products .
According to mercantilist lore , domestic industries needed protecting from unfair foreign competition , or the country as a whole would suffer .
As Bastiat learned firsthand , it was not only France that imposed trade restrictions .
In 1840 he traveled to Lisbon and Madrid and heard the same pleas for protection .
Statesmen , in effect , called on their governments to insulate people from inexpensive and plentiful grain .
In 1834 , 1841 , and 1843 , Bastiat , still the gentleman farmer from Mugron , published some thoughts on the tariff , but they went virtually unnoticed .
Then one day a French newspaper quoted British Prime Minister Peel as saying that if a certain measure were adopted , " we will become , like France , a second - class nation . "
Under pressure from friends to show that his British sympathies were not misplaced , Bastiat researched the origin of the quote and discovered that the phrase , " like France , " was the contribution of the anglophobe French translator .
Of far more importance in this incident , however , was Bastiat 's discovery of Richard Cobden 's Anti–Corn Law League and free - trade movement in England .
" Determined to serve as a spokesman against the rising tide of statism , Bastiat went back to his home district and got himself elected . "
The ideas of Cobden and his associate John Bright received scant attention in French newspapers , but they had the power of a religious awakening for Bastiat .
Through correspondence with Cobden he followed their work closely and began directing his enthusiasm into renewed writing efforts .
He penned the study , " The Influence of French and English Tariffs on the Future of the Two Peoples , " and the prestigious Journal des economistes published it in October 1844 .
Bastiat 's fresh analysis brought an avalanche of kudos to his quiet life in Mugron , and he published more articles , some of which would be assembled as Economic Sophisms near the end of 1845 .
He also wrote a book on the history of Cobden 's Anti–Corn Law League , and in May of 1845 went to Paris to get it published .
Bastiat had become a famous French intellectual almost overnight .
Only a special writer can expose flawed ideas in such a way that lay readers will understand and remember them .
Bastiat 's chief expository techniques were hyperbole and ingenious use of reductio ad absurdum .
In addition to these , he often reminded his readers that men had unlimited wants but only limited resources .
Rather than adduce from this that nature subjected people to a state of perpetual conflict , he held that men's interests were naturally harmonious .
For those who believe otherwise — that men's interests are fundamentally antagonistic — then the state will find it necessary to impose constraints , and these , he wrote in his essay " To the Youth of France , " may " assume a thousand shapes . "
If it can be shown that men's interests are fundamentally harmonious , on the other hand , then solutions should be sought in liberty , " which assumes only one shape , " and that is " to abstain from displacing or thwarting these interests . "
After providing assistance in establishing a free - trade association for Bordeaux , Bastiat decided to establish one for all of France .
In the spring of 1846 he met in Paris with supporters and together they put together plans for a national free - trade association based on Cobden 's model .
They believed free trade was important for its material benefits , but more so for other freedoms it would secure , such as ending war .
The first public meeting of the association was held in August , 1846 , and other meetings followed that fall .
Public interest was strong , with crowds numbering over 2,000 .
The meetings continued during 1847 and the first months of 1848 .
Bastiat even launched a newspaper devoted to free trade , Le libre - echange , the first issue of which was published on November 29 , 1846 .
Some of his most satirical writing appeared in this journal , including his famous Candlemakers '
Petition , which attacked the notion that a country can build wealth by creating obstacles to trade in order to multiply job opportunities .
Other trade associations were springing up in other parts of Europe , and Bastiat 's writings were appearing in several languages .
His hopes were high that his organization would be as successful as Cobden's .
Bastiat 's self - imposed schedule of writing , publishing , giving speeches , and running the association was taking a toll on his health .
Already thin , he became gaunt .
No doubt fatigue contributed to his tendency to lose his way on the streets of Paris .
Occasionally he would return to his family estate in Mugron to rest and visit with his Aunt Justine , now old and ailing .
The Revolution of 1848
By early 1848 , France was in danger of collapse .
Real wages had been declining since 1820 , serious strikes had occurred in the early 1830s , and a general strike had come in 1840 .
Bad harvests in 1845 and 1846 drove food prices even higher , and a depression began in 1847 that left a third of Paris on relief before the end of the year .
A cholera epidemic added to the economic misery .
During 1848 , the number of businesses in Paris fell by over 50 percent .
To deal with these problems , the government had many ideas , all of them bad .
One member of the Chamber of Deputies received a standing ovation for a speech calling for a more militant foreign policy .
Francois Guizot , the king 's first minister , called on all Frenchmen to join the wealthy middle class — " Enrichissez vous , enrichissez vous " — since only this group had the right of suffrage .
In practice , getting rich meant bootlicking the dispensers of government favors .
Corruption permeated all aspects of French life , even affecting French wine , which was often so adulterated it could not be sold abroad .
– Bastiat " What can my feeble voice , my sickly and nervous constitution , accomplish in the midst of revolutionary tempests ? "
The country 's poor were more upset over France 's lost military glory than over the disastrous condition of the economy .
For this they blamed the " shopkeeper " mentality of Louis Philippe , who had signed treaties detrimental to France 's territorial claims .
Since 1830 , there had been 17 assassination attempts on the king 's life , and some thought it was because Louis was a spineless peacemaker .
The poor might have been hungry , but what they wanted more than food was a revival of the military glory they experienced under Napoleon I .
In the early days of 1848 , Bastiat was still working furiously on his trade association — writing articles for three different journals , publishing a weekly newspaper , making speeches , corresponding with leaders of trade associations in the provinces , writing works that would become his lasting legacy , and traveling to England to meet with Cobden , who , he discovered , was even busier than he was .
Bastiat did all this and more while tuberculosis slowly consumed the last of his health .
The February revolution of 1848 put an end to Bastiat 's free - trade activities .
Paris had become a cauldron of anger , ready to explode .
The British writer Thackeray described the city as " ranting , gaudy , and theatrical . "
In February , rioting broke out after the government canceled a large political banquet .
Students and workers erected barricades and roamed the streets starting fires .
The revolutionaries called for Guizot 's dismissal , and the king reluctantly complied .
But rather than calming the rioters , this only incited them further .
A Provisional Government
In the Chamber of Deputies , the conservatives — those who supported the king — and the opposition were at a loss about how to deal with the trouble outside .
Tocqueville described the situation :
The fall of the Government compromised the entire fortune of one , the daughter 's dowry of another , the son 's career of a third .
It was by this that they were almost all held .
Most of them had not only bettered themselves by means of their votes , but one may say that they had lived on them .
If many of the Conservatives only defended the Ministry with a view to keeping their places and emoluments , I am bound to say that many of the Opposition seemed to me only to attack it in order to reap the plunder in their turn .
The truth — the deplorable truth — is that a taste for holding office and a desire to live on the public money is not with us a disease restricted to either party , but the great , chronic ailment of the whole nation ; the result of the democratic constitution of our society and of the excessive centralization of our Government ; the secret malady which undermined all former governments , and which will undermine all governments to come .
Meanwhile , the revolutionary leaders met in a room at the Hotel de Ville in an attempt to create a provisional government .
Students , workers , and intellectuals , some of them bleeding from street fighting , filled the rest of the hotel , their anger undiminished .
The National Guard , charged with policing the city , stood down ; some of them stacked their muskets and began socializing with the crowd .
Outside Paris , railroads and bridges had been destroyed for 30 miles .
No food was allowed to come into the city , other than wine .
Many of the rioters were drunk as they went from home to home intimidating the residents .
Somehow , Louis Philippe and his family managed to flee the Tuileries unscathed , never to return .
The provisional government at the hotel finally established a regime under Alphonse de Lamartine , an orator and poet , who had called for a " republic " instead of a more radical social organization .
None of the new republicans , however , knew what to do , and they were under pressure from socialists and communists outside of government who were demanding an equal division of property and whose printed slogan was " bread or blood . "
For dealing with the crisis , intellectuals poured forth countless proposals , all of them calling for a powerful central government to achieve their objectives .
Inequalities of all kinds were to be eliminated ; poverty was to be outlawed ; work would be a thing of the past .
Bastiat had been in correspondence with Lamartine for three years prior to the 1848 revolution .
During a meeting in Marseilles in 1846 , Lamartine endorsed Bastiat 's principles of free trade and freedom generally , and when Lamartine became president he apparently offered Bastiat a job in the new government .
Bastiat declined , preferring to remain an independent critic .
Government Solutions
In his speeches Lamartine stressed the importance of fraternity among the French people .
By this he meant forcing it upon the people through various social - welfare measures .
Bastiat , who held that government 's only legitimate role was to administer " justice , " maintained that imposed fraternity would negate this function .
" You cannot legislate fraternity , " he said , " without legislating injustice . "
A man named Louis Antoine Garnier - Pages agreed to be minister of finance after Lamartine 's first choice , a well - to - do Parisian banker , said he would rather commit suicide than share responsibility for the new government .
Garnier - Pages decided to restore the government 's credit by repudiating its obligations .
He declared the notes of France to be legal tender , such notes redeemable not in specie , but in other French notes .
Labor problems were turned over to the Paris chief of police .
Since strikes were a problem , the chief issued a police order forbidding them .
He helped " solve " the unemployment problem by recruiting some of the jobless into the National Guard , which soon increased by 90,000 members .
But unemployment still persisted .
Under pressure from idle workers , the socialist and influential Assembly member Louis Blanc had a motion approved on February 25 establishing a public - works project called the National Workshops .
With this stroke of government genius , workers had to weave their way through a hive of bureaucracy to see if there were job vacancies to be filled .
Workshop members wore bee insignias on the caps , while Workshop officers had the added prestige of wearing armbands .
The bureaucratic ordeal was exhausting , often leaving those unable to get work " tired , starving and discontented " at day 's end , even as they collected a dole from their commune maire ( mayor ) .
Blanc 's " right to work " principle drew more people into Paris , creating more job seekers than jobs .
Bastiat Enters Politics
Determined to serve as a spokesman against the rising tide of statism , Bastiat went back to his home district and got himself elected as a deputy to the National Assembly during the elections of April 23 , 1848 .
Leaving peaceful Mugron for the strife of Paris would not only accelerate his physical deterioration , but he believed it would keep him from synthesizing his economic ideas into one last work , which he desperately wanted to write .
" Bastiat 's message is not that the unhampered market is a well - oiled machine free of strife and error . "
He also questioned how much good he could accomplish in a city where a hundred thousand armed workmen were dying of hunger and spouting idiocies imbibed from demagogues .
He wrote , " What can my feeble voice , my sickly and nervous constitution , accomplish in the midst of revolutionary tempests ? "
The meeting of the Assembly on May 4 , 1848 was worse than Bastiat expected .
In striving to demonstrate their egalitarian credentials , members competed with one another to see who could shout , " Long live the republic ! " the loudest .
Political hatreds and jealousies abounded , along with a growing terror of the mob outside .
Both the socialists and antisocialists regarded Lamartine as their savior : the socialists because he was a government man to the bone , and the antisocialists because he was the only leader with enough support to stop socialism .
Outside the Assembly , Paris was growing louder .
The National Workshops had become a paramilitary organization , demanding far more than what the government had given them , and they were growing more powerful and rapacious each day .
Knowing they could no longer delay the inevitable , the National Assembly , on June 21 , voted to abolish the National Workshops .
A day later , Workshop troops were building barricades in the streets , and another revolution was soon underway .
After three days of carnage , the government 's firepower proved decisive .
The military blasted the barricades with cannon , and government forces garnered willing support from the provinces .
It is no mystery why rural residents opposed the uprising .
New taxes had been imposed on the landed class , peasants , and small farmers , and they deeply resented being forced to pay for Paris workers ' alleged right to work .
After receiving telegraphs appealing for help , the provinces responded with the " instant and enthusiastic " support of their National Guard units .
As Tocqueville commented ,
It was evident from that moment that we should end by gaining the day , for the insurgents received no reinforcements , whereas we had all France for reserves .
As with most government - induced crises , there was little understanding among the people about the interaction between hampered markets and declining social welfare .
Amid the clamor for more government intervention coming from the Left and Right , Bastiat was the one man calling for freedom .
Yet his weakened lungs often left him unable to address the Assembly or to be heard over the tumult .
By necessity he carried on his fight with an outpouring of written works , which thoroughly demolished unsound theories .
In spite of his weakened condition , the little time remaining to him was to be his most prodigious period of writing .
Bastiat 's Last Works
Following the failure of the government to come up with a new constitution , another Napoleon was swept into office on December 10 , 1849 .
The French wanted a dictator , and they got one .
Louis Napoleon " gave the French people a steady diet of imperialistic and republican sentiment " while intervening in the political affairs of other countries . [ 2 ]
In 1850 , which was to be Bastiat 's last year , he wrote two of his most famous works —
The Law and " What is Seen and What is Not Seen . "
His message in The Law is well - known and universally neglected :
The law as it exists is a perversion of justice .
" It has converted plunder into a right , that it may protect it , and lawful defense into a crime , that it may punish it . "
When the law is thus perverted it gives " to politics , properly so called , an exaggerated preponderance . "
The plundered classes tend to enter politics to take part in lawmaking .
Depending on their degree of enlightenment , he says , they may either " wish to put an end to lawful plunder , or they may desire to take part in it . "
He says repeatedly that law is justice , and justice he defines as the absence of injustice .
The law and its " necessary agent , " force , impose nothing on a man
but a mere negation .
They only oblige him to abstain from doing harm .
They violate neither his personality , his liberty , nor his property .
They only guard the personality , the liberty , the property of others .
They hold themselves on the defensive ; they defend the equal right of all .
His pamphlet " What is Seen and What is Not Seen " was written three times .
The first one he lost , the second one he torched for being too serious , and the third is the one we know .
The work applies what Jörg Guido Hülsmann identifies as counterfactual analysis to various state activities that had been the subject of recent speeches delivered in the National Assembly — demobilization of military forces , taxes , subsidizing the arts , public works , and others .
To illustrate his main thesis , though , Bastiat begins the essay with a simple fable about a boy who hurls a rock through a store window .
According to Rothbard , Bastiat presents three levels of analysis .
[ 3 ]
The first is common sense , in which onlookers deplore the broken window and sympathize with the shop owner .
The second level Rothbard calls proto-Keynesian .
Someone in the crowd remarks that the broken window is really an economic blessing because it will mean additional income to the workers who fix it .
According to this view , and contrary to common sense , destruction of property stimulates the economy and spreads its blessings through the " multiplier effect " on production and employment .
" Bastiat wrote that what gave him courage was the thought that his life may not have been useless to mankind . "
We see the loss to the owner and we see the employment provided to the glazier .
What we do not see is what the owner could have done with the money he spent to repair the window .
This is Bastiat 's third level of analysis .
If the owner had not spent six francs to replace the window ( thus enriching the glazier ) , he might have spent those six francs replacing his worn shoes ( thus enriching the shoemaker ) and had both the window and new shoes .
The good economist , Bastiat concludes , employs counterfactual analysis , though he did n't use that term .
That is , the good economist takes into account both " the effects that can be seen and those that must be foreseen . "
The bad economist confines himself to the visible effects only ( and to working for the government ) .
In his preface to the English translation of Bastiat 's magnum opus , Economic Harmonies , George B. de Huszar says that Bastiat considered this work to be the counterpart to Economic Sophisms , in that Sophisms pulled down while Harmonies pulled up .
The first edition of the Harmonies , which contained 10 chapters , was published only a few months before Bastiat 's death on December 24 , 1850 .
Some of the material had been published earlier .
Chapter one , " Natural and Artificial Social Order , " appeared originally in the January 1848 issue of Journal des économistes .
The second edition of Harmonies was published posthumously under a commission from Bastiat and contained 15 additional chapters and an appendix .
Bastiat considered the first 10 chapters " all too hastily written , " and the other 15 chapters are more like notes than fully developed thoughts .
As he discusses in the introductory section , " To the Youth of France , " Bastiat 's message in the Harmonies is not that the unhampered market is a well - oiled machine free of strife and error .
He does not say that people will always get along , but " that there is a natural harmony among men's interests , " and personal liberty is necessary to realize this harmony .
Nor does he deny that " poverty , injustice , and oppression … desolate the human race . "
The question to ask is " whether or not we have liberty . "
We need to ask if liberty is being allowed to act " with full force , or whether [ its ] action is not profoundly disrupted by the contrary action of institutions of human origin . "
It is not enough , then , to set forth the natural laws of the social order in all their majestic harmony ; it is also necessary to show the disturbing factors that nullify their action .
That is the task I have undertaken in the second part of this work .
Even in its unfinished state , Economic Harmonies belies Joseph Schumpeter 's comment that Bastiat " was no theorist . "
Bastiat was not only a great theorist , but one that the economics profession has neglected at untold expense .
One can only imagine how much better the world would be now if Bastiat and his market theories , rather than Keynes and his fascist theories , were widely esteemed .
Remembering Bastiat
How often have people found it difficult to compose an intelligible thought when they 're down with the cold or flu ?
In Bastiat 's case , he composed some of his most profound ideas while suffering from the late stages of tuberculosis .
As an act of heroism it ranks with the dedication of Washington Roebling , who with the aid of his wife built the Brooklyn Bridge while suffering a terrible illness .
$ 50 $ 44 " Bastiat wrote that what gave him courage was the thought that his life may not have been useless to mankind . "
How sick was Bastiat ?
In a letter to Richard Cobden in August , he described himself as " afflicted with a disease of the larynx , accompanied with a complete extinction of voice . "
Later , while visiting Rome ( where he eventually died ) , he wrote to his old friend Coudroy that
This continuity of suffering torments me .
Every meal is a punishment .
To eat , drink , speak , cough , are all painful operations .
Walking fatigues me — carriage airings irritate the throat — I can no longer work , or even read , seriously .
You see to what I am reduced .
I shall soon be little better than a dead body , retaining only the faculty of suffering .
A few months before he died , Bastiat wrote that what gave him courage was the thought that his life may not have been useless to mankind .
Far beyond that humble hope , his works and personal courage are now playing an important role in saving mankind .
More on Definitions of Atheism
Oxford English Dictionary ( OED ) , Second Edition
Here is how the OED defines " atheism " :
atheism Disbelief in , or denial of , the existence of a god .
disbelieve 1. trans .
Not to believe or credit ; to refuse credence to : a. a statement or ( alleged ) fact :
To reject the truth or reality of .
deny
To contradict or gainsay ( anything stated or alleged ) ; to declare to be untrue or untenable , or not what it is stated to be .
Logic .
The opposite of affirm ; to assert the contradictory of ( a proposition ) .
To refuse to admit the truth of ( a doctrine or tenet ) ; to reject as untrue or unfounded ; the opposite of assert or maintain .
To refuse to recognize or acknowledge ( a person or thing ) as having a certain character or certain claims ; to disown , disavow , repudiate , renounce .
Note that the OED definition covers the whole spectrum of atheist belief , from weak atheism ( those who do not believe in or credit the existence of one or more gods ) to strong atheism ( those who assert the contrary position , that a god does not exist ) .
Here is the OED 's definition of " agnostic " :
agnostic A. sb .
One who holds that the existence of anything beyond and behind material phenomena is unknown and ( so far as can be judged ) unknowable , and especially that a First Cause and an unseen world are subjects of which we know nothing .
It is interesting to compare this to Huxley 's definition .
Webster 's 3rd New International Dictionary Unabridged
Here is Webster 's definition of atheism :
atheism n 1 a : disbelief in the existence of God or any other deity b : the doctrine that there is neither god nor any other deity -- compare AGNOSTICISM 2 : godlessness esp. in conduct disbelief n : the act of disbelieving : mental refusal to accept ( as a statement or proposition ) as true disbelieve vb vt : to hold not to be true or real : reject or withold belief in vi : to withold or reject belief
Note that again , both strong ( 1b ) and weak ( 1a ) atheism are included in the definition .
Atheist books
One might argue that the term " Jewish " should properly be defined by Jews , and that similarly the term " atheist " should be defined by atheists .
So , here are a few quotes from popular atheist books about atheism .
It turns out that the word atheism means much less than I had thought .
It is merely the lack of theism .
Basic atheism is not a belief .
It is the lack of belief .
There is a difference between believing there is no god and not believing there is a god -- both are atheistic , though popular usage has ignored the latter .
Losing Faith in Faith : From Preacher to Atheist , p. 99 .
Freedom From Religion Foundation , 1992 . ]
[ Dan Barker , p. 99 .
Freedom From Religion Foundation , 1992 . ]
The word " atheism , " however , has in this contention to be construed unusally .
Whereas nowadays the usual meaning of " atheist " in English is " someone who asserts there is no such being as God , " I want the word to be understood not positively but negatively .
I want the originally Greek prefix " a " to be read in the same way in " atheist " as it customarily is read in such other Greco - English words as " amoral , " " atypical , " and " asymmetrical . "
In this interpretation an atheist becomes : someone who is simply not a theist .
Let us , for future ready reference , introduce the labels " positive atheist " for the former and " negative atheist " for the latter .
God , Freedom , and Immortality p. 14 .
Prometheus , 1984 . ]
[ Antony G.N. Flew and Paul Edwards , p. 14 . Prometheus , 1984 . ]
If you look up " atheism " in the dictionary , you will probably find it defined as the belief that there is no God .
Certainly many people understand atheism in this way .
Yet many atheists do not , and this is not what the term means if one considers it from the point of view of its Greek roots .
In Greek " a " means " without " or " not " and " theos " means " god . "
From this standpoint an atheist would simply be someone without a belief in God , not necessarily someone who believes that God does not exist .
According to its Greek roots , then , atheism is a negative view , characterized by the absence of belief in God .
Atheism : A Philosophical Justification , p. 463 .
Temple University Press , 1990 . ]
[ Michael Martin , , p. 463.
Temple University Press , 1990 . ]
Martin goes on to cite sveral other well - known nontheists in history who used or implied this definition of " atheism , " including Baron d'Holbach ( 1770 ) , Richard Carlile ( 1826 ) , Charles Southwell ( 1842 ) , Charles Bradlaugh ( 1876 ) , and Anne Besant ( 1877 ) .
Actually here can be downloaded more than 900 mb of free samples ( 49 free refills and 22 free wav samples packages togheter ) .
Because of this i got a big number of downloads on each moment , every day ,!
So , if your connection beggining slow , just abort the connection and try again later , !
And an advice : use FlashGet !
All the wav samples packs and refills posted in this page are royalty - free .
This means that you can use the samples in your own compositions and songs without paying any further royalties ( but you are , however , not allowed to resell or redistribute any or all of the samples as a sample pack , refill , sf2 , etc or on a sample CD ) .
Enjoy my friends !
FREE PROFESSIONAL & HIGH QUALITY SAMPLES SERIES
* IMPORTANT !
A part of the download links of the FREE samples are placed right on this page , another part of the download links of the FREE samples are placed in other pages !
( Clicking a link signed with * you 'll be moved to another page where 'll find the download links .
All the rest of the links from this page ( without *) are direct download links !)
Erotic Dreams ( 1 ) Erotic Dreams ( 2 ) Erotic Dreams ( 3 )
REFILL WAVS REFILL WAVS REFILL WAVS
Words ( 2 ) - Baby Words ( 3 ) - All Right Words ( 4 ) - Aiiii Words ( 5 ) - A - Long
REFILL WAVS REFILL WAVS REFILL WAVS REFILL WAVS
50ProcessEthnPercuss 10 OrchestraHitInterv
REFILL ( link2 ) WAVS ( link2 ) REFILL WAVS
Ipu Words ( I ) - Baby Manjeera Sangban FX07
* REFILL * WAVS REFILL WAVS * REFILL * WAVS * REFILL * WAVS REFILL WAVS
SuperPercussionsFXv1 SuperPercussionsFXv1 SuperPercussionsFXv2 SuperPercussionsFXv2 SuperPercussionsFXv3
* wavs * REFILL * wavs * REFILL * wavs
SuperPercussionsFXv3 SuperPercussionsFXv4 SuperPercussionsFXv4 50FXPercussions - part2 Reverses
* REFILL * wavs * REFILL REFILL WAVS REFILL WAVS
50 PowerHits FX06 50 FXPercussions 50 SubsForASnare FX05
REFILL WAVS REFILL WAVS REFILL WAVS REFILL WAVS REFILL WAVS
Superdrums8000 Demo Superdrums8000 Demo Magic Guitars 01 Voices03 ( natural03 ) Harmony Help
* REFILL * WAVS REFILL WAVS REFILL REFILL
Voices02 ( natural02 ) Voices01 ( natural01 ) Absynth - part.4( organs ) Absynth - part .3( pads ) Absynth - part .2( synths )
REFILL WAVS REFILL WAVS REFILL REFILL REFILL
Absynth - part .1( drums ) WonderfulPads03 WonderfulPads02 WonderfulPads01 200NewScratches
REFILL REFILL REFILL REFILL REFILL WAVS
FREE LOW QUALITY SAMPLES SERIES
If you need one or more refills from this low quality series just send me an e-mail at dorumalaia2@walla.com !
Latin America ’s New Cold War ?
Nearly two decades after the global arms race of the Cold War ended , many Latin America watchers today are worried about a new military standoff : between Colombia and Venezuela .
As before , Washington is integral to the debate .
Tensions on both sides of the border have run high for several years , but a joint U.S. - Colombia military cooperation agreement signed on Oct. 30 seems to have escalated them to new heights .
Critics of the agreement , including Venezuelan officials , accuse the United States of imperial ambitions , while Colombia defends its decision as a means to combat drug trafficking and terrorism .
With accusations of bad faith multiplying , Foreign Policy decided to hear both sides of the story .
* * *
A Bad Deal
By Bernardo Alvarez Herrera
After Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez ’s November deployment of 15,000 troops to the porous border with Colombia , some analysts have worried about the prospect of conflict between the two neighbors .
It ’s not the first time our countries have had disagreements .
And , as usual , Venezuela is being blamed in Washington for this dispute .
Some go as far as to claim that Chávez has used the conflict with Colombia as a means to whip up nationalist fervor .
But this is n’t about nationalism or petty disputes .
As much as some in Washington want to think so , this is no mere spat between Colombian President Álvaro Uribe and our President Chávez .
Those that say so just do n’t understand the context underlying the tensions between Colombia and Venezuela and the central role that Washington has played in them .
A case in point is the October military agreement signed between Bogotá and Washington that would give U.S. military personnel , intelligence officials , and defense contractors access to military bases on Colombian soil .
This agreement ’s vague provisions and questionable motivations threaten regional stability and territorial sovereignty , alter the region ’s military balance , and threaten to push more of the violence and drug trafficking that is endemic to Colombia ’s conflict across its borders .
The current tensions between our countries are just one expression of the broader regional concern over this pact .
When the agreement first came to light in July 2009 , many countries in South America worried about the impact it would have on regional stability .
In two summits of the Union of South American Nations ( UNASUR ) , 11 of 12 member states united in their opposition to the military agreement and expressed concern that it would further externalize Colombia ’s internal conflict .
They also demanded guarantees that joint U.S. - Colombian operations would not violate the sovereignty of neighboring countries .
More recently , the presidents of Argentina and Brazil released a joint statement of concern over the deployment of foreign troops in the region and the threat their presence could pose to regional countries ’ territorial sovereignty .
South America has good reason to be particularly worried .
In its fiscal 2010 budget request presented to Congress in May , the U.S. Air Force justified an air base development project in Colombia by explaining that " Development of this CSL [ cooperative security location ] provides a unique opportunity for full spectrum operations in a critical sub region of our hemisphere where security and stability is under constant threat from narcotics funded terrorist insurgencies , anti-U.S. governments , endemic poverty and recurring natural disaster . "
This document , which was not part of the agreement itself but still refers to an air base where U.S. troops will be stationed under the agreement ’s provisions , gave an honest insight into how U.S. military officials envisioned future deployments in the region .
The U.S. Air Force subsequently removed any mention of " anti-U.S. governments " from the document , but did so only after the U.S. - Colombia cooperation agreement was signed and various countries expressed their strong reservations .
Although the words disappeared , the language outlining the strategic value of the Colombian bases to broader U.S. military global strategic deployment did not .
This agreement is a geopolitical foray into the region on the part of Washington .
Indeed , it has become clear that a U.S. presence in Colombia will have far larger implications for the region than just helping eradicate coca — as the failed Plan Colombia originally claimed to — or support the Colombian government in fighting insurgents .
And it is n’t just Venezuela that sees this possibility .
In July , Rafael Pardo , Colombia ’s former defense minister , called the agreement analogous to " lending the balcony of your apartment to someone from outside so that he can keep watch of the neighbors . "
In a statement on the agreement , the well - respected Washington Office on Latin America noted : " This appears to be an agreement without borders , potentially allowing the U.S. military to conduct virtually any mission against virtually any perceived threat . "
The concerns expressed by the region and by Venezuela ’s recent defensive moves also have more practical foundations .
In March 2008 , Colombia launched an attack on Ecuadorean territory , bombing what the Colombian government claimed to be a FARC encampment .
The attack was an unprecedented violation of territorial sovereignty and an endorsement of the George W. Bush doctrine of pre-emptive war .
Suddenly , Venezuela faced not only a neighbor engaged in fighting an internal enemy but also a neighbor that was willing to take that fight across international borders on the thinnest of pretexts .
The new U.S. - Colombia agreement does n’t do anything to assuage regional concerns that more violations of sovereignty wo n’t occur .
While it does not contemplate operations in third countries , it does not explicitly prohibit them .
Just as it would be for any country , this is an unacceptable threat to Venezuela .
You do n’t have to like President Chávez to understand the hostile reality Venezuela and the region face .
For decades , Venezuela has had to contend with an internal conflict in Colombia that has spilled across the 1,400 - mile border .
Now , the region also has to face a U.S. military presence that has been officially justified on the need to develop " full spectrum operations " throughout the region and act against the " threat " posed by alleged " anti-U.S. governments , " as stated in the Air Force budget request .
The countries of the region will continue working together as they have in past months to address the crisis that the U.S. - Colombia agreement has provoked .
Another UNASUR summit was held on Nov. 27 to discuss the agreement , but at the last minute Colombia ’s foreign and defense ministers decided not to attend .
The organization agreed to request a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to discuss the bases and additionally restated its opposition to any threats to regional stability or the sovereignty of UNASUR member states .
We hope that Barack Obama ’s administration and members of the U.S. Congress who have supported the bases come to understand the grave implications their decision has had on regional stability — and choose to reverse it .
Next , Colombia ’s ambassador responds :
Nothing to Fear
By Carolina Barco
Colombia is a country that has suffered from a lethal combination of drug trafficking and terrorism and is fully committed to countering these plights .
The agreement signed by Colombia and the United States on Oct. 30 builds on a long - standing bilateral partnership against the trade of illegal drugs and terrorism and reflects a reality that U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon stated candidly this week : " Trafficking is evolving into an ever graver threat that is affecting all regions of the world . "
He went on to call on member states to " work with each other " to counter it .
Our country has fought drug trafficking for decades .
We have dedicated an important part of our resources to this effort .
Most of the operations of the Colombian Navy , for example , are interdiction operations — all paid for by Colombian taxpayers .
This year , the Navy will set a new record for cocaine seizures , around 110 tons .
Similarly , the Air Force has managed to reduce illegal flights out of Colombia by 97 percent , thanks to the joint U.S. - Colombia Air Bridge Denial program , which is intended to target drug traffickers by intercepting suspicious planes .
Many brave soldiers and policemen have sacrificed their lives in operations against drug trafficking organizations .
Their sacrifice prevents illegal drugs from reaching the United States and Europe and curtails the violence , corruption , and intimidation that narcotics bring to transit countries in Central America , the Caribbean , and increasingly , the African continent .
This fight has been successful in Colombia as well .
After years of persistent action , results are more evident .
In their 2009 reports , the United Nations and the U.S. Office of National Drug Control Policy ( ONDCP ) have identified clear and substantial progress in reducing drug cultivation and production in Colombia .
Comparing 2007 with 2008 , the United Nations reports an 18 percent reduction in the area cultivated with coca crops and a 28 percent decrease in overall cocaine production .
For the same period , the ONDCP reports a 29 percent reduction in the area cultivated with coca crops and a 39 percent decrease in overall cocaine production .
We have been even more effective against the drug trafficking networks .
To date , 14 out of 15 of the top drug kingpins we identified in 2007 have been captured .
These results are the product of our increasingly capable and professional public forces , and they have dramatically changed the lives of ordinary Colombians .
Thanks to these efforts , which have led to a massive improvement in security conditions , Colombians now feel they live in a country that is much safer — and where greater security is constantly being pursued .
Bogotá has lower crime rates than many other capitals of the continent and , for most Colombians , fear is a thing of the past .
This improved security has allowed social investment and institutions to enter areas where there had previously been no government presence .
The education , health , and justice sectors are now accessible in all of Colombia , which is an immense change from just under a decade ago .
Although President Álvaro Uribe ’s Democratic Security Policy has been central to these achievements , Colombia ’s transformation would not have been possible without the help of the United States .
We take on this fight with our own soldiers , we capture drug kingpins with our own policemen , and our taxpayers finance 96 percent of the budget , but the support of the United States in critical areas has been instrumental in achieving these results .
U.S. cooperation through the bipartisan program known as Plan Colombia is an unquestionable success .
Plan Colombia began in 2000 and has proven an ideal framework through which to accomplish common goals in the fight against drug trafficking and terrorism .
Our relationship with the United States has matured over the years , and the new cooperation agreement builds on and better organizes that relationship .
The fight is not over yet .
The extraordinary results we have achieved in drug interdiction , for example , owe a lot to ongoing cooperation between our two governments .
Our partnership is not just important for our own efforts ; it benefits Central America , Mexico , and the United States as well , because drugs are wreaking havoc up to the Rio Grande and beyond .
The agreement gives a clearer framework for what we have already been doing in a transparent and open manner ; the full text has been posted on the Colombian and U.S. governments ’ websites .
This agreement does not set up U.S. bases in Colombia .
It does provide the United States access to Colombian bases , but command and control , administration , and security remains in Colombia ’s hands .
Combined U.S. - Colombia activities are mutually agreed upon in advance .
The agreement does not result in any significant increase in the U.S. military presence in Colombia ; the number of American service members and contractors has been and will remain under the U.S. congressionally mandated cap .
The agreement builds upon decades of cooperation in fighting terrorists and criminal and drug cartels , a common objective of all countries in the hemisphere and also one in which Colombia and the United States have a long history of cooperation .
Colombia is eager to work with every country in fighting the criminal activity that has cost it so dearly .
The agreement explicitly recognizes the principle of sovereign equality of states as well as those of nonintervention and territorial integrity .
These are very important elements for any agreement , not just with the United States ; they are elements that Colombia has shared with its friends and neighbors in the hemisphere .
There are countries in this region and others that are now going through what we ourselves experienced a decade or two ago .
U.S. cooperation in Colombia has allowed us to build our expertise and know - how to a level that we can now share with others .
We are already providing training and advice to police services from Trinidad to Haiti , the Dominican Republic , Panama , Costa Rica , and Guatemala , as well as Mexico .
Drug cartels are transnational in their reach and the fight against them must be so too .
The Colombian people know the stakes .
According to a November 2009 Gallup poll , 67 percent of Colombians support the agreement between their country and the United States .
It is time for other countries to join in and help solve these problems .
Who needs anonymous sources when the government is perfectly capable of leaking its own secrets ?
Government workers preparing the release of a Transportation Security Administration manual that details airport screening procedures badly bungled their redaction of the .pdf file .
Result :
The full text of a document considered " sensitive security information " was inadvertently leaked .
Anyone who 's interested can read about which passengers are more likely to be targeted for secondary screening , who is exempt from screening , TSA procedures for screening foreign dignitaries and CIA - escorted passengers , and extensive instructions for calibrating Siemens walk - through metal detectors .
The 93 - page document also includes sample images of DHS , CIA ( see above ) and congressional identification cards , with instructions on what to look for to verify an authentic pass .
The manual , titled Screening Management Standard Operating Procedure , is dated May 28 , 2008 .
It contains this warning : " NO PART OF THIS RECORD MAY BE DISCLOSED TO PERSONS WITHOUT A ' NEED TO KNOW . ' "
Notwithstanding that disclaimer , the document appeared on FedBizOpps , a government clearinghouse that lists federal contracting opportunities for vendors .
It has since been removed from the site , but not before someone grabbed it and submitted it to the whistleblower site Cryptome , where the formerly - redacted portions are highlighted in red boxes .
The discovery was first made by a blogger at Wandering Aramean .
TSA spokeswoman Sterling Payne told Threat Level that the document was an " outdated version " of its operating procedures , and that the administration " took swift action when this was discovered . "
She said " a full review " is underway to discover why the redacted material was not properly protected .
" TSA has many layers of security to keep the traveling public safe and to constantly adapt to evolving threats , " added Payne in an e-mail .
" TSA has appropriate measures in place to effectively screen passengers at airport security checkpoints nationwide . "
The manual was posted as a redacted .pdf document , with sensitive sections blacked out .
But the government apparently has n't learned from past redaction flubs and merely overlaid black rectangles on the sensitive text in the .pdf , instead of cutting the text itself .
Anyone can uncover the hidden text by simply copying and pasting the blacked out portions into another document .
One of the redacted sections , for example , indicates that an armed law enforcement officer in or out of uniform may pass beyond the checkpoint without screening after providing a U.S. government - issued photo ID and " Notice of LEO Flying Armed Document . "
Some commercial airline pilots receive training by the U.S. Marshals Service and are allowed to carry TSA - issued firearms on planes .
They can pass through without screening only after presenting " bonafide credentials and aircraft operator photo ID , " the document says .
Foreign dignitaries equivalent to cabinet rank and above , accompanying a spouse , their children under the age of 12 , and a State Department escort are exempt from screening .
There are also references to a CIA program called WOMAP , the Worldwide Operational Meet and Assist Program .
As part of WOMAP , foreign dignitaries and their escorts – authorized CIA representatives – are exempt from screening , provided they 're approved in advance by TSA 's Office of Intelligence .
Passengers carrying passports from Cuba , Iran , North Korea , Libya , Syria , Sudan , Afghanistan , Lebanon , Somalia , Iraq , Yemen or Algeria are to be designated for selective screening .
Although only a few portions of the document were redacted , the manual contains other tidbits that were n't redacted , such as a thorough description of diplomatic pouches that are exempt from screening .
A. Diplomatic pouches are exempt from any form of screening .
A diplomatic pouch can be a bag , pouch , or container holding diplomatic correspondence , documents , or articles .
Although an individual transporting a diplomatic pouch may have diplomatic immunity , that individual and his or her nondiplomatic accessible property and checked baggage must undergo screening and all alarms must be resolved .
B . The diplomatic pouch must have visible external markings in English that state " Diplomatic Pouch " or " Diplomatic Bag " .
The pouch must bear an official seal of the sending government or international organization .
For example , a seal could be a lead seal attached to a tie that closes the pouch , a printed seal on the fabric of the pouch , or an ink seal impressed on a detachable tag .
The pouch must be addressed to an office of the government or international organization whose seal the pouch bears .
For unaccompanied pouches tendered as checked baggage , a detachable certificate will be affixed to the outside of the pouch that describes the pouch and certifies the contents as diplomatic materials .
The Department of State ( DOS ) encourages diplomatic couriers to notify the aircraft operator that they are carrying a diplomatic pouch .
C. When a diplomatic pouch is presented by a diplomatic courier to TSA at a screening checkpoint or screening location , the STSO must check that the diplomatic courier is carrying an official or diplomatic passport and a courier document or letter on their person for identification .
A courier letter must be on appropriate letterhead stationary and must bear a seal of the sending state , embassy , consulate , or international organization .
The courier letter must be signed by the relevant Ambassador or Chief of Mission serving in the United States .
The courier document must clearly identify the bearer and his or her status as a diplomatic courier and must contain information sufficient to identify the pouch ( es ) , to include the number of pouches being escorted .
This is not the first time that redacted documents have leaked sensitive data .
AT&T lawyers defending their company in a spying suit made the same mistake three years ago in a redacted court filing .
Confidential details discussed during a closed - door settlement hearing in a lawsuit against Facebook were revealed earlier this year when parts of the hearing transcript were insufficiently redacted .
Federal prosecutors also made redaction errors in court documents they filed against two San Francisco reporters who covered the BALCO steroids story .
In 2003 , the Justice Department botched the redaction of a controversial workplace diversity report , and in 2000 the New York Times inadvertently leaked the names of CIA collaborators when it published an improperly redacted CIA file on its website that documented American and British officials ' engineering of the 1953 Iranian coup .
Adobe provides extensive guidelines for properly redacting ( .pdf ) information in .pdfs .
Updated 5:15 p.m with comments from TSA .
Coping with mild early life stress tends to make subsequent coping efforts more effective and therefore more likely to be used as a means of arousal regulation and resilience .
Here we show that this developmental learning - like process of stress inoculation increases ventromedial prefrontal cortical volumes in peripubertal monkeys .
Larger volumes do not reflect increased cortical thickness , but instead represent surface area expansion of ventromedial prefrontal cortex .
Expansion of ventromedial prefrontal cortex coincides with increased white matter myelination inferred from diffusion tensor magnetic resonance imaging .
These findings suggest that the process of coping with early life stress increases prefrontal myelination and expands a region of cortex that broadly controls arousal regulation and resilience .
Stressful experiences that are challenging but not overwhelming appear to promote the development of subsequent resilience in children .
Variously described as inoculating , immunizing , steeling , toughening , or thriving , the notion that mild early life stress induces the development of resilience is further supported by longitudinal studies of non-human primates .
Squirrel monkey mothers and other group members periodically leave newly weaned offspring beginning at 3 - 6 months of age to forage for food on their own .
Initially , brief intermittent separations studied in controlled experimental conditions elicit distress peep calls and increase plasma levels of cortisol with partial habituation of these measures of arousal observed over repeated social separations .
Later in life , monkeys exposed to intermittent separations show fewer behavioral indications of anxiety , increased exploration of novel situations , and diminished stress levels of cortisol compared to age - matched monkeys not exposed to prior separations .
These behavioral and hormonal outcomes reflect a nonspecific form of stress inoculation as exposure to one type of early life stress enhances subsequent arousal regulation in coping with different stressors encountered later in life .
" Prior exposure to separation stress also enhances prefrontal - dependent cognitive control of impulsive behavior and appears to increase ventromedial but not dorsolateral prefrontal volumes determined in vivo by non-invasive neuroimaging of the squirrel monkey brain .
These findings are of interest because large ventromedial prefrontal size in humans predicts diminished impulsivity , lower harm avoidance , and greater retention of learned extinction of fear .
Recent neuroimaging studies of humans support results from animal research confirming that learned extinction of fear is mediated by prefrontal down - regulation of arousal via inhibitory connections that diminish neural output from the amygdala .
Additional evidence likewise suggests that differences in the balance between top - down prefrontal regulation and arousal - inducing amygdala activation may account for global trait - like differences in coping with stress . "
We already know that " suffering builds character " , but a new study suggests that it may do a lot more than that .
Successfully coping with stress at an early age may significantly increase your chances of being a more resilient adult , as well as strengthen your ability to regulate emotions .
A new paper by Katz et al , " Prefrontal Plasticity and Stress Inoculation - Induced Resilience " , shows how exposure to mild stress as a young child can actually alter the brain in ways that make us better equipped to handle future stress as adults .
Parents may feel that by preventing their child from encountering any and all potential hardship they are helping to preserve their emotional well - being , but going through a little stress and encouraging them to cope with it effectively will benefit them far more when it comes to being a more resilient , independent , and emotionally stable adult .
I appreciate this study not only because it provides me with scientific justification for all of the difficulties I have endured in my own life , but also because it just makes sense .
I love studies that make sense .
The abstract states : Before you get intimidated by the neuro - speak , let me offer a brief explanation of the brain processes involved , in layman 's terms :
The prefrontal cortex ( PFC ) of the brain is the seat of cognitive control and executive functioning , which allows us to make reasonable decisions about situations we encounter .
When presented with a problem , the PFC allows us to analyze the situation , weigh the relevance of the information , and make sound decisions on how to act .
People who have a poorly functioning PFC –we can use Schizophrenia as an example– are unable to make reasonable sense of the vast amounts of information in front of them , interpret situations inaccurately , and as a result , engage in maladaptive behavior .
On the other hand , someone with a superior or properly functioning PFC is able to swiftly and effectively take in the same large amounts of stimuli , make appropriate judgments about the information , and thus are more likely to choose appropriate courses of action .
Myelination of axons increases the speed of transmission of information across neural connections .
When we speak ofin the brain , we are referring to the , or the part of the neuron that carries the information to the next neuron , or group of neurons . , on the other hand , refers to theor nerve cell bodies themselves ; an increase in gray matter volume , or cortical thickness , usually implies new neural connections , such as those resulting from learning a new skill .
In this study , exposure to stress resulted in an increase in the white matter myelination , which implies an increased speed at which the existing connections were able to transmit information in the neural networks .
So what does this mean in regards to exhibited behaviors ?
In this excerpt , Katz and colleagues explain how this exposure to stress , as measured in primates and humans , translates into future coping behaviors :
Here is what I find most interesting about this result : Contrary to what one may think exposure to stress as a child might reap in adulthood ( adjustment disorders , psychopathology , etc.. ) , instead they found the opposite effect .
Youths that were exposed to stress actually had less anxiety , lower levels of stress , had more confidence in exploring novel situations , or demonstrated an increased sense of independence .
So can exposure to stress actually be good for us ?
YES !
How is this possible ?
The study goes on to say , So what does this translate to ?
Basically , after coping with stress successfully , your brain says , " Hey , that was n't too bad .
I can handle this . "
The next time you encounter a similar - type stressful situation , your brain has already had success in coping before , so you do n't feel as much emotional anxiety .
You are able to assess the situation more quickly , judge the relevance of everything involved , and make more appropriate choices in how to act .
For example , giving a presentation in front of a crowd of people is generally seen as a stressful event .
If you go through your entire life without ever having to stand in front of a group and present information , this could be pretty stressful if you experience it for the first time as an adult .
However , after the first few times you have success with presenting ( you do n't go into cardiac arrest , people do n't throw rotten veggies ) , the anxiety gradually lessens , and hopefully , in the future these types of presentations wo n't be as anxiety - provoking .
Now imagine that as a child , you were encouraged to engage in activities that forced you to be in front of adults and present an idea or a skill , whether it were joining a debate club , or participating in a play , a dance recital , or a musical assembly .
Yes , it might be excruciatingly painful and anxiety - provoking to do it for the first time , and watching your child go through that agony might be just as painful for you .
But the more often he engages in the activity and successfully copes with the stress of performing in front of a crowd , the more confidence he is building , and the more resilience he will have in facing these types of situations as an adult .
Additionally , he will be better able to manage his emotions surrounding a stressful event , and less likely to suffer debilitating anxiety as a result .
To be clear , I am not merely talking about " getting used to the pain of embarrassment and humiliation . "
I am talking about making positive changes in the brain as a result of being exposed to and successfully coping with stress .
So am I telling you to let your child play in traffic , throw him out into the wilderness to hunt for food , or to force him to participate in a plethora of undesirable after school activities ?
No .
It does n't have to be that complicated , nor should it be that extreme .
The key point in the article is that mild stress exposure resulted in positive changes in the brain , not torture or a series of near - death experiences .
Alternatively , for example , rather than hovering over your child to make sure little Johnny does n't bully him , you should teach him how to handle bully situations , so when the time comes and he is bullied ( and it happens to everyone at some point ) , he is able to have some strategies in place to deal with it himself .
Or if he gets bullied and is unprepared for it , discuss it with him rationally .
Explain to him how to handle it next time , rather than marching over to the offending child and letting loose on him .
Now , I know it takes a lot of restraint not to lash out at someone who hurts your child , but encouraging him to cope with it successfully on his own will help him build the kind of resilience that will make him a confident adult , able to control his temper and act level - headed in conflict situations in the future .
And do n't we all want a world full of more rational , level - headed adults ?
The take - home point is this : not all stress is bad .
Even as children , being faced with challenging situations is a good thing .
We learn to problem - solve , think for ourselves , and build resilience to protect us from harm in future unexpected events .
As an added bonus , dealing with stress early on helps us to develop emotional stability as well .
You can't buffer your child from every non-happy moment in his life , so at least take comfort in the fact that while he is suffering in the short term , he is enhancing his well - being in the long term .
And building character , too .
Taktierende Bundeskanzlerin wartet im Fall Nawalny das OPCW - Ergebnis ab
Es ist absehbar , dass die in ihrer Glaubwürdigkeit angeschlagene OPCW wie im Skripal - Fall irgendwie Nowitschok bestätigt , wovon auch Moskau ausgeht , aber es wird wie vieles anderes ungeklärt bleiben , woher es kommt
From Conservapedia
The atheist agenda refers to an extensive ideology and programme , common to avowed atheists ( Atheists commonly fall on the left aisle of the political spectrum .
See : Atheism and politics and Secular left ) .
The atheist Dr. Gordon Stein declared :
“ Atheism has long ceased to be a rare and oft - ignored philosophical outlook ...
It has transformed itself into an active political programme with clear objectives which , though they vary from state to state , unequivocally include the elimination of state religion , religious education , and the enshrinement of scientism . [ 1 ] ”
The atheist agenda includes these objectives :
Removing creation science from curricula and outlawing its teaching in schools .
See : Evolutionary indoctrination Outlawing personal religion in schools under the guise of " separation of church and state " Indoctrinating atheistic and evolutionary ideology through the education system , and thus the public at large Undermining Christianity and other organized religion through widespread misinformation and deceit
History
The atheist political movement originated during the French Revolution , as Jacques Hébert and the Hébertists seeking to create a national atheist religion , the Cult of Reason in opposition to Robespierre 's theistic ( though violently deistic and anti-Christian ) Cult of the Supreme Being .
Atheists ' attempts to destroy faith were magnified in the 19th century , as philosophers such as Auguste Comte and Karl Marx attempted to describe religion 's downfall as inevitable , while Darwin and Freud attempted to twist science to support atheism in a pseudoscientific fashion .
( Note that the vast majority of scientists remained Christian throughout the 18th - 20th centuries . )
Atheist deification of politics
See : Atheist deification of politics
Creation Science and Evolution
The agenda begins with education , as it is the most powerful way to impact the views of a populace .
Atheists force the teaching of evolution as fact into scientific curricula , while using lawsuits to silence critics and remove and prohibit intelligent design . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
By doing so , atheists can remove the necessity of God in the universe in the minds of students , providing a foothold for atheist ideology , while connecting atheism with accepted scientific theory , though the link is nonsensical .
Atheist evolutionists routinely refuse to debate , notably as they typically lose to creationists , instead choosing to mock and deride creationism as not worth their time .
Outlawing Personal Religion
Atheists seek to not only make school sanctioning of religious activity illegal , but to make any profession or personal act of religion illegal in educational institutions .
This has had some limited success in the United States , but is state policy in France , where wearing religious clothing or symbols is an expulsion offense .
By limiting or removing religious expression in schools , atheists hope to reduce its impact in students ' lives and , most importantly , limit opportunities to spread the word .
The ultimate expression of this , to which all atheists aspire , was the prohibition of all forms of religious expression in Communist - era Albania ( 1945-1991 ) .
Indoctrinating Atheism
Biology
Atheists use biology and religious studies classes to :
Instill the idea that man is just another animal Suggest that Christianity is " just another religion , " not inspired truth Belittle those who hold viewpoints opposed to evolution , atheism , or liberalism in general Establish that there are no ' absolute ' morals , and belittle those who think there are Hide the facts connecting atheism to crime , poor mental health , and suicide
Media
Atheists also promote atheist propaganda through books , television , and film , such as the thinly veiled His Dark Materials trilogy and accompanying film The Golden Compass .
Philosophy
In philosophy classes , atheists focus heavily on atheist and nihilist thinkers , especially Descartes and Nietzsche , while ignoring far more important and influential Christian philosophers , such as St. Augustine , Thomas Aquinas , and Kant , in an attempt to paint atheism as intellectual and faith as foolish .
Undermining Religion
This is perhaps the broadest aspect of the atheist agenda .
It involves activity in virtually all spheres of public discourse , but especially broadcast and print media , as well as higher educational institutions . [ 5 ]
The primary route is through the liberal mainstream media , which routinely portrays religion and the faithful in a negative light .
Pro-atheist and anti-religious articles are routinely printed in newspapers and magazines , and even letters to the editor are selected in a biased fashion .
Portraying adherents of religion as intolerant , racist , or otherwise foolish is a key tactic in painting it in a negative manner .
Atheists and liberals are avidly attempting to discredit the impact of Providence in human history ( see Liberal Denials about History ) , despite it being easily proven for centuries , since Bacon and John Foxe , and its acceptance by the American founding fathers .
In Australia , atheists have proposed to undermine Christian education by forcefully imposing the so - called ' ethics classes ' ( secularism ) as a replacement [ 6 ]
See also
References
The end of the decade has everyone trying to wrap up the previous 10 years in convenient top - 10 lists .
The NHL ’s previous ten years were tumultuous .
The first half of the decade may well be the league ’s nadir , while the latter portion of the decade saw the NHL slowly rise from its ashes ( unfortunately that does n’t include the Hamilton Coyotes rising from the ashes of the Phoenix Coyotes ) .
Hopefully , the last five years in the NHL are a harbinger for a successful 2010s .
Remember , this is a league that less than 15 years ago was infinitely cooler than the NBA .
Gary Bettman ruined it and , unfortunately , that ’s reflected in a lot of this list .
Here are the top moments that defined the decade .
Mario returned to the NHL on December 27 , 2000 after being retired since 1997 and scored 76 points in only 43 games .
Anytime one of the top - 3 greatest players comes back to the league it is a momentous occasion .
There was an energy to the league after Mario ’s return and it helped save the Pittsburgh franchise from imminent doom .
Although , the team did n’t fully recover until Sindey Crosby completed the rescue five years later .
The return of Saku Koivu was even more impressive since he battled back from Non-Hodgkin ’s lymphoma ( Mario recovered from Hodgkin ’s lymphoma in the 90s ) .
Koivu was diagnosed in September , 2001 and missed nearly the entire 2001 - 2002 season .
Miraculously , Koivu returned on April 9 , 2002 and received a large standing ovation from the Montreal fans .
It was a truly remarkable event and even drew a smile from a Montreal hater like me .
On December 20 , 2007 Marian Gaborik is the first player since Sergei Fedorov a decade earlier to score 5 goals in one game .
This offensive explosion represents the direction the league is taking after the boring trap - style NHL became chic after the Devils 1995 Stanley Cup win .
Today ’s game does not necessarily have more dynamic scorers than it did 10 years ago , but it does finally allow them to flourish without fighting through 15 hooks and 3 elbows .
The game is much more exciting because of the rule changes and Gaborik 's 5 goals reflects this .
The Bertuzzi -Moore incident is easily the ugliest event of the decade .
Todd Bertuzzi at the time was one of the game ’s premier power forwards and Steve Moore was a 4th line checker who laid out Canucks captain Markus Naslund .
No penalty was called on the play and the league deemed it clean .
The Canucks thought otherwise and sought revenge against Moore the next time the teams played .
On March 8 , 2004 Steve Moore fought Matt Cooke in the first period which should have been the end of it .
Unfortunately , Moore won the fight and the Avalanche were cruising to a 8 - 2 victory before Bertuzzi followed Moore down the ice and punched him in the back of the head .
As Moore fell to the ice Bertuzzi and other Canuck players fell on top of Moore .
Moore suffered three fractured vertebrae in his neck , a grade three concussion , vertebral ligament damage , stretching of the brachial plexus nerves , and facial cuts .
To date , Moore has not appeared in another professional hockey game and the issue has yet to be resolved in civil court .
The league ’s image was already battered and this did n’t help .
Everyone chimed in with their opinions , even the hens on The View .
It was ugly .
It ’s one of the most infamous checks of all - time and a cautionary reminder for players of all ages to never cross the middle of the ice with your head down .
Lindros returned to the Flyer line - up for game 7 of the 2000 Eastern Conference Final after missing 10 weeks with a series of concussions .
He was certainly rushed back as the 3 - 1 Flyer lead in the series was quickly evaporating .
Lindros would never be the same player again after the hit .
Injuries were already derailing the career of a player who was once the most feared player in the league , but the Stevens hit effectively ended his reign .
Lindros never really recovered and his point totals dropped in each of his next seasons until his retirement .
The hit is relevant now as the league debates the issues of head shots .
While I believe it was a clean hit , it is still hard to watch , especially in slow - motion .
It ’s like those animal videos where the unsuspecting deer is devoured by the waiting crocodile , except even a deer would see this hit coming .
The Sidney Crosby lottery .
Following the lockout there was confusion on how the year ’s draft would work .
Since no one actually played during the year the league would have to find a new means of allotting draft picks .
They eventually settled on a system where teams were assigned 1 to 3 balls based on their playoff appearances and first overall draft picks from the past three years .
The draft was held on July 30 , 2005 and was pretty exciting .
I was convinced that even if the Leafs won the lottery the league would throw away the ball as if it never happened .
In my mind that ’s what happened as the Penguins grabbed the number one pick and in a somewhat surprising move selected Sidney Crosby .
Bobby Ryan went second to the Anaheim Ducks and Brian Burke quipped , “ I ca n’t believe he was still available .
” On March 21 , 2008 Alexander Ovechkin becomes the first person since Mario Lemieux and Jaromir Jagr 12 years previous to score 60 goals in one season .
Ovechkin eventually scored 65 goals and 112 points in a dominant regular season .
Ovechkin ’s season demolished any lasting remnants of the dead - puck era in the minds of fans and made it seem possible for a man to reach 70 goals again ( not done since both Alexander Mogilny and Teemu Selanne hit 76 in 1992 - 1993 ) .
I debated putting this on here at the risk of sounding like a homer , but you know what , I am a homer , so it stays .
This was big .
Canada started off terribly with a 5 - 2 loss to Sweden and only managed to defeat Germany 3 - 2 .
I recall tons of people at school blasting the team and basically renouncing their Canadian citizenship .
Wayne Gretzky gave an impassioned speech , an ‘ us against the world ’ battle cry , that rallied the team to reach the Gold medal game against the United States , playing on home ice in Salt Lake .
Canada dominated the finals and made the nation proud , while exorcising demons from 1998 .
This was the event where Jarome Iginla solidified himself as one of the NHL ’s best players and both Mario Lemieux and Joe Sakic added to their already illustrious careers in distinct style .
The game was also the highest rated hockey game in the U.S. since the Miracle on Ice in 1980 .
Also , 2006 never happened .
Although the second winter classic may have had a bigger impact in the United States , the first one was the one that started it all .
It ’s true that this was n’t the first outdoor game played by the NHL ( that belongs to Edmonton - Montreal ) , but it was the first played on New Year ’s Day featuring two American teams .
The game was played in Buffalo ’s Ralph Wilson Stadium and marked the first time since the early 90s that two real sports teams actually played there ( heyo ! take that Bills fans ) .
Essentially , the game promotes hockey to the United States .
If sports was like Full House , then the NHL is Kimmie Gibbler in the eyes of the U.S. sports fans .
Like Gibbler , the NHL desperately wants their acceptance and maybe a little action from Stamos .
Thankfully , the players have yet to disappoint and the first Winter - Classic was no exception .
The Pittsburgh Penguins defeated the home - town Buffalo Sabres 2 - 1 in a shoot - out .
The shoot - out winner was scored by the face of hockey himself , Sidney Crosby .
It even snowed .
Perfect .
The second annual Winter Classic took place in historic Wrigley Field .
It featured the old - guard versus the new - guard .
The veteran laded Detroit Red Wings versus the young , dynamic Chicago Blackhawks .
The Red Wings eventually won the game 6 - 4 after falling to the Hawks 3 - 1 early in the game .
The game drew an average of 4.4 million viewers on NBC , making it the most watched NHL game for the network since early 1975 .
The game was a tremendous success and certainly solidified its position as an annual event .
The two Winter Classics are a major reason for the quiet resurgence of hockey in the U.S. Hockey is back in both Chicago and Boston , two fantastic sport cities , and the Winter Classic is one of the reasons ( apart from two young and exciting teams ) .
Easily the best playoff series of the decade and it was n’t even the finals .
The series featured the NHL ’s two premier players ( and heated rivals ) , plus a handful of the league ’s best ( Malkin , Green , Semin , Backstrom , Gonchar , Fleury ) .
The series lasted 7 games and went back and forth for an incredibly exciting series .
Both players dominated the series , scoring 8 goals each and Game 2 on May 4 , 2009 featured a hat - trick by both Ovechkin and Crosby .
Ovechkin’s third goal electrified the Washington crowd as it was the eventual winner in a 4 - 3 game .
The series was a NHL wet - dream and hopefully repeats itself in the years to come .
I ’m sure Gary Bettman prays for a Washington - Pittsburgh conference final , followed by the winner playing Chicago in the finals .
On February 16 , 2005 Gary Bettman cancels the 2004 -2005 season .
The prospect of a season at this point was bleak , but everyone still held hope for even a shortened season .
After the announcement that there would be no hockey Canada was lost and turned to televised poker ( I still do n’t understand why ) and America ’s waning interest in hockey all but disappeared .
The lockout was the most important moment of the decade because it enabled the league to implement a salary cap linked to league revenues .
It also allowed the league to make a number of rule changes that greatly benefitted the game ( crack down on obstruction , no - change icing , quicker games ) and resulted in a faster and more fan - friendly sport .
Unfortunately , it killed interest in the sport in America , thanks in large part to ESPN opting out of their coverage .
However , the league is stronger because of it and there are quiet rumblings that suggest ESPN will come back to broadcasting hockey once the current Versus deal expires .
The King 's College study published earlier this month is the biggest to date , involving 1,800 women - all of whom were pairs of identical or non-identical twins .
If the G - spot did exist , it said , then genetically identical twins would have been expected to both report having one .
However , no such pattern emerged .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
The Ferrari team has set up a new initiative aimed at finding and supporting young drivers on their way to Formula 1 .
The programme , known as the Ferrari Driver Academy , will see a group of drivers selected and then supported throughout their careers , not only in racing , but also in their personal and professional development .
Ferrari factory - based engineer and former strategist Luca Baldisserri will be the man in charge of running the project , in which the Italian motorsport body , ACI - CSAI , will be an important contributor .
Formula 3 Euro Series champion Jules Bianchi has been the first driver selected for the programme , the Frenchman having already tested for the team at Jerez earlier this month .
" This programme has a very clear goal : to help youngsters develop to the point where , one day , they could fly the Ferrari flag in the Formula 1 World Championship , " said Ferrari team boss Stefano Domenicali .
" We plan to take an original approach , covering every angle with them , so that they are as well prepared as possible to tackle every aspect of modern day motorsport . "
A former prison inmate has been ordered to serve 18 months for hacking the facility 's computer network , stealing personal details of more than 1,100 of its employees and making them available to other inmates .
Francis G. Janosko , 44 , received the sentence earlier this week in federal court in Boston after pleading guilty to the hacking offenses in September .
In 2006 , Janosko hacked a thin client that was connected to a prison server to access the employee database for the Plymouth County Correctional Facility in Massachusetts , prosecutors alleged .
After obtaining the names , addresses , dates of birth , social security numbers and telephone numbers of the employees , he made them accessible to other inmates .
Although the machine was configured only to run a legal research program , the prisoner managed to use it to get free rein over a variety of unauthorized services .
In addition to the employee database , Janosko was also able to access the internet to download videos and photographs of prison employees , inmates and aerial shots of the prison , according to court papers .
The hacking took place between October 2006 and February 2007 .
Janosko was imprisoned in 2006 for a parole violation following a conviction on child pornography charges .
He was convicted of harassing an underage girl and taking pictures of her in a public library the year before . ®
A VICTORIAN father began plotting the murder of Carly Ryan just days after the teenager spurned his romantic advances , the man 's son has told a court .
The 22 - year - old , who cannot be identified , today took the stand in the Supreme Court to give evidence against his father and younger brother , Adelaide Now reports .
He told the jury he rejected his father 's requests that he join the vendetta against Carly , 15 , and begged him via letter not to involve his other child .
Those pleas , he said today , fell on deaf ears .
And his father and younger brother went to Adelaide , then returned boasting of their actions .
" My father showed me his knuckles and asked ' do these look bruised to you ? ' , " he said .
" He told me that he had punched Carly Ryan in the face , that he had killed her , that he had ' done the job ' .
" He said he had punched her in the face , pushed her face into the sand and , after that , he had thrown her into the water . "
The father , 50 , and younger son , 20 , have each pleaded not guilty to murdering Carly in February 2007 .
Prosecutors have alleged the father and his son used the " cyberspace alter - ego " of Brandon Kane to seduce the teen .
They claim that , after Carly spurned the father at her 15th birthday party , the duo used their " internet construct " to lure her to Port Elliot , where she was bashed and drowned .
Giving evidence today , the older son said his father was angry when he returned to Victoria following Carly 's party .
" At first he said he wanted to go on a holiday , back to Adelaide , with me and my brother , " he said .
" Later , he said he wanted to ' fix up '
Carly and said other things that indicated he wanted to harm her .
" He wanted me to help him while he was there , to help him kill her .
" I did n't know what to do ... I was stumped . "
Shocked and upset , the older son moved out of the house but left behind a letter .
" I wrote that he was n't the same person he was before , and that I could n't believe he was trying to bring me and my brother into it , " he said .
" I told him if that , if he kept going , he was going to lose his sons .
" The letter was pretty abusive ...
I was hoping I might persuade my father about wanting to kill her . "
The son said his father and brother went to Adelaide and , upon their return , visited him at his new home and spoke about Carly .
" My brother said that he had hooked up with Carly , and at the time I took that to mean they had kissed , " he said .
" My brother is quite boastful , and he would have mentioned if he had gotten any further than that . "
The trial , before Justice Trish Kelly , is continuing .
The fault responsible for the Jan. 12 magnitude 7.0 earthquake that devastated Haiti is visible in images created using NASA radar topography data acquired in 2000 .
This perspective view of the pre-earthquake topography of the area , created using data from the Shuttle Radar Topography Mission that flew aboard Space Shuttle Endeavour in February 2000 , clearly shows the Enriquillo fault that is apparently responsible for the earthquake .
The fault is visible as a prominent linear landform that forms a sharp diagonal line at the center of the image .
The city of Port - au - Prince is immediately to the left ( north ) at the mountain front and shoreline .
Elevations in the image are color coded from dark green at low elevations to white at high elevations , and the topography is shaded with illumination from the left .
The topography in this image is exaggerated by a factor of two .
› For more information
News Media Contact
Alan Buis , 818-354-0474Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif.2010-014
Utagawa Kuniyoshi's woodblock ukiyo-e prints of warriors , supermen and vengeful demons made him a star of the " floating world " of Edo-era Japan .
As a new exhibition at the Royal Academy shows , his censor - evading caricatures of kabuki actors sealed his notoriety and paved the way for manga as we know it .
HE'S never had a nose for trouble before but black labrador Bronson sure knows how to turn heads with his retrieving tricks .
The champion obedience dog stunned his Victorian owners when he recently returned to them to proudly show off his latest find .
Locked firmly in his jaws and coiled around his snout was a long , live snake , believed to be a deadly copperhead .
" He 's normally an excellent duck dog but he 'll pick up absolutely anything and return it to us , hanging on to it until we say ' give ' , " Deborah Allen said .
" My husband Peter did n't know he'd lost his mobile phone out in a paddock recently until Bronson returned with it in his mouth . "
The couple were lucky to be at home together at their property at Yarragon on January 4 when Mr Allen called out to his wife : " Hey , come and look at this . "
" There was Bronson with the snake hanging out of his mouth and the snake 's body wrapped around his nose , " Ms Allen said .
" We were n't sure if it was alive or not and we touched its head which was down at ground level and it moved - it appeared slightly stunned . "
As they grappled with a plan to deal with the snake , Mr Allen told his wife to quickly take a photo first .
" He did n't reckon anyone would believe it , " she said .
With a camera always by her side , Ms Allen captured the stunning sight as perfectly obedient Bronson , 11 , remained totally rigid , trained not to move his head while carrying anything he had retrieved .
" But he had a real forlorn look on his face like he was saying ' Hurry up and take this thing ' , " Ms Allen said .
Ms Allen said their second labrador , Madeline , usually tried to steal anything Bronson was carrying .
" But this is the first time ever she would n't have a bar of him .
She kept well away . "
Ms Allen found a chaff bag and lowered it to the ground , pulling the bag up and over the snake while at the same time releasing its body which remained wrapped around Bronson 's snout .
" And as soon I said ' Give ' he dropped it right into the bag and we sealed up the ends . "
With the snake safely stored , the pair rushed Bronson to the West Gippsland Veterinary Centre where a coagulation blood test confirmed Bronson had copped a bite .
Four days in hospital followed on a drip , but Bronson is now happily at home .
Australian Veterinary Association president Peter Gibbs said an alarming number of pets had been brought to clinics this summer for treatment of snake bites .
" Snakes tend to be at their most active towards the end of day , with snake bites usually happening in late afternoon or early evening , " Dr Gibbs said .
" Dog owners should avoid snake - prone areas . "
Symptoms of snakebite include seizures , vomiting , bleeding around the bite , weakness in the limb and paralysis .
The animal will collapse with laboured breathing .
Urgent treatment is needed but call ahead so they have antivenene on standby .
Originally published as Labrador in a twist after retrieving snake
Which would you prefer to receive : a declaration of love or a gift of £ 163,424 ?
It 's OK .
Do n't feel bad .
There is a recession on .
Anyone might have said the same .
In fact , according to impressively scientific - sounding organisation BrainJuicer , these two offers are exactly equivalent .
Having polled 1,000 British people on the happiness inspired by " significant life events " , researchers compared their findings to the contentment brought on by lottery wins , then calculated that hearing the words " I love you " brought precisely £ 163,424 worth of pleasure .
If you are a generous - spirited person , therefore , you should really make the effort to shout " I love you ! " at least once today .
( Unless , of course , you are a working prostitute .
That would be negative economics , causing a large likely drop in future earnings . )
The study found that good health is worth £ 180,105 on the happiness scale .
That 's a terrific sum ; just think how many fags you could buy with it .
Going on holiday is worth £ 91,759 .
Be sure to remember that in a fortnight 's time , when you are shrieking : " I spent £ 750 on this hellhole , you thieving bastard " at a recalcitrant travel agent .
£ 91,759 is the fair price , eh ?
I shall certainly be inviting these BrainJuicer people to rent my flat for the summer .
I might even do them tea in the morning .
Making love equates to £ 105,210 - better news for our hard - working prostitute - although researchers point out that this is worth less than the £ 108,021 value of laughing regularly .
Then again , looking at some of the people who actually frequent prostitutes , it should be possible for our girl to do both at once .
This gripping survey was commissioned by Steve Henry , author of You Are Really Rich : You Just Do n't Know it
" People are looking for something to replace money as a general criterion for value , " explains Mr Henry .
" The book is about a new alternative to a purely financial system . "
Well , it is n't , is it ?
It just takes a lot of nice things and shoves them into a financial system .
Nevertheless , you must have enjoyed that paragraph from Steve Henry because " reading is worth £ 53,660 " .
Go on , treat yourself ; read it again .
But the truly telling nugget , buried in this list of life values , is that " being in a stable relationship " is worth £ 154,849 .
And this is based on a real survey of real people .
Can you see what 's weird about it ?
What 's weird is that hearing " I love you " is worth £ 163,424 .
That means we believe , to the unarguable tune of £ 8,575 , that a happy and stable relationship is not as valuable as a random romantic declaration .
The words are worth more than the actions .
We'd be quicker to invest in the fly - by - night , silver - tongued gigolo than the solid , faithful guy who forgets to talk like Julio Iglesias .
At last , we are able to put an exact price on the inherent masochism of the human race : £ 8,575 : that is what we'd pay to be told we are loved by someone who is offering nothing and does n't really mean it .
Sick , we are all sick .
Those words bring nothing but pain and yet we beg for it .
" I love you " , without the stability , is exactly what we should n't want to hear .
We might just as well accord a positive financial value to hearing these statements :
" The postal strike will begin on Friday morning " : £ 2,800 .
" Outlook for the weekend : rain " : £ 6,570 .
" There seems to be a problem with your card ... " : £ 34,312 .
" Please listen carefully to the following selection .
If you are calling about a fault with your service , press 3 ... " : £ 487,060 .
" Screw you ! " : £ 37.50 .
That last one was a trick .
Swearing actually is demonstrably beneficial , according to scientists in a different preposterous news story entirely .
Psychologists at Keele University have found that obscenity is good for us .
Fuck me , who'd have thought ?
Their research involved asking 64 students to plunge their hands into a tub of iced water .
If the students swore constantly , they could keep their hands submerged for an average of two minutes .
But if they shouted ordinary words that they would use to describe a table , they could tolerate the ice for only one minute and 15 seconds .
Therefore , swearing reduces pain and promotes good feeling .
I 'm no boffin , but I can spot a flaw in these tests .
" Words that they would use to describe a table " ?
What are these words ?
Flat ?
Brown ?
Flat ?
( Here I demonstrate my dazzling professional vocabulary .
I would not expect young students , their brains presumably addled by weed and stress and too many episodes of Cash in the Attic , to come up with quite so many clever and colourful adjectives . )
No wonder their tolerance went down , if they had simultaneously to freeze their hands and work out how to describe a table .
What if one of the students , desperately running out of interesting ways to talk about furniture , shouted : " Wooden , badly constructed and shittingly wonky ? "
What would that do to the pain scale ?
Would it count ?
But those are just my own unscientific quibbles .
Thanks to Dr Richard Stephens , research leader , it is now official : shouting balls or bum is a Good Thing for the human race .
And if you think about it , that is empirically true .
There are many situations in which a few noisy profanities do , somehow , make one feel better .
So where does that leave us , as we set off for our social Sunday lunches or our quiet afternoons with nearest and dearest ?
Conversation has moved on since the days when Eliza Doolittle was advised to discuss only the weather and everybody 's health .
There is surely only one conclusion from these twin scientific findings .
You should tell a random acquaintance that you love him , because he will feel good immediately .
Then scream foul abuse into his face , and so will you .
victoriacoren.com
Source : Oleg Magni/ Pexels
Are men really only after sex ?
Commercials , ads , sitcoms , reality shows and popular magazines certainly tell us so .
There are guys in beer commercials ogling babes .
Characters in sitcoms who thrive on double entendre jokes showing they are always on the prowl to score .
Steamy hot tub scenes and couples rushing into the bedroom on singles - themed reality shows .
Even guys who cheat on the " Bachelorette . "
Newspapers and popular magazines feature male politicians or celebrities who are long - suffering wives right on their covers .
Tiger Woods being the latest and not the greatest .
Are men shallow creatures who are ready to jump at the chance of escaping commitment , looking to cop a feel , or more from any woman they meet ?
No , no and no !
Sand , Fisher , Rosen & Julia Heiman , Director of the Kinsey Institute , say we should pay and ask men , rather than presume we know .
And they did just that .
The researchers conducted an eight country random survey of 27,839 men ages 20 - 75 ( Journal of Sexual Medicine , 2008 , vol.5 , 583-594 ) .
Using a tool ( pun intended ) called the Mens ' Attitudes to Life Events and ( MALES ) the authors found that men's perceptions of masculinity and quality of life differed markedly from the stereotypes above .
Interestingly enough , the study also compared men with and without .
Amazingly , there were no significant differences between those two groups on the MALES items .
So what is most important to men if it 's not a great sex life ?
Drum roll , please !
Across all countries , being seen as a " man of honor " was the single highest ideal in the masculinity section of the study -- far more important than " being physically attractive , " " having success with women , " or " having an active sex life . "
Together with " being in control of your own life " these two attributes accounted for about 60 % of the responses .
The MALES findings are in agreement with what I have found in over 25 years of clinical practice and discuss in the paperback version of Love in 90 Days .
I 've included a chapter called Games Men Play in which I detail 16 different problematic male relationship patterns .
Despite fears of being vulnerable , of being loved and loving , most men want to be honorable rather than be cads .
Only three of the 16 types are rated unworkable for lasting love .
For example , a small percentage of men are caught in what I call the Player Deadly Dating Pattern .
These are often the " hot bad boys " who can be enormously infatuating to women because of their smooth romantic alpha behavior .
But under that seductive bravado they are usually insecure , have low and a " me-first mentality . "
These are the men who value conquest over being connected and honorable .
For these reasons , the Player can pose a great deal of difficulty for women who want a lasting love relationship .
In Part II of this article we will examine other juicy nuggets in this landmark study as well as some of my other clinical findings with single men .
J.D. Salinger , the reclusive writer who wrote " Catcher in the Rye " has died at the age 91 in his hometown in Cornish , New Hampshire .
In a statement from the author 's literary representative , the scribe 's son says Salinger passed away of natural causes at his home .
The famous coming - of - age tale " The Catcher in the Rye " centered on Holden Caulfield .
The book eventually became famous as scores of young readers identified with its themes of alienation and rebellion .
The 1951 book has been translated into practically all of the world 's major languages with 250,000 copies sold each year , says The Washington Post .
Total sales are more than sixty - five million .
He also wrote " Nine Stories " and " Franny and Zooey . "
Isolated for decades , the author lived in a small home in Cornish , N.H .
By the author 's later years , he become infamous for not wanting to be famous , refusing many interviews .
WHY BOOK WITH CENTRAL HOLIDAYS
Central Holidays is an award - winning travel brand more than 45 years strong that provides outstanding travel programs to an ever - increasing selection of destinations across the globe .
We are passionate travelers ourselves , enthusiastic about showing the corners of the world to others and , as such , we present the most authentically rich experiences .
The values that Central Holidays embodies continue to shine in our exemplary client service , destination expertise , and our meticulously planned , affordable - luxury travel packages .
We are proud to provide travelers with the peace of mind they desire when selecting a company to experience and explore the world .
Central Holidays offers the reliability that you are booking and traveling with a strong , long - established , robust tour operator with a time - honored history as well as an ongoing commitment to providing the best quality travel packages and unparalleled client service .
The entire Central Holidays staff - from our headquarters team in the United States , to our offices in Italy and Egypt , and expert destination management staff throughout Europe , Africa , Western Asia , and Latin America - is with you every step of the way - from the planning stages to the adventure of your dreams , and beyond - personally anticipating and fulfilling your needs throughout your trip .
As components on chips shrink their properties become less dependable A vast network of computers is being harnessed to design components for the next generation of silicon chips .
Simulations of transistors smaller than 30 nanometres ( billionths of a metre ) are being run on the UK e-science grid , which links thousands of computers .
The results will help designers cope with the physical constraints that occur when working at such tiny scales .
About 20 years worth of processing time has been used by simulating hundreds of thousands of tiny transistors .
Atomic impurity
The researchers hope to get a sense of how such tiny components vary to work out the best way to produce future generations of chips with even smaller components .
" What we do in these simulations is try to predict the behaviour of these devices in the presence of atomic scale effects , " said Professor Asen Asenov , head of the device modelling group at the University of Glasgow , which is leading the NanoCMOS simulation project .
The increasing power of silicon chips is largely dictated by the size of the components that chip makers can cram on to each chunk of silicon .
The basic building block of a chip is the transistor , tiny switches that can either be " on " or " off " .
The current generation of chips use transistors with features around 32 nanometres in size , but many manufacturers will move to 22 nanometres soon .
" These problems started to appear a couple of generations ago but right now it 's one of the most serious problems , " said Prof Asenov .
" What 's happening at such dimensions is that the atomic structure of the transistor cannot be precisely controlled , " he said .
" In order to make them work we have to put in impurities to define different regions . "
Prof Asenov and his team are not seeking the perfect design for a transistor , instead they are finding out how best to lay down materials so transistors perform consistently .
It used to be the case , said Prof Asenov , that silicon chips were identical and could be relied on to work in the same way .
But as components shrink to 30 nanometres and beyond such certainty disappears .
No longer can designers expect to lay down crisp ranks of perfectly formed transistors during manufacturing .
" Instead , " he said , " designers have to introduce redundancy , self - organisation and self testing . "
The design and testing was done using a grid , essentially a piece of software that unites tens of thousands of PCs scattered across different sites .
Richard Sinnott , technical director at the National E - Science Centre in Glasgow , which brokers the grid resources for projects such as NanoCMO , said the team needed to use hundreds of thousands of hours of computer time .
" Prof Asenov wanted access to as much high performance computing as we could give them , " he said .
His team gave them access to the number - crunching power they needed and helped them manage the huge amount of data being produced .
Over the course of a few weeks , he said , the project racked up around 20 years worth of processing time as batches of hundreds of transistors were simulated .
" It 's the biggest project we are involved with right now , " said Mr Sinnott .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Fact # 1 : CDMS submitted a paper to Nature , and they were recently accepted .
The paper is embargoed until December 18 ( embargo is one of these relics of the last century that somehow persists until today , along with North Korea and Michael Jackson fans ) - the collaboration is not allowed to speak publicly about its content .
Consequently , CDMS has canceled all seminars scheduled before December 18 .
CDMS submitted a paper to Nature , and they were recently accepted .
The paper is embargoed until December 18 ( embargo is one of these relics of the last century that somehow persists until today , along with North Korea and Michael Jackson fans ) - the collaboration is not allowed to speak publicly about its content .
Consequently , CDMS has canceled all seminars scheduled before December 18 .
Fact # 2 : A film crew that was supposed to make a reportage from unblinding the CDMS data was called off shortly before the scheduled date .
They were told to come back in January , when the unblinding will be restaged .
Theory # 1 :
The common lore is that particle physics papers appearing in Nature ( the magazine , not the bitch ) are those claiming a discovery .
It is not at all impossible that the new data set contains enough events for an evidence or even a discovery .
If the zero events in the previous CDMS paper was a downward fluke , several WIMP events could readily occur in the new data .
Furthermore , in some fancy theories like inelastic dark matter , a large number of WIMP scattering events is conceivable because the new data were collected in summer when the wind is favorable .
The common lore is that particle physics papers appearing in Nature ( the magazine , not the bitch ) are those claiming a discovery .
It is not at all impossible that the new data set contains enough events for an evidence or even a discovery .
If the zero events in the previous CDMS paper was a downward fluke , several WIMP events could readily occur in the new data .
Furthermore , in some fancy theories like inelastic dark matter , a large number of WIMP scattering events is conceivable because the new data were collected in summer when the wind is favorable .
Theory # 2 : Data - starved particle theorists once again are freaking out for no reason .
There is no discovery ; CDMS will just publish their new , improved bounds on the scattering cross section of dark matter .
CDMS is acting strangely because they want to draw attention : the experimental community is turning toward noble liquid technologies and funding of solid - state detectors like the one in CDMS is endangered .
Important update :
I was alerted to your blog of yesterday ( you certainly do n't make contacting you easy ) .
Your " fact " # 1 , that Nature is about to publish a CDMS paper on dark matter , is completely false .
This would be instantly obvious to the most casual observer because the purported date of publication is a Friday , and Nature is published on Thursdays .
Your " fact " therefore contains as much truth as the average Fox News story , and I would be grateful if you would correct it immediately .
Your comments about the embargo are therefore , within this context , ridiculous .
Peer review is a process , the culmination of which is publication .
We regard confidentiality of results during the process as a matter of professional ethics , though of course authors are free to post to arxiv at any point during the process ( we will not interfere with professional communication of results to peers ) .
Dr Leslie Sage Senior editor , physical sciences Nature
The essence of blogging is of course spreading wild rumors .
This one is definitely the wildest ever .
The particle community is bustling with rumors of a possible discovery of dark matter in CDMS .
CDMS is an experiment located underground in the Soudan mine in Minnesota .
It consists of two dozens of germanium and silicon ice - hockey pucks cooled down to 40 mK .
When a particle hits the detector it produces both phonons and ionization , and certain tell - tale features of these two signals allow the experimenters to sort out electron events ( expected to be produced by mundane background processes ) from nuclear recoils ( expected to be produced by scattering of dark matter particles , as the apparatus is well shielded from ordinary nucleons ) .
The last analysis , published early 2008 , was based on a data set collected in the years 2006 -- 2007 .
After applying blind cuts they saw zero events that look like nuclear recoils , which allowed them to set the best limits so far on the scattering cross section of a garden variety WIMP ( for WIMPs lighter than 60 GeV the bounds from another experiment called XENON10 are slightly better ) .
By now CDMS must have acquired four times more data .
The new data set was supposed to be unblinded some time last autumn , and the new improved limits should have been published by now .
They were not .
And then ... OK , we 're done with facts :-) , the rest is just crazy speculations .
We 'll see in 10 days .
Disillusioned skeptics like myself bet on # 2 , but almost everybody else strongly believes in # 1 .
If they are right , the Christmas holiday will be ruined .
I just received this in an email :
It is still true that the new CDMS data are scheduled to be released on December 18th , and there will be presentations in a number of labs around the world .
But if there 's no Nature paper then theory # 2 becomes far more likely .
Tanya Rudanovic , who is from Bosnia and waits tables at Stari Most in Astoria , said that the restaurant adds a little bit of fatty lamb  though she would not specify which part  to infuse the meat with flavor .
Elvis Kolenovic , an owner of Brothers Pizzeria in Long Island City who is originally from Montenegro , said that he grinds six different cuts together to arrive at the goal for both dishes : meat that is springy , savory and firmly gripped together .
Image SKINNY OFF THE GRILL
The burger of the Balkans , pljsekavica , is served on a lepina , a pita - like bread , at Stari Most restaurant in Astoria , Queens .
Credit ... Evan Sung for The New York Times
Pljeskavica are formed from ground meat and minced onion , pounded thin , then grilled on both sides to a smoky brown .
The word pljeskavica comes from pljesak , a regional word for clapping the hands , the motion used to press the burger into a thin round .
They were originally served flopped onto a plate , but as the American burger assumed global dominance , it became standard to sandwich pljeskavica between the two halves of a fluffy , spongy pita - style bread called lepinja .
These days , in Belgrade , the capital of the pljeskavica cult , the burger itself might be stuffed with mushrooms and mozzarella , or ham and cheese , as they do at Kafana .
Pljeskavica passion runs highest in Leskovac , the Serbian city considered the cradle of the dish .
Each September , the town holds a weeklong rostiljijada , a grilling festival attended by hundreds of thousands of people .
The festival ’s high point is an annual attempt to set a world record for largest pljeskavica ( last September ’s record - breaker was more than four feet across , and weighed over 100 pounds ) .
California may be known as the cradle of computer innovation , but several state agencies ca n’t get their computers to perform essential functions despite hundreds of millions of dollars in cost overruns for repair and upgrade work .
FOR THE RECORD :
Computer woes :
An article in Sunday ’s Section A about flaws in the state ’s computer systems misstated the last name of former state chief information officer John Thomas Flynn as Quinn . —
Although taxpayer money has been flowing to corporate consultants and software overhauls , some computer systems are on the verge of collapse , and some replacement projects are years behind schedule or have been scrapped because they did n’t work .
The antiquated systems have even been cited by top finance officials as a contributing factor in the difficulty the state has managing its money .
A lack of shared databases results in a sluggish information flow that can hamper financial decision - making .
Budget officials may have trouble obtaining accurate , up - to - date numbers , and the information lag can hinder purchasing and investment decisions .
“ It ’s embarrassing , ” said Tracy Westen , chief executive of the Center for Governmental Studies in Los Angeles .
“ If California ca n’t get it right , who can ? ”
Among the computer flops :
* The wheezing , 1970s - vintage computer system that prints paychecks for the entire state workforce is held together by software patches and jury - rigged connections and is in danger of failing , according to officials in the state controller ’s office .
A $ 130 - million overhaul called the 21st Century Project was supposed to have been activated two years ago , but instead state officials have been locked in a lawsuit with the contractor and say it will now cost 39 % more .
The Legislature ’s chief budget analyst said the project was a mess .
One option : pull the plug and start over -- leaving taxpayers with a $ 70 - million bill and nothing accomplished .
* Similar setbacks have plagued a colossal project intended to enable state budget and accounting databases to interact .
The existing , obsolete system forces workers to spend hours manually processing data and does n’t allow agencies to coordinate their purchasing and contracting , according to H.D. Palmer , a spokesman for the state Finance Department .
If a contractor does shoddy work for one agency , there is no automatic warning system to advise other departments against hiring the company .
Called The Financial Information System for California , or FI$ Cal , the system is $ 300 million over budget and three years behind schedule , according to the Legislative Analyst ’s Office .
* State officials predicted that a centralized computer system for California ’s courts would cost $ 260 million and be done this year .
But they were n’t even close .
The expanded project wo n’t be done until at least 2013 , according to court officials , and its cost has ballooned to $ 1.3 billion .
The problems are part of a long history of technology fumbles by Sacramento , which has spent billions of dollars on projects that have fallen short in performance or cost much more than promised .
In 1994 , then - Gov. Pete Wilson pulled the plug on a DMV computer project after the state spent $ 50 million on a system that never worked .
In 2001 , the state awarded a $ 95 - million computer contract for software to link information and services across government agencies to Oracle Corp. , without competitive bidding .
The state auditor later concluded that Oracle ’s service was overpriced and involved a system for which there was little demand from state agencies .
In 2008 , a computer system began operating to allow better tracking and collection of child support payments , but it had taken so long to be completed that California had to pay $ 987.8 million in penalties to the federal government .
And after spending $ 1.5 billion on the project , California still has one of the worst collection rates in the nation : 53.1 % , according to the federal government .
The child support database is part of a plan to spend $ 6.8 billion overhauling state computer systems .
But an Assembly panel is launching an investigation into the entire effort , Assemblyman Hector De La Torre ( D - South Gate ) told The Times .
De La Torre , who is heading the probe , attributes California ’s computer woes to “ a lack of sophistication . . . and in some cases consultants taking advantage of that lack of sophistication . ”
State bureaucrats repeatedly award work to contractors who promise smooth fixes for low prices but later determine a project to be more complicated and expensive , he said .
The 21st Century Project contractor won the work with a bid of $ 69 million , but doing the project right will probably cost $ 500 million , according to former state chief information officer John Thomas Quinn .
Red tape and contractors who do n’t deliver are both elements of the legal dispute over the 21st Century Project , which is intended to replace payroll and personnel management systems installed in the 1970s and ‘ 80s .
The payroll system is so old that state employees cannot get electronic statements of their payroll history , and state officials warn that the entire network could collapse , which would be a bookkeeping and legal catastrophe .
In addition , the systems use the COBOL software language , developed in the 1950s , in which a dwindling number of state - employed programmers are fluent .
The state chose a contractor , BearingPoint , that it now alleges -- after paying the firm $ 25.8 million -- botched the job .
“ From the inception of the project , Bearing Point misrepresented the complexity and level of effort necessary ” to complete the project , state officials said in a letter notifying the firm that it was being fired .
BearingPoint said in an appeal to the Department of General Services that there was plenty of incompetence and foot - dragging on the project -- and it was all on the part of the state .
State officials “ actively frustrated BearingPoint ’s performance , ” the firm wrote .
It charged that State Controller John Chiang ’s office failed to meet its obligation to co-manage the project and took too long to make key decisions .
And the company filed a lawsuit seeking $ 20 million from taxpayers for wrongful discharge and breach of contract .
The state Legislative Analyst ’s Office suggested in February that officials could scrap the work and start from scratch , noting in a report to lawmakers that the project “ has expended about $ 70 million with few tangible deliverables to show for this . ”
But lawmakers decided to try to salvage the work .
A new contractor is to be selected early next year .
But one state analyst estimated that the improvements envisioned in the 21st Century Project may not be online until 2013 .
patrick.mcgreevy @latimes.com
TRENTON , New Jersey ( Reuters ) - New Jersey ’s state Senate defeated a bill on Thursday that would have legalized same - sex marriage , a move that likely stalls the measure for several years .
The Senate , after an afternoon of debate , voted 20 to 14 against the bill .
Backers had hoped to get it approved and signed into law before Democratic Gov. Jon Corzine , a supporter , leaves office on January 19 .
Incoming Republican Governor Chris Christie , who defeated Corzine in November , had said he would veto the measure .
With failure of the bill in the Senate , the proposal now could lie dormant for years while Christie is in office .
Political observers have said Christie ’s victory made some lawmakers wary of supporting the controversial measure .
New Jersey has a same - sex civil union law , designed to give gay couples the same legal rights as heterosexual couples .
But advocates of gay marriage say civil unions are inadequate .
Iowa , Connecticut , Massachusetts , New Hampshire and Vermont have legalized same sex marriage .
Another 40 states have specific laws banning it .
Right - wing master propagandist - pimp Andrew
Breitbart ( c ) and his protégés , real - life " investigator " -
whores James O'Keefe III ( l ) and Hannah Giles ( r )
GOP Apologizes for Anti-ACORN Smear Job
GOP pols and propagandists disown
dirty tricksters and their " evidence "
GOP Congress Members Move to Censure Themselves
Over Bogus , Fraud - Based Campaign Against ACORN
In the first video below , Breitbart asks me if I ’m disturbed by what I saw in the videos .
If he had let me answer , I would have told him that I perceive ACORN ’s mission to be helping the underserved .
That I do n’t understand how helping women out of sexual slavery is something that deserves to be condemned .
That what I ’m disturbed by is the behavior being demonstrated by those up on the stage that would demonize people trying to make a real difference in people ’s lives .
In the end , I think I ruined their little press conference .
Evidently , it had n’t occurred to them that they might face serious scrutiny .
Why , for example , does O’Keefe dress up in the ridiculous pimp garb for the bumpers of the video when he did n’t wear that costume into the ACORN offices ?
Why is Breitbart attaching his name and credibility to someone that was kicked out of his Rutgers dorm for refusing to cease his use of racial slurs ?
Exactly why would Breitbart expect an ACORN staffer to call the police on a Congressional candidate trying to rescue a young prostitute from her vicious pimp ?
Finally , in the second video , we learn all we need to know .
After hiding behind the lawsuit and using it as a shield to deflect questions they did not want to answer , they refuse to commit to releasing every full and unedited tape they have in exchange for ACORN dropping all of its lawsuits .
If they really wanted the truth out there , why do they need to edit these tapes in the first place ?
Why are n’t the unedited videos already in the public domain ?
#
It 's time for another edition -- by quick count roughly No. 1,835,856 -- of our favorite political parlor game , If the Shoe Were on the Other Foot .
Here are some hissy - fit headline we can expect to seegenerated by GOP propagandists :
Even as star GOP investigative fraudster - slimeball James O'Keefe III 's evidence in his anti-ACORN scam unravels , the Rampaging Right 's favorite juvenile delinquent of course has more immediate legal problems .
It 's possible the mental defectives of the Rampaging Right will be satisfied with his explanation for his little band of hoodlums ' break - in and bugging of Lousiana Sen .
Mary Landrieu's New Orleans office : " The sole intent of our investigation was to determine whether or not Senator Landrieu was purposely trying to avoid constituents who were calling to register their views to her as their Senator . "
It seems likely , though , that law enforcement authorities will be less impressed .
The little thug is apparently an even more inept liar than he is a crusading investigator .
Meanwhile , though , left unresolved is the shitpile of his bogus ACORN " investigation . "
Interestingly , public attention was diverted from that matter about the time that ( a ) ACORN was officially cleared of any wrongdoing , and ( b ) the first people not on the payroll of the right - wing loons to take a proper look at O'Keefe 's famous fake - prostitute video determined quickly and easily that it was obviously and crudely edited .
You 'll recall how quickly the entire right - wing establishment , including its junior wing , the Republican Party , joined in choral screeching denunciations of ACORN .
Our pal Mike Stark has posted a great update ( " All You Need to Know About the ACORN Scandal and Who Is Behind It " on Huffpost , " More on ACORN / O' Keefe " on his own Stark Reports ) on the GOP 's lead crackerjack investigative fraudster - slimeball James O'Keefe , with video of emerging GOP master propagandist Andrew Breitbart .
Of course it 's easy to understand why ACORN drives right - wing mental defectives so crazy .
After all , ACORN 's mission is to help the economically disadvantaged , which is another way of saying " the poor , " and since the RWMDs are all devout Crap Christians , they know that God simplythe poor , and only put them on earth to be savagely exploited by the rich and would - be rich .
As the founder of Crap Christianity , Crap Christ , said , " The poor you will always have to exploit .
" And since the poor are by definition , well , poor , the exploitation really has to be ruthlessly savage if it's to yield more than chump change .
( In some though not all of the XXXXXX Gospels , Crap Christ also said , " And you know , they really smell bad . " )
Some commentators feel that the Right - Wing Rage Against ACORN is actually driven by ACORN 's ethics , recalling the voter - registration " scandals " in which not a single admittedly fake voter registration done by ACORN 's hired hands led to a fraudulent vote , and that the fake registrations came to light precisely because ACORN fulfilled its legal obligation to report them when discovered to election officials .
The theory is that the precedent could be fatal to the whole of Movement Conservatism .
Could any Loony Right organization , including the Republican Party , survive the imposition of such a high legal and ethical standard ?
Certainly all of the GOP 's vast network of genuinely fraudulent voter registrations and election riggings would have to be dismantled .
Now , just to bring it all home : Imagine that a right - wing operation -- Andrew Breitbart's , just to throw out a randomly chosen name -- were being investigated for alleged improprieties on the basis of evidence no better than this .
How swiftly would national outrage , congressional condemnation and other punishments like attempted defunding be likely to come ?
This is a trick question , I 'm afraid .
There would n't be any investigation .
Well , why do n't we sit back and watch the investigation into the activities of the New Plumbers , Mssrs O'Keefe and cronies .
Already we can hear the mental defectives of the Right - Wing Noise Machine screeching about the rush to judgment against their hero , thug wannabe James O'Keefe III .
Yawn .
Labels : Acorn , right - wing bulllies , Right - Wing Noise Machine
The Templars were an elite taskforce -- consider them the Green Berets of the Middle Ages .
They were known for their service to the pope , their fierce determination to wrest Jerusalem from the enemy , their great wealth and , like many groups , their secrecy .
For a group so secret , though , they ’ve received an incredible amount of attention both in the years BDB ( before Dan Brown ) and ever since .
Michael Haag , who has occasionally contributed to our pages , decided to weigh in and settle the misinformation bandied about by various recent books with his own , “ The Templars : The History & the Myth ” ( Harper : 384 pp. , $ 15.99 paper ) .
He shared some of his revelations with the Siren ’s Call during a recent conversation .
The Siren ’s Call :
Why did the Templars appeal to you enough that you set out to write a book on them ?
Was it the result of coming across them in the course of writing your other books about Alexandria and “ The Da Vinci Code ” ?
Michael Haag : I already had a pretty good knowledge of the history , the landscape and the architecture of the Crusader period ; writing about the Templars brought things into sharp focus .
I have traveled widely throughout the Middle East and have visited every Crusader and Arab castle of significance , including the Templars ’ last redoubt at Sidon in Lebanon , their fortified city of Tortosa and their castle at Safita .
I ’ve also been to the Hospitaller ’s great castle of Krak de Chevaliers and the Assassins ’ eyrie at Masyaf , all in Syria , not to mention the Temple Mount in Jerusalem where the Templars had their headquarters , the mount itself giving the knights their popular name ( properly they were the Poor Fellow - Soldiers of Christ and of the Temple of Solomon ) .
TSC : They also figure in Lawrence Durrell ’s “ Avignon Quintet , ” do n’t they ?
You ’re writing about him , are n’t you ?
MH : Yes , as it happens , I am writing a biography of Lawrence Durrell , who , as you say , runs the Templars as a theme through his “ Avignon Quintet . ”
There is an element of economy in this : informing myself about Durrell ’s interest in the Templars by writing a book about the Templars !
Durrell ’s interest in the Templars , which goes hand in glove with his interest in the Cathars and Gnosticism ( also discussed in my book ) , is one that is widely shared -- for the Templars have enjoyed an afterlife that goes well beyond their destruction in 1312 and continues to this day .
Which is why I deal not only with the history of the Templars , which lasted only two centuries , but also with the myth of the Templars , which is rooted in the foundation of Solomon ’s Temple 3,000 years ago and remains alive in various forms in the present day .
TSC : There are so many books now out there about the Templars , thanks in large part to the interest Dan Brown created with his “ Code . ”
Was there something that these books were n’t saying about the Templars that you felt needed to be told ?
MH : Books about the Templars fall into two categories .
Some are strictly history and confine themselves to the two centuries of the Templars ’ existence .
Others are speculative and deal in the many stories surrounding the Templars , in what you might call the afterlife of the Templars that continues in the popular imagination to this day .
I wanted to take a serious look at both the history and the mythic afterlife and to show how they are intimately related and always have been -- how the Templars became the subject of popular imagination already at their inception , celebrities , you might say , the superstars of the Middle Ages .
Superstars ?
Already during their heyday , the Templars attracted to themselves many associations , legends , rumors and romances .
When the story of the Holy Grail first began circulating in medieval Europe , it was immediately associated with the Templars .
This star quality of the Templars was due partly to their prominent role in the central movement of the times , the Crusades and the defense of the Crusader states in the East , where the Templars were surrounded by potent historical and sacred associations .
After all , the Templars were founded on Christmas Day 1119 , within the Church of the Holy Sepulchre , the spot which marks the crucifixion , burial and resurrection of Jesus Christ , and they were headquartered on the Temple Mount , which indelibly associated them with stories surrounding the Temple of Solomon -- and nothing in medieval Christendom could beat that !
But being in the spotlight is not always the most favorable place to be , certainly not when things begin to go wrong .
And for the Templars , everything went wrong when the Crusaders lost Acre in 1292 ; the West ’s hold on the Holy Land was lost and so was the Templars ’ raison d'être .
Their extinction was breathtakingly swift , was n’t it ?
It is the most dramatic thing about them ; knights belonging to an order of great power , wealth and reputation , owing obedience only to the Pope , were arrested in dawn raids across France , tortured and made to confess to abominable crimes and heresies , were often put to the stake , and their order dissolved .
The reasons for their fall have long been shrouded in mystery and this has given rise to yet more fevered speculations .
What did the Templars really know , what did they really possess , what were they really all about ?
And why did the pope , the very man to whom they owed sole obedience , let them down , abolish their order and let them go to the stake ?
Do we now have any answers to these questions ?
We do .
New discoveries in the Vatican ’s Secret Archives , just as I was considering writing this book , revealed the truth of the pope ’s role in the end of the Templars and revealed the truth about the Templars themselves -- and , no , the Templars were not heretics nor blasphemers , and for what it was worth , they took to the stake and to their graves the pope ’s blessings and absolutions .
But the pope , and indeed the papacy itself , the very independence of the Roman Catholic Church , was under threat from the king of France , a fanatic with totalitarian designs .
My book has been the first book to revise the history of the Templars , and revise their afterlife too , in the light of these remarkable revelations .
Whenever the Templars are mentioned in books and articles , I usually find that it is in connection with their vast wealth - and , along with this , their vast greed .
Why ?
They were extremely expensive to maintain .
They were the most superb fighting force in the world at that time , something like supersonic fighter - bomber pilots in our day , where each man and his equipment costs a fortune to keep operational .
A single mounted knight in France in the 13th century required the proceeds from 3,750 acres to equip and maintain himself , and for Templars operating overseas in the Holy Land , the costs were much greater since much had to be imported , not least their horses .
The Templars ’ training , their armor , their horses , their squires , their sergeants , not to mention building and maintaining castles , required an enormous outlay .
And the knights themselves could suffer high mortality rates in climactic battles and needed to be replaced .
All these costs were met through donations from the faithful back in Europe , usually in the form of estates large and small as well as tithes from the Church .
As individuals , the Templars were poor ascetics , but as an order , they were extremely wealthy .
In fact , they became so accomplished at moving funds between Europe and the East that they soon set up as international bankers -- the first bankers of modern times .
Their lands and their liquid wealth made them a ready target for greed , and the greed came not from among the Templars but from Philip IV , the king of France , who , after stealing the wealth and properties of France ’s Jews and throwing them out of the country , turned on the Templars .
That was the real motive for the Friday the 13th arrests :
The king of France needed money to pursue his wars in Flanders and against the English , and he also was asserting himself against the papacy , laying claim to being the man who called all the shots in Europe , whether secular or religious .
It was a form of expropriation and nationalization , accompanied by tortures and executions and , of course , the necessary propaganda and lies -- blaming the Templars for being blasphemers , for being heretics , for being haughty and greedy .
In the minds of many , the mud stuck .
Few really seem to associate any other characteristic with them , though , except greed .
No one talks about , for instance , their fantastic ability as military strategists and fortress builders .
What excellent qualities should people know about ?
Well , in comparison to the egregious greed , cruelty and lies of the king of France , the Templars were honest in their faith and straightforward in their conduct .
They should be remembered for their bravery , which was legendary , their dedication , which was absolute -- a few dozen Templars could turn the weight of battle and save a kingdom .
Their attrition rate was high :
At least 20,000 Templars were killed either on the battlefield or after being taken captive and refusing to renounce their faith to save their lives .
Without the Templars , the Crusader venture in the East would have lasted only half as long as it did .
After the Battle of Hattin , in which Saladin was victorious , he ordered the decapitation in cold blood of all his Templar captives , a hundred men , fearing them above all others because “ they have great fervor in religion , paying no attention to the things of this world . ”
As builders of castles and churches , they were men of powerful vision and exquisite taste ; they have left behind them in the Middle East today numerous beautiful monuments speaking of the Romanesque and Gothic styles of the France and England from which they came .
Tell us a little bit more about their organization as an elite task force - were they the first to submit only to papal authority ?
In defending the Holy Land , why was this direct line of obedience only to the pope so important ?
In the late 11th century , the Church was involved in the Investiture Controversy over whether the secular powers of Europe or the papacy itself had the authority to appoint high church officials in each and every state .
Secular kings and princes were eager to have the authority for themselves , as it would give them control over the great wealth and powers such officials could command .
But in the event , it was an argument that the papacy won .
Papal assertion did not end there ; only the pope could establish a university or approve a monastic order ; and when the Byzantine Empire sent to Rome for help against a fresh Muslim invasion , it was the pope who raised the First Crusade .
By means of a series of papal bulls in the early 12th century , the Templars were recognized as an independent and permanent order within the Catholic Church answerable to no one but the pope .
Their “ grand master ” was chosen from among the ranks of Templar knights who conducted their elections free from any outside interference .
The Templars were also given their own priesthood answerable to the grand master , which made the order independent of the diocesan bishops in both Europe and the East .
The First Crusade itself had been called for by the pope , and the kingdom of Jerusalem , like the other Crusader states , owed themselves to papal initiative and the continuing goodwill and energy of the papacy for support and maintenance from the West .
The pope did not want to see the Templars fall subject to religious or political rivalries .
It is not that the pope actually controlled the Templars ; rather , by owing allegiance to no one but the pope , the Templars maintained their independence from all and sundry and could give themselves freely and single - mindedly to their supreme task , the defense and preservation of the Holy Land .
Defending Jerusalem , you said earlier , was their reason for existing .
When it fell , the Templars were in limbo , but did n’t they try to find a new mission for themselves ?
The Templars were founded to protect pilgrims on their way to Jerusalem and other sites throughout the Holy Land .
In time their task became to defend the Holy Land itself -- not just Jerusalem but the several Crusader states which included the kingdom of Jerusalem , the county of Tripoli and the principality of Antioch .
The city of Jerusalem fell to Saladin in 1187 , though it changed hands several times thereafter , but meanwhile the new capital of the kingdom of Jerusalem became the port city of Acre , and when Acre fell in 1292 the Crusader venture was effectively over .
Yes , there were a few attempts to regain the Holy Land , and the Templars , who were temporarily based in Cyprus , took the lead in these , but when finally they lost their tiny island outpost of Ruad in 1302 , they looked highly redundant .
The Hospitallers were also a religious order of fighting monks , and they might have found themselves in the same boat as the Templars .
But they quickly captured the island of Rhodes from the Byzantine Empire , which was Christian , and turned it into a state of their own , which allowed them to harass the surrounding Muslim powers and which also gave them protection from jealous Christian powers in Europe .
The Hospitallers eventually retreated to Malta , finally to be driven out by Napoleon in 1798 , though the order still exists and even has quasi - sovereign state observer status within the United Nations .
The Templars might have enjoyed a twilight existence in this way had they taken some large and defensible island , perhaps Cyprus , as their own .
But instead of putting their own interests first , they so completely identified with their role as defenders of the Holy Land that they placed their trust in the pope and the king of France , Philip IV , who were contemplating launching yet another crusade .
The Templar grand master Jacques de Molay and other high officers of the order were in France precisely to discuss such matters when they and all other Templars on French soil were arrested at dawn in October 1307 by Philip IV and accused of blasphemy and heresy .
When people ask , “ Who were the Templars ? , ” they ’re not using the correct verb tense , right ?
Some people believe they still exist today through their connections to the Freemasons and others .
In the mythic sense , the Templars are with us today , if only because many people wish it to be so .
Such people include the Freemasons , some branches of which claim descent from the Templars who are said to have survived the persecutions of Philip IV and gone underground , to arise again wearing aprons and carrying trowels , among them such seditious figures as George Washington and Benjamin Franklin .
The French Revolution was blamed on the Freemasons , who some people with lively imaginations said were really the Templars in disguise .
Bringing matters more up to date , the Templars are behind the World Bank , the IMF , the Trilateral Commission , the Bilderberg Group , and also NATO , the European Union , the United Nations and the Skull and Bones Society at Yale .
All of this is discussed in my book .
But the claim that the Templars discovered America , on the face of it one of the most far - fetched claims of all , actually contains a great deal more than a grain of truth .
How so ?
They were not eradicated everywhere throughout Europe .
In Spain and Portugal , they had performed good service in the local crusades , what we now call the Reconquista , against the Arab occupation of the Iberian peninsula , and instead of being disbanded , they were simply reestablished under other names and given royal protection and favor .
In Portugal , the Templars became the Order of Christ , and none less than Prince Henry the Navigator became their grand master , using Templar wealth and zeal to send ships down the coast of Africa and far out into the Atlantic , to the Azores and Madeira .
The achievements of Vasco da Gama , who found the first sea route round Africa to India in 1498 ; of Ferdinand Magellan , who in 1519 initiated the first voyage round the world ; and of Christopher Columbus , who discovered America in 1492 , were all the fruits of Prince Henry the Navigator ’s lifelong endeavor as Grand Master of what had been the Templars .
Thank you for your time .
The Siren ’s Call appears monthly at www.latimes.com
But even if the nomination is approved , the spasm of anxiety surrounding it will have highlighted how members of both parties are reassessing their stands on many issues as they try to understand the strain of anger toward the government , Wall Street and other institutions .
In the days since the Democrats lost a crucial Senate seat in Massachusetts , Mr. Obama has struck a tougher tone toward big banks .
In the process he signaled a shift away from less aggressive regulatory policies backed by another architect of the bailout , Timothy F. Geithner , the Treasury secretary .
On Friday in Ohio , Mr. Obama took a combative approach on health care reform and banking regulation .
But Mr. Obama cannot afford a failed nomination  the Senate has never before rejected a president ’s nominee for Fed chairman  and he has publicly and privately backed Mr. Bernanke and Mr. Geithner for their roles in stabilizing the financial system and averting what could have been a wholesale collapse .
Image Opposition to Ben Bernanke has emerged from both the left and the right .
Credit ... Chris Rank / Bloomberg News
Opposition to Mr. Bernanke has emerged from both the left and the right , as anger has mounted over the Fed ’s extraordinary interventions in the market in 2008  which have been lumped together with the huge bailouts of big financial institutions  and over its regulatory failings before the crisis .
Mr. Bernanke has also been criticized for backing an easy money policy earlier in the decade that critics say fueled the housing bubble .
“ The anger at the Treasury has been spilling over to the Fed , ” said Frederic S. Mishkin , a former member of the Fed ’s board of governors and a close friend of Mr. Bernanke .
“ My view is Chairman Bernanke helped save the world from depression , ” said Mr. Mishkin , an economist at Columbia University .
“ Whether you agree with every policy he ’s pursued or some of the ways the bailouts were done , the outcome here , given the severity of the shock , is a good one .
But that ’s hard to explain to the American public when we ’re sitting with 10 percent unemployment . ”
If some passengers wanted to get off a flight , the plane would have to abandon its place in the line waiting for takeoff , taxi back to the gate and wait while baggage handlers removed luggage , said David A. Castelveter , a spokesman for the Air Transport Association , the trade group for the major carriers .
Image JetBlue passengers waited for hours to leave Kennedy Airport for Cancun on Feb. 14 , 2007 .
Credit ... Lou Martins / Associated Press
At this time of year , the plane then may have to go through de-icing again , Mr. Castelveter said .
As delays mounted , he added , there was a far higher chance that the crew would be unable to continue , given the limits on their working hours .
“ There will be more cancellations than there are today , ” he said .
Others in the industry also suggested that some passengers would face unnecessary delays as airlines adjusted their practices to steer clear of the penalties , which could amount to millions of dollars for a violation on a single flight .
But passenger advocates were ecstatic that airlines would have to pay more attention to human comfort .
Kate Hanni , who founded FlyersRights.org after she was stuck with her family for nine hours on a plane diverted from Dallas to Austin , called it “ a Christmas miracle . ”
The rule , which applies only to domestic flights , is set to go into force in four months .
Its effects will differ from airport to airport .
Planes are sometimes held on the ground in fine weather at uncongested airports because of a problem at the destination airport , and in those cases , making an extra stop at the terminal to let passengers off may cost the airlines nothing unless travelers eventually have to take seats on other flights .
Or the plane may be waiting on a ramp near the terminal .
In other cases , it could be more complicated , as planes may be far from the terminal , and the rule specifies that they arrive back at the gate within three hours , not that they turn around after three hours .
CLOSED
Location : 6238 SW Capitol Highway , Hillsdale Food Park
The Story :
You know how when you plan something , you have all intentions of sticking with a schedule and finishing on time and all that jazz ?
Then someone or something throws a monkey wrench at ya .
Well , that is what has been happening with the new Violetta restaurant at Director Park .
Over the last year , they have had their share of stumbling blocks including a kitchen explosion and fire that has delayed their opening until spring .
So , what does one do ?
Turn lemons into lemonade .
The owners of Violetta decided to take the restaurant to the streets and open the Rollin ’ Etta , a food truck serving gourmet hamburgers , franks , fries and salads .
The truck made its debut this week .
Shiny .
When I first heard of the Rollin ’ Etta a few weeks ago from a press release , I got a little excited .
Gourmet hamburgers in a food truck ?
I ’m a huge hamburger fan and have had the pleasure of tasting some of the best in the city , both at carts and at restaurants .
Some are inexpensive but perfect gems .
Others are rather expensive and again … perfect gems .
They run the gamut .
Hamburgers are something that can easily be screwed up though , so just by stating you offer gourmet hamburgers does n’t mean they actually are .
For Violetta though , I have to say they hit a home run .
The Violetta Hamburger comes in two sizes - 1/3 or 1/2lb .
Since I ’m a glutton sometimes , I naturally order the bigger size in order to get the full meal deal .
Made with grass - fed beef from Nicky Farms or pasture raised beef from Highland Oak farms , the burger comes with lettuce , onions , roasted tomatoes and super dills along with their secret Violetta burger sauce .
After I ordered my burger , I realized I was n’t asked how I wanted it prepared .
I ’m a medium rare leaning towards rare type of burger eater .
Since it was a food truck , I did n’t let that concern me as I felt it may be a bit pretentious to make such requests .
When I took that first bite , I realized they must have been reading my mind as it was the perfect medium rare that I simply love .
The Violetta Hamburger is a work of art .
The patty appears hand made and , as stated , cooked to a perfect medium rare .
That magical pink in the middle is where all the tasty juices are .
I ordered my burger with white cheddar , which was ideal as it had a dryness to it that mixed perfectly with the juicy tomato , the bun and the burger .
I ca n’t say this enough – a burger work of art .
I had to force myself to eat slowly and enjoy every bite and chew and take it all in .
Violetta is the handywork of ex-Lucier chef Jeremy Niehuss and owned by Dwayne Beliakoff who most recently had ROUX in North Portland , but closed that in late 2009 .
Violetta , the restaurant , will be a great edition to downtown and that area specifically with the open park and outdoor seating .
One thing of note – the Rollin ’ Etta ’s prices are higher than that of a traditional food cart or truck by about 25 % .
While I enjoyed a wonderful hamburger , it begs the question if a food truck , albeit one associated with a upper scale restaurant and serving a gourmet product , can succeed serving $ 7 - $ 11 hamburgers in this economy .
Time will tell .
Hopefully , they can get beyond the hurdles they have faced with the construction and actually get the restaurant open .
In the mean time , if you have a burger craving or maybe just need some Oregonzola fries , head on down to the truck and tell them Food Carts Portland sent ya .
[ Violetta has moved to the Hillsdale Food Park in SW Portland as of 10/2012 ]
Sample Menu :
Burger options : 1/3 lb burgers come from grass fed beef from Nicky Farms ; 1/2 lb burgers come from Highland Oaks farms ; Natural Turkey burgers ; Spicy Lentil vegetarian burgers
Violetta Burger – Violetta burger sauce , lettuce , onions , roasted tomatoes , super dills – 1/3lb – $ 7.00 ; 1/2lb – $ 9
Violetta Burger with white cheddar – 1/3lb – $ 7.50 ; 1/2lb – $ 9.50
Violetta Burger with smoked bacon and white cheddar – 1/3lb – $ 8 ; 1/2lb $ 10
Oregon Blue Burger – Rogue Creamery Oregonzola , bacon , caramelized onion on a hazelnut bun – 1/3lb – $ 9 ; 1/2lb – $ 11
All franks are 1/4lb Oregon Country natural beef franks
Dress your own Frank – house kraut , harissa ketchup , super dill relish and sweet onions – $ 5
Highland Oak farm beef chili Frank – white cheddar and caramelized onions – $ 6.50
Hand dipped Corndog – $ 4
Fries
Hand cut yukon gold fries – small $ 3 ; large $ 4.50
Hand cut sweet potato fries – small $ 3.50 ; large $ 5
Oregonzola fries – large order of yukon fries with sea salt , pepper and Rogue Creamery Oregonzola sauce – $ 6.50
White Truffle fries – sea salt , pepper and Oregon white truffle oil – $ 7
Salads and soups available as well
Hours : Monday through Friday – 11 am - 6pm
Phone : 503 234 FAST – available for to go orders also
Website : www.violettapdx.com
Social : @ Violettaatdp on Twitter ; Violetta on Facebook
INSERT_MAP
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Email
Print
After a wave of operating system releases , it 's easy to become somewhat bored with the software side of computing .
Windows 7 is here and looking like the " real " Vista for many ; Mac OS X 10.6 , meanwhile , adds spit - shine to Leopard and gives its engine a good tuning too .
In the Linux camp , distributions are taking regular steps forward in usability .
But it 's all become rather routine ; a case of incremental improvement rather than revolution .
So where 's all the real fun happening ?
Where are the radical new ideas , the Wild West code commits and the geekery and hackery that really drive innovation ?
Well , it 's all going on in the alternative operating system world .
There are hundreds of projects in varying stages of development , from small , one - man - band shows to serious attempts at mounting an assault on the desktop .
We 're going to look at 10 of the most intriguing open - source operating systems in this brave new world .
In most cases these are available as CD ISO images that you can burn to CD - Rs and boot up for testing if you fancy it .
Alternatively , a simpler approach is to use a PC emulator such as VirtualBox or Qemu .
With these and similar tools you can use ' .iso ' image files ( or '. flp ' floppy disc images ) as virtual drives , so there 's no need to write any physical media .
1. ReactOS
Goal : Run Windows apps on an open - source OS
Web : www.reactos.org
Out of all the operating systems we looked at , ReactOS is the one most likely to have Steve Ballmer tossing chairs .
Originally named FreeWin95 , the developers ' original goal was to create a completely open - source clone of , you guessed it , Windows 95 .
As time went on , however , there was little serious code to show and it was clear that the NT code base was the future for Microsoft .
In 1998 , ReactOS rose out of the ashes of FreeWin95 .
Early progress was slow , but in 2004 version 0.2.0 arrived with a usable desktop and respectable , albeit very limited , Windows compatibility .
Today , ReactOS is based around a home - grown kernel , but the project makes heavy use of the WINE libraries that are popular for running Windows applications on Linux .
ReactOS is available as a Live CD or as an installable OS .
Right now , it looks and feels much like Windows 2000 .
Chunky widgets abound , and the Start menu , taskbar , window buttons and so forth are where you 'd expect to see them .
So , is it compatible ?
Chasing Microsoft 's vast APIs is no easy job , especially with so many undocumented calls to fathom out , but ReactOS does an impressive job .
Firefox ( with Flash ) , MSN Messenger , OpenOffice.org , StarCraft , Diablo 2 , Quake III arena and many more apps run acceptably well , albeit with the occasional crash .
Newer versions of MS Office and Visual Basic have troubles , though .
It 's an ongoing job .
At this point you may be asking : ' Why would Microsoft be worried about an OS that still needs a lot more work ? '
Sure , right now ReactOS is no threat to Redmond .
But for the tens of millions of people on the planet who use Windows as a springboard for a web browser , word processor and Solitaire , ReactOS could one day be a completely free drop - in replacement .
If the project receives commercial backing in the future , Microsoft 's response will be interesting to watch .
2. Haiku
Goal :
Be a free reincarnation of BeOS
Web : www.haiku-os.org
Sadly , BeOS never made the mainstream desktop impact that its supporters so passionately hoped for .
This multimedia - focused operating system peaked in the late 1990s , but Microsoft 's stranglehold on the desktop prevented it from attaining anything more than relative obscurity .
Those days are gone , but the spirit of BeOS lives on .
Haiku is named after BeOS 's error messages , many of which were quaintly fashioned in Japanese poetry format .
Like BeOS , Haiku aims to be compatible with the small range of native BeOS programs .
It 's available in raw hard drive image format , suitable for Qemu ; CD - based versions are due out in the coming months .
Haiku 's interface is refreshingly minimal .
Window title bars are reduced to small yellow tabs with a single close button , while the leaf button at the top - right of the desktop opens up a pseudo Start menu containing applications and settings .
Even in an emulator , it runs at an impressive speed – see how many GLTeaPot demos you can run before the OS starts to stutter .
Even in its pre-alpha state , Haiku is shaping up well , with a wide range of included applications and utilities for desktop usage .
When you open up a command line you may be surprised to find the Bash shell , although Haiku is in no way a Unix flavour .
Of all the alternative OSes currently undergoing development , Haiku is the closest to achieving a stable , fully featured 1.0 release , although that day may still be a way off .
3. AROS
Goal : Recreate the glory days of AmigaOS
Web : http://aros.sourceforge.net
Astoundingly , AmigaOS lives on , despite Commodore 's bankruptcy 15 years ago .
To its fans , the Amiga was revolutionary , offering graphics and sound in the late 1980s that put PCs to shame .
It was n't without its problems , though : the lack of memory protection resulted in colossal crashes when a single app misbehaved .
' Guru meditation ' error messages still haunt the memories of many .
AROS 's aim is to provide an lightweight Amiga compatible OS for modern machines , with source code compatibility with AmigaOS 3.1 : in other words , if you have the source code for an old Amiga app , you can recompile it to run natively on AROS on an x86 chip .
Many versions of AROS are available , and you can even run it from inside Linux .
For the best experience , though , grab the ' pc-i386 - boot - iso ' CD - R image and boot it .
If you 're a former Amiga fan , you 'll probably well up when Wanderer , the Workbench replacement , loads up : aside from the modern lick of paint , it feels just like the glory days of AmigaOS .
The filesystem layout is the same , right - clicking activates the menu at the top , and in the Extras / Demos folder you 'll find heaps of toys .
While AROS is undoubtedly attractive to those who pine after the great days of the Amiga , it 's an impressively swift and polished desktop OS in its own right .
We do n't expect it to become massive overnight , but it 'll always have a hardcore army of fans .
4. Aranym
Goal : Keep the Atari ST / TT / Falcon alive
Web : http://aranym.sourceforge.net
Atari ST fans have their own equivalent in Aranym .
It 's a virtual machine that emulates a 68040 CPU and various Atari hardware components , on top of which sits AFROS , an open - source version of the TOS / GEM operating system .
You can download it as a program that runs on top of your normal operating system , or alternatively grab the Live CD .
AFROS is – to be blunt – supremely ugly , but then GEM was never known for its looks .
Nevertheless , it 's a sprightly performer , and Atari users will have no problem finding their way around .
A Windows - esque program menu has been shoe - horned into the bottom side of the screen , and on the whole it faithfully recreates Atari 's 16 - bit machines : if you were an Atari fan in the '90s and still have some old floppies lying around , you might be able to get your old apps running .
5. Syllable
Goal : Provide a user - friendly desktop OS
Web : www.syllable.org
Thus far , all of the OSes we 've looked at have been based on other OSes .
Syllable , however , has been engineered from the ground up as a unique OS , with some inspiration from BeOS and AmigaOS .
Originally known as AtheOS , the project development was forked after the lead developer effectively abandoned his work , and Syllable was born .
After booting from the Live CD , you can log in as the user ' root ' with password ' root ' .
The desktop is playfully colourful and clean : click the ' S ' button at the top left to peruse the installed software .
T
here 's the usual collection of desktop utilities , including a media player and WebKit based browser .
It 's impressively fast and has the potential to be an excellent desktop OS for breathing new life into older machines .
At version 0.6.6 , Syllable is one of the most advanced alternative OSes around .
Unfortunately , though , there 's a distinct lack of native software , and development on the project has slowed down in the last couple of years .
If you 're interested in helping out on an OS project , then Syllable 's small but friendly team is a good place to start .
Hi there .
I ’m S.E. , and welcome to my diary at The Daily Caller .
From time to time I ’ll share lurid and intimate details from my life and reveal the inner workings of my less - than - fecund mind purely for your own amusement … and to indulge in a little self - satisfying solipsism .
If you do n’t know me , I ’m an author , a political columnist , and a conservative television commentator .
I live in New York City , I love board games , and my favorite food is macaroni and cheese .
I ’m also a terrible person .
You should know this about me now , because it will lessen the blow later when I gradually reveal all of my grotesque short - comings over the course of our relationship here at The Daily Caller .
I figure , if I ’m upfront with you at the beginning , you will come to hate me only slightly less .
It ’s that modicum of tolerance that I hope I can eventually turn into a shred of acceptance , and then later maybe that will become a snippet of appreciation .
But that may just be wishful thinking .
So let ’s pretend we ’re on our first date , and we ’re getting to know each other .
You are sitting across the table from me at some trendy , low - lit , beautiful - people lounge that you picked and I probably hate .
You ’re sipping from a glass of small - batch bourbon that you ordered to prove how “ old - school ” you are , and I ’m sipping from a glass of small - batch bourbon because that ’s what I drink .
In the first five minutes you ’ve been sure to let me know you ’re a banker / lawyer / politico and I ’m immediately regretting my pledge never to go out with a banker / lawyer / politico , and as you talk I ’m imagining myself fishing the salmon run in Alaska ( you ’re not there ) .
And then , after your one - of - a - kind story about the time you and your college buddies ran with the bulls in Pamplona , you say , “ So tell me about yourself . ”
And here ’s where I get ready to lower the boom .
First of all , I say , I dislike you very much already .
Not because you ’ve already told me how much money you make , but because I ’m a misanthrope .
That ’s because most of the people I meet fall far short of the examples my mother and father set decades ago .
Whereas they are compassionate , hard - working , down - to - earth , unpretentious , God-fearing common folk , you are an entitled , self - important , elitist and condescending snot weasel who wears his empty moral relativism and cheap “ Daily Show ” pieties like they are Olympic medals .
In addition to being a misanthrope , you should know I do n’t care much for other living things either .
I do n’t really care that polar bears may not live to see the birth of my great - grandkids , or that I just shot a deer with my 12 - gauge , since it will make for really tasty jerky , and I probably just prevented 14 future car accidents .
I would fish every trout out of the Housatonic River if they let me , and grill them up with some lemon and dill .
Catch - and - release is for wimps , and nature ’s bounty is mine for the taking .
The so - called “ environment ” does n’t really tug at my heart - strings either .
I will use as much water as comes out of my faucet , kill enough trees to TP the White House , and burn enough electricity to power the Magic Kingdom , simply because you insist doing so will make me a “ bad person . ”
I recycle because , in Manhattan , I ’m required to , and if I had a car , I ’d get the one that left the biggest carbon footprint , because the flatulent cows in Australia and your pampered dog Fluffy are worse for the planet than my Hummer would be .
The ice caps may be melting in the Arctic , but I ’ve got more pressing concerns — like my letter campaign to bring back the British “ Office , ” and pretty much everything else .
I must confess I ’m also a bit of a warmonger .
Because unlike you I believe in good and evil and protecting my way of life sometimes requires inflicting blunt trauma .
If you ’re going to tell me that Islamo - fascist , communist and socialist dictatorships around the world are n’t worse than we are –they ’re just “ different ” –I ’m going to tell you that you ’re a colossal idiot , and we should probably part company here .
American exceptionalism is n’t a theory , it ’s a fact .
Sorry , France .
( Your music sucks anyway . )
Lastly , and probably worst of all , I ’m a conservative , which means , of course , that I do n’t deserve to live .
Valuing the sanctity of life , the traditional family , the 2nd Amendment , personal responsibility , low taxes and a limited government puts me at odds with the esteemed cultural taste arbiters of our great nation–like Alec Baldwin and Rosie O’Donnell .
I know this , and accept this .
It ’s a lonely road sometimes , but as a misanthrope , it works out well .
So if all of this means we ca n’t be friends , I ’ll be perfectly honest with you –I ’m not exactly devastated .
If , on the other hand , you like what you ’ve heard , maybe there is a future for us here at The Daily Caller after all .
Just know that I probably wo n’t remember your birthday or send you emails with emoticons or pithy cartoons .
But I will send you copious Facebook and Twitter messages extolling the virtues of NASCAR , hunting , and Mike Huckabee ’s bass - playing skills .
If that sounds like friendship to you , well here ’s to a long ( and patently distant ) one .
Hugs and Kisses ,
SE
S.E. Cupp is co-author of “ Why You ’re Wrong About The Right , ” ( Simon & Schuster , June 2008 ) .
Her second book , “ Losing Our Religion : The Liberal Media ’s Attack on Christianity ” comes out in April 2010 .
She is a columnist for the New York Daily News and a regular guest on “ Hannity , ” “ Larry King Live , ” “ Fox & Friends , ” “ Geraldo , ” “ Red Eye with Greg Gutfeld , ” and others .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
There is a battle going on in the White House for the very soul of the organic dairy movement — and possibly over the future of small family - operated dairy farms — and you do n’t even know it .
I ’d like to think that I ’m overstating things but no .
At issue is an obscure rule in the USDA Organic label that requires “ access to pasture ” for organic dairy cows .
Barry Estabrook , ex of Gourmet , lays it out for us :
In the early 2000s , virtually all of the nation ’s organic dairy farmers — not to mention the millions of consumers willing to pay a premium for organic products — agreed that milk certified as organic by the United States Department of Agriculture had to come from cows that had access to pasture .
As government regulations go , it sounds pretty straightforward : room to roam , clean air to breathe , fresh grass to eat .
And that was the general consensus on what the National Organic Standards required .
But beginning in the mid-2000s , at about the time when it became evident that the green “ USDA Organic ” label translated into bigger profits , huge Confined Animal Feeding Operations ( CAFOs ) with herds of up to 10,000 cows located in western states got into the organic milk business .
And that ’s where things started to get ugly .
The giant dairies wanted a piece of the organic action and began to work the rules to qualify .
Here ’s what “ access to pasture ” meant to companies like Horizon Organics or Aurora Dairy , the milk giant that supplies many big box discounters with organic milk :
In some cases , a narrow , grassless strip outside the vast barns in which the animals were kept was considered “ pasture ” because some hay had been spread there .
National Organic Standard Board ( NOSB ) allowances for cows and their very young calves to be kept indoors for a short period after birth were twisted to include all milking cows being kept inside 24/ 7 for 310 days a year .
Either through bureaucratic lassitude or willful neglect , the big producers were helped every step of the way by USDA officials .
Estabrook helpfully links to some photos of what an organic CAFO looks like — not much pasture anywhere to be seen .
Finally , in response to complaints from groups like the Cornucopia Institute , the USDA acted by forcing Aurora to adjust its practices .
And now the USDA has updated the “ access to pasture ” rule in a way that , according to USDA officials , will :
… be in line with an understanding organic producers arrived at by consensus in the early 2000s : Milk cows will graze on pasture for the entire growing season , or for at least 120 days in areas of inclement weather , getting 30 percent of their food from pasture .
But before that rule goes into effect , it must be approved by the White House ’s Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) .
It ’s a prime opportunity for those with access to do a little lobbying :
And guess who has been lobbying hard to “ sway the Obama administration , ” according to the Organic Consumers Association ?
None other than Aurora Dairy ( whose chairman Mark Retzloff and his wife , Theresa , contributed $ 4,600 to the 2008 presidential campaign of Thomas Vilsack , the current head of the USDA , according to Campaignmoney.com )
“ That level of donor historically buys access , ” said Kastel .
OMB has no expertise in this area , of course , and who knows what seemingly minor alterations at the prompting of large dairy lobbyists could do to undermine the rule ’s intent .
The Organic Consumers Association is meanwhile running a phone and email campaign to urge President Obama to approve the new rules as written .
The real debate , of course , is n’t over what is or is n’t pasture .
It ’s over whether organic agriculture is just a better version of industrial agriculture — in the case of dairy , one with slightly more humane CAFOs but still based on a grain - fed commodity system that favors low prices and high output over farmer income or product quality .
Or rather should organic agriculture be a government - supported “ safe haven ” market for small and medium - sized farms that receive a premium for avoiding the temptations of industrial efficiencies of scale and instead approach some sense of sustainability ?
It ’s a debate we ’ve willfully avoided — and now we ’re faced with the result .
If the OMB changes the rules and the “ organic dairy CAFO ” gets the USDA seal of approval , we ’ll know that , whatever the positive rhetoric coming from the White House and the USDA , they will have allowed large - scale producers to come a step closer to ownership of the USDA Organic label .
Organic may soon become just become another big business marketing tool and more and more dairy farmers will go out of business as large - scale producers take over .
There is , sad to say , nothing sustainable about that .
Since when are corporations PEOPLE .... no matter what side of the aisle you are on , this decision is bad for democracy and will silence PEOPLE .
Corporations will have their hand picked people in office bought and sold .
Chief Justice Roberts will go down as one of the worst justices EVER for this decision .
Home Page
H. L. Mencken : Gift Certificate
W here is the graveyard of dead gods ?
What lingering mourner waters their mounds ?
There was a time when Jupiter was the king of the gods , and any man who doubted his puissance was ipso facto a barbarian and an ignoramus .
But where in all the world is there a man who worships Jupiter today ?
And who of Huitzilopochtli ?
In one year - and it is no more than five hundred years ago - 50,000 youths and maidens were slain in sacrifice to him .
Today , if he is remembered at all , it is only by some vagrant savage in the depths of the Mexican forest .
Huitzilopochtli , like many other gods , had no human father ; his mother was a virtuous widow ; he was born of an apparently innocent flirtation that she carried out with the sun .
When he frowned , his father , the sun , stood still .
When he roared with rage , earthquakes engulfed whole cities .
When he thirsted he was watered with 10,000 gallons of human blood .
But today Huitzilopochtli is as magnificently forgotten as Allen G. Thurman .
Once the peer of Allah , Buddha and Wotan , he is now the peer of Richmond P. Hobson , Alton B. Parker , Adelina Patti , General Weyler and Tom Sharkey .
S peaking of Huitzilopochtli recalls his brother Tezcatilpoca .
Tezcatilpoca was almost as powerful ; he consumed 25,000 virgins a year .
Lead me to his tomb : I would weep , and hang a couronne des perles .
But who knows where it is ?
Or where the grave of Quetzalcoatl is ?
Or Xiehtecuthli ?
Or Centeotl , that sweet one ?
Or Tlazolteotl , the goddess of love ?
Of Mictlan ?
Or Xipe ?
Or all the host of Tzitzimitles ?
Where are their bones ?
Where is the willow on which they hung their harps ?
In what forlorn and unheard - of Hell do they await their resurrection morn ?
Who enjoys their residuary estates ?
Or that of Dis , whom Caesar found to be the chief god of the Celts ?
Of that of Tarves , the bull ?
Or that of Moccos , the pig ?
Or that of Epona , the mare ?
Or that of Mullo , the celestial jackass ?
There was a time when the Irish revered all these gods , but today even the drunkest Irishman laughs at them .
Prejudices :
A Selection
Treatise on the Gods
The Vintage Mencken
Mencken
Chrestomathy
American Language B ut they have company in oblivion : the Hell of dead gods is as crowded
as the Presbyterian Hell for babies .
Damona is there , and Esus , and
Drunemeton , and Silvana , and Dervones , and Adsalluta , and Deva , and
Belisima , and Uxellimus , and Borvo , and Grannos , and Mogons .
All mighty gods in their day , worshipped by millions , full of demands and impositions , able to bind and loose - all gods of the first class .
Men labored for generations to build vast temples to them - temples with stones as large as hay - wagons .
The business of interpreting their whims occupied thousands of priests ,
bishops , archbishops .
To doubt them was to die , usually at the stake .
Armies took to the field to defend them against infidels ; villages were burned , women and children butchered , cattle were driven off .
Yet in the end they all withered and died , and today there is none so poor to do them reverence .
W hat has become of Sutekh , once the high god of the whole Nile Valley ?
What has become of :
Resheph Baal
Anath Astarte
Ashtoreth Hadad
Nebo Dagon
Melek Yau
Ahijah Amon-Re
Isis Osiris
Ptah Molech ?
A ll there were gods of the highest eminence .
Many of them are mentioned with fear and trembling in the Old Testament .
They ranked , five or six thousand years ago , with Yahweh Himself ; the worst of them stood far higher than Thor .
Yet they have all gone down the chute , and with them the following : Arianrod Nuada Argetlam
Morrigu Tagd
Govannon Goibniu
Gunfled Odin
Dagda Ogma
Ogryvan Marzin
Dea Dia Mara
Iuno Lucina Diana of Ephesus
Saturn Robigus
Furrina Pluto
Cronos Vesta
Engurra Zer-panitu
Belus Merodach
Ubilulu Elum
U - dimmer - an - kia Marduk
U-sab-sib Nin
U- Mersi Persephone
Tammuz Istar
Venus Lagas
Beltis Nirig
Nusku En-Mersi
Aa Assur
Sin Beltu
Apsu Kuski- banda
Elali Nin-azu
Mami Qarradu
Zaraqu Ueras
Zagaga
A sk the rector to lend you any good book on comparative religion ; you will find them all listed .
They were gods of the highest dignity - gods of civilized peoples - worshipped and believed in by millions .
All were omnipotent , omniscient and immortal .
A nd all are dead .
Links Encyclopedia of Gods
Polygamy
Mormons :
The new battle is one against atheism
Evolve Beyond Belief ...
Pick one up for a friend !
Six months after becoming an international star , Casper the bus-riding cat has been killed by a hit - and - run driver .
Casper was a local legend in Plymouth , England .
For four years , he lined up each morning at the stop outside his house and flagged the 10:55 a.m. bus .
Once on board , he ’d curl up in a corner and fall asleep .
One driver estimated that Casper had travelled more than 32,000 kilometres by public transit .
A rider since he was 12 , he sometimes slept through his final stop of the day – back in front of his house – but local drivers knew to wake him up and let him off .
According to the Plymouth Herald , a death notice was taped up at Casper ’s bus stop this week :
“ Many local people knew Casper , who loved everyone .
He also enjoyed the bus journeys .
“ Sadly , a motorist hit him ... and did not stop . ”
“ Casper died from his injuries .
He will be greatly missed ... he was a much loved pet who had so much character .
Thank you to all those who befriended him . ”
Casper ’s owner , Susan Finden , found him in a pound in 2002 .
She named him after the Friendly Ghost because of his habit of disappearing .
She discovered his commuting secret when Casper followed her onto the bus one morning .
The driver told her the cat was a regular passenger .
“ He does love people , ” Finden , a social worker , told the BBC back in July , “ and I do n’t know what the attraction is , but he loves big vehicles like lorries and buses . ”
As I sit here preparing for my final college exams , I can't help but think back on the ups and downs of the past two years .
Ups : the defeat of the Republican Party in 2008 , my own graduation from college , and the formation of progressive student and veteran movements ; and downs : suffering through a war and hospitalization due to post - traumatic stress , watching my friends die in foreign countries , and now , the betrayal of my generation by a President who we put our utmost faith in .
From Apathy to Activism
On election night in 2008 , thousands of students in Bellingham , Washington reacted to the news of Obama 's victory by noisily and merrily marching through the cold streets to drums and bullhorns .
For the first time in my life since returning from the Iraq War , I proudly carried an American flag right - side - up , broke through police barricades with hundreds of youthful , jubilant demonstrators , and partied in the middle of a street till early in the morning .
The elation of the crowd of young people was matched only by the distasteful negativity of the dozen - or - so old Republicans gathered at their headquarters around a TV playing FOXnews .
Billed as the opening victory of " Generation O , " the momentum of the progressive campus movement felt unstoppable .
Socialist , anti-war and counter - culture groups suddenly proliferated across the area .
Pro-Obama graffiti appeared on buildings and walls everywhere ; articles in student publications praised progressive values .
The City of Bellingham seriously considered granting sanctuary to war - resisting AWOL soldiers -- a student - led initiative .
Within weeks , the conservative reaction was underway .
Letters appeared in the local paper calling for the closing of Western Washington University and the drafting of all students into GOP wars .
The chairwomen of the local republicans , Luanne Van Werven , appeared on FOXnews bashing college students and demeaning the higher education in general .
Conservative groups sent salaried workers to organize a young - republican group at the college , unsuccessfully .
Supporters of the Sanctuary idea were shouted down at a town - hall meeting by angry republicans with signs reading " Shoot the Traitors . "
All in all , it seemed that with every passing week , more youth were demanding their political empowerment and more old conservatives were angrily impotent .
Led by a progressive president , it seemed like the generation of Hope had reached its peak .
That was in 2008 .
Fast - forward one year .
The Failure of " Dumb War Theory " and Capitalism
Last week , hundreds of students again gathered to march noisily .
Unlike November of 2008 , however , their signs now are angry and there is no dancing .
Speakers railed against the latest Bush - like troop surge , and the crowd noisily and angrily rallied against the Obama administration 's failure to capitalize on any political victory .
Tired of waiting for the promised change , the young , it appears , are turning to that last - resort , dirty - word : Socialism .
And why not Socialism ?
Young people today cannot even remember a time without war , crushing student - loans , environmental catastrophe , torture and terror .
All of these , according to Marxism , are necessarily end results of unbridled Capitalism at work .
It seems obvious to any kid having grown up under the Bush regime - siblings in Iraq , parents in debt , education in ruins - that the two percent of " haves " are destroying the lives of the ninety - eight percent of the " have - nots . "
Socialism makes sense to us , if only because Capitalism does not .
Most disappointing of all to the youth , though , is Obama 's betrayal of their values .
Particularly , his extensions of Bush policies and war - mongering .
Obama's " dumb war " theory ( i.e. that some wars are just and some are just " dumb " ) is , to us , a complete abomination of the concept of peace .
By evoking the Reverend Doctor King in his Nobel acceptance speech while in the same breath dismissing non-violence , Obama has bastardized the concept of peace and alienated us , anti-war youth , permanently from his politics .
For myself , I have come in my time in college to an understanding of the beauty of MLK 's philosophy of world peace .
That violent force cannot ever be justified -- that two wrongs do n't make a right -- seems like second nature now .
Obama 's twisted pseudo - intellectual rationalization of war - mongering stands in strict opposition to the teachings of Jesus Christ ( love thy neighbor , turn the other cheek , blessed are the peacemakers , thou shalt not kill , et cetera ) and make this veteran sick .
I would not feign to argue with the leader of the free world , but then again I have seen war from the ground up , and he has not .
I know that I speak for the young anti-war movement when I say that Obama has betrayed us .
I also speak for the anti-war youth when I say that we wo n't forget it .
Last week at an anti-war rally I met two marines preparing to go to Afghanistan .
Though they were skeptical of the " hippie " protestors , they listened closely to me as an experienced veteran .
I explained to them that real courage does n't need to hide behind an M - 4 and body - armor .
They asked me about pacifism , and were surprised when I told them that non-violence and pacifism are two separate things .
These two young marines , both misinterpreted the teachings of non-violence ( the same way Obama did in his Nobel lecture ) , gave me the familiar " we should kill them before they kill us " argument , but they had no response to my question : why not change their minds instead of killing them ?
I almost expect to hear misinterpretations of non-violence from a pair of 20 - year - old marines at a peace protest , but I did not expect to hear it from Commander - in - Chief Obama a week later in almost the same words .
That Obama and his generals think the cultural and ideological problems of Asia can be solved with drones and surges is a testament only to their failure of imagination .
That Obama could stand up at the Nobel podium and defend his mass murders ( less - dumb wars ? ) is a complete abomination .
I know I am expressing the collective concern of my fellow students when I wonder why does n't Obama get it ?
The reason Islamic extremists hate American culture is the same reason we voted for change : the world is tired of war , globalization , exploitation , and the other trappings of the for - profit American culture .
There is a common denominator in our politics that Obama would rather not let himself see : the failure of our way of life .
The youth of today see this from the bottom of the heap looking up , whether they are soldiers interrogating Afghani villagers , or students working the night shift to get through college .
Why ca n't Obama see it ?
The Future of Politics
As I prepare to take my first college degree and enter into the world of the Great Recession , I look back on a time of great turmoil .
Not only have we students roundly rejected the Neo - Con worldview , but we have been betrayed by the leader we helped to elect .
I also look forward to a time of re-generation .
Though our generation is the most democratic and least republican one since the civil war , do n't be surprised if we turn away from the Democratic party soon .
Fool us once , DNC , shame on you .
But beware : it may not happen again .
My generation can't afford not to have health care .
We can't afford to live on minimum wage .
We can't afford to allow CEOs to rape our natural resources .
Unlike some older folks , my generation understands the differences between communism and socialism .
My generation understands that war is not the answer , and we are beginning to understand who President Obama really is .
We will tirelessly dedicate ourselves to fixing the planet and realizing the ideals which our parents have rejected , but we will not forget which party promised us hope and which party failed us .
We the youth will bear the yoke of tomorrow , and we the youth are quickly learning that the best way to bear that yoke is to cast it off .
Real change can't be far away , with or without Obama .
By John Stossel - November 4 , 2009
I made The New York Times last week .
It even ran my picture .
My mother would be proud .
Unfortunately , the story was critical .
It said , " Critics have leaped on Mr. Stossel 's speaking engagements as the latest evidence of conservative bias on the part of Fox . "
Which " critics " had " leaped " ?
The reporter mentioned Rachel Maddow .
I would n't think her criticism newsworthy , but Times reporters may use MSNBC as their guide to life .
He also quoted an " associate professor of journalism " who said my speeches were " ' pretty shameful ' by traditional journalistic standards . "
All this because I spoke at an event for Americans for Prosperity ( AFP ) , a " conservative advocacy group . "
It is odd that this is a news story .
In August , AFP hired me to do the very same thing .
I give the money to charity .
The Times did n't call that " shameful . "
But in August , I worked for ABC News .
Now , I work for Fox .
Hmmm .
It reminds me of something that happened earlier in my career .
I was one of America 's first TV consumer reporters .
I approached the job with an attitude .
If companies ripped people off , I would embarrass them on TV -- and demand that government do something .
( I now regret the latter -- the former was a good thing . )
I clearly had a point of view : I was a crusader out to punish corporate bullies .
My colleagues liked it .
I got job offers .
I won 19 Emmys .
I was invited to speak at journalism conferences .
Then , gradually , I figured out that business , for the most part , treats consumers pretty well .
The way to get rich in business is to create something good , sell it for a reasonable price , acquire a reputation for honesty and keep pleasing customers so they come back for more .
As a local TV reporter , I could find plenty of crooks .
But once I got to the national stage -- " 20/20 " and " Good Morning America " -- it was hard to find comparable national scams .
There were some : Enron , Bernie Madoff , etc .
But they are rare .
In a $ 14 trillion economy , you 'd think there 'd be more .
But there are n't .
I figured out why : Market forces , even when hampered by government , keep scammers in check .
Reputation matters .
Word gets out .
Good companies thrive , and bad ones atrophy .
Regulation barely deters the cheaters , but competition does .
It made me want to learn more about free markets .
I subscribed to Reason magazine and read Cato Institute research papers .
Then Milton Friedman , Friedrich Hayek and Aaron Wildavsky .
My reporting changed .
I started taking skeptical looks at government -- especially regulation .
I did an ABC TV special , " Are We Scaring You to Death ? " that said we TV reporters often make hysterical claims about chemicals , pollution and other relatively minor risks .
Its good ratings -- 16 million viewers -- surprised my colleagues .
Suddenly , I was n't so popular with them .
I stopped winning Emmys .
I was invited on CNN 's media program , " Reliable Sources , " to be interviewed by The Washington Post 's Howard Kurtz and an indignant Bernard Kalb .
They titled the segment , " Objectivity and Journalism : Does John Stossel Practice Either ? "
It was in big letters over my head .
Apparently , I had broken the rules .
On the air they told me that I was no longer objective .
I was too stunned to defend myself effectively .
I said something like : " I 've always had a point of view .
How come you had no trouble with that when I criticized business ? "
In hindsight , I wish I 'd said : " Look at the title on the wall , you hypocrites !
It shows you have a point of view , too .
Many reporters do .
You just do n't like my arguments now that I no longer hew to your statist line .
So you want to shut me up . "
But I did n't .
So I 'll say it now : Reporters who think coercive government control is generally good and I , who thinks voluntary market forces are generally better , both have a point of view .
So why am I the one called biased ?
I like what " Americans for Prosperity " defends .
I 'm an American , and I 'm for prosperity .
What creates prosperity is free and competitive markets .
That means limited government .
And I will speak about that every chance I get .
Today 's unveiling of what seemed to be a dull product , also introduced something else even more significant from Apple - - its first real CPU , the 1GHz Apple A4 processor .
Apple 's purchase of PA Semiconductor not too long ago , yielded its first product today , but it's not the fact that it was used in the iPad that makes it special .
What 's special is that Apple now has a real processor on its hands .
And in case you 're wondering whether or not Apple 's own CPU can compete with the likes of ARM's Cortex or Qualcomm 's Snapdragon CPUs , the A4 has potential to kick the living shnizzles out of those CPUs .
First , the A4 runs at a 1GHz frequency , which by mobile CPU standards , is quite high .
Considering that Qualcomm's 1GHz Snapdragon powers Google 's Nexus One , the Apple A4 could power the next wave of super - smartphones .
In fact , at its current spec and frequency , the Apple A4 can play back HD video for 10 hours before requiring a full battery charge .
As of currently , other specs about Apple 's A4 CPU are scant , but we 're sure things will be more clear in the next coming weeks .
We can see from the iPad 's capabilities that the A4 is potent , but things are still fresh and we 'll have to wait and see what software developers can come up with .
What the iPad showcases today and what it's an indication of , is a lot more interesting than the iPad itself .
More on the Apple iPad here .
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
Looks like the folks at Wikipedia were prepared for the worst when it came to Rush Limbaugh .
Actually they were a little too well prepared .
Shortly after the news broke that the conservative political radio talk show host was hospitalized , Wikipedia updated his page – and pronounced him dead .
Folks ( like us ) who happened to take a look at Limbaugh ’s biography , saw this :
Rush Hudson Limbaugh III ( pronounced / ˈlɪmbɔː / ; born January 12 , 1951 , died December 30 , 2009 ) is an American radio host and conservative political commentator .
He is the host of The Rush Limbaugh Show , the highest - rated talk - radio program in the United States .
It airs throughout the U.S. on Premiere Radio Networks .
That was posted shortly after midnight , EST .
Rush , of course , was very much alive and about 15 minutes later Wikipedia pronounced him so , altering their bio by removing the information that he had died .
Limbaugh remains hospitalized Thurday .
Personal Quote :
If you 're over 40 , by the way , the Doctors give up on you .
At 20 they would have fashioned a new ankle out of acacia wood , but for me it was " Yeah , your ankle 's worn out ! "
Is there anything I can do ?
" Well there are stretches . . "
Will that fix it ?
" No , you just do that now !
You do that until you and your shitty ankle goes away . "
Archaeologists wore protective clothing to prevent contamination of the remains
By Peter Jackson
BBC News
The first of the remains of 250 World War I soldiers found in France are being reburied with military honours after painstaking efforts to identify them .
How do you put the right name on a headstone after so long ?
When the first chipped and battle - scarred bones were excavated from a muddy field in northern France last May , the story of the forgotten battle of Fromelles began to emerge .
The remains of 250 British and Australian soldiers had lain undiscovered for 93 years since falling on the Western Front .
Boots , purses , toothbrushes and other personal artefacts lay amongst the twisted skeletons at Pheasant Wood , offering partial clues about the men 's identities .
My grandmother died without knowing where Len was buried - this would bring proper closure to a family tragedy
Richard Parker , pictured inset
First soldier is reburied
But it is the unique genetic codes within these remains that offer the best chance of putting names to each unknown soldier .
So far , more than 800 UK families who think they may have lost a relative at Fromelles have given DNA samples , but many will be disappointed .
The man whose job it is to help identify the soldiers says it is like finding a needle in a haystack , albeit with a very good metal detector .
" The problem with DNA that 's been in the ground for 90 years is it degrades in quality and quantity , " says molecular geneticist Dr Peter Jones .
" If it 's a very acidic site , there 's no chance of DNA at all because acids attack DNA rapidly .
If it 's dry and arid like in a desert , you get good DNA .
If it 's wet , less good . "
The remains extracted from Fromelle 's muddy burial pits have produced small but workable amounts of DNA , says Dr Jones .
The teeth , which preserve well because they are encased in enamel , give by far the best samples .
" The hardest part is finding the right families and getting them to come forward ... you can have good DNA profiles , but no family to match it up to . "
Tracing family DNA
An individual 's genetic code is carried by the DNA inside every cell of the body .
A unique DNA profile and sequence can be made by extracting DNA from remains of the dead or mouth swabs of the living .
DNA from Y chromosomes and mitochondrial DNA is then analysed .
Families will share similar DNA traits .
Family trees help establish paternal and maternal lines to trace who is alive today to provide DNA samples to match against those taken from the remains of the Fromelles soldiers .
As long as a relative is on either the paternal or maternal line , then a match to a soldier should be possible .
Clues to the soldier 's identity would lie with his sons or grandsons , if he had any , as the male Y chromosome DNA is passed from father to son .
If he did not have children , as in the example above , DNA from his brother 's grandsons or great grandsons may do .
On the soldier 's maternal side , his sister 's grandchildren or his sister 's grandaughters ' children will have inherited the same mitochondrial DNA he got from his mother .
If there are no surviving members on one branch of the family , then going back generations to find another line is also valid .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
Although 250 bodies have been recovered from the graves , it 's thought about 1,500 British and 5,500 Australian troops fell in the battle , making it all the harder to match .
And when it comes to matching DNA samples across several generations , Dr Jones says the methods are far from perfect .
Unlike the seven " markers " used for more exact matches on the National DNA Database , he only has two at his disposal - the Y ( paternal ) and mitrochondrial ( maternal ) profiles .
IN PICTURES : THE ARTEFACTS
Boots , bibles and tobacco pouches " If we had the children of the soldiers , we could use the same markers as the DNA database .
But because we are three generations away , the markers get diluted out through each mother and father . "
Families searching for their ancestors have been asked to give maternal and paternal samples - preferably two each - using a simple cheek swab .
The DNA results will be added to the anthropological , archaeological and historical information to try to get positive identifications .
Families will be told sometime after March , once the remains of all 250 soldiers have been buried .
Their final resting place will be a new war cemetery nearby , the first to be built in 50 years .
The £ 3 m project , funded by the British and Australian governments , is overseen by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission .
Waiting for news will be Richard Parker , 47 , who has spent 25 years trying to retrace the footsteps of his ancestor Leonard Twamley .
His father 's uncle was just 19 when he volunteered for the Royal Warwickshire Regiment .
Six months later , the 20 - year - old died at Fromelles .
" He was an ordinary working class lad from Coventry working in a cycle factory , who gave his life because it was considered his patriotic duty to do so . "
Although interested in Len 's story since his 20s , Mr Parker did not know he was killed at Fromelles until an amateur historian contacted him last year .
Leonard Twamley 's mother put this poignant notice in the Coventry Herald Since then he has made a pilgrimage to the French village with his father , who supplied DNA , along with Len 's surviving nephews and nieces .
" Even if his body is n't found , in some respects his memory is even more alive now .
By researching what sort of person he was , we now know much more about him , " Mr Parker says .
" My grandmother died without knowing where Len was buried ... this would bring proper closure to a family tragedy that goes back 95 years . "
Unknown soldiers
The bodies that remain untraceable will be buried with a headstone marked simply " Known Unto God " .
Dr Jones fears many will suffer this fate .
He estimates the final number identified to be up to 100 , but more likely tens .
THE BATTLE OF FROMELLES 19 - 20 July 1916 , 19 days after Somme Campaign Intended as diversion to stop German soldiers going to Somme Troops of 5th Australian and 61st British divisions led attack at 6 pm Within 11 hours , 5,533 Australians killed , wounded or taken prisoner and 1,547 similar British losses Soldiers from Gloucestershire , Bristol , Warwickshire and Worcestershire heavily involved Worst 24 hours in Australia 's military history , considered a national tragedy Forces believed to have included the then 27 - year - old Adolf Hitler Even if there is a DNA match , it may not necessarily be the right family because some DNA profiles are relatively common .
Adoptions , women who married and changed names , and paternity issues can also throw a spanner in the works .
Other families simply die out .
But a match can be made through cousins , nephews or nieces on the family line .
So if a family is missing a paternal link , they can trace the soldier 's father , grandfather or brother , then locate their living relatives .
Dr Jones says one family went back seven generations on the maternal side then came forward five to find a suitable relative .
Forensic anthropologist Professor Margaret
Cox says the team is so reliant on DNA matches as 90 % of British enlistment records were destroyed in the Blitz .
And the painstaking methods of extracting and cataloguing remains have been refined at the scenes of genocide and war crimes in Rwanda , the Balkans and Iraq .
As at those sites , the bodies recovered gave clues to their fate - in this case , fractured bones showing damage from machine guns , rifles , mortar shells and shrapnel .
But they were buried in deep graves with order and respect .
" You try not to imagine what it was like , it makes it difficult to do our work , " she says , adding that this is easier said than done at times .
What brought the tragedy home were the artefacts - the inscribed bibles and lucky charms .
For her , the two most poignant came from Australian soldiers .
The first was a small lucky charm in the shape of a boomerang , to symbolise returning home .
The other was the return half of a railway ticket from Freemantle to Perth , intended for the soldier 's journey home to his family .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
when asked if she'd be willing to play Conan O'Brien in the HBO movie version of the latest Late Night Wars , to Movieline .
Crunch Ball 3000
Genre : Sports Games
Developer : Ben Olding Games
Game Overview :
Flash games are getting more complex all the time , and Crunch Ball 3000 is a great example of this evolution .
Team based sports games are rarely attempted because the programming required to control the computer AI opponents can be difficult .
Crunch Ball 3000 is a combination of several sports including hockey , soccer , and football , with gameplay similar to the NHL series for the 16 - bit consoles .
It boasts arcade single matches and a career mode where you can upgrade your players and team .
There are several football - type plays that can be switched during gameplay which offers a variety of strategies .
Other added features include individual player stats , team editor , futuristic sound effects , 3D player graphics , and even a 2 - player mode to play against a friend on the same computer .
Controls / How To Play :
W - A - S - D Keys =
Move currently selected player
G = Throw Ball / Tackle
H = Pass / Change Player
J = Change Formation
P = Pause
Dear Colleagues :
In Ingrid Newkirk ’s attempt to deal with Victor Schonfeld ’s powerful essay , Five Fatal Flaws of Animal Activism , Newkirk tried to defend welfare reform in the following way :
For those who decry gradualism , the practical philosopher Peter Singer would ask , “ Would you prefer to live in the horror you ’re in , bred to grow seven times more quickly than natural so that your bones splinter and your organs collapse , or would you prefer to be able to live without chronic pain ?
Would you prefer to live your life crammed into a small cage , unable to lift your wings , build a nest , or do almost anything else that you would like to do , or would you prefer to , at the very least , be able to walk ?
Would you prefer to be hung upside - down by your feet and then scalded to death or lose consciousness when the crate you are in passes through a controlled atmosphere stunner ? ”
The answers should be clear .
Let ’s ask similar questions in the context of human exploitation :
Would you prefer to get an ice cream cone before you were molested ?
Would you prefer not to be tortured before you were murdered ?
Would you prefer to be tortured for 15 minutes rather than 20 minutes before you were murdered ?
Would you prefer not to be beaten before you were raped ?
Would you prefer to be water boarded on a padded board rather than an unpadded board ?
The answers should be clear .
Of course it is better to do less harm than more harm .
But that begs the fundamental question as to whether we can justify imposing the harm in the first place .
If rape is wrong , we should not have campaigns for “ humane ” rape .
The same analysis applies to pedophilia , torture , murder , etc .
Moreover , Newkirk fails to acknowledge a simple economic reality : because animals are chattel property and have no inherent value , the only welfare reforms that are accepted are those that provide an economic benefit for us .
PETA acknowledges this explicitly in its campaign for gassing poultry — that method of slaughter is much better economically for producers .
That is precisely why chicken processing plants are increasingly adopting this method of killing .
It makes economic sense .
But the economic reality of animals as property means that the level of animal welfare protection will always be very low and linked to the economically efficient exploitation of animals .
So PETA has , in effect , become a partner with industry to make animal exploitation more efficient .
Great .
The thing that Newkirk does not bother to mention about Singer is that he does not think that eating animals or animal products is inherently problematic .
Indeed , Singer has said repeatedly that because most animals do not have an interest in their lives , the problem is not that we use but how we use them .
Singer thinks that being an omnivore is morally acceptable if you take care to eat animal flesh and products from animals who have been “ humanely ” raised and slaughtered .
I have discussed this issue at length in my books ( particularly Animals as Persons : Essays on the Abolition of Animal Exploitation and my forthcoming book , The Animal Rights Debate : Abolition or Regulation ? , to be published by Columbia University Press in April 2010 ) but you can read some essays on this subject here ( See 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ) .
Newkirk , whose organization , according to Newsweek Magazine , kills approximately 85 % of the animals it rescues , appears to agree that death is not per se a harm for animals .
So for Singer and Newkirk , the issue is treatment , not use .
But that is a fundamentally different way of analyzing the problem than what we would do were humans involved .
And I would maintain that what accounts for the difference is nothing more than speciesism .
Most of us claim to believe that it is morally wrong to inflict “ unnecessary ” suffering and death on animals .
Whatever else “ necessity ” means , it must mean that we cannot justify inflicting suffering and death on animals for reasons of pleasure , amusement , or convenience .
That we believe this was demonstrated in a compelling way in the outcry over Michael Vick ’s dogfighting situation .
But , as I noted in my essay , We ’re All Michael Vick , there is no difference between sitting around the pit watching dogs fight and sitting around a barbecue pit roasting the corpses of animals who have been tortured every bit as much as Vick ’s dogs .
We do not need to eat animal products .
Indeed , more and more mainstream health care professionals are acknowledging that animal products are detrimental to human health .
And animal agriculture is unquestionably an environmental disaster .
Sure , we pay someone else to do the killing , but that ’s a difference without a moral distinction .
So our continued consumption of animal products runs afoul of a moral principle that most of us ( Singer and Newkirk , the father and mother of the “ happy meat ” movement ironically excluded ) accept : all other things being equal , the fact that an action causes suffering and death to a sentient being places a burden on us to provide a justification ; we should never hurt any sentient creature certainly without some very good reason .
And our palate pleasure is no better a reason than Vick ’s amusement watching dogs fight .
So why do n’t we re-conceptualize the question and ask : is it better to torture sentient beings a tiny bit less or to eat foods that do not involve any suffering or death and that are better for our bodies and the planet ?
The answer should be clear .
As a final point , I note that Newkirk says in response to Schonfeld ’s criticism of PETA ’s sexism :
As for the sexy women in our ads , the silly costumes , the street tableaux and the tofu sandwich give - aways , in a world where people want to smile , ca n’t resist looking at an attractive image and are up for a free meal , if such harmless antics will allow one individual to reconsider their own role in exploiting animals , how can it be faulted ?
Does Newkirk really think that sexism and the continued commodification of women in a world in which rape and sexual harassment happens every second of every day constitute “ harmless antics ” ?
Does Newkirk really think that it ’s a good idea to put a “ smile ” on people ’s faces concerning the issue of sexism ?
Does Newkirk really think that the slaughter of 56 billion animals per year ( not counting fish ) is an occasion for evoking a “ smile ” ?
Should we have naked women raising money for Haiti so that people “ smile ” ?
Would Martin Luther King , Jr. , invoked in PETA ’s latest ad that involves a woman of color stripping “ for the animals , ” ever have endorsed putting a “ smile ” on people ’s faces by going naked rather than sitting in the back of the bus ?
Again , Ingrid , the answers should be clear .
THE WORLD IS VEGAN !
If you want it .
Gary L. Francione
© 2010 Gary L. Francione
Riddle Me This
Q : When is a library not a library ?
A : When it ’s two , or three .
The CHP library has been growing progressively larger , and I have noticed something about a lot of the recent additions : several of them are entire modules that import Control .
Concurrent .CHP .
That is , they are extensions that build upon the existing library without requiring any access to the internal details of the library , and without being used or exported by the core of the library .
This means that there is now a significant chunk of the library that I can safely break off and make its own library , titled chp-plus , that depends on the public interface of the chp library .
The Split
At first , I was resistant to the idea of splitting .
I think it is more appealing to new users to have everything in one library rather than split between two ; the latter suggests unwanted complexity .
However , it is perhaps nice to have a smaller core library to offer , with further capabilities set aside — this was something that came up when comparing CHP to CML .
The split delineates the core basic API ( channels , barriers , enrollment and parallel ) from the more sophisticated constructs that can sit on top of these ( connectable , behaviours , and so on ) .
The split also makes maintenance a little easier , by reducing the amount of functionality in the core library , and means that the core should develop slowly while the chp - plus package will likely develop more quickly .
It also allows me to trim down the set of dependencies of the core library ; CHP no longer depends on QuickCheck , for example ( chp - plus does instead ) .
I decided to go ahead and make the split .
I have taken the opportunity to remove the deprecated BroadcastChannels module , and the Utils module — the latter having been generalised and superseded by the Connect module .
I have bumped up the chp version number to 2.0.0 as part of the change , and have released chp-plus 1.0.0 ( as usual , all this is on hackage and can be installed using cabal ) .
I suspect that chp-plus will fast outpace chp ; aside from anything else , chp - plus can add new features without affecting chp , but any major changes to chp would probably require a chp-plus change too .
For users , there should be little change required .
Where previously you put “ chp ” in your build - depends field in cabal , you should now put “ chp == 2.* , chp- plus == 1 . * ” or similar .
You will need to transition from using the Utils module to Connect — most of the old operators are now encompassed in the new single < = > operator .
Put a comment below if have any troubles .
The Third Package
Alongside these two packages , I ’ve also split off a very small piece of functionality that has always been out of place in the CHP library .
The LoopWhileT monad transformer adds simple easy looping support on top of an existing monad .
You can place your whiles at the beginning of a block ( generally known as a while loop ) , at the end ( generally known as a do - while loop ) and anywhere in the middle , including multiple times ( generally known as do - while - do , and sadly lacking in almost all imperative languages ) .
Each time a while is reached , the test is made , and if it fails the loop is broken , otherwise execution continues around the loop .
This is all packaged up and documented in the loop - while package on Hackage if you ’re interested in it , and is totally stand - alone .
CHP now depends on it , mainly in order to provide a useful MonadCHP instance , but with cabal install this should n’t be a problem .
I do n’t expect loop - while to change much so you should only need to install it once and not worry about it .
Summary
CHP has now become two packages , chp - 2.0.0 and chp-plus - 1.0.0 , with a side release of loop - while - 1.0.0 .
I realise this will be slightly irksome for the existing users of the library to switch , but I hope that in the long run the split makes things easier for everyone .
Not much code has been changed , only the library organisation , so the main thing you will need to adjust is your build system — and any use of the Utils module .
I ’ve also fixed some problems involving GHC 6.12 , by using the deepseq library instead of parallel ( as , confusingly , I only needed deepseq in CHP — for the strict send commands ) because the release of parallel - 2.x confused things a bit .
This may cause problems if you are still using GHC 6.8 , but I think it may be time that I stopped worrying about supporting GHC 6.8 .
If you have any troubles installing on GHC 6.10 or 6.12 , just let me know .
Ozzy Osbourne 's Black Sabbath is credited with being one of the first heavy metal bands
Heavy metal fans are being urged to keep the faith - by lobbying for their love of rock to be recognised as a " religion " .
They are being asked to officially register their faith as " heavy metal " while filling in the next Census questionnaire .
In the last census , a similar campaign led to 390,000 UK residents listing their religion as Jedi - the fictional creed created for the Star Wars movie saga .
Rock magazine Metal Hammer launched its campaign last week and has already attracted nearly 10,000 followers to a Facebook group .
It has even gained the backing of a metal figurehead , Saxon frontman Biff Byford , whom the magazine says will become the proposed faith 's " world metal peace ambassador " if the campaign proves successful .
Metal can trace its roots back at least four decades , probably to the release of Black Sabbath 's debut album , although many have argued that Helter Skelter by The Beatles may well be among the earliest tracks .
Other acts who flew the flag for the denim and leather - clad metal community over the years and helped the scene to develop include Judas Priest , Saxon , Motorhead , Iron Maiden and Metallica .
Despite splintering into an array of niche genres , the heavy metal community still thrives .
Although the 2001 campaign drew a large level of support , with more people listing themselves as Jedis than Sikhs , the Office For National Statistics pointed out at the time that this did not make it an official religion .
In fact , Jedis were actually counted under the category of " no religion " .
However , that campaign was credited with boosting the number of responses from those in their late teens and 20s .
Alexander Milas , editor of Metal Hammer , said : " Like a lot of good ideas , this one came about in a pub and the response online has been overwhelming .
It only reinforces the belief that heavy metal remains strong in its UK birthplace and across the globe .
If the Jedi can do it , then we can too .
" The only requirement to join our campaign is that you listen to heavy metal , our commandment : everything louder than everyone else . "
PA
The extraction of usury is " one of the oldest professions of man . " ( Forrest M. Smith , III , The Regulation of Interest : Practice and Procedure , 10 ST .
MARY'S L. REV. 825 , 1979 ) .
First came the Temple Priests , then the Goldsmiths and the commercial bankers of today .
The first use of the fractional reserve system was in the Temple of Shamash under Hammurabi the sixth king of Babylon ( Peter Cook , FEDERAL RESERVE FRACTIONAL RESERVE AND INTEREST -FREE GOVERNMENT CREDIT EXPLAINED 4 , 1991 ) .
The ecclesiastical doctrine of interest was the greatest obstacle to modern banking .
It was primarily based upon 1 ) Aristotle 's condemnation of interest as an unnatural breeding of money by money , 2 ) Christ 's ( supposed ) condemnation of interest ( Luke 6:34 ) and the reaction of the Fathers of the Church against commercialism and usury in Rome .
( Will Durant , THE AGE OF FAITH 630 , 1950 ) .
The moral condemnation of this ancient practice has been summarized : " It comes as news to most people to learn that practically all important ethical teachers Moses , Aristotle , Jesus , Mohammed , and Saint Thomas Aquinas , for instance have denounced lending at interest as usury and as morally wrong " ( Lawrence Dennis , " The Squirrel Cage of Debt , " Saturday Review of Literature 661 , June 24 , 1933 ) .
Usury has been condemned since biblical times .
( George Braden , II THE CONSTITUTION OF THE STATE OF TEXAS : AN ANNOTATED AND COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS 729 , 1977 ) .
It was originally considered usurious to make any charge for the use of money .
Id .
Originally the word interest had the same essential meaning as usury .
Smith , III , p. 826 .
The word " usury " used to mean any interest .
It came to mean interest that exceeds the rate established by law ( Ken Warner , GIVE US A KING 120 - 121 , 1988 ) .
Interest comes from the Latin verb " intereo " meaning to be lost .
F.W. Maisel at 141 , The ancient Israelites called usury " a bite . "
It is like the slow poison of a serpent : " Usury does not all at once destroy a man or nation with , as it were , a bloody gulp .
Rather , it slowly , sometimes nearly imperceptibly , subverts the victim 's constitution until he cannot prevent the fatal consequences even though he knows what is coming . "
Mooney , p. 23 .
The practice of lending to an enemy was " as a means of destroying him " ( Jno. H. Kimmons , Usury : What Is It , and Does the Law of God Forbid It ? 163 , Undated ) .
The Old Testament " classes the usurer with the shedder of blood , the defiler of his neighbor 's wife , the oppressor of the poor , the spoiler by violence , the violator of the pledge , the idolater , and pronounces the woe upon them , that they who commit these iniquities shall surely die . "
Id. at 2 .
The usurer was put in the same category with extortioners , Sabbath - breakers , those who vex the fatherless and widows , dishonor parents and accept bribes ( Ezekiel 22 ) .
Id. at 17 .
The usurer was also classed with the liar , the unrighteous , the backbiter , the slanderer and perjurer , and denied the right to inherit the New Jerusalem ( Psalm 15 ) .
Id .
The usurer is further classed with the meanest and lowest of men and the vilest of criminals ( Ezekiel 18 ) .
Id .
Before the Babylonian captivity , Ezekiel denounced the practice of usury as a great evil and mentioned the practice of oppressing strangers as part of the great wickedness .
Id. at 9 .
Interest repayments on loans , even to resident strangers was forbidden in the year of Jubilee ( Leviticus 25:35 - 37 ) whereas in regular years it was permissible to charge interest to strangers ( Deuteronomy 23:19 - 20 ) .
Id. at 3 .
Zechariah forbade " the oppression of the stranger , classing it with oppression of the widow , the fatherless and the poor ... "
Id. at 9 . Malachi " enjoins regard for the stranger 's rights . "
Id .
Nehemiah , after the captivity , boldly denounced usury ( Nehemiah 5:9 - 11 ) , instituted a reform and had retribution made for all usurious holdings .
Id .
Those who can abide in the Tabernacle or dwell in the holy hill include ( Psalm 15:1 ) : " He that putteth not out his money to usury . "
Id. at 9 .
Solomon gave us the proverb , " the borrower is servant to the lender . "
Id. at 15 .
The New Testament embraces both Jew and Gentile .
Id. at 3 .
The New Testament continued the prohibition of usury : " In the fullness of time the Messiah came , and no part of the moral law was abrogated .
The prohibition of usury as to the Jew was extended , to include mankind , and the permit as to the stranger was declared inoperative and void .
The Jew was taught to sympathize with strangers remembering that they were once strangers in Egypt . "
Id. at 9 -10 .
Jesus taught ( Luke 6:34 - 35 ) " love ye your enemies , and do good and lend , hoping for nothing again . "
Id. at 10 .
Usury was the basis for Jesus 's calling the money changers thieves :
" The commerce of the world is conducted on principles as much at variance with the teachings of the master , as are the practices of a sneak thief or burglar .
So the Master taught , as with whip of cords , he indignantly drove its representatives , from the sacred precincts of the Temple , denouncing them as thieves .
Every well - informed mind knows that the money changers in the Temple , on that startling occasion , were at the very center of the Jewish Banking system , and of the pitiless and grinding commerce of Palestine . "
Id. at 19 .
In Jesus ' parable on the subject of usury ( Matthew 25:26 - 27 ; Luke 19:22 - 23 ) " only the hard , austere man , one whose conscience will not interfere with his reaping where he has not sown , and taking up where he has not laid down , would extract usury , for he makes the lord of the parable tell the servant of it :
You say I am a hard and austere man , then why did you not act accordingly , and earn me my usury as my nature demanded ? "
Id. at 3 .
Assuming there is a stranger exception , " where is the authority for the practice of usury on our brethren ? "
Id. at 3 .
The taking of interest is " subversive of the principles of a sound state policy , contrary to good morals , and opposed to the teaching of God 's Word . "
Id. at 10 .
The meaning of " usury " has been changed " to mean exhorbitant interest .
The Apostle Peter publicly told his vision : " And in another lake , full or pitch and blood and more bubbling up , there stood men and women on their knees : and these were usurers and those who had taken interest .
. . "
Antinicene Fathers , Vol. IX , p. 146 .
The Apostle Paul , in telling his vision , said : " And I saw another multitude of men and women , and worms consumed them .
But I lamented and sighing asked the angel and said , ' Who are these ? '
And he said to me :
These are those who exacted interest ON interest , and trusted in their riches and did not hope in God that He was their helper . "
Antinicene Fathers , Vol. IX , p. 160 .
A long - existing and self - perpetuating tax - immune internationalist - transnationalist group uses fronts with inter-locking corporate and or fraternal group of individuals , whose membership is either secret or semi-secret , with undisclosed ownership shares , has usurped the sovereignty of borrowing national governments ( who serve their lenders ) .
It includes largely unrevealed yet reported campaign contributors who also control the media and press , all major political parties , and dictates presidential appointments .
It abhors the direct issuance of money by elected officials and through the creation of a system of privately - owned and controlled central banks , holds all of the world 's gold and all loan and mortgage paperwork .
Its business is conducted in secret meetings which determine the future of all national economies and the timing of expansion ( through loans ) or contraction ( through no loans ) .
It exercises an exclusive monopoly of the issuance of money created out of thin air and issued solely as debt , does not create money to repay the interest , and lives off perpetual national debts that consume future income and under international law cannot be repudiated even by an internal political revolution .
At least for others , it tends to be pro-bureaucracy , pro-abortion / population control , pro-government education , anti-family , anti-nationalist , anti-inheritance , anti-private property and anti-Jesus Christ .
This group can demand special privileges and even military force to collect " national " debts .
It plans to soon accomplish global disarmament ( of both civilians and nations ) and have a monopoly on force ( including nuclear weapons ) .
It has the privilege of a guaranteed untaxable income enforced by liens on all public and personal property and collected by the coercive force of the taxing structure of the various governments .
The basis for its continued existence is continued usury and unforgiving collection of all debts resulting from committing the highest crime of usury .
' The Lie , ' Usury , and Spiritual Discernment
.../ Back to Contents
http://www.biblebelievers.org.au/
PARIS — A Swiss court said Friday that the country ’s financial regulator had broken the law when it ordered UBS to hand over data on nearly 300 clients suspected of evading taxes to U.S. authorities a year ago .
The Federal Administrative Court in Bern said that the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority , known as Finma , had gone beyond its mandate .
The regulator argued that its actions last February were justified by laws allowing it to take unspecified preventive measures if banks were threatened with insolvency .
But in a 60 - page ruling , the judges said the government and the parliament are the only institutions with the authority to implement state of emergency laws .
The agency said it has not decided if it will appeal the ruling to the Swiss Supreme Court .
While it is far too late to halt the transmission of certain clients ’ data , it could influence the course of future cases , as Switzerland remains embroiled in disputes around tax evasion , namely with France .
There are critical points in troubled relationships where things will get better , stay the same , or spiral into a break up .
How you interact with your partner during stressful times will ultimately determine whether or not they will stick around .
Although there are many reasons why two lovers can become disconnected , some of the most common are financial concerns , stress at work or school , lack of affection , and competition .
If you do n't handle these problems from the beginning then they will slowly tear you away from your partner .
Here are some guidelines for stopping a break up before it happens .
Always Stay Positive
Have you ever heard the saying that tough times bring people closer together ?
Well it is true , and the reason why is because trust is built through experience .
If your lover is going through a hard time in life you may be the only one they can communicate with .
Sadly though , some people are so overwhelmed with stress they let anger or detachment control their emotions .
If this is the case with your partner then it wo n't help you to fight back against this behavior .
What you need to do is become the positive force in their life .
Try to understand their perspective and help them to see their problems in a different light .
If you can become the “ bright spot ” in their world you will gain their trust and win their heart .
Take the Initiative
All too often people try to distance themselves from relationship troubles .
They pretend that everything is okay , or they keep quiet and hope that things will magically get better .
The longer problems linger without being addressed the more damage they cause .
In some cases , the animosity gets becomes so high that couples forget exactly what they were fighting about .
It is up to you to help your partner see beyond their state of despair .
This is not always easy and your efforts might be rejected at first .
However , if you want to save your relationship then you cannot let them use you as an outlet for negative energy .
It is okay to give them a day or too to vent their frustrations , but any more than that and you are at risk for more serious problems down the road .
Tell your lover that you are here for them no matter what .
Even if they push you away you must continue to show your support .
Again , it is not always easy but you have to be proactive and make it your responsibility to get them on the right track .
Change is Good
It is easy to fall into the same pattern of daily activities when you become comfortable around someone .
Long term relationships almost always experience this at some point .
Friday night at the movies , dinners out on Saturday night , shopping on Sundays … whatever it is you do as a couple likely follows a predictable pattern .
While these might represent your favorite activities , doing the same thing over and over creates boredom in a relationship .
Think about what you can do to spice up your social life .
Visit with friends you have n't seen in a while , go to a concert , or take a weekend trip .
Whatever you chose make sure it gives you plenty of opportunity to interact with your lover .
Our daily life can be too hectic to allow enough time to really listen to our partners .
Get away from the daily distractions and learn something new about each other .
Remember that creating mystery and anticipation is very effective for enhancing romance .
It is not uncommon for any relationship to teeter on the edge of a break up .
There are so many factors that create stress in our lives that it is hard to keep emotions from affecting our relationships .
At some point the pressure becomes too much to bear and that is when break ups can occur .
But you can stop a break up before it happens .
Recognizing that your relationship is in trouble and taking action is essential .
While it might be easier to sit on the sidelines and hope things get better , those who fight for their love have a much better chance of turning things around .
Scott Nichol concedes that his nose remains sore after getting a stick facial wicked enough to require a few stitches last week .
He ’s not certain if it ’s broken because it was n’t X - rayed .
After all , he said , what could they do about that anyway ?
But because he stands at everybody else ’s elbow level , the 5 - foot - 9 Nichol added , his nose keeps getting popped .
“ I guess it ’s one of the job hazards , ” Nichol said with a shrug .
He would n’t have it any other way .
Nichol , a crash test dummy on skates , has become a Shark Tank fan favorite for the way he throws his 180 - pound body around — and at opponents — with reckless abandon .
While Nichol averages a modest 13:10 of ice time a game , the veteran center makes the most of those minutes by dishing out , and receiving , one entertaining hit after another .
He plays bigger than his actual size .
“ This is how I made it to the NHL , ” said Nichol , 35 , of his full - bore style .
“ You lay your body on the line . ”
And on the ice , and into the boards and “ … well , you get the idea .
“ When I had to play against him , you always had to make sure where he was , ” Sharks captain Rob Blake said .
“ You had to know because he would be coming at you as soon as you touched the puck .
That ’s the effect he can have on you .
Every team has to account for him , and that ’s what makes you appreciate him now that he ’s on our side . ”
Nichol has earned admiration inside the Sharks room for the sort of mayhem he participated in a week ago .
He traded knuckles with Anaheim ’s Kyle Chipchura — despite giving up six inches and several pounds — and then a few games later put his face in front of an opponent ’s stick against Phoenix when he dropped to the ice to clear a puck .
Afterward , he provided what thus far is the Sharks ’ quote of the season : “ I ’ll take a broken nose for getting the puck out of the zone . ”
Dany Heatley may have been the marquee offseason acquisition and perhaps the player who ends up determining how far the Sharks go in the playoffs .
But it ’s a testament to how much the Sharks valued Nichol that they reached out to him July 1 , which was the first day teams could contact free agents .
“ We wanted to change the dynamic of our third and fourth lines with abrasive players , and Scotty fit that role , ” Sharks coach Todd McLellan said .
“ He ’s not big , but every last ounce of him is used , night in and night out . ”
Nichol ’s signing was intended to act as a sort of defibrillator and help jolt the Sharks ’ heart — which had been diagnosed as weak after a painful series of playoff disappointments .
“ I play with a lot of jam and energy , ” Nichol said .
“ This is my first year here , so I ca n’t say this for sure , but maybe it ’s not something that they ’ve been used to .
I just try to be a guy who can change the momentum . ”
There ’s a reason the Alberta native plays so hard every shift .
It took him years to crack an NHL lineup .
An 11th - round draft pick in 1993 , he spent seven seasons in the minors .
He was with Rochester of the AHL so long ( six years ) that he was made captain .
“ It ’s a kiss of death , ” Nichol said .
“ That means you ’ve been there for a while .
But you do n’t want to be in the minors . ”
He only had a couple of cups of coffee with the Buffalo Sabres by 2001 , and he was in danger of becoming a hockey version of career farmhand Crash Davis .
But that year he was the final player to make the Calgary Flames roster .
Since then , Nichol has treated each game like he ’s in mortal fear of being sent back down — playing with Calgary , Chicago and Nashville before arriving in San Jose .
Nichol ’s numbers are n’t gaudy with one goal , six assists and 47 penalty minutes .
But he ’s more than just a scrappy presence .
He ’s a key member of the Sharks ’ penalty - killing unit , which is rated No. 3 in the NHL .
He ’s also stellar on faceoffs , winning 60.6 percent of his draws , good for third in the league .
His checks draw the most attention , although sometimes to Nichol ’s detriment .
He twice has been suspended for blindside hits .
He also taken his lumps with two concussions , including one that kept him out of 38 games last season .
“ I do get under people ’s skin , ” he said .
“ Sometimes I do cross the line , but I would never go out there and try to hurt someone .
I play with emotion , and sometimes it gets the best of me . ”
If he does bite off more than he can chew against bigger opponents , Nichol added , teammates will jump in to bail him out of trouble .
But , he added , “ If you break your nose or get a knot on your head , hey , that ’s happens . ”
At least the way he plays .
Contact Mark Emmons at 408-920-5745 .
A drug approved to treat cancer and used to de-worm animals is being added to the nation 's cocaine supply .
Nobody -- at least no public health official -- seems to know why .
The drug , levamisole , can cause a serious weakening of the immune system called agranulocytosis .
Twenty - one cases , including one death , were linked to the use of cocaine in four U.S. states between March , 2008 and November , 2009 .
Here 's the paper published this week in the CDC's Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report .
The paper says many more cases likely ...
We 've mentioned the arbitrary nature of the megapixel war before , but only in general analogies .
Ross at the Petravoxel blog gets precise , and provides proof , on why going over 7 megapixels in a point - and - shoot makes absolutely no sense .
Advertisement
To try and sum up Ross ' reasoned and technical argument against camera companies shoving more and more megapixels down the buying public 's throats , it 's about what happens when you make pixels teensy - weensy in an effort to cram a ( nominal ) 12 million of them into one exposure .
When light is captured in pixels at microscopic sizes , it 's focused not in a sharp pinpoint of clarity , but a fuzzy bulls - eye pattern , named the " Airy disk " and showing up all over your photo .
Advertisement
Camera manufacturers are n't blind to this , but their efforts to fix it , in models such as the Olympus FE - 26 , often backfire :
The FE - 26 is a " 12 megapixel " model ( actually it 's more like 11.8 Mp ) using a 1/2.33 ″ sensor .
This means each pixel is about 1.5 microns wide .
When pixels are that small , the random difference in photon counts between adjacent pixels can add quite a bit of noise to the image .
To solve this , the camera 's processor chip applies a noise - suppressing algorithm , which unfortunately smears out all the fine detail and texture in the scene .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Read Ross ' post , and its backlinks , for a more mathematical and photo - minded take on " The Great Megapixel Swindle , " and walk away with the knowledge that , though your 4 - year - old digital camera may seem outdated , trading up may actually hurt your ability to capture crisp images .
The Great Megapixel Swindle : An Example [ Petavoxel via Consumerist ]
Armed Self Defense
Crime Does Not Pay ... " Ego Tutaminis "
All of those in favor of gun control , raise both hands
transhumanists at h+ vs. a skeptical biologist
A biologist tried to give a neuroscience lesson to the utopian futurists at H+ and they did not take it well .
H+ Magazine tends to be very enthusiastic about the Technological Singularity espoused by Ray Kurzweil and transhumanists who like his ideas , so it caught my eye to find an article rather critical of some proposals by a number of Singularitarians published alongside the usual futuristic optimism .
And no wonder .
Its author is biologist Athena Andreadis who studies gene regulation and writes science fiction and pop sci posts across the web .
Her biggest problem ?
The sheer disregard many Singularitarians have for the biology involved in our brains and the fact that body and mind are a package deal .
You do n’t have one without the other and the ideas of uploading minds to a computer while tossing the bodies into a waste disposal unit simply does n’t work .
In other words , you can replace parts of your body until you ’re mostly machine , but your brain is there for good .
By this point , the article is a few months old .
Having found it soon after it was published , I saved it alongside my bookmarks with post ideas but managed to lose sight of it until now .
Nevertheless , this is an article that ’s just as valid today as it was in mid-October and there are even more things to talk about after some of the big online promoters of the Singularity made their marks in the comment section , including Jake Cannell , who ’s made an appearance on this blog as well to argue the exact same proposition he argued at H+ a few weeks before .
He seems to be a pretty driven man .
And why not ?
To be able to discard your body in favor of anything your heart desires is an awesome proposition .
It would be like having a real life avatar you could style after a cartoon character , give yourself the kind of body that would turn a bodybuilder green with envy without a single trip to the gym , or experiment with the looks of a gorgeous porn star .
The possibilities are only limited by what shell bodies are in stock .
To believe that something like this is possible in our lifetime is definitely hard to let go .
Sadly for transhumanists though , the reality of the matter is far more complex than that .
But why let science spoil the fun when one can snarl at scientists for being wet blankets with no appreciation for the wise and powerful beings of the future who can surely figure out how to do the impossible , according to a number of commenters on the article .
As one of them says in his complaint …
This whole discussion is ludicrous , like cavemen discussing the future possibilities of the human race , envisioned entirely in terms of whether stone weapons can solve the cave - bear problem .
We have literally no idea whatsoever what the lives of our descendants will be like in 10,000 years — not what their problems will be , nor what their capabilities will be .
There ’s a point here .
We really do n’t know what life will be like ten millennia from now .
Our descendants could be exploring the galaxy , or have managed to fulfill Einstein ’s dire exercise in prediction and be fighting World War 4 with sticks and stones .
But to say that such a fundamental thing like the limitations of our bodies might not be an issue in the future and the biological barriers to such things as mind uploading will disappear , is an exercise in boundless futuristic optimism which has a very mixed track record when it comes to making our dreams come true .
I ’ve pointed out before why mind uploading would n’t work and reiterated those reasons in my debate with the Singularity Institute ’s Michael Vassar .
Computers do not work like human brains .
That ’s not how they were designed .
Rebuilding them to simulate biological forms would mean taking the current and long proven von Neumann architecture , throwing it out the window , and starting from scratch .
There are some efforts to give computers a capability similar to thought via brain modeling projects but these experiments are more hype than anything else at this point and even if they turn out to be successful , the end product would have little to no practical use .
However , instead of trying to be more like machines , we can do what ’s already being done in medical and computer science labs across the world and make computers work with us .
We already know how to make thought controlled computers , how to build robotic limbs that function as if they were our arms and legs , and even how to turn thoughts into synthesized speech .
Becoming part machine is how we could extend our lifespans , replacing organs that wear out for synthetic substitutes which can be repaired , along with the biological modifications suggested by Dr. Andreadis .
Of course there ’s a limit to how much we can replace .
Touch any of our vital organs like the heart , liver or lungs , and you risk killing the brain .
Mess with the circulatory system too much and you ’ll risk stroke and starving the brain of oxygen .
Ultimately , we do n’t know what the future will bring .
Still , to task our descendants to make us into immortal bits of software and replying to very valid and pertinent scientific and engineering objections by saying that a future society will surely solve whatever scientific hurdles we face in making it happen , is just another way of pointing to the sky and saying that someone , somewhere will answer your prayers and build the magical technologies so we can transcend being human .
But that ’s not going to happen .
We evolved as humans and this is exactly what we ’ll be , no matter how many machine parts we add to our bodies or how far away from Earth we venture in the distant future .
And our messy organic brains will always be with us .
check help page for viewing com - pyuu - tah.swf in full screen
Check this help
Sir Onkel Ed : HAHAHAHA Total Fucking Pronage !
( January 2 , 2009 , 6:02 pm )
ghgvh : yiff yiff yiff banana ( January 2 , 2009 , 6:12 pm )
Raute#imbaÂ² : That beats me ._ : ( January 2 , 2009 , 6:34 pm )
Hideki : computer , yiff yiff yiff yiff yiff xDDD ( January 2 , 2009 , 9:31 pm )
sdfs : reminds me of drawn together ( January 2 , 2009 , 11:07 pm )
jhfd : Quality is TERRIBLE , the flash is weird and retarded .
Could be fun if ure on drugs or something ... ( January 3 , 2009 , 2:03 am )
anon : GODDAMMIT IT'S " YIP YIP YIP YIP " NOT " YIFF YIFF YIFF YIFF " FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
( January 3 , 2009 , 5:43 am )
: Cun -pyoo - tor cunpyootor cunpyootorcunpyootorcunpyootor yipp yip yipyipyip .
( January 3 , 2009 , 8:43 am )
Hideki : # 7 : I know , and ?
the bad quality makes it sound like yiff xD ( January 3 , 2009 , 5:38 pm )
anon : no it does n't .
u must be deaf .
( January 3 , 2009 , 7:08 pm )
Ololo : agree to # 6 this shit is retarded .
( January 3 , 2009 , 10:09 pm )
Magmeronic : im on drugs and it is pretty amusing ( January 3 , 2009 , 11:52 pm )
fgdf : Average blaa-user .
( January 4 , 2009 , 10:27 am )
Concerned Citizen :
This is what MMO noobs are like in real life .
I saw this on the Discovery channel .
( January 8 , 2009 , 2:18 am )
. : this is how warlock players are like .
push batton yepyepyepyep ( January 8 , 2009 , 2:13 pm )
fdadfasfdsdf : oooohh ..! jeep ... jep jepjepjepjepjep .... awesome , someones gotta make a " da hood " - coming from computah video of this ( January 15 , 2009 , 2:32 pm )
...: Goddamnit , flashbacks
Those things used to scare the crap outta me when I was a kid .
( February 1 , 2009 , 11:44 pm )
KennEH ! : I loved these guys as a kid , almost forgot about them .
( September 26 , 2009 , 7:33 pm )
Inga : # 13 agree 'd ( December 8 , 2009 , 11:45 pm )
Bleh :
God it 's like watching your grandparents trying to use their comp .
( December 26 , 2009 , 6:32 am )
DESSSSSUUUUUU : Kyle 's mom at the end there ?
( January 13 , 2010 , 10:09 am )
Anovascular : The desktop and keyboard are from Gateway 2000 .
Ah , the nostalgia .
( February 8 , 2010 , 9:27 am )
Anon :
This could be exploited .
( February 21 , 2010 , 10:11 pm )
Chris :
Those guys are creepy as blaa .
I think I 'm glad the 80s are behind us .
( March 4 , 2010 , 11:18 pm )
DrSNAFU : Ahh the good ole BananOS .
And for anyone who did n't know , this is classic Sesame Street .
( January 27 , 2012 , 8:13 am )
All comments can be found from here : Comments for com-pyuu - tah.swf
( humor )
Navigation : Dagobah Flash Gallery
Tags for com-pyuu - tah.swf : humor
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - A new study provides further evidence that the measles - mumps - rubella vaccine is not associated with an increased risk of autism .
An autistic child looks from behind his hand during a therapy session at the Stars and Rain School for autistic children in Beijing March 23 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jason Lee
Concerns that the MMR shot could cause autism were first raised a decade ago by British physician Andrew Wakefield , who , based on a study of 12 children , proposed that there was a link between the vaccine and bowel disease and autism .
That research has since been widely discredited , and numerous international studies have failed to find a connection between MMR vaccination and autism .
This latest study included 96 Polish children ages 2 to 15 who had been diagnosed with autism .
Researchers compared each child with two healthy children the same age and sex who had been treated by the same doctor .
Some of the children had received the MMR vaccine , while others had not been vaccinated at all or had received a vaccine against measles only .
Poland has been slower to introduce the MMR than other European countries , but over the past decade , the vaccine has slowly been replacing the measles - only shot .
Overall , the study found , children who had received the MMR vaccine actually had a lower risk of autism than their unvaccinated peers .
Nor was there any evidence of an increased autism risk with the measles - only vaccine .
“ Parents should be convinced about the safety of MMR vaccine , ” lead researcher Dr. Dorota Mrozek - Budzyn , of Jagiellonian University in Krakow , wrote in an email to Reuters Health .
She noted that the infectious diseases the MMR shot prevents can sometimes have serious complications .
Measles , for instance , can lead to pneumonia or brain inflammation , and one or two children die out of every 1,000 who contract the virus , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Mumps can cause painful testicular swelling , brain inflammation and , in rare cases , hearing loss .
Most of the children in the current study had received either the MMR or measles vaccine , according to a report in the Pediatric Infectious Disease Journal .
Of the 96 children with autism , 8 had received no vaccine against measles , while about 41 percent had received the MMR shot and half had received the measles - only vaccine .
Among the healthy children , 55 percent had gotten the MMR shot , while 45 percent had received the measles vaccine ; only one child remained unvaccinated .
When the researchers looked only at children who had been vaccinated before their autism diagnosis , they found that children who had received the MMR vaccine had an 83 percent lower risk of autism than unvaccinated children .
Similarly , the measles - only vaccine was associated with a 56 percent lower risk .
When the researchers looked at children who had been vaccinated before showing any symptoms of autism , MMR vaccination was again linked to a lower risk of the disorder .
The measles - only vaccine showed no effect on autism risk .
The study does not answer the question of why vaccinated children had a lower autism risk .
But one possibility , according to Mrozek - Budzyn , is that some children started showing potential signs of autism , or possibly other health problems , before receiving the MMR or measles vaccine .
Doctors or parents may then have avoided vaccination .
SOURCE : Pediatric Infectious Disease Journal , May 2010 .
Adventures in Engineering
The wanderings of a modern ronin .
I 'm expecting to get flamed by fanboys of this game for not being rabidly in love with it .
People often seem to have a hard time separating " this is my opinion " from " this is the absolute truth " - even when such is explicitly stated .
Well , FWIW : nothing in this review is absolute truth ; this is only my opinion .
Arkham Asylum is a fun game .
And it has fantastic production values .
And it kept me up until 5:30 am on three different nights .
And yet ...
I find myself not liking it as much as I should .
Oh , it 's not that I * dislike * this game .
But I feel like I ought to be a rabid fanboy about this game , and yet I 'm not .
Why is that ?
Well , let me tell you some of the reasons - that should make this review a bit more interesting .
I mean , if you want to know all the great things about Arkham Asylum , you can read any of the ten thousand reviews by rabid fanboys who love it to death .
But if you want to know what someone thought the game 's flaws were ?
That 's going to be a little harder to find ...
My one - sentence summary is that Arkham Asylum is a super - model .
Amazingly gorgeous , huge amounts of money dumped into every visual aspect of it ... but the more you get to know it , the more you find that there 's not a lot of depth underneath the pretty .
I think what it comes down to is probably two things :
1 ) Too much re-use of the same gameplay - enemies , levels , game mechanics , gadgets .
2 ) I do n't have an HD TV .
# 2 is probably easier to explain , so I 'll tackle that one first .
More and more games are being made with HD TV in mind .
The easiest way to tell if this is true for any particular game is to play it on a standard - def TV and see if in - game text is tiny , blurry and mostly unreadable .
Arkham Asylum mostly avoids this pitfall by not having much text .
About the only text you really need to read is the Riddler Puzzle text that appears at the top of the screen .
I have a mid-range SD TV , and that text is damn close to unreadable - even when you press your nose right up against the glass .
But more generally , the lack of HD hurts this game badly because so much effort was put into the visual aspects .
It 's like a nerd with bad eyesight looking at a super - model without his glasses .
I mean sure , you can tell she 's pretty ... but how much prettier is she really ?
I can tell that the 3D models for all the thugs you 're constantly fighting , and all the bosses , were extremely well done .
But playing on an SD TV , you 'll never see it .
It all gets blurred out like bad water - colors .
The over - the - shoulder and high - up camera angle does n't help in this regard , either .
The camera is too far away from things to get a good look at them .
But , oh well , you wo n't notice all this graphical goodness anyway ... because you 'll spend the whole game in Detective Mode !
Detective Mode is Batman 's x-ray vision .
You can see people through walls as brightly - colored skeletons , and interactive objects ( like doors and vents ) are highlighted in red -orange .
Pretty much everything else ( including all that gorgeous , unbelievably pretty level design and all the excellent character models ) are damped down to practically nothing .
Just a dull , dark midnight blue .
The game encourages you to stay in detective mode all the time for several reasons .
The first is that it allows you to instantly spot enemies that are either far away or hidden behind walls .
The second is the afore - mentioned ability to easily spot non-obvious exits like vents .
Detective Mode is also required to follow chemical trails or fingerprints when you 're tracking someone - a game mechanic that gets badly overused .
Near the end of the game , I started forcing myself to turn Detective off , just so I could see the levels normally for once .
Then I went around a corner and stumbled right into the laps of three thugs with machine guns , and got killed .
It was detective mode all the time after that .
Lastly , some of the Riddler Puzzles require you to be in detective mode just to see them .
Since we 're on the subject , let me talk about the puzzles .
I felt like they really did n't add much to the game .
There are three forms of Riddler Puzzle : question mark trophies scattered around the levels ( usually in hard to reach places ) , " take a picture of object described by this clue " puzzles , and " spot the question mark drawn with invisible ink " .
The latter being the one you need detective mode for .
Of the three , the only one I actually liked was the last .
Those were interesting because they 'd break up the question mark into multiple pieces , then paint each piece on a separate object , all done in such a way that you 'd have to go to a certain place in the level for all the pieces to line up .
Pretty much aping those
Also , the reward for solving these puzzles was pretty flimsy .
Some " interview tapes " with the various characters being analyzed by shrinks .
I think out of maybe 20 or 25 of these , one was worth listening to .
I did rather like the " Chronicles of Arkham " , which are these stone tablets you scan rather like the " take a picture " Riddler puzzles .
However I had a big " huh ? ? " moment when I scanned the last one .
Maybe it 's just me , but , uh ... that shit just do n't make no sense !!
Whatever .
Suffice it to say I did n't feel like these added any real replay value .
I think just before I went into the last battle , I had something like 336/340 Riddler Puzzles solved .
And I really did n't think about them that hard .
The only ones that taxed me at all were the sewer question mark , the Tweedledum / Tweedldee one , and the question mark on the arch capstone ( which had a " clue " that gave you no actual clue about its location ) .
Other than walking around in detective mode looking for Riddler Puzzles , you 'll spend most of the rest of your time beating up thugs .
I have to give them credit here , they made a good combat system .
It 's extremely fluid and intuitive .
The problem is that , like most of the good things in this game , the fighting system itself gets ( if you 'll pardon the phrasing ) beaten to death .
For maybe the first half of the game , you fight the exact same clown - thug over and over again .
Oh , sure , sometimes it 's three at a time , sometimes even six .
And sometimes the thug has had his texture map tweaked slightly so he 's black instead of white .
But these fights all go down the same way .
You keep hitting the attack button until you see someone about to hit you ( nicely indicated by little wavy lines above their head ) , then you hit the " counter " button to counter their attack .
Then back to mindlessly wanking on the attack button .
They do try and mix it up later on , by introducing a new thug who has knives , and you have to hit a different button to disarm him before you can attack him .
( Why he knows how to block your attacks when none of the other thugs ever do is a mystery to me . )
And there 's eventually a third thug who carries a cattle prod and you have to jump over him and attack from behind .
But it 's all so repetitious and dull .
The throw and combo upgrades you can buy barely make any difference , and the knockout move takes so long that you 're sure to get walloped by two other thugs while you 're trying to knock the first one out .
The sub - bosses suffer from similar problems .
By the time you 've fought your 5th mutated henchman who has the exact same attack pattern as the previous 4 , you 'll be asking yourself how Joker could be so dumb as to keep throwing these idiots at you , when they do n't even slow you down .
I think they also tried to spice things up by changing the arena you do these sub -boss battles in , but unfortunately the only " change " they could think of was : " Make the room smaller - that 'll make the action more intense ! ! "
The absurd extreme is the battle in the elevator room in the caves , where you 're fighting about 15 thugs and one giant mutated thug sub-boss simultaneously .
I elected simply to run around the perimeter of the room in circles for ten minutes , letting the mutated thug 's constantly missed swipes at me kill the little thugs .
Then I took him down easily .
Okay , okay , one time they do put you in an arena with an electric floor and you have to avoid getting zapped .
But they basically even repeat THAT arena a second time , during the Titan Ivy battle !
What I would n't have given for one original fight ... even the two stealth levels feel like total repeats of each other .
The gadgets .
Batman is famous for great gadgets .
The gadgets in this game are decent , but like everything else they 're just beaten to death .
You get a batarang , of course .
And 18 different variations that you can buy as upgrades .
Of which I found only the multi-batarang actually useful , the rest were total wastes .
The batclaw was a nice idea , but they could n't just let it stand on its own - they had to make a STUP0 RZ - BATCL4W !!!!1 !!
that you can't get until very late in the game .
And then made a bunch of puzzles all over the place that you can't get until you have the super - batclaw , thus forcing you to go back over all the levels for a 17th time once you get it .
At least you wo n't forget where they are , since you 've seen them all 16 times that you 've been through the level before , because you 're running around with Detective Mode constantly on .
The spray - on , remote - detonate explosive was a good idea ; I give them props for that .
The line gun or whatever it 's called is such a cop-out .
I 'm trying to think of a single time I used it where the grapple you have at the start of the game would n't have worked just as well .
It basically felt like the developers said , " We need one more gadget to complete the compliment of 8 .
What do we do ? " " Ummm ... make a HORIZONTAL grapple , instead of the normal VERTICAL one . "
" Brilliant ! ! "
It 's like they were ripping off their own previous idea of ripping off the bat - claw .
The line gun is TEH STUP0R - GRAPPLE , LAWL !!!!1 !!!
The security box hacker gadget was useful , and its upgrades were good , so I give them full credit for that one .
Fights , gadgets , puzzles ... what am I missing ?
Level design .
The level designs kick total ass !
I loved grappling all over the levels .
Fantastic stuff .
You also have constant access to your cape - glide , allowing you to grapple up to high places and then glide down - including glide - kicking thugs .
Fucking great ; I loved every second of it .
The levels are moody , detailed , excellently textured , nicely lit and generally the best thing about the game .
Sucks that you wo n't see nearly as much of them as you should , because of constant detective mode . :P
Like everything else , they beat the levels to death .
I think even a very minimalist run-through of the game would require going through all of them twice , except for maybe one .
The one exception is the Scarecrow levels , which will be old hat by the time you 're done with the second one .
Oh , they 're very visually pretty , but not much fun ... a pretty big contrast to the rest of the levels , which I had huge amounts of fun with .
I kinda found myself wishing for more of a sandbox type world .
All those tall mountains between the different part of the island looked like an awfully cool playground for the grapple .
They probably could n't do that due to technical limitations - mostly memory I 'm guessing .
That said , the size of the levels is just about perfect .
They 're just big enough that I can't quite remember everything about them , and so it forced me to explore a bit .
I credit this factor more than anything else as to why I found the game so immersive .
The levels sucked me in and I had a great time just getting around .
They took a necessity ( moving from place to place ) and made it fun .
Character design ?
Like all the other visual aspects of the game , these are excellent .
Totally wasted on a standard - def TV , but excellent never the less .
When you die , you can see every little green - painted hair on Joker 's head as he mocks you .
Love the new sexy Harley design .
Croc was n't bad , but they built him up so much for the entire game that when you do n't actually get to fight him , it 's a big disappointment .
That 's what they get for thinking about the sequel instead of thinking about the current game . :P
So , hopefully I have some fanboy blood boiling by now , pointing out these things that I did n't personally like about the game .
I want to stress again that I do n't dislike this game as a whole .
Not at all .
It 's a great game overall , and I definitely recommend it .
In fact , I think it was the fact that the game was so good that made the few flaws it does have stand out more .
Thoughts ?
I 'm expecting to get flamed by fanboys of this game for not being rabidly in love with it .
People often seem to have a hard time separating " this is my opinion " from " this is the absolute truth " - even when such is explicitly stated .
Well , FWIW : nothing in this review is absolute truth ; this is only my opinion .
Arkham Asylum is a fun game .
And it has fantastic production values .
And it kept me up until 5:30 am on three different nights .
And yet ...
I find myself not liking it as much as I should .
Oh , it 's not that I * dislike * this game .
But I feel like I ought to be a rabid fanboy about this game , and yet I 'm not .
Why is that ?
Well , let me tell you some of the reasons - that should make this review a bit more interesting .
I mean , if you want to know all the great things about Arkham Asylum , you can read any of the ten thousand reviews by rabid fanboys who love it to death .
But if you want to know what someone thought the game 's flaws were ?
That 's going to be a little harder to find ... My one - sentence summary is that Arkham Asylum is a super - model .
Amazingly gorgeous , huge amounts of money dumped into every visual aspect of it ... but the more you get to know it , the more you find that there 's not a lot of depth underneath the pretty .
I think what it comes down to is probably two things :
1) Too much re-use of the same gameplay - enemies , levels , game mechanics , gadgets .
2 ) I do n't have an HD TV .
# 2 is probably easier to explain , so I 'll tackle that one first .
More and more games are being made with HD TV in mind .
The easiest way to tell if this is true for any particular game is to play it on a standard - def TV and see if in - game text is tiny , blurry and mostly unreadable .
Arkham Asylum mostly avoids this pitfall by not having much text .
About the only text you really need to read is the Riddler Puzzle text that appears at the top of the screen .
I have a mid-range SD TV , and that text is damn close to unreadable - even when you press your nose right up against the glass .
But more generally , the lack of HD hurts this game badly because so much effort was put into the visual aspects .
It 's like a nerd with bad eyesight looking at a super - model without his glasses .
I mean sure , you can tell she 's pretty ... but how much prettier is she really ?
I can tell that the 3D models for all the thugs you 're constantly fighting , and all the bosses , were extremely well done .
But playing on an SD TV , you 'll never see it .
It all gets blurred out like bad water - colors .
The over - the - shoulder and high - up camera angle does n't help in this regard , either .
The camera is too far away from things to get a good look at them .
But , oh well , you wo n't notice all this graphical goodness anyway ... because you 'll spend the whole game in Detective Mode !
Detective Mode is Batman 's x-ray vision .
You can see people through walls as brightly - colored skeletons , and interactive objects ( like doors and vents ) are highlighted in red -orange .
Pretty much everything else ( including all that gorgeous , unbelievably pretty level design and all the excellent character models ) are damped down to practically nothing .
Just a dull , dark midnight blue .
The game encourages you to stay in detective mode all the time for several reasons .
The first is that it allows you to instantly spot enemies that are either far away or hidden behind walls .
The second is the afore - mentioned ability to easily spot non-obvious exits like vents .
Detective Mode is also required to follow chemical trails or fingerprints when you 're tracking someone - a game mechanic that gets badly overused .
Near the end of the game , I started forcing myself to turn Detective off , just so I could see the levels normally for once .
Then I went around a corner and stumbled right into the laps of three thugs with machine guns , and got killed .
It was detective mode all the time after that .
Lastly , some of the Riddler Puzzles require you to be in detective mode just to see them .
Since we 're on the subject , let me talk about the puzzles .
I felt like they really did n't add much to the game .
There are three forms of Riddler Puzzle : question mark trophies scattered around the levels ( usually in hard to reach places ) , " take a picture of object described by this clue " puzzles , and " spot the question mark drawn with invisible ink " .
The latter being the one you need detective mode for .
Of the three , the only one I actually liked was the last .
Those were interesting because they 'd break up the question mark into multiple pieces , then paint each piece on a separate object , all done in such a way that you 'd have to go to a certain place in the level for all the pieces to line up .
Pretty much aping those cool 3D perspective illusions you may have seen .
But , again , you have to be in detective mode constantly to find these .
Also , the reward for solving these puzzles was pretty flimsy .
Some " interview tapes " with the various characters being analyzed by shrinks .
I think out of maybe 20 or 25 of these , one was worth listening to .
I did rather like the " Chronicles of Arkham " , which are these stone tablets you scan rather like the " take a picture " Riddler puzzles .
However I had a big " huh ? ? " moment when I scanned the last one .
Maybe it 's just me , but , uh ... that shit just do n't make no sense !!
Whatever .
Suffice it to say I did n't feel like these added any real replay value .
I think just before I went into the last battle , I had something like 336/340 Riddler Puzzles solved .
And I really did n't think about them that hard .
The only ones that taxed me at all were the sewer question mark , the Tweedledum / Tweedldee one , and the question mark on the arch capstone ( which had a " clue " that gave you no actual clue about its location ) .
Other than walking around in detective mode looking for Riddler Puzzles , you 'll spend most of the rest of your time beating up thugs .
I have to give them credit here , they made a good combat system .
It 's extremely fluid and intuitive .
The problem is that , like most of the good things in this game , the fighting system itself gets ( if you 'll pardon the phrasing ) beaten to death .
For maybe the first half of the game , you fight the exact same clown - thug over and over again .
Oh , sure , sometimes it 's three at a time , sometimes even six .
And sometimes the thug has had his texture map tweaked slightly so he 's black instead of white .
But these fights all go down the same way .
You keep hitting the attack button until you see someone about to hit you ( nicely indicated by little wavy lines above their head ) , then you hit the " counter " button to counter their attack .
Then back to mindlessly wanking on the attack button .
They do try and mix it up later on , by introducing a new thug who has knives , and you have to hit a different button to disarm him before you can attack him .
( Whyknows how to block your attacks when none of the other thugs ever do is a mystery to me . )
And there 's eventually a third thug who carries a cattle prod and you have to jump over him and attack from behind .
But it 's all so repetitious and dull .
The throw and combo upgrades you can buy barely make any difference , and the knockout move takes so long that you 're sure to get walloped by two other thugs while you 're trying to knock the first one out .
The sub - bosses suffer from similar problems .
By the time you 've fought your 5th mutated henchman who has the exact same attack pattern as the previous 4 , you 'll be asking yourself how Joker could be so dumb as to keep throwing these idiots at you , when they do n't even slow you down .
I think they also tried to spice things up by changing the arena you do these sub -boss battles in , but unfortunately the only " change " they could think of was : " Make the room smaller - that 'll make the action more intense ! ! "
The absurd extreme is the battle in the elevator room in the caves , where you 're fighting about 15 thugs and one giant mutated thug sub-boss simultaneously .
I elected simply to run around the perimeter of the room in circles for ten minutes , letting the mutated thug 's constantly missed swipes at me kill the little thugs .
Then I took him down easily .
Okay , okay , one time they do put you in an arena with an electric floor and you have to avoid getting zapped .
But they basically even repeat THAT arena a second time , during the Titan Ivy battle !
What I would n't have given for one original fight ... even the two stealth levels feel like total repeats of each other .
The gadgets .
Batman is famous for great gadgets .
The gadgets in this game are decent , but like everything else they 're just beaten to death .
You get a batarang , of course .
And 18 different variations that you can buy as upgrades .
Of which I found only the multi-batarang actually useful , the rest were total wastes .
The batclaw was a nice idea , but they could n't just let it stand on its own - they had to make a STUP0 RZ - BATCL4W !!!!1 !!
that you can't get until very late in the game .
And then made a bunch of puzzles all over the place that you can't get until you have the super - batclaw , thus forcing you to go back over all the levels for a 17th time once you get it .
At least you wo n't forget where they are , since you 've seen them all 16 times that you 've been through the level before , because you 're running around with Detective Mode constantly on .
The spray - on , remote - detonate explosive was a good idea ; I give them props for that .
The line gun or whatever it 's called is such a cop-out .
I 'm trying to think of a single time I used it where the grapple you have at the start of the game would n't have worked just as well .
It basically felt like the developers said , " We need one more gadget to complete the compliment of 8 .
What do we do ? " " Ummm ... make a HORIZONTAL grapple , instead of the normal VERTICAL one . "
" Brilliant ! ! "
It 's like they were ripping off their own previous idea of ripping off the bat - claw .
The line gun is TEH STUP0R - GRAPPLE , LAWL !!!!1 !!!
The security box hacker gadget was useful , and its upgrades were good , so I give them full credit for that one .
Fights , gadgets , puzzles ... what am I missing ?
Level design .
The level designs kick total ass !
I loved grappling all over the levels .
Fantastic stuff .
You also have constant access to your cape - glide , allowing you to grapple up to high places and then glide down - including glide - kicking thugs .
Fucking great ; I loved every second of it .
The levels are moody , detailed , excellently textured , nicely lit and generally the best thing about the game .
Sucks that you wo n't see nearly as much of them as you should , because of constant detective mode . :P
Like everything else , they beat the levels to death .
I think even a very minimalist run-through of the game would require going through all of them twice , except for maybe one .
The one exception is the Scarecrow levels , which will be old hat by the time you 're done with the second one .
Oh , they 're very visually pretty , but not much fun ... a pretty big contrast to the rest of the levels , which I had huge amounts of fun with .
I kinda found myself wishing for more of a sandbox type world .
All those tall mountains between the different part of the island looked like an awfully cool playground for the grapple .
They probably could n't do that due to technical limitations - mostly memory I 'm guessing .
That said , the size of the levels is just about perfect .
They 're just big enough that I can't quite remember everything about them , and so it forced me to explore a bit .
I credit this factor more than anything else as to why I found the game so immersive .
The levels sucked me in and I had a great time just getting around .
They took a necessity ( moving from place to place ) and made it fun .
Character design ?
Like all the other visual aspects of the game , these are excellent .
Totally wasted on a standard - def TV , but excellent never the less .
When you die , you can see every little green - painted hair on Joker 's head as he mocks you .
Love the new sexy Harley design .
Croc was n't bad , but they built him up so much for the entire game that when you do n't actually get to fight him , it 's a big disappointment .
That 's what they get for thinking about the sequel instead of thinking about the current game .
: PSo , hopefully I have some fanboy blood boiling by now , pointing out these things that I did n't personally like about the game .
I want to stress again that I do n't dislike this game as a whole .
Not at all .
It 's a great game overall , and I definitely recommend it .
In fact , I think it was the fact that the game was so good that made the few flaws it does have stand out more .
Thoughts ?
Post A Comment | 9 Comments | Share | Flag | Link
Wait ... so this is n't a Batman / Cthulhu crossover ?
On second thought , that might be a good thing .
Reply | Thread | Link
> so this is n't a Batman / Cthulhu crossover ?
I wish .
Reply | Parent | Thread | Link
I 'm really enjoying the game too .
It 's funny that you mentioned the " detective mode " , I was wondering if I was the only one who played the game completely in that mode .
It makes all the effort of the visual design moot , as you never see it in all its glory .
At least not while playing .
But on your 17th time through a level , you might take the time to turn it off and take a gander at all the effort they went into the design .
You described all the flaws of the game rather concisely and I find it hard to believe that any fanboy would disagree with the apparent design .
Fanboys love this game not because of the game play , but because of the integration of the mythos , which was pretty fantastic .
And the voice actors were pretty darn convincing .
-l Reply | Thread | Link
The voice acting was great .
Gritty Batman , menacing Joker , crazy - ass Harley .
The reason I liked the Chronicles of Arkham so much was the excellent voice acting there .
Reply | Parent | Thread | Link
I think that most of the criticism of the game is pretty much what you went over .
I found myself feeling a little disappointed by the repetition of the game in a lot of areas , and while I understand the necessity for scaling back items and " rewarding " you with them piecemeal , it does n't seem to really add value to the game .
For someone who is as forward thinking as Batman , you would expect him to have something somewhere at all times .
I thought it was a fantastic game , but like every other fantastic game I have played , emphasis on one thing pretty much meant sacrificing something else .
The question is whether or not they were able to do it so that you would n't notice what was missing .
Reply | Thread | Link
I wish they had played to their strengths more .
If only they had found some way to coax people out of Detective ...
What did you notice that was missing , in particular ?
Reply | Parent | Thread | Link
I pretty much lived entirely in Detective Mode in my first run through the game .
Once I knew where everything was , it was easy enough to get through obstacles , etc in Hard mode .
The two things I enjoyed most were the combat system and visual aesthetics of the game .
I think you agree on that .
That being said , I felt that the sometimes arbitrary " you ca n't use the grapple now " was shortsighted - especially since at almost every incarnation of the character , the grapple was something that drilled into substrate and could grab onto ANYTHING .
This more or less made the visuals for the game just eye - candy and not actually useful .
I found this really lacking since the whole point of Batman ( I thought ) was to be as " ninja - like " as possible - grappling , hiding , outsmarting folks , etc .
I can understand Joker telling his boys , " plant bombs and that will neutralize the Bat , " but I also figured Batman would also be smart enough to use the hacking device to do something to the bombs .
I also thought that while Hard mode was actually adequately hard , I thought that while it would take much more thought and programming time , being given a New Game + mode where you start with everything in the game would have been fantastic .
The Joker is supposed to be an amazing criminal mastermind on par with the Batman , only with a different psychosis .
You would think he would have figured out a way to use the Asylum security or layout to neutralize certain items or tactics .
Also , it would have been gratifying if there was a New Game + mode where enemies could actively take hostages , steal your gear ( but not use it since the utility belt is booby - trapped ) , and generally make your life miserable in ways outside of " oh hay there are 10 thugs this time . "
It would be pretty challenging to figure out tactics to save hostages that are n't conveniently placed out of harm 's way .
Things like that , I guess .
Reply | Parent | Thread | Link
> Also , it would have been gratifying if there was a New Game + mode where enemies could actively take hostages , steal your gear ( but not use it since the utility belt is booby - trapped ) , and generally make your life miserable in ways outside of " oh hay there are 10 thugs this time . "
It would be pretty challenging to figure out tactics to save hostages that are n't conveniently placed out of harm 's way .
That 's a pretty good idea .
It might have forced me to use some of the batarang upgrades that I did n't use at all - like sonic ( / shock ) batarang .
Reply | Parent | Thread | Link
Some of the batarang upgrades were legitimately useful , though only in context of the challenge modes .
What is really sad is that the challenge mode shows how flexible and awesome all of the gadgets are - when put together as a seamless arsenal - but you never get that until the end of the game as a means of driving the situation in a linear fashion ( or so I believe ) .
It 's pretty rad to be able to have four guys in a room on a trellis , knock off three with the grapple , quickly flip to sonic shock and then blast the remaining guy .
Too bad you do n't get the chance until the very end when it 's pointless and not really useful .
Reply | Parent | Thread | Link
browse May 2015
On the fan forum site " Avatar Forums , " a topic thread entitled " Ways to cope with the depression of the dream of Pandora being intangible , " has received more than 1,000 posts from people experiencing depression and fans trying to help them cope .
The topic became so popular last month that forum administrator Philippe Baghdassarian had to create a second thread so people could continue to post their confused feelings about the movie .
So CNN.com has a stunningly ridiculous story called Audiences experience ' Avatar ' blues .
Now , I 'm not saying being depressed is ridiculous , that 's a very serious issue , but the CNN.com story is rubbish .
Here 's the critical paragraph : So , dig into that forum and you 'll find three interesting things :
1 . There are actually only 576 messages ( not more than 1,000 ) .
Hey , what 's an error of 40 % between friends ?
I realize that 576 does n't sound as impressive as 1,000.2.
129 different people ( or at least registered users ) have posted to that thread .
Hmm .
I realize that 129 people in some forum discussing a topic does n't sound as impressive as 1,000 posts .
3 .
Of the 129 , 60 % of the posts have been made by 16 people .
In fact , 50 % are the work of 10 people .
Also 72 of the people ( from 129 ) posted once .
I realize that 16 people actively discussing a topic does n't sound as good as 1,000 posts .
So a small number of people discussing feeling depressed after seeing Avatar is enough for a front - page CNN.com story !?
Now , how many of the 129 people ( or the 16 if you prefer ) were already feeling depressed before they saw the movie ? :
I 've updated the figures ( see comments ) . :
The story made it to CNN on TV .
Most interesting part is where the story 's author says that she talked to the people in the thread and they were " lonely to begin with " and they are " lonely people " .
They " do n't have a lot going on in their lives right now " and that the movie " did n't create depression " .
Labels : rants and raves
Mr. McCarthy , 76 , has won a wagon - full of honors including a Pulitzer Prize , a National Book Award and the MacArthur Foundation ’s so - called genius grant .
Books like “ Blood Meridian , ” “ All the Pretty Horses ” and “ The Crossing ” have propelled him to the top ranks of American fiction writers .
Image Cormac McCarthy is finally giving up this particular typewriter .
Credit ... Christie's
Even nonreaders are familiar with his storytelling since his two most recently published novels , “ No Country for Old Men ” and the 2007 Pulitzer winner “ The Road , ” have been made into movies .
( “ No Country ” won best picture and three other Oscars last year . )
Christie ’s , which plans to auction the machine on Friday , estimated that it would fetch between $ 15,000 and $ 20,000 .
Mr. McCarthy wrote an authentication letter  typed on the Olivetti , of course  that states :
“ It has never been serviced or cleaned other than blowing out the dust with a service station hose .
... I have typed on this typewriter every book I have written including three not published .
Including all drafts and correspondence I would put this at about five million words over a period of 50 years . ”
Speaking from his home in Santa Fe , Mr. McCarthy said he mistakenly thought that the typewriter was bought in 1958 ; it was actually a few years later .
He had a Royal previously , but before he went off to Europe in the early 1960s , he said , “ I tried to find the smallest , lightest typewriter I could find . ”
Mr. McCarthy is known for being taciturn , particularly about his writing .
He came to realize that not only his working method but even his tools are puzzling to a younger generation .
Ten days after the massive earthquake in Haiti , some 80,000 of the estimated 200,000 dead have been buried , two million residents now find themselves homeless , and hundreds of thousands of them are now trying to flee the capital city .
Rescue crews are beginning to abandon hope of finding any further survivors in the rubble - the last person to be pulled out alive was on was rescued on Wednesday , the 20th .
Aid agencies are still ramping up their efforts - the Red Cross alone has deployed what it calls its greatest deployment of emergency responders in its 91 - year history .
Collected here are some closer looks into recent events in Haiti , seen through the faces of the survivors and the recently - arrived security , rescue and care workers [ ] . ( 46 photos total
Allegations that a 62 - year - old Iraqi grandmother was tortured then executed by British soldiers after her home was raided are being investigated by the Royal Military Police .
The Army 's involvement in the death and abuse of Sabiha Khudur Talib , three years ago , is one of the most serious charges to be made against Britain during its six - year occupation of southern Iraq .
UK government ministers are to be given previously unseen police reports from a Basra crime unit which conclude that Mrs Talib 's body was dumped on a roadside in a British body bag in November 2006 .
There was a bullet hole in her abdomen and her face had injuries consistent with torture , police reported .
An investigation led by Lieutenant Haidar Yashaa Salman from Al - Qibla police station of the Al - Hussein Police Directorate found : " At 11 o'clock , we were informed by the police operation room of the finding of a dumped body , so went to the site and found out that the body belonged to the victim Sabiha Khudur Talib , who was arrested by the British forces on 14 - 15 November 2006 ...
I saw the body in a brown dish - dash [ one - piece tunic ] , bare feet and hands with marks of handcuffs .
I saw traces of torture on the body of the victim .
I saw a non-penetrated bullet entry in the abdomen . "
The Ministry of Defence confirmed that Sabiha Khudur Talib was shot by British soldiers from the Princess of Wales ' Royal Regiment in 2006 but deny that she was murdered or tortured .
The case is now being investigated by the Royal Military Police ( RMP ) .
An MoD spokesman said that she had been caught in crossfire during the raid and died later in a military hospital .
But statements from her family , who were at home during the raid , claim that after the shooting they saw Mrs Talib being led away alive by British soldiers .
The MoD was unable to say yesterday which hospital she was treated at or to whom her body was handed .
The results of the Iraqi police investigation , seen by The Independent , were sent to Ghazi Dawoud Salman , an Iraqi judge , and to the Basra prosecution office .
Lawyers for Mrs Talib's family are preparing a legal action in the High Court in London against the MoD .
They say the house was raided in the early hours of 15 November 2006 , and that the family thought their home was being attacked by criminals .
Mrs Talib 's son , Karim Gatii Karim Al - Maliki , fired a Kalashnikov rifle into a ceiling to ward off intruders .
But the family claim that the soldiers began firing into the house for 20 minutes , killing Mr Al - Maliki .
According to the eyewitness accounts , Mr Al - Maliki 's brother and mother were arrested by the soldiers .
In his witness statement , Mr Al - Maliki 's brother , Raad Gatii Karim Al - Maliki , 26 , gives his account of the shooting : " My mother grabbed hold of me and pulled me into a corner where she cuddled me close .
As the shots seemed to come from all angles into the room and we were both very exposed it was a miracle we were not shot .
I did not dare move and recall that my mother began to pray . "
He adds : " After what seemed like 20 minutes the firing stopped and British soldiers entered the house .
One soldier pointed a laser beam at me and I immediately threw up my hands so he did not shoot me .
A soldier grabbed me by my collar , lifted me up and threw me face down on to the floor .
The soldiers had flashlights with them and at this point I saw my brother Karim sitting against the wall .
He was still and I saw his blood all around .
It was obvious he was dead . "
Says Mr Al - Maliki : " My mother began shouting and pleading with the soldiers and she was calling out mine and Karim 's names .
Although the calls pained me at least I knew that she was alive . "
Later he describes the soldiers leading his mother out of the house : " As I was kneeling on the ground I heard my mother shouting for me and Karim .
I looked up and saw my mother being led roughly a couple of metres in front of me by four or five soldiers .
I shouted to her .
I could see my mother was trying to hold a blanket around her legs .
I could see her body and I could see no signs of injury .
I could not believe they were treating my old mother in this way . "
Mr Al - Maliki says the soldiers led his mother to a military vehicle : " I was very worried about her , but could see she was at least uninjured .
I then saw a soldier hit her on her back with a rifle butt .
The soldiers pulled the blanket off her legs , wrapped this around her and shoved her into the vehicle .
I had a clear view of this from where I was kneeling . "
The next time the family saw Mrs Talib was when the police told them they had found a body on the Al - Zubayr highway .
Lawyers for the family last night demanded a full inquiry into what happened to Mrs Talib .
Phil Shiner , of Public Interest Lawyers , told The Independent : " The possibility that British forces in 2006 could have tortured and executed an innocent elderly woman should shock the nation .
Such an allegation must be immediately independently investigated as a possible murder .
" How she came to be dumped in a British body bag by the side of a road having allegedly been abducted by British soldiers requires the most anxious scrutiny .
No stone should be left unturned by the Government in an effort to establish the evidence in this case . "
The Ministry of Defence said the allegations would be investigated .
" A post - incident report from 1st Battalion the Princess of Wales ' Royal Regiment describes an incident on 15 November 2006 .
Soldiers from the unit were conducting an arrest operation when an Iraqi national , Karim Gatii Karim , opened fire on them , " said a spokesman .
" One British soldier was wounded and Karim Gatii Karim was shot dead .
" Mr Karim 's mother , Sabiha Khudur Talib , was regrettably wounded in the crossfire and , despite attempts to save her , she sadly died of her wounds .
She was not tortured by British forces and her body was not dumped by the roadside , it was returned to Iraqi authorities .
The Royal Military Police will be investigating allegations made by Mr Karim 's brother and attempting to ascertain where Sabiha Khudur Talib was treated and by whom she was pronounced dead . "
The case is one of 47 fresh claims of abuse and torture being investigated by the MoD .
Independent
Belfast Telegraph
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
An inquiry set up to examine whether the way pedigree dogs are bred damages their health has criticised negligent management on puppy farms in the UK as a " major welfare issue " , along with inbreeding in purebred animals .
The report published today by Prof Sir Patrick Bateson , president of the Zoological Society of London , also condemns fashions that prize certain extreme physical characteristics responsible for health problems .
The inquiry was set up after a BBC documentary in 2008 claimed pedigree dogs were being bred and shown with debilitating genetic diseases .
It has recommended changes in the law to ensure every puppy is microchipped before being sold and an independent advisory council to tackle inherited disease , " extreme conformation " and inbreeding .
Speaking in London today , Bateson , of Cambridge University , said : " Many breeders exercise high standards of welfare but negligent management on puppy farms is a major welfare issue , as is inbreeding in purebred dogs .
Fashions for extreme conformations are also a cause of welfare problems . "
After a 10 - month inquiry funded by the Kennel Club and leading animal charity the Dogs Trust , Bateson 's report called for a computer - based system to collect anonymous data about breeds from veterinary practices and for the veterinary profession to support enforcement authorities , help educate the public and lead a shift towards a preventative approach to dog health .
His recommendations include :
• A duty of care on breeders for the health of parents and offspring and the setting up of accredited breeder schemes .
• Health checks that allow buyers to view dogs with a parent before a sale .
• New regulations on breeding and sales of dogs and better welfare enforcement on licensed dog breeding premises .
• A campaign by animal welfare organisations to educate the public in buying dogs .
• The Dangerous Dogs
Act being amended to apply to all dogs that have been shown to be dangerous , rather than to specified breeds , and to address the problem of dogs being bred and reared specifically as weapons for fighting .
The RSPCA pulled out of last year 's Crufts dog show over concerns about animal welfare .
The animal charity called for new measures to tackle disability , deformity and disease among pedigree breeds .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A group of Thames
Water sewer men have re-worked a well - known carol in a bid to stop people pouring fat from Christmas dinners down the sink .
The ' flushers ' song ' This Christmas Think of Sewer men ' , is sung to the to the tune of the classic English carol God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen .
About 500 tonnes of fat will go down Thames Water drains during December - 25 % more than any other month .
Fat should be put in a container and , once cold , put in the bin .
Singing Sewerman Rob Smith , Thames
Water 's chief flusher , said : " Britain 's pop artists need not worry - we 've have n't officially released our song into the music charts - yet .
WHAT TO DO WITH FAT Cooking fat should be poured into a container and , once cooled , put in the bin Beef or lamb fat can be mixed with seeds or food scraps to make nutritious bird feed Meat fat also goes well in gravy " It 's just a bit of fun with a serious seasonal message , Bin it - do n't block it , which we 've posted online .
" If it does snowball into something bigger then clearly , Simon Cowell , we 're open to offers .
" We spend about £ 12 m a year clearing around 55,000 blockages in our sewers but half of these could be avoided altogether if people cut out sewer abuse .
" People forget that sewers are only meant to take away water , toilet tissue and poo .
" Anything else , especially turkey fat , is a big ' no no ' because it blocks our drains and in some cases results in sewage flooding into people 's homes - about 1,000 a year - which is just horrible . "
The lyrics to the song are : ( verse 1 ) This Christmas think of sewermen
Who tremble in dismay
When grease from goose and fatted fowl
Is idly poured away
It clogs the drains of London
And it must be scraped away .
( chorus )
Put your fat in the rubbish in a bin
Throw it all in
Put your fat in the rubbish in a bin ( verse 2 )
So when you 've had your Christmas meal
Of turkey , wine and pud
Remember our poor sewermen
And treat them as you should .
Do n't pour your hot fat down the drain
' cause it will do no good .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Christine Romans looks at the balance between faith and finances on " In God We Trust " at 8 p.m. ET Saturday on CNN .
Houston , Texas ( CNN ) -- Joel Osteen strides into the former Compaq Center .
Some 20,000 people are standing and singing .
Purple lights softly pulse across the ceiling , and mist floats around two giant screens flashing words to the songs .
It 's not a pulpit but a podium .
It 's not an altar but a stage .
There is no cross .
Instead a huge globe spins , and two massive bubbling creeks flank the stage .
A lighting system softens distant corners of the massive arena and spreads colored light and smoke in strategic spots .
Somehow , the space that will hold 40,000 - plus on Sunday morning does n't feel like a sports arena .
In the control room , producers watch multiple camera angles and feeds .
Smiling broadly , Osteen bounds up the few stairs to the stage , closes his eyes , lifts his hands and leads a prayer .
" God , I 'm going to start this week off in faith .
Expecting your goodness .
Expecting to have a blessed and a prosperous week .
Amen .
Well , God bless you .
Give him your very best today . "
Welcome to Sunday morning at Lakewood Church in Houston , Texas .
It 's reportedly the nation 's largest congregation and probably one of the most diverse places in America .
One third of these churchgoers are Hispanic , one - third African - American and a quarter white .
There are dozens of nationalities .
Osteen will give this sermon twice .
He later said he knows immediately which segments to edit together into a sermon that will air on television to millions three weeks later .
Between services , he is signing his most recent book in the lobby , just past the bookstore that is one of the highest - grossing Christian bookstores in America .
His wife , Victoria , is co-pastor of the church and a best - selling author in her own right .
In fact , the Osteens are not paid to be pastors at Lakewood , according to the church , but they live off the considerable proceeds of their books .
Joel Osteen 's advance for " It 's Your Time , " his third book , an instant best - seller , was $ 12 million , according to the church .
Settled into the pastor 's suite after two Sunday services and book signings , Osteen explains why he is telling people it's the time to " thrive . "
" I tell them that this is not the time to get discouraged or put your life on hold and really to be talked into having a down year , " Osteen said .
" I really believe that fear is contagious , that worry and anxiety ... if you let that get into you long enough , it almost paralyzes you . "
" So if you get talked into saying , ' Well , I 'm just going to survive this year and make it and not get laid off , ' I believe you draw more negativity in , versus if you get up and say , ' OK , yes , we 're not in denial the economy is terrible , stuff 's not going great , but I believe that God calls me to be at the right place at the right time ' and you know put your faith out there -- do n't have a survival mentality , believe that you can thrive . "
That message is resonating .
His publisher , Simon & Schuster , said some 850,000 copies of " It 's Your Time " are already in print .
Osteen shrugs off criticism from mainstream Protestants , evangelicals and others who call Lakewood Christianity lite , more showbiz than theology -- a religious Disneyland , where after the " ride , " the doors open into the gift shop to buy books DVDs , calendars and all things Osteen .
" I 'm not a debater , " he said , shrugging .
He said he 's been called to deliver God 's message to as many people as possible , and God gave him a unique set of gifts to do so .
One of those gifts is the ability to market brand Osteen across multiple media : podcasts , Twitter , books , DVDs , CDs and television .
He produced his father 's telecasts for years and stepped into the spotlight after his death .
Osteen 's expertise behind the camera has taken his father 's church to a stratospheric level .
Osteen 's supporters and associates suggest mainstream Christian mistrust of his success may be as much jealousy as theology .
" Have you been to church in America recently ? " one aide said .
" They put on a funeral .
If you put on a funeral every week , eventually people stop coming . "
Osteen 's is the largest , but according to Hartford Seminary , there are 1,350 megachurches in the country , and they are spreading , while more traditional Christian churches struggle to fill the pews .
" What megachurches represent for good or bad is the world that we live in , " said Scott Thumma , a sociology of religion professor at the Hartfold Seminary in Connecticut .
" I do n't think it is the only form of religion that is going to survive into the future ; I think there is also a very strong place for small intimate worship settings , like house churches and small cell churches .
But the megachurch is appealing and attracting people for a reason ; it parallels the experience that we have with rock concerts and sports arenas and the mall . "
Joel and Victoria Osteen appear profoundly , unfailingly positive .
On the screen that recent Sunday are these words -- God plans to prosper you and not harm you .
" I do n't believe it 's just money -- money is a part of it -- but prosper is to give you a good life , meaning good relationships , and give you health , " Osteen said , explaining the " prosper " phrase comes from the Book of Jeremiah .
It 's to " give you a good job and money to pay your bills and do other things , but you know I encourage people to have a prosperous mindset . "
Osteen said .
Osteen is often characterized , and criticized , for being a " prosperity preacher . "
" I do n't like to be called a prosperity minister because I think in most people 's minds that do n't know me they think , ' Well , all he talks about is money , ' " Osteen said , " Which I do n't , I talk about being blessed in so many different ways . "
Yet he does offer advice about finances and he has some experience .
Osteen said Lakewood still has $ 40 million to pay off on $ 100 million he borrowed to convert Compaq Center from a basketball arena into a church .
In " It 's Your Time , " he writes , " If you have a burden of heavy debt , you need to announce to that debt , ' It is finished . '
Look at that house payment .
' It is finished . '
Look at that college loan .
' It is finished . '
Look at those unpaid bills .
' It is finished . ' "
Can God really wipe out your debts ?
" It starts ... with the vision that you have to believe that God can help you to get out of debt to fulfill your dreams , " Osteen said .
" I do n't think anything is going to happen if you do n't believe , so I think that 's where you start . "
And what of the Bible verse that it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven ?
Or that Jesus preached his followers to give up all their belongings and follow him ?
" Years back at least , you know you had to be poor and to show you were holy , " Osteen said .
" You 're supposed to sacrifice everything , and I 'm all for sacrifice and I believe in that , but I also believe that God wants us to be leaders .
He 's put gifts and talents in every person , that they 're supposed to come out to the full . "
CNN 's Ben Tinker contributed to this report .
Text education is coming to Canadian schools , thanks to a new curriculum that sheds light on the dangers of sexually explicit mobile messages , textual harassment , and other potential pitfalls linked to youths ' wireless communication .
The pilot textED.ca course will be introduced to 100 Grade 7 classrooms across the country this month , with full program implementation in September , according to a joint announcement being made Thursday by the Canadian Centre for Child Protection and the Canadian Wireless Telecommunications Association .
The initiative , thought to be the first of its kind in Canada , aims to address what police call " an education gap " that 's made young people vulnerable to a swath of text - related risks .
" It does n't even have to pertain to an adult offender ; we 're seeing so much harm come to adolescents within their own peer circle , whereby they 're sending nude images or inappropriate messages ( by phone ) , and those are being transferred to a larger group of individuals , " says Signy Arnason , who works with the Centre for Child Protection .
" Certainly , the goal is n't to be arresting these kids for distributing what technically is child pornography ; the goal is to intervene as soon as possible . . .
So what police are very excited about is that this is a real prevention tool . "
Stephanie Morgan , a police detective in Kingston , Ont. , says she expects the initiative will help address the education gap in texting safety , and allow officers to " focus their time being protectors more often than educators . "
A recent report by the Pew Research Center found 15 per cent of youth aged 12 to 17 had received sexually suggestive photos or videos on their personal cellphones .
A similar survey for LG Electronics last year suggested the number is even higher , with 22 per cent of teens claiming to have received a naked picture on their mobile phone .
The textED.ca curriculum addresses the potential costs of such behaviour , along with other texting concerns such as harassment , privacy and " text - luring . "
Of the latter , Arnason recalls a case in which an Ontario girl , 14 , was persuaded via text messaging to run away with a male who claimed to be 15 .
Police intervened and discovered the man was actually 20 and wanted in three provinces for charges that included sexual assault .
" The explosion of texting and cellphones is something teachers have n't been well - equipped to address , " says Arnason .
" That 's the purpose of this : to get in early and tackle these issues before we 're faced with a major problem . "
Although a measure of text education is already part of a number of provincially mandated health courses , educators are eager to see what this more focused rollout will look like .
" I 'd be excited about seeing it because every school has issues with the Internet and with Facebook and with cellphone messaging , " says Carolynne Pitura , guidance counsellor at John Henderson Junior High in Winnipeg .
" If we can have more education , more intervention , and be more proactive rather than reactive , it will benefit all of us . "
The national pilot phase involves Grade 7 teachers who 've agreed to implement the textED.ca course , which features three lesson plans ranging in length from 40 to 90 minutes .
In September , after feedback has been collected and necessary adjustments are made , junior high schools across Canada will be sent details on the optional curriculum with the hopes of national execution .
Financial support for the program , as well as content , was provided by the Canadian Wireless Telecommunications Association .
" The technology is here to stay , so we have to teach kids to use it properly , " says Bernard Lord , association president .
" If a young person feels uncomfortable about any communications they may be engaged in , or if they ever feel threatened in any way , they should feel completely comfortable letting a trusted adult know about the situation , " said Lord , the former New Brunswick premier .
What on earth would possess a person to rid themselves of all their worldly goods ?
An attempt to start afresh after life has gone horribly wrong ?
An acrimonious break - up , maybe ?
Or simply a moment of mad-ness ?
As we sit surrounded by the detritus of Christmas , still recovering from our annual spending binge and at the end of a decade of rampant consumerism , it does occur that something a little more radical than a mild spring clean might be no bad thing .
How many of us move from one house to another carrying a trail of cardboard boxes without really knowing what 's inside ?
How many of us have drawers and cup- boards full of stuff we never use ?
And , in the big scheme of things , how important really is all that stuff deemed to be of sentimental value ?
The three people featured over the following six pages have , at various points over the past decade , systematically set out to rid themselves of all their worldly possessions .
One discovered he was the owner of more than 7,000 items and set out to destroy every single one .
Another , a victim of his own shopaholicism , burned £ 20,000 worth of designer goods ; and the third , whose life had hit rock - bottom , attempted to sell everything and start again .
Were there any regrets about smashing up that Saab 900 , burning those Vivienne Westwood shirts or flogging that Wolfgang Tillmans artwork ?
Have these actions taken on a new pertinence in these credit - crunched times ?
And what happens the next day , when you wake to find yourself the proud owner of absolutely nothing ?
Is it at moment of liberation or lament ?
Or is it straight back down the shops ?
Here we revisit them to see how it all worked out .
A life taken apart
In 2001 the artist Michael Landy spent a fortnight destroying all his belongings in an art piece entitled ' Breakdown '
" The idea for Breakdown came to me in 1998 when I was sitting at my kitchen table wondering what I was going to do next .
I 'd just sold a piece of work called Scrapheap Services to the Tate , so for the first time in my life I 'd got ahead of myself .
I had all this stuff – a lovely Saab 900 car , a nice Richard James suit – and I thought , ' How can I mess it up for myself ? '
That was the moment I decided to destroy all my worldly goods .
" As a child I 'd always been into taking things apart so I could see how they were put together .
I call it an examination of ' consumerism .
So I took apart every one of my 7,227 belongings over a two - week period in the old C&A building on Oxford Street , which is now a Primark .
I had 100 metres of conveyor belt to carry all my stuff and 12 operatives who I had employed for their dismantling skills .
Everything I owned was broken down into its material parts and then granulated .
It was all very forensic .
The whole lot was weighed – it came to 5.75 tonnes – then taken off to a landfill in Essex .
" I was paranoid throughout the thing .
I went out for secret fags all the time and had to take [ the codeine - based medicine ]
Solpadeine to calm me down .
Most evenings I went out drinking with the operatives , so seemed to have a hangover pretty much every day , which certainly helped neutralise the situation .
Witnessing your stuff being destroyed in front of 50,000 complete strangers is bizarre .
People turned up who I had n't seen for years .
It felt like I was attending my own funeral and I became obsessed with the thought that I was witnessing my own death , or jinxing myself or my family .
" I was never really worried about losing all my stuff .
I had rationalised it as an artwork and had invested three years of my life preparing for it .
I never really thought about what would happen afterwards .
The day after it was over I did n't do anything .
I just sat in my partner Gillian [ Wearing ] 's kitchen .
After you 've destroyed everything you own , there comes a big full stop , both as a consumer and a person .
I spent a lot of time on buses looking for other things that I could take apart .
What I had done was so destructive and nihilistic ; for about a year I did n't make any art .
I did n't do anything .
" Bit by bit I started to acquire things again .
Gillian gave me some cash .
The arts organisation Artangel paid me some money they owed me and Carson Schubert , my former art dealer , gave me some clothes .
The final thing we 'd destroyed was my record collection .
After we finished , someone came up to me and handed me a Paul Weller record .
I must have been the owner of absolutely nothing for about 10 minutes .
" I got in trouble with the Inland Revenue because I am supposed to keep five years ' worth of accounts , but obviously I destroyed them .
I had to go there and try to explain what I had done .
I had also got rid of my passport , cleared out my bank account and destroyed my birth certificate .
All quite mundane things , but they are annoying to have to replace .
Some things I had to go straight out and buy again – a toothbrush for example .
I hated having to do that ; the last thing I wanted to do was go into shops and buy things .
" Now I 'm really aware of the things I own and am always periodically getting rid of stuff .
I have a much more pared - down life .
Most artists have images and things in their studio for reference .
Mine is completely bare .
I 've started to get rid of Gillian 's things secretly , too .
She 's got no idea .
" I thought there might be more antagonism towards the project , as people spend their whole lives working hard to acquire things .
But I think what actually happened is that people came , looked at all my stuff going around on the conveyor belt , and made mental inventories of their own stuff .
" I have a new show opening at the end of this month at the South London Gallery , where I have invited the public to discard their artworks in a huge bin .
I call it a monument to creative failure .
I guess there is a continuing theme .
" Breakdown profoundly changed me as a collector of things and as a consumer .
It 's hard to stop .
I do wonder if I 'm just trying to destroy myself .
Maybe one day I 'll work out how . "
' Art Bin ' runs from 29 January to 14 March at the South London Gallery ( art - bin.co.uk ; southlondongallery.org )
Crash and burn
In September 2006 designer - label addict Neil Boorman burnt all his branded possessions .
He wrote a book about the experience called ' Bonfire of the Brands '
" I was such a brand whore and such a shopaholic that my identity and sense of self were entirely based around the things I owned .
I was a walking billboard and believed that the logos I wore signified status .
I would judge other people entirely by the labels they wore , too .
My headspace was totally taken up by thoughts of brands .
I used to spend my entire time sitting around thinking which new mobile phone or PDA would define me best .
" I realised it was time to do something about it when my partner and I went to a remote beach in India to get away from everything .
She woke to find me wading through the sea trying to get a signal on my BlackBerry because I was halfway through a bidding war on eBay for a Gucci sweatshirt .
" So on 17 September 2006 I burnt the entire contents of my branded life .
It was a good £ 20,000 worth of stuff – lots of clothing by Raf Simons , Vivienne Westwood , Gucci and Louis Vuitton ; I was into all the big , ostentatious labels .
There was also a Technics turntable , a Sharp LCD TV , a Dyson cleaner , Habitat furniture , numerous BlackBerrys and Nokia phones and loads more .
I made a pact to try to live completely brand - free for a year .
" For the first six months I was virtually a recluse .
I became quite paranoid .
I was having psychotherapy at the time and certainly would n't have survived without it .
I had to wipe the slate clean and deprogramme myself from a whole system of thought .
I missed the clothes terribly .
All those brands went a long way to defining who I was ; stripping them out was tantamount to ripping out my personality and starting from zero .
Having a series of logos emblazoned across your chest does a lot of talking for you .
Without them , I discovered , I had to do the talking myself .
" I also suffered massive withdrawal symptoms from the loss of technology .
I spent a lot of time pacing round my ' flat thinking , ' I want to watch TV or check my emails , ' knowing full well there would be nothing to watch and probably no mails to check .
" Weirdly , one of the things I missed most were my toiletries .
They were the hardest things to replace with good , non-branded equivalents .
Those crystal deodorants you get in new - age stores do n't work .
Quite frankly , it was n't long before I really started to ming .
" For months I did n't know how to fill my Saturday afternoons when I 'd normally be out shopping .
The fact is , shopping is our leisure culture now .
I had no idea what to do instead .
There were a lot of walks round the park and milling around galleries .
I had to impose an exclusion zone round central London – I could n't allow myself anywhere near the shops , petrified I 'd be drawn in by their magnetism .
" But as time went on I slowly began to remember why I had gone through the whole thing in the first place .
I realised that all those things I bought were actually just consolation prizes for being a wage slave .
I had been trapped in a vicious circle .
The harder I worked , the more miserable I was and the more consolation prizes I needed , and so the harder I had to work .
At the height of my addiction , I was in thousands and thousands of pounds of debt .
" I scraped through that year by the skin of my teeth .
The fact that it is almost impossible to live brand - free is testament to how far gone we are with our rampant consumer culture .
" For me it 's been an enormous relief .
In terms of anxiety levels , my life has completely transformed .
I used to constantly worry about knowing about the latest trainer or designer .
To be able to step off the Zeitgeist treadmill and say I choose not to compete – it's like an enormous weight has been lifted off my shoulders .
" People ask me what I spend my money on now ; I say I buy time .
I only work three or four days a week .
I spend the rest of my time kicking around with my young son and doing all the stuff I 'd wished I had time to do when I was stuck at my desk grinding out another day 's work .
I definitely feel time is one of the most finite resources we have and we are too willing to either give it away or sell it for not much in return .
If I have replaced one obsession for another , it 's that I have now become obsessed with how I spend and sell my time .
" These days all the shopping I do is based on utility .
If I do n't need it , I do n't buy it .
I get a lot of stuff online and wear mainly ' virgin ' stuff – that is , basic clothing in the pre-branded stage of production .
I also go to charity shops and army - surplus stores .
If I have to buy from a chain I consult the Ethical Consumer magazine , which rates shops and brands in terms of how ethical their level of production is .
For me , the less I own , the better and the more free I am .
I do n't have contents insurance on my house because there 's nothing in there that 's worth pinching .
" It 's interesting how the response to what I did has changed over the past year .
I think it 's all tied to what has happened to the economy .
When I had the bonfire , there was a lot of negative publicity ; now I am getting sheepish emails from people who can't believe that there was a time when they would drop £ 200 on a pair of sunglasses without even thinking .
I think as a nation we got caught up in a crazy consumer daydream where money was so cheap we did n't really care about piling up debt .
We all got swept up in it .
I 'd like to think now we are coming out the other end to a nicer place where we can moderate our consumption . "
Everything must go
In July 2009 the artist Jasper Joffe put up everything he owned for sale in a show called ' The Sale of a Lifetime '
" I split up with my long - term girlfriend around this time last year .
I remember waking up in my studio the morning after , thinking my life had hit rock - bottom .
We have a four - year - old together and all I desperately wanted to do was get back with her .
I 'd also just split from the gallery that had represented me for years .
I was 33 and had reached a point where I was having to start again both emotionally and career - wise .
" Not many people would think the solution to their problems would be to sell everything they owned , but it made sense to me .
I felt as if I had a big hole in my life and I needed to do something extreme .
It was around the time that Woolworths was going under and the credit crunch was on everyone 's mind .
I just wanted to put everything in one place , put it up for sale , and say my life was going out of business .
" The opening night was very strange .
I just stood by as all these people went through my stuff – leafing through highly personal things such as my diary , my letters and my sketchbooks .
I am actually quite a private person but there was something strangely liberating about it .
I realised I 'd hit a point where I had absolutely nothing left to hide , and that gave me a massive sense of freedom .
" The sale went on for a week and I went there every day .
I really liked just lying there on my bed , watching people looking at my stuff .
It sounds a bit precocious but it was a little bit like a shrine to myself – it was like being at my funeral or seeing my house after I 'd died .
" I wanted to absorb it all as much as possible .
I got a lot of really nice comments throughout that week ; some from people who had split up with their partners offering me advice , others from people saying they were worried about me and a few people saying , ' Do n't do it , you 'll regret it . '
" Unfortunately , a lot of my stuff did n't sell .
I think my pricing structure might not have been quite right .
I did n't want to have a jumble sale with everything been sold off for a few pounds , so I had put things into batches and then offered each one for £ 3,333.33 .
My work normally sells for a few thousand each , so the batches of paintings were a very good deal .
So too were the Tracey Emin and Wolfgang Tillmans pieces that I owned , but would you want someone else 's wardrobe for three grand ?
I guess if it was Michael Jackson 's or Elton John 's , you might .
Not if it was mine .
" I have always been a great collector of things – everything from stamps to teddies and toys to books .
I was quite surprised my teddy collection did n't sell .
I have more than 50 , including some collectable Steiff bears and some more than 80 years old .
Similarly with my books .
I have some quite rare stuff – a signed copy of Diplomacy by Henry Kissinger for example , a collectible Ben Okri and first editions of books by Saul Bellow and Philip Roth .
A few dealers asked if I would separate the batches , but I refused .
" I desperately wanted to walk away with nothing but the clothes I was wearing , my wallet and my mobile phone , but I 'm lumbered still .
I made enough money to ensure I could carry on painting for the next year or so .
I still have n't unpacked any of the unsold stuff ; I do n't want to go back to normal or go back to my old life .
I feel like I 'm in a holding station waiting for the next step .
I 'm not sure what that is .
" The best thing about it is that afterwards I got back together with my girlfriend , although things are still a little bit dicey .
I think the sale showed her that I was willing to go to quite enormous lengths to try to change .
I also think she actually found it all a bit embarrassing .
It was quite well publicised , so people started phoning up and asking her about our relationship .
It was all a bit awkward .
A YOUNG mother sobbed after a Perth Supreme Court judge told her she wo n't be jailed for the accidental stabbing death of her baby daughter .
PerthNow reports that Nicole Frances Bryan , 23 , of Dawesville , pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of her 16 - month - old daughter Chenelle in March last year .
The WA Supreme Court was told today that Bryan , who had been a victim of serious domestic violence , had intended to scare her partner with a long - bladed kitchen knife , but when she attacked him she stabbed her daughter who was in his arms .
Justice Stephen Hall told Ms Bryan : " This is something that you will live with forever , '' and that her daughter 's death was " an insurmountable tragedy ' ' .
He imposed a two - year jail sentence , which he suspended for two years .
Bryan cried and sobbed continuously through today 's hearing and thanked the judge after the sentence was passed .
Justice Hall said in the month leading up to the tragedy Ms Bryan had felt " trapped and helpless ' ' in a violent relationship with her partner .
" History does not justify or excuse your actions , but it does explain them , '' Justice Hall said .
Earlier her lawyer Michael Clarke told the court Ms Bryan targeted her de facto partner but did not intend to harm her daughter when she attacked him with a long - bladed kitchen knife .
Mr Clarke said his client had been caught up in a cycle of escalating domestic violence for four years with her de facto , who was now in jail for assaults against her .
Mr Clarke said Ms Bryan had been hopeful the pair 's relationship might survive .
But they had started arguing on the way home from a social outing , at which Ms Bryan had taken off her jacket to reveal bruises , allegedly inflicted by her partner .
" He did n't want his friends to see his handiwork , '' Mr Clarke said .
After arriving at the couple 's home Ms Bryan attempted to call a crisis line but was prevented by her partner , who allegedly stabbed her in the hand with a skewer .
Ms Bryan then picked up a knife , unaware Chenelle was in her father 's arms , stabbing her in the chest cavity as he turned , Mr Clarke said .
" Ultimately she was lashing out at her de facto ... it all went horribly wrong , '' he said .
" She was completely unaware he was holding the child .
She was completely unaware the child was in the kitchen , let alone in his arms . ''
Prosecutor Michelle Ridley said the submission was difficult to accept and it was highly unlikely Ms Bryan did not know the baby was in her partner 's arms .
Mr Clarke said Ms Bryan had been in custody since the offence and nothing would be achieved by her spending more time in custody .
Read more about the mum who accidentally stabbed her toddler at PerthNow
Islamabad , Pakistan ( CNN ) -- A Pakistani court Monday gave police two weeks to prepare their case for charging five Americans whom police suspect of planning terrorist attacks .
Authorities have said they plan to prosecute the five men -- who are being held in jail -- under the country 's anti-terrorism act .
A court hearing was set for January 18 .
Police have said they are confident that the Americans were planning terrorist acts , according to Tahir Gujjrar , deputy superintendent of police in Sargodha , where the men were arrested December 9 .
Gujjrar told CNN a preliminary investigation suggests that the men came to Pakistan to wage jihad and had sought to link up with Jaish - e - Mohammed and Jamaat - ud - Dawa militant organizations , neither of which showed interest , he said .
The men wanted to martyr themselves , he said .
Jaish - e- Mohammed is the group believed to be responsible for the murder of journalist Daniel Pearl .
But Mohammed Ameer Khan Rokhri , an attorney representing the men , said they testified on the Quran , the Muslim holy book , " that they have no connection with any banned organization , " including Jaish - e - Mohammed or al Qaeda .
They told the court , " We are going to Afghanistan to help the Muslims who have been injured by the NATO forces and other Afghan forces , " the attorney said .
And they said the did n't intend to commit any crime in Pakistan , he said .
The five young men are identified as Ahmed Abdullah Minni , Umar Farooq , Aman Hassan Yemer , Waqar Hussain Khan and Ramy Zamzam .
All are in their early 20s except Yemer , who , according to the interrogation report from Pakistani police , is 18 years old .
Two of the suspects are Pakistani - American , two are Yemeni- American , and one is Egyptian - American .
A sixth man , Khaled Farooq -- the father of Umar Farooq -- also was arrested , but was released by the anti-terror court for lack of evidence .
The five men worshipped together at a mosque in Alexandria , Virginia , until they went missing in November and turned up in Pakistan .
Fellow congregants at the ICNA Center said they were shocked by the arrests and accusations .
Subira Farooq , the wife of Khaled and mother of Umar , said in December that she and her husband had traveled to Pakistan to arrange a marriage for Umar , and that she was surprised to see her son arrive in the country shortly afterward .
The police interrogation report describes the five as college students who " were of the opinion that a jihad must be waged against the infidels for the atrocities committed by them against Muslims around the world . "
CNN 's Pierre Bairin and Arwa Damon and journalist Fayyaz Adrees contributed to this report .
Judge Michael Davis is the senior federal jurist in Minnesota .
He presides over the gleaming 15th floor courtroom where , earlier this year , P2P user Jammie Thomas - Rasset was slapped with $ 1.92 million in damages for sharing 24 songs .
Davis made no comment on the amount of the award and showed no emotion as it was read out .
But now we know how he rely feels about the jury 's work in that case : it led to a " monstrous and shocking " damage award that veered into " the realm of gross injustice . "
Davis used his power of remittitur today to slash the damage award by 97.2 percent , from $ 1.92 million down to $ 54,000 — and he suggested that even this lower amount was too high .
Justice is n't only for the sympathetic
Thomas - Rasset , the first defendant to take an RIAA - backed P2P lawsuit all the way to trial , turned out not to be an especially sympathetic defendant .
In recounting the case today , Davis went over the changing history of Thomas - Rasset 's testimony .
" Thomas ‐Rasset previously provided sworn interrogatory answers that there had never been any type of online media distribution on her computer in the three years before the Complaint was filed and that she did not contend that anyone else was responsible for the infringement , " he wrote .
" Despite never implicating others during her depositions or testimony in the previous trial , in this second trial , she suddenly leveled new accusations against her children and ex‐boyfriend , asserting that they might have committed the infringement .
Thomas ‐Rasset ’s refusal to accept responsibility for her actions and her decision to concoct a new theory of the infringement casting possible blame on her children and ex‐boyfriend for her actions demonstrate a refusal to accept responsibility and raise the need for strong deterrence . "
Later , he refers to the moment when " Thomas ‐ Rasset lied on the witness stand by denying responsibility for her infringing acts and , instead , blamed others , including her children , for her actions . "
Davis also notes that statutory damages , which range from $ 750 up to $ 150,000 per infringement in copyright cases , have both a deterrent and a compensatory purpose .
It 's no good to argue that a damage award is too high simply because it's higher than actual damages suffered ; that 's part of the point .
But there are limits , and $ 80,000 per song exceeded them .
" Although Plaintiffs were not required to prove their actual damages , statutory damages must still bear some relation to actual damages , " Davis wrote .
In his capacity as a judge , Davis is allowed to alter damage awards in some cases , though not verdicts .
( Update : a reader notes that , in some circumstances , a judge can in fact issue a new judgment at odds with the verdict . )
He chose to do so in this case by reducing the award to three times the minimum level of $ 750 , setting it at $ 2,250 per song .
This amount is still " significant and harsh " and is a " higher award than the Court might have chosen to impose in its sole discretion , but the decision was not entrusted to this Court . "
Instead , Davis simply reduced the jury award to the maximum reasonable level before it veered into " monstrous and shocking " territory .
Let the punishment fit the crime
He noted the difference between what Thomas - Rasset did and the commercial infringement the statutory damage laws were written to stop .
" In the case of individuals who infringe by using peer ‐to‐peer networks , the potential gain from infringement is access to free music , not the possibility of hundreds of thousands — or even millions — of dollars in profits , " he wrote .
" The need for deterrence cannot justify a $ 2 million verdict for stealing and illegally distributing 24 songs for the sole purpose of obtaining free music . "
Because of the Seventh Amendment 's guarantee to a trial by jury , Davis ' decision to change the damage award means the RIAA has to make a choice : it can accept the new $ 54,000 award or it can exercise its right to go back to a jury for a third full trial .
We asked the RIAA for comment , but the music trade group and its members will only say that they are weighing their options .
Davis has given them one week to decide .
WHEN Danny Green had Roy Jones
Jr on the ropes , the American having bravely fought back to his feet , he heard him groan .
The killer had the smell of blood .
Throughout his training camp , Green and trainer Angelo Hyder had been working on exactly the strategy that brought down Jones Jr last night .
Stalk him into the ropes , jab him low to bring down his hands , and then fire the overhand right .
Boxing blog : Log on at noon to discuss the fight
It landed right above Jones Jr's left ear and the American , one of the greatest ever , hit the canvas and flopped around like a hooked fish .
Green saw it , and one thought went through his mind .
" I thought , ' You know , this could be over ' , " Green said .
It was n't quite .
Jones
Jr rose to his feet , but he was gone .
He was all rubbery legs and went into protective mode - and here we saw the maturing of Danny Green .
He went patiently after Jones Jr , trying to bring down his hands before overwhelming him with a volley of punches .
He knew referee Howard Foster would be compelled to stop the fight .
" I knew he was in a lot of trouble , " Green said .
" He was groaning . "
Jones
Jr called it the old snake and hammer trick .
It worked as perfectly as Green and Hyder had hoped .
In winning last night 's fight , Green has cemented his place as the most exciting fighter in Australia .
Here for the first time in a long time , we have a fighter not only prepared to take risks but also one with the ability to make good on them .
Given the reputation of Jones , a certain Hall of Fame fighter , it was the greatest single performance in Australian boxing history .
Virtually a one - punch knockout in round one , who could have guessed .
Green 's best chance was always if he caught Jones clean on the chin .
It was exactly what he had trained for .
Then a night before the fight , he went to Acer Arena at exactly the time he would be fighting and looked around the stadium .
" It was empty , cold , quiet , " Green said .
The nerves began to bite at him .
He said : " This is good , this is healthy , this is what you should be going through .
This is positive , this is natural , this is what you have got to go through . "
Green knew what everybody had been saying , and he drew strength from all of it .
" There is positivity when you 've got that self belief that you can do what no one thinks you can do , " Green said .
" That 's why this victory is so much sweeter . "
While Jones Jr was last defeated by Welsh legend Joe Calzaghe , nobody had beaten him like last night .
Even the devastating knockouts to Americans Antonio Tarver and Glen Johnson paled compared to Green 's demolition .
Green did everything he planned .
He stalked Jones into the corner and , first time , allowed him to pop out behind his jab .
But he believed he was stronger than Jones and , after experiencing his jab , was quietly pleased that it was not as quick as he feared .
With that , his confidence grew .
His wife Nina had predicted a third - round knockout , but knowing her husband and watching how the fight began , she grabbed Green 's father Malcolm by the hand and said , " Greeny 's going to knock him out in the first round " .
Green later said that such was his respect for Jones that part of him felt bad at the result .
To see a legend on the canvas like that ...
" I do n't make excuses , it was a great performance by Danny , " Jones Jr said .
In the delirium that followed , Green said a thousand things , often taking them back .
The man of action had become a man of words .
In the moments before the fight , Green called his training team around him , the ones that had stuck by him throughout , and he thanked them all with a small speech .
Then he went out to make good on his final words .
" Let 's go light this city up . "
Originally published as Green shows fists of steel
Peter Biskind 's new biography of Warren Beatty , " Star : How Warren Beatty Seduced America , " has n't even hit bookstore shelves yet .
But it 's already caused an uproar after the New York Post started running some juicy excerpts from the book focusing on Topic A : Exactly how many women did the famous Hollywood lothario actually sleep with ?
According to Biskind , who caused a similar media maelstrom with his 1998 book , " Easy Riders , Raging Bulls " -- about the excesses of ' 60s filmmakers -- it was n't all that hard , based on " simple arithmetic , " to come up with a perfectly plausible guesstimate .
According to the Post , Biskind estimates the bedded - by - Beatty women figure at " 12,775 , give or take , a figure that does not include daytime quickies , drive - bys , casual gropings , stolen kisses and so on . "
( If anyone can offer a good definition of what might constitute a Warren Beatty " drive - by , " we 'd love to hear it . )
Biskind 's literary formula , judging from his previous books , is pretty simple , combining a shrewd analysis of the filmmaking process with salacious insider stories about sexual adventures and assorted misbehavior .
Judging from the Post excerpts , there is plenty of the latter .
One offers a glimpse of the young Beatty 's affair with Joan Collins , whom he took up with after dumping Jane Fonda .
Collins complained about Beatty 's insatiable sex drive .
As Biskind writes :
" One Sunday morning , exhausted , Collins stumbled out of bed .
Dragging on a forbidden cigarette , she said , ' I do n't think I can last much longer .
He never stops -- it must be all those vitamins he takes .
...
In a few years , I 'll be worn out . '
Later , a skeptic asked her if they really had sex seven times a day .
She replied , ' Maybe he did , but I just lay there . ' "
Needless to say , Beatty , now a happily married 72 - year - old pater familias , has n't been taking all of this lying down .
Hollywood super lawyer Bert Fields , acting on Beatty 's behalf , has popped up , loudly denying that Biskind 's book was authorized in any way by the veteran movie star .
( Not that anyone who has ever met Beatty would ever imagine in a million years that Beatty would ever authorize a tell - all book about his life . )
Still , Fields has worked up quite a head of steam , going on the offensive by telling the Huffington Post that " Mr. Biskind 's tedious and boring book ... contains many false assertions and purportedly quotes Mr. Beatty as saying things he never said . "
I have two thoughts on this whole issue .
First off , if Fields thinks that tossing out the words " tedious " and " boring " will stop people from trolling through the book , eager to soak up all the good , sexy tall tales , I suspect he is sorely underestimating the libido of the American nonfiction reader .
And secondly , if that 12,775 figure is correct , imagine how good the late NBA great Wilt Chamberlain must be feeling right now .
After all , it was Chamberlain who once famously boasted about having sex with 20,000 women .
If even Beatty can't top that mark , then Chamberlain 's bedded - by record , along with his career points scored totals , remain records that may never be broken .
Video Tutorial Archive ( versions prior to PageGate v9 and NotePager Pro prior to v5 )
( Newser ) – Not in the mood to get frisky tonight ?
Are you sure ?
A new study shows women may be turned on and not realize it — and the cause is linked to guilt .
Researchers who looked at 132 studies carried out over 40 years found that some women , though showing clear physical signs of arousal , did not report feeling sexually aroused .
Worse , this “ may be the norm for many women , ” the report says .
This can be attributed , in some cases , to women ’s “ sex guilt ” causing reluctance to admit arousal .
Men , on the other hand , had no similar problem — and this is an evolutionary advantage , allowing them more chances to reproduce , the Telegraph reports , citing a study in the Archives of Sexual Behavior journal .
( Read more female sexuality stories . )
Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee ’s hopes for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination have been dealt a major blow by his 9 - year - old decision to commute the sentence of Maurice Clemmons - the man suspected of killing four police officers near Seattle early Sunday .
“ It will be extremely damaging , ” said Diana Banister , a Washington - based publicist for Republican causes and candidates .
“ His GOP primary rivals will use it to their advantage against him . ”
Mr. Huckabee , who has led in some early polls for the Republican nomination , faced similar questions during the 2008 Iowa Republican caucuses over the case of Wayne DuMond , another Arkansas convict to whom he offered clemency in 1997 and who subsequently was convicted of murdering a woman in Missouri .
“ It will be the Republican version of the Willie Horton issue that GOP surrogates used against Massachusetts Gov. Michael Dukakis , the unsuccessful Democratic presidential candidate in 1988 , ” Ms. Banister said .
Mr. Dukakis ’ decision to furlough Horton , who committed rape and battery while free from prison , was prominently played up in ads by Vice President George H.W.
Bush on his way to a decisive victory in the 1988 campaign .
“ I ’ve always thought Huckabee is probably not a conservative , ” said New York - based Republican campaign consultant Jim McLaughlin .
“ Whether it ’s immigration , taxes or now this - he ’s shown really poor judgment . ”
Many conservative Web sites also have taken Mr. Huckabee to task in the wake of the Washington state slayings .
“ This is going to be extremely problematic for Gov. Huckabee , ” wrote RedState.com contributor Erick Erickson .
“ Of course , a lot of folks said [ DuMond ] was ‘ Mike Huckabee ’s Willie Horton . ’
How many Willie Hortons can one man have ? ” he asked .
Mr. Huckabee , in a statement issued Sunday , expressed sympathy for the victims and their families but deflected blame from his 2000 decision that expedited the release of Clemmons , who remained at large Monday despite a massive manhunt .
“ Should he be found to be responsible for this horrible tragedy , it will be the result of a series of failures in the criminal justice system in both Arkansas and Washington State , ” the statement said .
In a “ Fox News Sunday ” TV interview , the former Arkansas governor - who hosts his own show on Fox News Channel - sounded undecided whether to repeat his 2008 bid for the Republican nomination .
He said he was “ less likely ” to run in 2012 because he was enjoying hosting his television show .
In 2008 , Mr. Huckabee was the target of criticism from certain evangelical leaders , neoconservatives and traditional conservatives for what became known as his “ Wayne DuMond problem , ” as well as his suspect positions on such issues as Islamic terrorism , illegal immigration and taxes .
His forgiving nature and seemingly natural beneficence have come back to haunt him politically on more than one occasion .
Democrats have been content to let the press and Mr. Huckabee ’s conservative allies excoriate him .
“ The Democrats would love to see him as the Republicans nominee , ” said Bill Pascoe , a veteran Republican campaign operative for 20 years .
But , he added , the liberal , Democratic - leaning Huffington Post “ is killing him as we speak .
Somebody at Huffington will need commutation after this because they are committing political murder . ”
Mr. Pascoe said former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania , a Catholic and a favorite of evangelical voters , may be best positioned to benefit from Mr. Huckabee ’s latest political woes .
“ A Santorum bid , were it to take place , would be premised on a strong showing in Iowa , where evangelicals are big , ” he said .
“ In any event , the Democratic National Committee will want to see Huckabee as nominee and then do a Willie Horton on him . ”
One problem for Mr. Huckabee is that he commuted Clemmons ’ sentence , according to the Seattle Times , “ over the protests of prosecutors . ”
Mr. Huckabee argued that Clemmons , in getting authorities to commute his original sentence , became eligible for parole , which the parole board then granted him .
Even when the authorities later arrested him for parole violations and reincarcerated him for what was to be his full term , prosecutors elected to drop the very charges for which he was being held .
Clemmons also had been jailed on a child - rape charge in Washington but reportedly was released on bond a week ago .
Mr. Huckabee argued that Clemmons , despite demonstrating criminal and psychotic behavior , was not locked up by either state .
The political damage , combined with the lingering fallout from the DuMond case , already may have been done .
Last year , many on the right made life difficult for Mr. Huckabee on a series of issues .
Conservatives complained that , as Arkansas governor from 1996 to 2007 , he presided over one of the largest tax increases the state had seen .
But the folksy style of the ordained Southern Baptist minister has also proved potent on the stump , and he finished second to eventual Republican nominee Sen.
John McCain in the race for delegates in 2008 .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Last updated on : December 06 , 2009 13:55 IST
I ndia became the number one team in the ICC Test rankings after they spanked Sri Lanka by an innings and 24 runs in the third and final Test to clinch the three - match series 2 - 0 .
Needing just four wickets to register an emphatic victory , the hosts took just 7.4 overs and 35 minutes on the final day to polish off the visiting team 's tail and post their second consecutive innings victory .
Resuming at 274 for six , the Sri Lankans lost their heroic captain Kumar Sangakkara ( 137 ) in the day 's first over and were bundled out for 309 .
Zaheer Khan was the pick of the Indian bowlers with figures of 5 for 72 .
It was also India 's 101st Test victory and their fifth at the Brabourne in 18 matches .
The Sunday crowd at the stadium , hosting a Test match after a gap of 36 years , witnessed the historic moment as Mahendra Singh Dhoni and his men crowned themselves the number one Test team .
The crowd erupted into a frenzy as Muttiah Muralitharan edged a flighted delivery from Harbhajan Singh to Dhoni to bring down curtains on the Lankan innings .
The Indian players hugged each other and a beaming coach Gary Kirsten greeted them as they returned to the pavilion .
The teams will now gear up for two Twenty20 matches , in Nagpur and Mohali , followed by a five - match one - day series which begins at Rajkot from December 15 .
India is only the third team after Australia and South Africa to surge to the top of the ladder since the Test Championship was introduced in May 2001 .
India started the series in third place on 119 ratings points , trailing top - ranked South Africa by three ratings points .
But victories by an innings and 144 runs in Kanpur and an innings and 24 runs in Mumbai earned Dhoni 's side the much - needed five ratings points that gave them the number one position .
The 2 - 0 series win also means India will finish 2009 as the number one - ranked side after starting the year in third place , behind Australia and South Africa .
Although Australia 's ongoing series against the West Indies will conclude before the year ends , even a 3 - 0 clean sweep will not be enough for Ricky Ponting 's side to challenge India 's top spot .
South Africa , who had gone top of the Test rankings in August , after Australia lost the Ashes to England , will have an opportunity to regain its position when it goes head - to - head with England later this month in a four - Test series .
A series win by 2 - 0 or better will give Graeme Smith 's side its number - one spot back , but anything less will result in an increase to India 's lead .
The number one ranking in the most challenging and demanding format of the game should bring smiles on the faces of India players and its millions of supporters as Dhoni 's side had missed out on an excellent opportunity last month to topple Australia from the top spot .
While the 2 - 0 success put India on top of the world , the defeat dropped Sri Lanka from second place to fourth spot in the Test Championship table , which is only updated at the end of a series .
Join us in congratulating Team India , which has n't lost a Test series since August 2008 in Sri Lanka .
( Note to boss : Maybe we should have a columnist based in Costa Rica ? )
What sets Costa Rica apart is its remarkable decision in 1949 to dissolve its armed forces and invest instead in education .
Increased schooling created a more stable society , less prone to the conflicts that have raged elsewhere in Central America .
Education also boosted the economy , enabling the country to become a major exporter of computer chips and improving English - language skills so as to attract American eco-tourists .
I ’m not antimilitary .
But the evidence is strong that education is often a far better investment than artillery .
In Costa Rica , rising education levels also fostered impressive gender equality so that it ranks higher than the United States in the World Economic Forum gender gap index .
This allows Costa Rica to use its female population more productively than is true in most of the region .
Likewise , education nurtured improvements in health care , with life expectancy now about the same as in the United States  a bit longer in some data sets , a bit shorter in others .
Rising education levels also led the country to preserve its lush environment as an economic asset .
Costa Rica is an ecological pioneer , introducing a carbon tax in 1997 .
The Environmental Performance Index , a collaboration of Yale and Columbia Universities , ranks Costa Rica at No. 5 in the world , the best outside Europe .
This emphasis on the environment has n’t sabotaged Costa Rica ’s economy but has bolstered it .
Indeed , Costa Rica is one of the few countries that is seeing migration from the United States : Yankees are moving here to enjoy a low - cost retirement .
My hunch is that in 25 years , we ’ll see large numbers of English - speaking retirement communities along the Costa Rican coast .
Latin countries generally do well in happiness surveys .
Mexico and Colombia rank higher than the United States in self - reported contentment .
Perhaps one reason is a cultural emphasis on family and friends , on social capital over financial capital  but then again , Mexicans sometimes slip into the United States , presumably in pursuit of both happiness and assets .
Cross-country comparisons of happiness are controversial and uncertain .
But what does seem quite clear is that Costa Rica ’s national decision to invest in education rather than arms has paid rich dividends .
Maybe the lesson for the United States is that we should devote fewer resources to shoring up foreign armies and more to bolstering schools both at home and abroad .
In the meantime , I encourage you to conduct your own research in Costa Rica , exploring those magnificent beaches or admiring those slothful sloths .
It ’ll surely make you happy .
A short bibliography of probability monads
Several people helpfully wrote to me to provide references to earlier work on probability distribution monads .
Here is a summary :
I did not imagine that my idea was a new one .
I arrived at it by thinking about List as a representation of non-deterministic computation .
But if you think of it that way , the natural interpretation is that every list element represents an equally likely outcome , and so annotating the list elements with probabilities is the obvious next step .
So the existence of the Erwig library was not a big surprise .
A little more surprising though , were the references in the Erwig paper .
Specifically , the idea dates back to at least 1981 ; Erwig cites a paper that describes the probability monad in a pure - mathematics context .
Nobody responded to my taunting complaint about Haskell 's failure to provide support a good monad of sets .
It may be that this is because they all agree with me .
( For example , the documentation of the Erwig package says " Unfortunately we cannot use a more efficient data structure because the key type must be of class Ord , but the Monad class does not allow constraints for result types . " )
But a number of years ago I said that the C++ macro processor blows goat dick .
I would not have put it so strongly had I not naïvely believed that this was a universally - held opinion .
But no , plenty of hapless C++ programmers wrote me indignant messages defending their macro system .
So my being right is no guarantee that language partisans will not dispute with me , and the Haskell community 's failure to do so in this case reflects well on them , I think .
[ Other articles in category / prog / haskell ] permanent link
Part one is going to be primarily lessons that stick close to the book and the original thesis of the book .
I wo n't do this as an actual book review , but I 'll say this : whether you buy or borrow it , it 's a great book .
Some of the stories are undoubtedly familiar to readers of his columns , but he turns it into a full thesis that ties together a lot of somewhat disparate stories and points from many areas around the world .
Part two will diverge a bit ( whenever I get around to it ) and it will focus more on connections between ideas he advanced or noted and other issues that are not directly related to the book .
I 'm also going to skip over his discussion of whether Islam is by its nature misogynistic , since I do n't feel qualified to fully discuss it .
And , on with the lessons :
With some exceptions , empowering women does seem to be very effective in combating poverty .
Empowering women can come in many forms .
Access to education , access to microloans through organizations such as kiva ( seriously , if you can afford to and have not done so , set up an account at Kiva .
It pays for itself . ) , access to proper family planning , etc , are all great ways to combat poverty and empower women .
He includes many examples of women who overcame abusive husbands and social stigmas to become community leaders , etc .
Effective organizations are almost universally ones that understand the local cultures and work from the bottom up .
He includes many examples to show this .
For instance , towards the end he has a chapter on female genital cutting .
Legislating against it and putting political pressure on countries was not effective , but one woman came in and set up quid pro quo contracts between villages where the entire village agreed to end the practice .
This was far more effective , and to date over 2500 villages have agreed - and exploratory projects are being extended to other countries , based on this one woman 's idea .
Education works !
This seems so simple , yet it 's so profound .
My favorite example is where he relates a story that probably is familiar to his column fans , where he wrote several years ago about a girl in rural China who was about to drop out of school because she could n't afford the modest ( ~$ 100 ) tuition .
A reader sent a donation to the school of $ 10,000 , which the school then used to upgrade everything , to give free tuition , and otherwise dramatically transformed the school .
Kristof sent a " thank you " letter to the man , who then noted that he only sent $ 100 .
As it turns out , his bank goofed and sent 100 x the intended amount .
In a perfect case of a " happy accident " , the bank allowed the school to keep the $ $ , and furthermore , the girl is now in an excellent job and the school is thriving - all because of one accidentally supersized donation .
Aid is complex , and the law of unintended consequences is powerful .
But this does n't mean to stop giving .
For instance , poor girls in Africa in many areas have been given the financial means to go back to school throughout high school .
But , many still drop out , due to concerns that many , especially men , do n't think about .
Two concerns that often have to be dealt with are helping girls deal with their periods , so they do n't miss school or drop out during their period , and an even more serious problem of teachers trading grades for sex .
Both of these problems can be difficult to combat , but keeping point 2 in mind ( ground up works better than top down ) , they can be solved - and even better , good aid organizations can keep these considerations in mind .
Combat fistulas .
The surgery is relatively inexpensive and straightforward ; however , women who suffer one during childbirth are basically ostracized and become outcasts because of the effects .
Check out charities at charity navigator or similar sites .
These are great resources in order to check to make sure your $ is making a difference .
Conservatives and liberals both have a lot to offer to the aid arena , and by being distrustful of each other a lot of good goes undone .
For instance , conservative christians tend to be better about giving to charity than many others , but the restrictions they often place on the aid can be counterproductive .
On the ground in Africa , a plurality of western aid organizations are Christian .
Similarly , Kristof and WuDunn are perfectly willing to point out where liberals and conservatives have their " institutional faults " .
Perhaps the harshest single sentence in the book is one they borrow from another writer - the sentiment that the last decade was " a lost decade " in the poverty fight in much of the world , in part due to ideological constraints on aid .
There are many more small lessons to be learned , but I think this is a good overview .
I highly recommend the read , and at the end he starts talking about how people can make a difference themselves .
They also note towards the end that to empower women is n't meant to completely ignore men - rather , it 's an effective means of aid which still needs to be put into proper context for the areas .
They note some of the charities they give to , but they include many more and I do n't think they are showing favI 've included a couple of the points already , but it really boils down to :
a . Make a commitment to giving
b. Check out the charities on Charity Navigator or elsewhere
c. Give !
Part two at some point ...
Clutchy Hopkins is a mystery wrapped in an enigma , covered in tape hiss , and deep - fried in a pot of melted funk .
Clutchy Hopkins is the son of a Motown recording engineer .
As a young man , Clutchy traveled the globe exploring exotic music , rhythms , and mysticism .
He worked at recording studios in Bombay to Cairo and studied musical techniques of the Cahuilla Indians , Rinzai Zen monks in Japan , and tribal drummers in Ethiopia .
Returning to the U.S. in the ’90s , Clutchy worked as a session musician on obscure funk and jazz records ; he was rumored to have collaborated with Moondog .
Clut … read more
A new estimate of the feedback between temperature and atmospheric carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) concentration has been derived from a comprehensive comparison of temperature and CO 2 records spanning the past millennium .
The result , which is based on more than 200,000 individual comparisons , implies that the amplification of current global warming by carbon - cycle feedback will be significantly less than recent work has suggested .
Climate warming causes many changes in the global carbon cycle , with the net effect generally considered to be an increase in atmospheric CO 2 with increasing temperature -- in other words , a positive feedback between temperature and CO 2 .
Uncertainty in the magnitude of this feedback has led to a wide range in projections of current global warming : about 40 % of the uncertainty in these projections comes from this source .
Recent attempts to quantify the feedback by examining the co-variation of pre-industrial climate and CO 2 records yielded estimates of about 40 parts per million by volume ( p.p.m.v. ) CO 2 per degree Celsius , which would imply significant amplification of current warming trends .
In this week 's Nature , David Frank and colleagues extend this empirical approach by comparing nine global - scale temperature reconstructions with CO 2 data from three Antarctic ice cores over the period ad 1050 - 1800 .
The authors derive a likely range for the feedback strength of 1.7-21.4 p.p.m.v.
CO 2 per degree Celsius , with a median value of 7.7 .
UNICEF Haïti
Découvrez les actions menées par l'UNICEF pour défendre les droits des enfants et protéger la vie de chacun d'entre eux .
IN the digital age , filing income tax returns should be a snap .
The important data from employers and financial institutions have already been sent to the government ’s computers .
Yet taxpayers are still required to perform the anachronistic chore of preparing a return from scratch .
And , in many cases , they pay a software company for the privilege .
Requiring taxpayers to file returns without being told what the government already knows makes as much sense “ as if Visa sent customers a blank piece of paper , requiring that they assemble their receipts , list their purchases  and pay a fine if they forget one , ” said Joseph Bankman , a professor at the Stanford Law School .
Many developed countries now offer taxpayers a return containing all information collected by the taxing authority  to “ get the ball rolling by telling you what it knows , ” Mr. Bankman says .
It ’s a stunningly reasonable idea .
When you prepare your return , why ca n’t you first download whatever data the Internal Revenue Service has received about you and , if your return is simple , learn what the I.R.S. ’s calculation of your taxes would be ?
You ’d have the chance to check whether the information was accurate , correct it as needed and add any pertinent details  that you ’re newly married , for example , or have a new child  before sending it .
Far better to discover problems early with the I.R.S. , whose say matters more than third - party software ’s best guess .
Top 50 Anime Series of the Decade December 4 , 2009
This decade is a very meaningful one for my anime fandom .
I started watching anime several years ago so naturally , vast majority of shows I have consumed were products of this decade .
And as much as I enjoy writing and reading about anime , ultimately my fandom is defined by my favourite titles , which inspire and move me to write about them in the first place .
So to celebrate and remember this , here is my top 50 anime series that aired at some point between year 2000 and 2009 .
This list is not objective / thorough recommendation of best anime series of the decade , it is simply for my personal list of vaguely ranked favourite titles to be remembered .
It is expected that I may not have watched your favourite anime , I may like anime you hate , and even possible that I may not like your favourite anime in the exact order you prefer .
If you are open minded enough to accept this simple enough concept , then I hope you enjoy the read and maybe find some anime you might like .
Please note that this post is over 4000 words and 50 screenshots , so feel free to read only what you ’re interested in .
—
50 . Ergo Proxy – Ergo Proxy gets a lot of flak for being pretentious and I can offer no defense for it .
What sold Ergo Proxy for me however was n’t its philosophical nonsense , it was innovative direction of stand - alone episodes sitting within main plot .
These episodes are truly outstanding in their unconventional methods of directing , simply brilliant examples of film - making in animated form .
If you prefer atmospheric and artsy directions over solid writings and characters , give Ergo Proxy a try .
49 . Tweeny Witches – Tweeny Witches is one of the most imaginative and enthralling children ’s anime you will find .
No doubt some will leave disappointed by how simple and childish it turn out to be .
I ask only to loosen that pessimistic outlooks we develop as adults before hopping on Alice ’s broomstick , and look around with more whimsical and innocent sight .
There is genuine feeling under that childish simplicity .
There is unfaltering light beckoning behind Alice ’s naive smile .
And there is magic .
Enjoy the adventure and all its wonders .
48 . My - Hime – Although lacking as a whole product , there are key moments where My - Hime simply breathes of creative fire .
Sometimes the animation and other technical elements can be so good , the screen gleefully dance in flames of energy .
Very few anime can boast as much of excitement and intensity as My - Hime ‘s best moments , and I am sure to revisit them again for thrills .
47 . Kanon 2006 –
The stories of Kanon 2006 sings is like a melody in Pachelbel ’s Kanon .
Each melody is sad , like a girl hopelessly trying to reach out for someone , but also hopeful for precious promises we make .
Each melody repeats itself with varying tone , different pitch , different feeling .
And each melody comes together as a beautiful orchestra of touching stories of the girls and their promises .
Its beauty lies not only in each individual melodies but in how they are all linked together to produce more wholesome , heart - warming music .
46 . Natsume Yuujinchou – Aesthetics of Natsume Yuujinchou is as pleasantly subdued as its story - telling , which can be like a refreshing breeze in summer heat , or the warmth of a hug in winter .
Simple , funny , soothing and heart - warming .
Such are the appeals of this wonderfully healing anime .
45 . Ef ~ tale of memories – I have no fond of moe or melodrama .
Yet I want to recommend ef ~ tale of memories to anyone who can appreciate anime as a medium capable of great artistry and story - telling .
Innovative cinematography , engaging narrative flow , evocative symbolisms and Tenmon ’s heartfelt music ; these are the wings that elevate ef from the ruins of failed melodramas to soaring emotional flight .
44 . Oh !
Edo R0cket – Going to the moon by building rockets in Tenpou era ?
Sounds ridiculous does n’t it .
That ’s because it is and the show knows it .
Filled with self - awareness , humour and wit , Oh !
Edo Rocket never misses a chance making fun of its own historical inaccuracies , as well as the idiocy of 2D drawn figures trying to be more than what they are ; endearing characters in a beautiful story of hope and love .
Funny thing is that we do fall for these characters by the end due to the kind of characterisation rarely seen in comedy series , and we ca n’t help but root for their hilarious attempt to reach the moon .
Now that ’s rocket science of storytelling .
43 . Code Geass –
There is little denying the sheer entertainment value of this unstoppable train .
And what an exciting experience this was for me as anime fan !
Sometimes speculating about future events , making fun of its ridiculous nature , or in my case , shipping CC x Lelouch and defending ‘ HE IS ALIVE ’ theory to the end .
Although it is n’t going to win any award in my book , Code Geass offers an immensely fun and memorable experience for everyone .
42 . Nodame Cantabile –
How one ’s life turns out arguably depends on one ’s encounters with people .
Although memories can imprison us , there is still hope of change through encounter .
This is a humorous and well - crafted prelude to these two great musicians ’ tale , a series of touching encounters and circumstances we will remember as Nodame Cantabile .
41 . Kemonozume – “ Neurotic , chaotic and everything in between , Kemonozume does n’t simply break the conventional anime mold ; it takes a sledge hammer and shatters it .
Half of my brain is wondering what the hell I just saw .
The other half can only think of one word : genius ” .
– Shadowmage
40 . FMP : Fumoffu ! –
While I am not the biggest fan of Full Metal Panic franchise , FMP : Fumoffu ! is an absolutely hilarious addition to anime comedy genre .
Although not exactly high - brow , I highly recommend it to anyone looking to kill themselves with laughter .
As well as delicious fanservice .
39 . Ouran High School Host Club –
What impressed me the most about this little gem was its artistry .
Art and animation here are free , ready to deform at any minute and materialising itself in wildly imaginative ways in order to bring humour and characteristics of what could be conceived as clichéd situations .
Sprinkle an ounce of self - awareness with a pinch of emotional touch , and you have one comedy concoction that will please just about anyone .
38 . Samurai Champloo –
What an incredibly seamless fusion of Edo- period Japanese and modern hip hop culture !
Whether it be breakdancing sword fights or exercising unique blend of graffiti and caligraphy , Watanabe Shinichi has not once failed to cook up something deliciously hilarious , stylish , enthralling and surprising each episode .
Although lacking emotional and philosophical depth of Cowboy Bebop , one can not ask for more from such a harmlessly funny and exciting entertainment .
37 . Red Garden – Red Garden boasts some of the best voice direction in anime .
Recordings were done prior to animation to allow voice actors to freely express character ’s raw emotional states , and oh does it show when their words cuts like a knife .
Add to this elegant character designs , quirky animated expressions and atmospheric direction by Kou Matsuo ( Kure - nai ) , Red Garden is the place to visit for a quality dose of feminine melodrama .
36 . The Melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi – A marvel of both ground - breaking ideas and flawless execution .
Not only did it consistently surprise us week after week with the unexpected , it not once failed to carry superbly with the highest degree of animation and directing quality , whether it be fighting a giant cricket in alternate dimension , or being blown away by the best animated musical performance ever .
35 . Higurashi no Naku Koro ni – Higurashi is a fascinating mix of opposing elements .
There is light - hearted joy in irresistably adorable smiles of girls , but underneath that crawls malicious suspense and horror .
There exists supernatural forces , yet the bloody hands of each murder are all very human .
The characters want to believe and depend on each other , but they become demons by succumbing to doubts and malignant intents .
Between what is magical and real , cute and frightening , and their will to believe and deceive , what is left is that inexplicable sense of impending doom at hearing a cicada ’s cry admist the sunset .
34 . Baccano ! – Watching Baccano ! is like setting a pack of dynamite on fire .
We are at first introduced to a fantastic cast of the most unusual and bizarre quirks and personalities , mostly unrelated to each other .
But their roads become intertwined , and there is that indescribable sense of thrill , suspense and anticipation at watching different plots advancing towards one big explosive finale .
If you enjoyed Guy Ritchie ’s Snatch ! , then this is one dynamite entertainment you do n’t want to miss .
33 . Toward the Terra – A painfully underrated space opera .
Not only does Toward the Terra feature some of the best visual designs , the characters are as immense and endearing as its relentlessly propagating plot .
A timeless epic that is sure to inspire and move anyone who stumbles upon it , for many decades to come .
32 . Gunslinger Girl –
If only every ‘ girls with guns ’ series was as mature and well - written as this .
When introduced to the girls brainwashed and trained to assassinate without second thought , we ca n’t help but feel sorry for their cruel fate .
And yet , also glad for their opportunity to savour happiness in playing violin , playing with dolls , eating gelatos , and just enjoying life as pure as young girls should .
Such is the melancholic beauty of Gunslinger Girls .
31 . Princess Tutu –
Under the fine delicacy of Princess Tutu you will find astoundingly daring approaches to break standard conventions .
What you will see is truly greater and more genuine than any girl - meets - prince story you ’ve seen .
I only wish that you can also experience the inexplicable delight of watching Tutu remain true to herself by dancing with her own strengths , which was infinitely more beautiful than any fancy magic or costume .
After all , not every duck has to become a swan through magic , be it fairy tales or anime .
30 . Ghost in the Shell : Stand Alone Complex – Although not as exhausting and intense as Oshii ’s movies , one still has to earn the right to appreciate GITS : SAC by being attentive to heavy dialogues and political intrigue .
Once you jump over the hurdles though , you will be treated to a wealth of creativity and intelligence of Cyberpunk genre , as well as empathetic characters of the second season ( 2nd GIG ) .
29 . Mouryou no Hakko –
This series could not have picked a better title than Mouryou no Hakko ( Goblin ’s box ) .
Its mystery can initially seem like a goblin - like entity , because anything we fear and do n’t understand tends to appear supernatural .
As we follow different stories written inside the boxed perspectives of each character , we actually become more lost and deceived by this intricately web of heterogenously mingled plots !
The web is untangled one by one in the end , as each opened box reveals a truth more horrifying and disturbing than the last .
A masterfully crafted mystery that will blow your mind .
28 . Paranoia Agent –
The premise of Paranoia Agent is fascinating in that it explores prevalent social issues present in today ’s insecure and xenophobic Japanese society .
And Satoshi Kon uses his renowned art of stepping in and out of reality / dream to paint horrifyingly vivid psychological visions of stress and the ways in which people want to free themselves from such paranoia .
It ’s a minor miracle that a man like Satoshi Kon even got to direct a TV series and it will be foolish not to indulge ourselves by watching Paranoia Agent .
27 . Denou Coil – Possibly the most mature children ’s anime you will find , Dennou Coil is cute , funny , charming but also surprisingly intense and dramatic .
It has the emotional depth that is rarely seen in children ’s anime , if ever , and I wholeheartedly recommend what is surely one of the finest animated production of this decade .
26 . Gungrave –
The portrayal of friendship and brotherhood in Gungrave is perhaps the most beautiful one in the animated medium .
Between your ambitions , friends and families , which will you choose ?
Which are you willing to forsake to protect what you value the most ?
What endures at the end is that eternally lasting friendship , stronger than any metal and more beautiful than any flower in the world .
This is The Godfather of anime and I can not recommend it enough .
25 . Fantastic Children – Astroboy - like designs , soundtracks evocative of 80’s , classic narrative style and animated by the veterans of Nippon Animation studio , Fantastic Children is one fine trip down to old school animation .
The fact that a story as epic as this went unnoticed by many is a tragic shame , since one rarely gets to encounter a story and characters as gripping as those in Fantastic Children .
24 . Bokura Ga Ita –
As you can tell from my list , I do n’t like romance anime .
Well , most of them anyway .
Bokura Ga Ita was different .
At first , like one of the characters , it was hard to feel for a girl who would still date a guy that beats her , cheats on her and stand her up .
But maybe there is no need to know why you truly love someone , just as there is no reason to know why coffee is warm to enjoy its warmth .
And boy did this romance know how to make me feel warm inside .
23 . Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei – Chaotic would be an apt description of this outrageous comedy series .
Do note that chaos is not randomness , it ’s just that the comedy of Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei is so biting in black humour and relentless in pacing , it ’s almost impossible to look at it with any semblance of order .
Surely not for everyone , nevertheless it is easily my favourite comedy series of the decade .
22 . Simoun – Aside from its complexity and depth , as well as some of the best designs , music and voice acting you will ever see in anime , it is also a mature look at Yuri in relation to our purity of adolscence .
When these girls fly and draw beautiful lines in the sky , they are liberated from rules and obligations , and there is beauty to be found in their rebellious defiance , but also feelings that are honest and uncompromising .
Simoun is , in a word , mystifying , and very few are as enchanting as its enigmatic world .
21 . Casshern Sins – “ Casshern Sins is visual poetry ; evocative ; melancholy ; beautiful .
This is when words are insufficient , it simply must be seen .
Like ballet or wuxia , as if on stage , these characters spin , twist and jump , towards and around each other , every movement an indirect , evocative step forward , like feathers carried by winds of fate , blown across red pools and rocky desolation , secretly dancing to the soundtrack , transfixed by an insatiable desire to understand the other .
It is emotion in action , confused , joyful , elegant . ” – bateszi
20 . Banner of the Stars – This sequel to one of the greatest space opera series ( Crest of the Stars ) has lost none of its charms .
Subtlety governs just about everything here , including character interactions , humour , space battles and even fanservice .
Banner of the Stars find it crass in explicit display of brutally butchered soldiers screaming horribly in pain , it much prefers to let silent cries of lost souls resonate under the quiet surface , ever so softly , but with a resounding ring of longetivity .
Classy , philosophical , but not without its own share of witty humour and heated conflicts , the Stars Trilogy is a must - see for every fans of space opera .
19 . BECK : Mongolion Chop Squad – Although a little unpolished in visual and engrish department , no anime can rock as hard as BECK can when it comes to a coming - of - age story ( aside from FLCL ) .
Pleasantly surprised you may be when treated to a number of electrifying performances , BECK ‘s forte is still characters , and the show never misses a beat developing them to their fullest .
You will learn to get annoyed with them , but also like them , love them as they grow , and rock with them harder than ever before .
18 . Hataraki Man – A career can mean many things for different people .
Sometimes a passion , sometimes a burden , and maybe bit of both .
Hataraki Man thoroughly explores a fascinating microcosm of working people in Japanese society , giving generous amount of screen time to every single characters to capture their unique quirks , personalities , histories and most importantly , their perspectives and decisions regarding their work and life .
And with consistently solid animation , flawless narrative flow and the level of maturity and sophistication rarely found in anime , one could not ask for more from this absolutely brilliant silce - of - life series .
17 . Shigurui – Violent manga - to - anime adaptations are rarely better than its predecessor , simply because the animated violence can almost never triumph over the meticulously painted scenes we envision in manga .
Shigurui is a miraculous exception to this in that the Madhouse studio managed to breathe life into the repulsive , yet absolutely captivating world of cruelty without losing an ounce of the original ’s vigour .
Shigurui sings song of merciless brutality , but does it with a voice of an alluring siren , and any hard - seasoned viewers sturdy enough to stomach gratuitous gore will be treated to an enrapturing symphony of disgust and pleasure .
16 . Koi Kaze –
The very premise of Koi Kaze is outrageous .
How can you seriously expect anyone to swallow a romantic relationship between a 27 year - old salaryman and his 14 year - old sister ?
You do n’t have to swallow it because Koi Kaze makes no statement .
Does n’t endorse nor condemn incest in modern society .
There is only sense of desire and longing ; of feelings that are beautifully transcendent , and woefully temporal .
It saddens me to know that no anime like Koi Kaze will ever be produced for another decade or two .
15 . Boogiepop Phantom – Forget the complexity of Evangelion or FLCL .
With a timeline randomly jumping ten times each episode and nameless characters looking pretty much the same , this is by far the most difficult and demanding viewing one will likely encounter in anime .
Beneath this enigmatic puzzle however remains grim tales of defeated hope and tainted innocence , as well as that fleeting desire to escape reality , and be lost in blissful memories of the past .
Boogiepop Phantom is a confusing puzzle of haunting beauty that is sure to be treasured for many sturdy viewers .
14 . The Twelve Kingdoms – One thing The Twelve Kingdoms excels over Serei no Moribito is its clear sense of direction and organisation , which brings together all the subplots and orchestrates them in an explosively dramatic finale .
Sadly The Twelve Kingdoms still remains an unfinished masterpiece .
It ’s promising second arc was suddenly dropped and never picked up again , while its final arc pales in comparison to its previous arcs .
Nevertheless , the first arc is an incredible character - driven journey of our heroine ’s rise to leadership , while the third arc is an epic building of this compelling world as well as its fantastic characters .
Perhaps its fictional world was always to be fragmented like Coleridge ’s Kubla Khan , forever left unfinished , yet never to be forgotten once we do enter it .
13 . Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann – Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann is very much like a drill .
It starts out small , yet eventually spiraling out into something much more epic in scope and intensity .
What ’s even more impressive is its ability to capture a non-mecha fan like me , who usually complains about ridiculous plot holes and transformations , to vigorously kick reason to the curb and lose myself in the thrill of watching Simon and his friends beating the impossible .
Animated by stylish Hiroyuki Imaishi ( FLCL , Dead Leaves ) and written by Kazuki Nakashima ( award - winning playwright ) , TTGL has power of the drills that pierces through logic and strike at our heart , shouting blood - boiling cries of who the hell do you think we are .
12 . Kino ’s Journey – Kino ’s Journey is less of a criticism and more of a tribute to human imperfections .
Some things in this world , like massacring a group of innocent people for sport , are repulsively ugly .
But the world is beautiful because of it , for if the children they gave birth to and held in their arms were n’t precious enough , would they have willingly killed all those innocent people for the children ’s sake ?
Such is the beautifully grim nature of Kino ’s Journey , utterly thought - provoking and enchanting journey into celebrating our imperfections .
11 . Kaiba – Franz Liszt once described Beethoven ’s delicate second movement of Moonlight Sonata as a ‘ flower between two chasms ’ , which sat between its haunting first and relentless third .
One gets a similar melancholic impression from Kaiba in that , despite all the depressing aspects of this futuristic world stripped off its humanity , we still find tiny sparkles of hope driving the series .
Finding warmth and light at the edge of coldest and darkest places , watching Kaiba is a pleasure more than divine .
10 . Aria –
No anime can heal like Aria can .
Serene , joyful and impossibly cute , it is a bliss to find beauty in even the most trivial things through Akari ’s aqua - tinted lense .
It ’s too easy to become cynical in our real life , if only more people could visit Aqua and learn to appreciate tiny wonders around us .
Now would n’t that make our world a brighter place to live .
9. MONSTER – Like a fine wine , the beauty of Monster lies in slowly savouring every moment of its deliberately sluggish narrative flow .
Caring efforts are given to build up suspense , intrigue and terrifying revelations in each side story , but the series never loses its focus , for every mystery threads are weaved meticulously together in an explosive finale .
MONSTER is a truly fitting title for this uncompromising beast , for we are rendered helpless at the mercy of its unbearable atmosphere , and the terror of its psychological drama .
8. Gankutsuou – A novel - to - anime adaptation of the highest distinction .
It re-wrote half the content of Duma ’s timeless classic , re-worked the setting of 18th century Europe into futuristic world of aliens and spaceships … and still came out absolute winner .
A majestic amalgam of sheer ambition , innovation , visual ingenuity and technical brilliance .
Give in yourself to the majestic flight of imagination it takes , inviting you to a visually and emotionally enthralling ride of something different and more refreshing to the novel .
Gankutsuou is a monumental proof that adaptations are n’t always doomed to be cast as fading shadows .
7. Mushishi – To watch Mushishi is to drift into lucid dream .
The world is rendered strange and bizarre , yet everything feels so beautifully integrated as a whole , it can not be described as anything other than sublime .
Mushishi talks of abstract and surreal , yet we take them to our heart and leave mystified and enlightened .
There is not a sense of ourselves watching this dream so much as ourselves in the dream .
When we do wake up , there is only longing for return .
And why not , Mushishi is the most absorbing and gratifying dream one will likely have .
6. Infinite Ryvius – Lord of the Flies of anime , only better .
An incredibly intelligent and detailed look at the limitations of different political systems in the time of crisis , and although not as thoughtful as that depicted in Legend of the Galactic Heroes ( which is impossible anyway ) , what is truly commending is its remarkable ability to capture fear , desperation , malice as well as hope of characters struggling to survive at the brink of demise .
In a sense , Infinite Ryvius is an antithesis of Bokurano because nobody is willing to die , and the series sets this desperate search for hope into soaring emotional flight .
Truly one of the most dramatic and intelligent anime one will find .
5. Mononoke –
What a truly menacing beast of visual phantasmagoria !
Boasting colours and textures so rich one might as well feel the series with eyes .
Mononoke has undoubtedly the most uniquely beautiful designs and engrossing art direction of this decade , and its masterfully crafted mystery will crawl inside your skins , inch by inch , before the terrifying truth materialises itself tearing you apart limb by limb .
Blissfully affecting as it is beautiful , Mononoke is this decade ’s greatest truimph for aesthetics in anime .
I am sure to hold this gem precious for many years to come .
4. Haibane Renmei – Haibane Renmei is an enigma .
There is no finding out what ’s behind the Wall , and no hints are given about the nature of haibane or the origin of just about everything in this perplexing world .
These questions do not need answering however , for Haibane Renmei sings of wisdom and beauty too elusive and immense for our comprehension .
A truly special place is Haibne Renmei , where we can spend an eternity swimming in a pool of thoughts , or losing ourselves in its rejuvenating warmth .
3. Planetes – Planetes is nothing short of masterpiece , it ’s just so incredibly written and directed .
What I loved the most about it was its mature , intelligent and emotional approach to the theme of love and understanding .
In one scene , a scientist looks at the earth and shed his tears at remembering his country ravaged by civil war .
“ All we can see is earth , and even when you ca n’t see any borders from here … ” .
Perhaps more people need to look at earth from the above , because the truth is we are all connected together , and the only universal language that connects us together is love .
Planetes is one of very few stories to actually make me feel that way .
2. Honey and Clover – One could spend an entire evening trying to find a four - leafed clover with friends without success .
And the characters in the series struggle and run , defeated from broken relationships and mistakes that ca n’t be undone .
It ’s painful to watch .
And yet there was meaning to searching for that special clover , fleeting moments that are as elusive as they are beautiful .
Watching Honey and Clover is to discover layers upon layers of overflowing affections , to know that there was meaning to all those unrequited love and failed endeavours right here .
All you can do is cry your heart out , bite the sandwhich , and savour it all with its bittersweetness .
1. Now and Then Here and There – The lesser I say about this series the better .
One only needs to experience it .
What I do want to note is that there is a shot of orange sunset that is absolutely beautiful .
What a lovely scenary it would have been , if I did not know the sufferings it concealed .
This is an adventure of a boy transfigured into horrors and affirmations of human life , where we are left to helplessly despair and rejoice at the worst and best of human nature .
Boundless in its raw emotional power , Now and Then Here and There is my anime of the decade .
It was announced last week that the well - reputed paint - huffing punks of VICE were partnering up to share their VBS .TV content with CNN — the 30 year - old broadcast news network , America 's first all - news channel — on their website .
Does it mean anything ?
Yeah , it sure does .
Because those well - reputed paint - huffers are now anything but , as they 've spent the last decade growing from a mere punk magazine into a shrewd , profitable media business , with several different arms , all of which have reached varying levels of success , all of which have adapted to their respectively bad economic climates better than the next .
And CNN caught on .
Full disclosure : I 've long been a fan of VICE .
Their abrasive prose , their stomping out of distinguishments between the lowbrow and the highbrow , and their ability to tap into " hip " zeitgeists around the world more than any other major media company in America right now .
That said , I 'm also more than willing to point out the fact that VICE has long abandoned their humble punk origins .
What was once a company started by three friends —
Shane Smith , Suroosh Alvi , and Gavin McInnes — who were making a rag for their downtown junkie friends , has turned into one with ...
... Their own marketing arm called VIRTUE , which works with branding multinational corporations , many of whom will try to cater to VICE 's demographics .
And this is when they 're not sneaking ads onto the front of their own magazine .
... Draconian non-competes against their discharged Black Sheep founder , Gavin McInnes ( who went on to start his own website , Street Carnage ) .
A communications director who was [ seventh item down ] pulled straight from the political arena .
... Press strategies employed by said communications director like getting a Sunday Times profile , which was sometime after telling everyone they blew $ 250,000 on a party the fundamentally " punk " VICE readers of yore would 've called " soft . "
This all goes without saying : there 's nothing necessarily " punk " about being successful , but there 's something to be said for the way VICE has managed to do it , which is , in some regard , pretty punk .
For one thing , while the New York Times and Conde Nast go through layoff round after layoff round , VICE is still hiring .
They 're technologically astute , employing Twitter and Tumblr to get their brand out there .
They 've got their record label , whose artists play their events and appear in their content ( a print magazine , a website , and a video website ) , for which they sell advertising through their marketing arm , when they 're not helping the companies buying ads with them build out ad campaigns for other companies .
And that $ 250,000 party they bragged about ?
Surely , they could n't have spent a quarter of a million on it .
If they did , it all went to drugs , none of which we found .
But a lot of people showed up .
Most importantly , though : teens and twentysomethings have been all but abandoned as a specific demographic , one that MTV used to have a tight lock on .
Between music videos , their news arm , their once - relevant award shows , and their diverse feature programming , MTV used to drive Whatever The Kids Were Talking About .
Now ?
Not so much .
Not that VICE has it , but they 're certainly zeroing in on something long left behind for a willing and astute business to pick up .
Why would n't VICE be the ones to do it ?
They 're not even pandering , either : their latest fiction issue included everything from a B - side work by young , celebrated New York playwright Annie Baker to comprehensive interviews with The Wire creator David Simon and Brokeback Mountain writer Annie Proulx .
Last year's ?
Harold Bloom .
And then there 's VBS.TV , which is where CNN comes in .
The key section in the press release :
Under the terms of the agreement , every Wednesday beginning on January 20 , 2010 , a new episode from VBS .TV will be featured at www.cnn.com/vbs.
This special section also will include behind - the - scenes essays , photo slideshows and archives of VBS .
TV stories that have been featured previously on CNN.com , as well as a link to VBS .
TV's news room , http://vbs.tv/newsroom, where CNN 's online audience will have access to VBS 's extensive collection of international and domestic news stories .
The VBS.TV episodes selected for CNN.com also will be highlighted in other relevant sections of the site .
We 're not talking about a huge deal , here : it 's merely a content syndication .
But users of CNN 's website are going to be directed to VICE 's content .
That 's the interesting part , especially when you consider that CNN 's a network still trying to find their identity .
They 're tried to avoid the raging , bleeding - heart liberalism of MSNBC or the angry , Howard Beale - inspired fire - and - brimstone punditry of Fox News ( hence : goodbye , Lou Dobbs ) .
Instead , they 've ended up with , um ... a few palatable voices .
Don Lemon !
And , uh ... that other guy !
And then they have their own share of grating , rambling voices that follow .
They 've also got people who appeal to The Youngs : Sanjay Gupta ... was an Obama nominee , or something !
Campbell Brown 's kind of hot ?
Then there 's Anderson Cooper , the star of the network : someone who 's not - so - ambiguous sexuality is often driving the conversation about him .
Someone who 's often found blurring the line between reporting and action film heroism , when he 's not yukking it up with Kathy Griffin on New Year's .
And about that New Year 's , which was practically a page ripped right from VICE itself .
There was Anderson Cooper , standing around with Kathy Griffin , while she made jokes about poppers , which was sometime around when they cut to Sushi the Drag Queen , being dropped from a giant stiletto heel in — where else ?
— Key West .
Pair this with Larry King , who 's best interviews still involve him farting on celebrities , and you have a network who 's sole identifier right now is that they 're at least trying to spice things up a little bit , and maybe cater to a younger audience .
But that 's it .
For VICE , this is a legitimization of their efforts to grow into a news source , and will only serve as motivation to move forward as one .
Their latest film , The VICE Guide to Liberia , is ( at the very least , for the first twenty minutes ) as harrowing , fucked up , and memorable a news documentary you 're going to see over the next year .
It 's solid material , not just for the web , but for documentaries , period .
It 's also the kind of thing CNN will need to have if a reputation for cultivating somewhat risque programming is the direction they actually do want to go in .
Whether or not it 's a successful one has yet to be seen , but it 's certainly not a direction anyone else is moving in right now .
A few months after VICE opened up shop in 1994 , Clueless came out in 1995 .
In it , there 's a scene where Paul Rudd and Alicia Silverstone are fighting over the remote .
He wants to watch CNN , and she wants to watch Beavis and Butthead on MTV .
The scene was supposed to illustrate two distinctly different kinds of The Youth : the socially conscious , and the culturally conscious .
Funny what can change in 15 years , as CNN's now looking to Beavis and Butthead for some of the best content they can lay claim to .
This is all while MTV lays by the wayside , churning out spinoffs of The Hills for mouthbreathing , overgrown fourteen year - olds .
Then again , they did fund VBS.tv .
So what 's gonna happen to the MTV brand ?
Anyone 's guess .
But know this : these guys may have carefully cultivated a reputation for being paint - huffing hipster savants , but there 's been nothing in that bucket but a few decent ideas , the most important of which is their willingness to adapt , while keeping that carefully cultivated identity intact .
The question remains : when will their failing media conglomerate contemporaries finally take notice ?
David Rosenberg has A LOT to say about this morning 's miserable jobs report .
Actually , in his latest note he unloads a whole bunch of charts to show that the unemployment rate is even worse than you think it is .
Here they are in all their glory .
The most striking one , we think , is the last one , that shows that the employment rate is just 58.2 % .
For every 100 people , 41.8 are n't working , a brand new low .
Quick , where 's Malcolm Gladwell to explain the dependency !
By Peter Bowes
BBC News , Los Angeles
It all started with what Professor Paul Frommer now describes as a " fateful e-mail . "
The linguistics expert from the University of Southern California is the brains behind the language used by James Cameron 's 10 - foot - tall alien tribe in the much - anticipated science fiction epic , Avatar .
Actress Zoe Saldana plays Neytiri , one of the native Na'vi speakers " Jim Cameron 's production department at Lightstorm Entertainment was looking for a linguist that would be able to help him develop an alien language , " explains Professor Frommer .
" At that time , it was n't even called Avatar - it was project 880 - but the e-mail was forwarded to me and I saw it and jumped on it .
I was very excited about it .
A week or two later I was called in for a talk . "
The language enthusiast managed to persuade Cameron that he was the man to create a functioning language for a story the director had dreamt up a decade earlier .
" I spent a wonderful 90 - minutes with Jim and at the end of it he shook my hand and said ' welcome aboard , ' " says Professor Frommer .
A BEGINNER'S GUIDE TO NA'VI Kaltxì - Hello Nga - You Tolaron - Hunted Fngap - Metal Atxkxe - Land Tskxe - Rock
The pair worked together for four years to develop the Na'vi language .
The director had already come up with about thirty words , for the characters ' names and body parts .
But he was looking to the professor to give the language an authentic but exotic feel .
Crucially , it had to be a language that could be articulated .
" This is an alien language but obviously it has to be spoken by human actors , " explains Professor Frommer .
Professor Frommer hopes to expand the language in sequels and games " It has to be sounds that human beings are comfortable producing . "
It is a unique language , with its own syntactic and grammatical rules .
Its creator says some of Cameron 's original words had " a vaguely Polynesian feel " .
Others have suggested that it sounds like German or Japanese .
" It certainly borrows various grammatical structures , sounds , that exist in other languages - but what I hope is that the combination in this language is unique , " says Professor Frommer .
As well as creating the language , Professor Frommer taught the actors how to speak it .
" I met with each of the seven principal actors who use the language beforehand .
I helped them with the pronunciation , we broke things down .
" I also created some sound files , MP3 files .
I guess some of them downloaded them onto their iPods so they could listen to them at the gym . "
Professor Frommer spent hours on the set , helping the cast fine tune their alien language speaking abilities .
" I gave them quite a challenge .
I found that they really rose to the occasion , everybody had a great time .
I knew that it had to be something that actors could deal with and handle , " he says .
The language currently runs to about a thousand words .
It does not have a huge vocabulary , but Professor Frommer is still working at it .
He is also still trying to master his own language .
A sample of Na'vi writing " I wish I could speak it fluently , " he says .
" As for who at this point understands the grammar and such , I think probably I 'm the only one .
I wish that eventually that might not be the case . "
In fact , one day , Professor Frommer hopes Na'vi will match Klingon , as the " gold standard " alien language .
" There 's a translation of Hamlet into Klingon , " says Professor Frommer .
" There are Klingon clubs that meet all over the world .
There are a very dedicated group of people who meet and try to speak it .
" If anything happened like this with Na'vi I 'd be delighted . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Jonathan Fildes
Technology reporter , BBC News
Encryption is used on mobiles to stop eavesdropping A German computer scientist has published details of the secret code used to protect the conversations of more than 4bn mobile phone users .
Karsten Nohl , working with other experts , has spent the past five months cracking the algorithm used to encrypt calls using GSM technology .
GSM is the most popular standard for mobile networks around the world .
The work could allow anyone - including criminals - to eavesdrop on private phone conversations .
Mr Nohl told the Chaos Communication Congress in Berlin that the work showed that GSM security was " inadequate " .
" We are trying to inform people about this widespread vulnerability , " he told BBC News .
" We hope to create some additional pressure and demand from customers for better encryption . "
The GSM Association ( GSMA ) , which devised the algorithm and oversees development of the standard , said Mr Nohl 's work would be " highly illegal " in the UK and many other countries .
" This is n't something that we take lightly at all , " a spokeswoman said .
Mr Nohl told the BBC that he had consulted with lawyers before publication and believed the work was " legal " .
' Secret key ' GSM encryption was first introduced in 1987 Mr Nohl , working with a " few dozen " other people , claims to have published material that would crack the A5/ 1 algorithm , a 22 - year - old code used by many carriers .
The code is designed to prevent phone calls from being intercepted by forcing mobile phones and base stations to rapidly change radio frequencies over a spectrum of 80 channels .
It is known to have a series of weaknesses with the first serious flaw exposed in 1994 .
Mr Nohl , who describes himself as an " offensive security researcher " , announced his intention to crack the code at the Hacking at Random ( HAR ) conference in The Netherlands in August this year .
" Any cryptographic function is a one way street , " he told BBC News .
" You should not be able to decrypt without the secret key " .
To get around this problem , Mr Nohl , working with other members of the encryption community , used networks of computers to crunch through " every possible combination " of inputs and outputs for the encryption code .
Mr Nohl said there were " trillions " of possibilities .
It lowers the bar for people and organisations to crack GSM calls
Ian Meakin
Cellcrypt
All of the outputs are now detailed in a vast table , which can be used to determine the encryption key used to secure the conversation or text message .
" It 's like a telephone book - if someone tells you a name you can look up their number , " he said .
Using the codebook , a " beefy gaming computer and $ 3,000 worth of radio equipment " would allow anyone to decrypt signals from the billions of GSM users around the world , he said .
Signals could be decrypted in " real time " with $ 30,000 worth of equipment , Mr Nohl added .
' Not practical '
It has previously been possible to decrypt GSM signals to listen in on conversations , but the equipment cost " hundreds of thousands of dollars , " experts said .
According to Ian Meakin , of mobile encryption firm Cellcrypt , only government agencies and " well funded " criminals had access to the necessary technology .
He described Mr Nohl 's work as a " massive worry " .
" It lowers the bar for people and organisations to crack GSM calls , " he told BBC News .
" It inadvertently puts these tools and techniques in the hands of criminals . "
However , the GSMA dismissed the worries , saying that " reports of an imminent GSM eavesdropping capability " were " common " .
It said that there had been " a number " of academic papers outlining how A5/1 could be compromised but " none to date have led to a practical attack " .
The association said that it had already outlined a proposal to upgrade A5/1 to a new standard known as A5/3 which was currently being " phased in " .
" All in all , we consider this research , which appears to be motivated in part by commercial considerations , to be a long way from being a practical attack on GSM , " the spokeswoman said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
From the start , the team at Krasno made the process so smooth and simple for me .
They are available to answer questions and truly care about their clients .
Jason went above and beyond with his service to ensure I understood everything and is one of the most down to earth lawyers I ’ve ever met .
I am a completely satisfied client and highly recommend using Krasno !
Out - of - process plugins ( OOPP ) are now on by default in mozilla - central !
Starting tomorrow morning , the mozilla - central nightly builds will load Flash and all other plugins in a separate process by default ( on Windows and Linux ) .
The Electrolysis team would love for people to test any plugins on their system , especially less - popular plugins .
Since we are moving relatively quickly with multi-process plugins , there are a few known issues to be aware of :
The plugin - crash UI is not finished .
The current UI is just a non-localized dialog so that we can get crash reports from nightly testers .
This will be changed soon !
On Windows , tearing / repainting issues when scrolling , bug 535295
On Linux , compiz effects and Flash do n’t work together on some systems , bug 535612
On Windows , selecting “ Print ” option in Flash may lock up Firefox , bug 538918
On Windows , hulu wo n’t switch to full - screen mode , bug 539658
On Linux with GTK +- 2.18 or later , GDK assertions and a fatal XError , bug 540197
Firefox - process crashes at NPObjWrapper_NewResolve with silverlight and sometimes Flash , bug 542263
If you discover crashes while running nightlies , please make sure you submit them , and check about : crashes for the crash ID and signature .
We could use help making sure plugin - related crashes and instability are filed and tracked by searching for signatures here and filing bugs in the Core : Plug - Ins component .
If your browser hangs , you can probably recover by killing the mozilla - runtime process in the Windows task manager or via `kill` on Linux .
If you are a developer with a debugger , please use the Mozilla symbol server and get stacks for both the Firefox process and the mozilla - runtime process and file a bug .
In some cases , it may be useful to the Electrolysis developers if you obtain a plugin log , which is a log of calls made between the plugin and the browser .
Instructions for obtaining the log are available here .
I am very excited that we ’ve made it this far , and I look forward to our next milestone release , which will backport these changes to the 1.9.2 release in preparation for Firefox Lorentz .
If for some reason you need to disable multi-process plugins , set the pref dom.ipc.plugins.enabled to false .
Two experimental pills for multiple sclerosis proved effective in clinical trials , raising the possibility for the first time that oral treatments might become available alongside the more cumbersome injections and infusions used to treat MS today .
Some patients taking the drugs — made by Switzerland 's Novartis AG and Germany 's Merck KGaA — experienced adverse events that researchers said need to be carefully weighed against the drugs ' benefits .
The adverse events included herpes infections , a small number of cancer cases and ...
We are shocked at suggestions by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office minister Ivan Lewis and foreign secretary David Miliband that Britain may consider changing its laws to avoid any future attempts to prosecute suspected war criminals , Israeli or otherwise .
The UK must not renege on its international treaty obligations , particularly those under the fourth Geneva convention to seek out and prosecute persons suspected of war crimes wherever and whoever they are , whatever their status , rank or influence , against whom good prima facie evidence has been laid .
We reject any attempt to undermine the judiciary 's independence and integrity .
A judge who finds sufficient evidence of a war crime must have power to order the arrest of a suspect , subject to the usual rights to bail and appeal .
The power to arrest individuals reasonably suspected of war crimes anywhere in the world should they set foot on UK soil is an efficient and necessary resource in the struggle against war crimes , and must not be interfered with ( Report , 6 January ) .
Nor should the government succumb to pressure from any foreign power to alter this crucial aspect of the judicial process .
We urge the government to state clearly that it will not alter the law on universal jurisdiction and will continue to allow victims of war crimes to seek justice in British courts .
John Austin MP
Katy Clark MP
Frank Cook MP
Jeremy Corbyn MP
Ann Cryer MP
Paul Flynn MP
Neil Gerrard MP
John Hemming MP
Paul Holmes MP
Kelvin HopkinsMP
Brian Iddon MP
Lynne Jones MP
Tom Levitt MP
Martin Linton MP
Bob Marshall - Andrews MP
Gordon Prentice MP
Linda Riordan MP
Terry Rooney MP
Baroness Jenny Tonge
Baroness Lindsay Northover
Bob Russell MP
Clare Short MP
Phyllis Starkey MP
Sir David Steel
Sandra White MSP
Derek Wyatt MP
Tayab Ali , Partner , Irvine Thanvi Natas Solicitors
Sir Geoffrey Bindman
Richard Burgon , solicitor
Daniel Carey , Public Interest Lawyers
Ian Cross , solicitor
Jim Duffy , Public Interest Lawyers
Shauna Gillan , barrister , 1 Pump Court
Andrew Gray , solicitor
Tessa Gregory , Public Interest Lawyers
Beth Handly , Partner , Hickman and Rose solicitors
Michael Hagan , solicitor
Michelle Harris , barrister , 1 Pump Court
Susan Harris , solicitor
Jane Hickman , Partner , Hickman and Rose solicitors
Sam Jacobs , Public Interest Lawyers
Salma Karmi-Ayyoub , barrister
Paul Kaufman , solicitor
Aonghus Kelly , Public Interest Lawyers
Daniel Machover , Chair of Lawyers for Palestinian Human Rights
Michael Mansfield QC
Anna Mazzola , Partner , Hickman and Rose solicitors
Sarah McSherry , Partner , Christian Khan solicitors
Clare Mellor , solicitor
Karen Mitchell , solicitor
Simon Natas , Partner , Irvine Thanvi Natas solicitors
Sophie Naftalin , Lawyers for Palestinian Human Rights
Mary Nazzal - Batayneh , Human Rights Legal Aid Fund
Henrietta Phillips , solicitor
William Seymour , solicitor
Navya Shekhar , solicitor
Phil Shiner , Public Interest Lawyers
David Thompson , solicitor
Paul Troop , barrister
Mohammed Abdul - Bari , Secretary - General , Muslim Council of Britain
Anas Altikriti , British Muslim Initiative
Lindsey German , Stop the War Campaign
John Hilary , Director , War on Want
Kate Hudson , Chair , CND
Betty Hunter , General Secretary , PalestineSolidarity Campaign
Dan Judelson , Jews for Justice for Palestinians
Hugh Lanning , PCS Deputy General Secretary
John McHugo , Chair , Liberal Democrat Friends of Palestine
Gerry Morrissey , General Secretary , BECTU
Tony Woodley , Joint General Secretary , UNITE .
Kate Allen , Director , Amnesty International UK
Jackie Alsaid LLM
Rachel Bowles
Prof Haim Bresheeth
Dale Egee
Sarah El - Guindi
Deborah Fink
David Halpin
Sharif Hamadeh
Samira Hassassian
Professor Ted Honderich
Victor Kattan
Asad Khan
Miriam Margolyes
Professor Nur Masalha
Professor Steven Rose
Professor Jonathan Rosenhead
Andrew Sanger
Dr Aisha Sarwar
Tareq Shrourou , Lawyers for Palestinian Human Rights
Tony Woodley , UNITE Joint General Secretary
• This article was amended on Wednesday 20 January 2010 to correct the name of a signatory .
Share
tweet
When the light turns red , a huge laser wall projecting apparitions of crossing pedestrians spans across the crosswalk .
The concept is designed to keep crossing pedestrians safe from any overzealous drivers who otherwise might have ran the red light .
Link [ via ]
4:01 pm
National Lawyers Guild ( NLG )
National Lawyers Guild Calls for Urgent Action on Goldstone Recommendations
2:54 pm
Mother Earth News
Mother Earth News Launches Green - Living Radio Show
2:42 pm
Public Citizen
NHTSA ’s Fuel Economy Impact Statement Should Be Revised to Be More Informative to Decision - Makers and Public
2:35 pm
National Gay and Lesbian Task Force
Lifting HIV Travel Ban Will Finally End ' Federally Sanctioned Stigma '
2:14 pm
Greenpeace
EU Leaders Pledge Climate Funding and Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reductions Seven Times those of US
1:42 pm
Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation
24 Experts Urge Congress to Address Proliferation Concerns of Laser Enrichment
1:26 pm
Amnesty International
World 's Biggest Arms Traders Promise Global Arms Treaty
12:29 pm
Center for Economic and Policy Research ( CEPR )
Agreement to Restore Zelaya , if Honored , Will Be a Victory for Democracy in the Hemisphere , CEPR Co-Director Says
12:18 pm
Rainforest Action Network ( RAN )
Mountaintop Removal Mining Protests Go National
( Natural News ) The American Heart Association ( AHA ) recently reported the results of a study conducted on cooked fish and how various cooking methods affect omega - 3 fatty acid content .
The study team found that baked or boiled fish is far healthier than fried , salted or dried fish .
The study consisted of nearly 200,000 men and women from various ethnic backgrounds who were divided into groups based on intake of different types of prepared fish as well as other foods high in omega - 3 oils .
Particularly in women , salted and dried fish was found to be a risk factor despite the fact that the fish contained omega - 3 oils .
Shoyu and other sauces high in sodium were also implicated in putting women at a higher risk of dying from heart disease .
Within their various assigned groups , the group with the highest level of omega - 3 consumption averaged 3.3 grams of omega - 3 fatty acids per day ; the lowest group had only 0.8 grams per day .
Results indicated that men who ate 3.3 grams per day had a 23 percent lower risk of suffering from cardiac death compared to those who only had 0.8 grams per day .
Problems with the study included failure to identify possible dietary changes among study participants throughout the course of the study that may have altered findings .
Supplementation with fish , cod liver , or other omega - 3 rich supplements was also not considered .
Experts suggest that further research , which takes these things into account and that monitors omega - 3 levels in the blood consistently throughout the study period , is necessary .
The goal of the study was to figure out proper fish intake recommendations and the best ways of preparing fish in order to gain the most benefit .
By sampling people from various ethnicities and age groups , researchers also hoped to better pinpoint possible genetic dispositions to heart disease and custom tailor eating recommendations for various groups .
While fish was the main focus of the study as a recognized source of omega - 3s , other sources like pastured , grass - fed meats , eggs , and dairy products are worthy of consideration as well .
Pastured , grass - fed meats have a much lower fat content compared to their conventional counterparts .
Pastured , grass - fed animals produce meat that is up to four times richer in omega - 3s than grain - fed meats .
Because certain kinds of fish contain high levels of mercury , pastured animal products are preferable sources of omega - 3s , as well as vegetable and grain sources like spinach , kale , and flax and hemp oils .
Sources for this story include : http://americanheart.mediaroom.com/index.php...
Contrary to popular conception , there is no evidence of a society or economy that relied primarily on barter .
Instead , non-monetary societies operated largely along the principles of gift economics .
When barter did in fact occur , it was usually between either complete strangers or would - be enemies .
When I sat down to research this post , I thought I would write a post about barter , since it seemed like if our current financial system failed , barter would be one possible form of back - up .
But when I started to research barter , the first thing I came across was this statement :
It seemed to me that if our current system fails us , we should have at least some idea regarding what options might be available that could perhaps be pieced together into a new system that works .
As I looked at gift economies a bit , I realized our current system has a substantial element of gift economics in it .
Perhaps if our already functioning gift economy can be expanded , it may play a role in transitioning to a more suitable long - term economy .
What is a Gift Economy ?
Gifford Pinchot writes in Business on a Small Planet :
In the potlatches of the Chinook , Nootka , and other Pacific Northwest peoples , chiefs vied to give the most blankets and other valuables .
More generally , in hunter - gatherer societies the hunter 's status was not determined by how much of the kill he ate , but rather by what he brought back for others .
In his brilliant book The Gift : The Erotic Life of Property , Lewis Hyde points to two types of economies .
In a commodity ( or exchange ) economy , status is accorded to those who have the most .
In a gift economy , status is accorded to those who give the most to others .
According to Wikipedia , a gift economy is
. . . a society where valuable goods and services are regularly given without any explicit agreement for immediate or future rewards ( i.e. no formal quid pro quo exists ) .
Ideally , simultaneous or recurring giving serves to circulate and redistribute valuables within the community .
John Elemans states that an important difference between a gift economy and an exchange economy is that in a gift economy , a bond develops between the gift giver and the recipient , while in an exchange economy , the parties often do n't care if they ever see each other again .
Elemans goes on to explain that when a person takes a job in Japan , many of the exchanges are similar to those in a gift economy .
The employer is closely involved in the life of the employee and may even help find a spouse for an employee .
In return , an employee shows much more loyalty to the employer ( in terms of not changing jobs ) and is very concerned about the quality of his work .
Wikipedia gives a number of examples of historical gift economies .
Within " modern " society , there are many places where the gift economy is operative today , even as the exchange economy ( capitalism ) goes on as well .
One of the big areas where the gift economy operates is within the home .
A mother generally takes care of her children , without any particular reward in return .
Often a mother does quite a bit of the housework as well .
Before the expansion of capitalism in recent years , women did even more than they did today -- staying home to care for children , rather than sending them to day care , and often taking care of grandparents as well .
Another place where we see the gift economy is sharing of information over the Internet , including sites like The Oil Drum ( which is a volunteer organization ) and Wikipedia , which is mostly volunteer .
Peer to peer file sharing and free software are other examples of the gift economy .
The giving of professional papers at conferences might also be considered part of the gift economy .
Another form of gift giving is the huge remittances sent to home countries by those working in the US and Europe .
Matriarchal societies are gift economies according to the Gift Economy Conference , most likely because with motherhood and household chores , women tend to think in terms of a gift economy .
In comparison , Capitalism is sometimes thought of as patriarchal .
Gift Societies Promote the Unselfish Contribution Needed for Sustainability
Gifford Pinchot explains that if we are to have a sustainable society , we need to have something closer to a gift economy , because people will then value their contribution to society , rather than only considering what they get out in return .
According to Pinchot :
The first step toward a sustainable sense of success is taking pride in the value of our contributions to others rather than taking pride in the value of our possessions .
By extension this means striving for quality in the use of whatever power we have rather than working to get more power over others as an end in itself .
In this view , profit and wealth may help us to contribute , but they do not themselves constitute business success .
If we went to the grave with riches gained by gutting the pension fund , or selling pesticides we know cause more harm than the insects they control , would we count our business lives successful ?
On the other hand , what if we stewarded a small company that repeatedly introduced more ecological ways of doing things ?
Maybe other larger players who quickly copied the ecological innovations gained much of the material reward .
If we barely made ends meet , but clearly made the world a better place , is that a success ?
Capitalism is ( in one view ) Acting to Steal from Gift Societies
Genevieve Vaughan in The Gift Economy indicates that many of the gains of the Capitalism have taken place at the expense of what previously would have been exchanges in the gift economy :
Globalization is one more development of Patriarchal Capitalism by which more gift labor and cheap resources ( resources of which a large part is free to the buyer ) can be transferred from the South to the North .
The market economy makes it appear that the gifts are going the other direction , that the Capitalists are giving jobs to the people of the South .
Having caused enough scarcity through exploitation and debt creation , the North has diminished the level of life in the South so that the price of labor is cheap for the Northern investors - that is it brings a large percentage of gift value .
By privileging a few workers by monetizing their labor , Northern corporations create a funnel or bridge by which gifts from the South can be brought to the North , with the appearance that the Corporation is providing the only source of a decent livelihood .
A structure of laws is made to uphold the flow of gifts from the South to the North , from the poor to the rich , from women to men .
These laws are based on the values of the exchange system , on defending property over the satisfaction of needs , on ' paying ' for crime , and maintaining the hierarchical structures of dominance .
What is needed is not justice , which is based on the system of exchange , but a commitment to finding the problems which cause crime and solving them .
That solution may include the protection of the gift givers rather than of the Patriarchal Capitalists , a re visioning of society , putting the gift paradigm first and showing the actual dependency of the market upon gift giving .
In fact the market , the whole exchange economy is actually a parasite on the gift economy - and the gift economy allows this .
It nurtures the parasite .
There seem to be a fair amount of writing along this line at this site .
This a link to a group of podcasts that seem to be along the same line .
Religions and Gift Economies
If one looks at religious writings associated with Jewish , Christian , and Moslem religions , one can see statements that seem to encourage gift economies .
( Obviously , even at the times these writings were written , an exchange economy went on as well , so this was not the only economy ) .
Psalms 37:21
The wicked borroweth , and payeth not again : but the righteous sheweth mercy , and giveth .
22 For such as be blessed of him shall inherit the earth ; and they that be cursed of him shall be cut off .
Acts 30:35 [ Paul ]
In everything I did , I showed you that by this kind of hard work we must help the weak , remembering the words the Lord Jesus himself said : ' It is more blessed to give than to receive . ' "
Leviticus 35 ' If one of your brethren becomes poor , and falls into poverty among you , then you shall help him , like a stranger or a sojourner , that he may live with you .
36 ' Take no usury or interest from him ; but fear your God , that your brother may live with you .
37 ' You shall not lend him your money for usury , nor lend him your food at a profit .
Religious groups often act as gift economies , with donations made by members .
They may provide services to individual members , for example , an Amish barn raising , to help a group member .
If a person lends money at interest , the result is a whole different type of transaction than giving to the poor .
In a declining economy , making loans with the intent of getting paid back with interest is going to work less and less well .
Perhaps an approach from the gift economy ( shared labor to reduce the amount borrowed ? ) can be used to supplement current approaches .
Some Benefits of Gift Economy Actions
Some families seem to function more as gift economies than others .
I know I grew up in a family that very much functioned as a gift economy , and my own family has tended to function fairly much that way as well .
If there was ever an " argument " , it was always in terms of , " You are doing too much .
Let me do the work , " or " Let me pay for it . "
If it is possible to get a family - - or larger group -- to function in this manner , it very much cuts down on arguments .
My father ( who is no longer alive ) tells of delivering babies , and in exchange getting a couple of dressed raccoons from the parents , probably about 1950 .
This really was n't barter -- even back then , it would have cost more than two raccoons to deliver a baby -- it was more of sharing what one had , no matter how little it might be .
Physicians were n't nearly as rich back then , and welfare played a much smaller role .
It is hard to imagine a gift economy functioning very broadly , but if it did , perhaps there would be less strife in the world and less need for social programs .
Questions
1 . In what ways can we adopt more of a gift economy , if our current system deteriorates ?
A couple of examples I can think of include families taking in elderly relatives and a laid off - worker moving in with friends .
2 . It seems like for a gift economy to function well , there would need to be a fairly small number of participants in the economy , and the group would need to be tightly knit .
Dunbar 's Number represents a theoretical cognitive limit to the number of people with whom one can maintain stable social relationships .
This is commonly cited to be about 150 people .
Do readers have experience with whether gift economies can be made to work well with larger groups ?
3 . It seems like a gift economy would be a whole lot easier to operate than a barter economy .
Would that advantage be the reason gift economies , rather than barter economies , were so widely adopted historically ?
4 . Can anyone see ways that a gift economy could be adopted outside very small local groups ?
Would it make sense to try to do so ?
5 . I understand that in Cuba , a law was passed that if you had extra room in your vehicle , you were required to pick up people needing rides , if they were standing in designated ride - sharing locations .
Do you think the USA could get to this point of sharing ?
6 . What ideas do you have for making a gift economy work , if only on a small scale ?
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates ( CNN ) -- A United Arab Emirates sheikh was acquitted Sunday of charges connected to the videotaped beating and torture of an Afghan grain dealer .
Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al - Nahyan , a member of the emirates ' ruling family , was charged with rape , endangering life and causing bodily harm in connection with the nearly three - hour long tape shot in 2004 in the desert outside Abu Dhabi , one of the United Arab Emirates in the Persian Gulf region .
However , the court acquitted Issa on Sunday , ruling he had diminished responsibility for his actions because of the effects of medication his defense attorney claimed he was given .
Issa had a " lack of criminal responsibility , " the court found , defense attorney Habib al - Mulla told CNN .
" The judiciary system acquitted Issa based on the evidence presented by the defense that the sheikh was under the influence of drugs given to him , " al - Mulla said .
" That deprived him from his poise and caused him to carry out acts that were out of consciousness and that were photographed with the intention for later extortion . "
The tape surfaced last year as a piece of evidence in a federal civil suit filed in Houston , Texas , against the sheikh by his former business partner , Bassam Nabulsi .
It caused outrage among human rights groups and in the United States , where senior U.S. officials familiar with the case said the tape delayed the ratification of a civil nuclear deal between the UAE and the United States .
On the tape , Issa is seen along with a private security officer stuffing sand in the man 's mouth .
As the grain dealer pleads and whimpers , he is beaten with a nailed board , burned in the genitals with a cigarette lighter , shocked with a cattle prod and led to believe he would be shot .
Salt is poured into his wounds .
In the end , the victim can muster up only weak moans as an SUV is repeatedly driven over him .
" No one can prove that this videotape has not been tampered with , " al - Mulla said Sunday .
The only person who can confirm the incidents happened as seen on the tape is the victim , and he has not confirmed that , he added .
" We deny the incident as it was shown on that videotape . "
The defense did not just center on the medication , he said , but claimed that the videotape and other incidents from that night were all part of a conspiracy aimed at blackmailing the sheikh .
During the trial , the defense presented medical reports from experts in the United States and the United Arab Emirates showing that the various types of medicines given to Issa , when combined , " would lead any person to act in a very aggressive manner , losing his control and his behavior . "
Asked about a Human Rights Watch statement that one trial was not enough to stop torture and restore the United Arab Emirates ' image , al - Mulla told CNN he believed the UAE was " courageous " to hold the trial , calling it " a very positive signal of what the UAE is trying to achieve . "
The incident allegedly was triggered by Issa 's belief he was cheated in a business deal .
UAE officials have said the grain dealer survived and has settled the matter privately with the sheikh , with the two agreeing not to bring formal charges against the other .
Al - Mulla said he is " pleased with the verdict as it was proven that Sheikh Issa was a victim , and he was not what the media tried to portray him [ as ] . "
The Afghan man was in the courtroom , and the court issued him a " temporary " compensation of 10,000 dirhams ( $ 2,722 ) , al - Mulla said .
Nabulsi , a Lebanese - born U.S. citizen now living in Houston , said he met Issa when the sheikh came to Houston for medical treatment in 1994 .
They became friends and business partners and the sheikh recruited Nabulsi to move to Abu Dhabi to work for him .
In the lawsuit , Nabulsi claims breaches of contract and fiduciary duty .
A federal court dismissed the suit in June , ruling it did not have jurisdiction , according to online federal court records .
Nabulsi has appealed to the Fifth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals .
Nabulsi told CNN in April the sheikh turned on him after he expressed concern over the Afghan 's treatment .
Later , he was arrested on drug charges , and security officers working for the sheikh ransacked his home and demanded the torture video .
But the tape -- shot by Nabulsi 's brother at the order of the sheikh , he said -- had already been smuggled out of the country .
Nabulsi said he was arrested , jailed and ultimately convicted on drug charges -- and was tortured and humiliated by UAE police , who demanded he return the tape .
Al - Mulla said Sunday Nabulsi was sentenced to five years in jail in absentia , agreeing that he was responsible for the drugging of the sheikh .
Prosecutors will attempt to implement the sentence through Interpol , he said .
CNN 's Caroline Faraj , Stan Grant and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The ex-head of the Anglican church in Ireland and a former senior British civil servant today confirmed that the Ulster Defence Association had put all of its illegal weapons beyond use .
Lord Eames and Sir George Quigley verified that they had witnessed the destruction of UDA arms , in another boost to the political process in Northern Ireland .
Eames and Quigley , a former head of the Northern Ireland civil service , oversaw the decommissioning alongside John de Chastelain , the Canadian general in charge of the international body that deals with paramilitary disarmament .
After almost four decades of bloodshed , and having killed hundreds of victims during the Troubles , the UDA – the largest Ulster loyalist paramilitary organisation – said it had reached a stage where " violence is no longer a viable option and where weaponry is a thing of the past " .
In a statement released at the Stormont Hotel , across the road from the Northern Ireland parliament , the UDA also addressed the victims of its armed campaign .
" To all those in the community who have lost loved ones , we understand and we share in your sense of loss , but we are determined and are willing to play our full part in ensuring that the tragedy of the last 40 years will never happen again . "
At the press conference , organised by UDA political allies the Ulster Political Research Group , senior loyalists were asked whether the organisation 's decision to disarm meant an end to associated criminality .
" You ca n't be a loyalist and a criminal , " Frankie Gallagher , the UPRG 's chairman , said .
He said anyone in loyalist communities was entitled to inform on those using the name of the UDA or any loyalist terror group to extort money or deal drugs .
Speaking about the role of Eames and Quigley , Gallagher confirmed that the pair had been with the UDA " every step of the way " on the road to disarmament and had seen guns and munitions being put beyond use .
In their statement , Eames and Quigley said : " We were very pleased to have the opportunity to be present at such a significant moment in the course of Northern Ireland 's steady progress towards what can be a far better future for everyone . "
They added that loyalists who had renounced violence and criminality and who wanted to help transform their communities needed to be supported .
De Chastelain confirmed the decommissioning act in his role as the head of the Independent International Commission on Decommissioning ( IICD ) .
He said it was " a major act of decommissioning " in which arms , ammunition , explosives and explosive devices had been destroyed .
The leadership of the UDA had told him the armaments " constitute the totality of those under their control " .
The decommissioning took place 15 years after the UDA 's first ceasefire , in 1994 .
A breakaway faction of the UDA , in the south - east Antrim area , has yet to disarm .
However , loyalist sources today told the Guardian that the rebel unit was also in discussions with De Chastelain and the IICD and was moving towards disarmament .
• This article was amended on Friday 8 January 2010 .
We previously referred to " the largest Ulster loyalist paramilitary organisation " as the UDP .
This has been corrected .
MEN who do more housework get more sex .
It 's official .
And women who do more housework get more sex , too .
A new US study of almost 7000 married couples shows that couples who work hard , play hard .
'' Go - getter ' ' couples who devote lots of time to paid work and household chores still make sex a priority , the study says .
Published in the Journal of Family Issues , the study rebuts the view that the ' ' time crunch ' ' has killed passion stone dead .
Sex survey cartoon
'' As life gets busier and time gets tighter , a select group of go - getter spouses can successfully balance multiple time commitments , '' say the authors , Constance Gager , of Montclair State University , New Jersey , and Scott Yabiku , of Arizona State University .
The study shows that sexual frequency averaged 82.7 times a year , or 1.6 times a week , although there was wide variation .
Age and the duration of the relationship dampened sexual frequency , as did being Catholic compared to being Protestant .
The presence of small children reduced frequency but older children were associated with more frequent sex .
David Rosenberg does not pull any punches in his note today , when he makes an even bigger case for why the Fed and the administration 's fiscal policies are now the sole power behind not only any and all stock market gains , but is the sole dynamo for pushing the economy to higher unsubstantiated highs , as it continues transferring wealth from taxpayer to shareholders .
This was a topic first broached by Zero Hedge on April 11 , 2009 , when we said :
The truth is that the more taxpayer money is dumped to try to fill the abyss , it may become marginally shallower , but only at the expense of it getting wider .
At some point soon ( if not already ) , the U.S. economy will be unweenable from the trillions and trillions of taxpayer subsidies all the while it becomes more indebted to both its investors and taxpayers , further exacerbating the abovementioned paradox ( presumably not without a motive ) .
As the multi-trillion CRE crash continues to deplete the left side of the financials ' balance sheet with an exponentially growing pace ( and I have not even touched on the credit card topic ) , the banks will be left scratching their heads what accounting rules to bend , which insurance companies to implode and get another AIG - like piggybank , how to break REG - FD more and more creatively with select memo leaks , how to manipulate the market , and how to make the Tsy curve becomes even more upward sloping with the compliments of the Fed and the Treasury .
In the meantime the disinformation rift between the American taxpayers and investors will keep growing until inevitably , one day , it will escalate to the point where empty promises on prime time TV by the administration 's photogenic representatives will not suffice , and real actions that benefit future American generations will be demanded ...
What happens after I have no idea .
Here are David 's thoughts :
No doubt that the global economy appears to be on a firm footing , but much of this has reflected dramatic fiscal stimulus , overbuilding and credit extension in China .
Only the future knows how sustainable this is .
We do know that just about all the growth in the U.S.A. in Q4 is coming from inventory restocking ; and that every basis point of growth in Q3 came from government stimulus , directly and indirectly .
The same stock market that could n’t see a recession coming in late 2007 even though it was two months away , does n’t see how low - quality this “ recovery ” is since there is nothing organic about it .
The market is relying continuously on government support , so much so that nearly 20 % — by far a record — of U.S. personal income is now coming from Uncle Sam ’s generosity in the form of transfers .
This deserves a lower - than - normal price - earnings multiple , but it may take time for Mr. Market to figure this out , just as it took several quarters for it to see the effects of a housing recession and credit collapse two years ago .
The stock market , in other words , has managed to become a classic lagging indicator .
This is obviously a bold claim , as it means that the traditional phrase " The market is always right " is now completely wrong .
With no volume , and various predatory algos determining daily market direction , it was only a matter of time .
Rosenberg , proceeds to destroy the optimistic groupthink :
We ran some simulations back to 1955 and found that historically , what is normal is that every basis point of nominal GDP growth typically generates 2.5 percentage points of corporate earnings growth .
The consensus sees $ 76 of operating EPS for the S&P 500 next year , which compares to a likely $ 56 stream in 2009 .
In other words , that would imply an expected 36 % profits boost this year .
That in turn would require a 14 % increase in nominal GDP , which is basically impossible .
Okay — a spurt that strong was last posted in 1951 , so let ’s be fair .
It ’s a 1 - in - 58 event .
In the past 75 years , there were a grand total of six when profit growth topped 30 % , and guess what ?
That pace of profits required , on average , 10 % growth in nominal GDP .
And that last happened 25 years ago .
Either way you slice it or dice it , achieving the consensus profit forecast is an extremely low - odds scenario .
The consensus sees $ 76 operating EPS for the S&P 500 in 2010 , which would be a 36 % increase from 2009
Meanwhile , the consensus basically sees 4 % nominal GDP growth for 2010 , which would suggest a 10 % profit rise in 2010 , which would imply a solid but somewhat less exuberant $ 62 EPS call for the year .
Remember that this time last year the consensus was at $ 77 operating EPS for 2009 and we got $ 56 — what saved the market was the Geithner & Bernanke show .
What do they do for an encore this year ?
Keep that last point in the back of your mind .
At the end of 2008 , the consensus was at $ 77 for S&P 500 operating EPS for 2009 .
Even by the end of January , when it was so obvious that the bear market and recession were far from over , the bottom - up consensus was calling for operating earnings to come in at just under $ 70 per share .
What did we end up with for 2009 when all was said and done ?
Try $ 56 EPS or 27 % below what “ market participants ” were predicting when the year began .
Forget all the calculations off the “ artificial ” March lows .
Forget the 25 % slide in the first 10 weeks of the year to that awful trough .
Here is the reality .
The S&P 500 , from point to point , rallied 23 % in 2009 even though earnings for the year as whole came in a whopping $ 22 a share or 27 % below what was being priced in at the start of the year .
Now that is remarkable .
It almost wants to make you believe in the tooth fairy .
What does this mean ?
A 22 % overvaluation .
We are sure that if we told you on December 31 , 2008 , that the market was looking for $ 77 on operating EPS for 2009 , but $ 56 is all we would muster , you would n’t have told us that your price forecast for year - end would be 1,115 .
And here we are today , and the same consensus crew is calling for just about the same level of earnings again — this time for 2010 .
If the consensus is correct , then the market is sitting very close to fair - value with a 15 x forward P/E multiple .
If we are right on earnings , then we are looking at over an 18 x forward multiple or a market that is overvalued by 22 % .
Yet this whole valuation aberration is the product of an overbullish groupthink crowd , headed by none other than Byron Wien , for whom Rosie shares the following kind words :
We ’ve known Byron Wien for a long time — he was a formidable competitor while we were both on the sell side and in later years , a valued client and friend while he was on the buy side .
He had a pretty good year in 2009 , of that there is little doubt .
But his just - released list again totally epitomized the consensus view — and it is useful to know this because as Bob Farrell told us in his Ten Commandments of investing , “ When all the experts and forecasts agree , something else is going to happen ” ( the 9th commandment ) .
We wo n’t reprint Byron ’s list here , though we were inundated with our views on it yesterday , but all the ‘ surprises ’ are on the upside as far as the economy , profits and interest rates are concerned .
His whole piece involves world peace , a huge equity rally , massive bond selloff , Fed tightening , a dollar bull market , successful policy action on energy and financial sector reform .
Nothing on double dip , deflation , renewed equity slide , Israeli military strike , 10 % home price decline , sovereign default risk , Euro - area discord , or a Chinese relapse .
These do n’t seem to worry Byron — but then again , with the VIX index at 20 … the market seems unperturbed about downside risks as well .
And some simply hilarious observations from Rosie on the New Normal :
In the post - bubble credit collapse economy , what was previously unthinkable suddenly becomes the “ new normal ” .
From March 1983 ( when the Reagan - led economic expansion took hold ) through to September 2008 ( when Lehman collapsed ) we never once had a month where U.S. vehicle sales came in as low as 11 million units at an annual rate .
That is a span of 25 years .
In yesterday ’s WSJ , page B1 , there is a huge article titled Late Surge in Car Sales Raises Hopes for 2009 .
This “ surge ” seems to have taken sales up to 11 million units in December ( data out later today ) , which would be up from 10.9 million in November .
So here we are today , and it is apparently good news that we had virtually no growth in sales towards the end of the year even with dramatic incentives ( according to the article , GM gave its dealers $ 7,000 for some of its models ) and that we had 11 million units when the ‘ old normal ’ was 16 million units ( not to mention that 12 million is the cutoff for replacement demand — autos are still being taken off the highways and driveways of America ) .
Yet none of this matters as buy programs take equities ever higher , with moral hazard the ultimate backstop until such time as the ability to finance an infinite stock market rally courtesy of trillions in new bond issuance comes to an end : that is the only " fundamental " that is relevant now and for the foreseeable future .
1 {scene : The Vatican , 1633} 1 Pope Urban VIII : So , how did the trial of Galileo go ?
1 Man in Black :
Here is the transcript .
2 {scene change : flashback to courtroom} 2 Galileo : I 'm just a poor boy , nobody loves me .
2 Member of Public :
He 's just a poor boy , from a poor family .
2 Galileo : Easy come , easy go , will you let me go ?
3 Judge : No , we will not let you go !
3 Member of Public : Let him go !
3 Judge :
We will not let you go !
4 {scene change : flashback ends} 4 Pope Urban VIII : Can we trust this ?
4 Man in Black : Yes .
This transcript comes from none other than the Queen .
Last time we left Galileo , it was with Pope Paul V in office .
This strip is set during the time of Galileo 's heresy trial , which occurred some 23 years later , during the reign of Pope Urban VIII , who appears in this strip .
Pope Urban VIII : This time it 's parsonal .
I can't help it if he looks a lot like Paul V .
And in between was Pope Gregory XV , who was Pope for only two years before he died .
Gregory issued the last papal ordinance declaring witchcraft a crime against the Church , though he lessened the punishments and demanded stronger proof of the accused having entered into a compact with the Devil before they were sentenced to death .
He was also a patron of the arts , and invited Guercino to Rome , where he was inspirational in developing the High Baroque style of the period .
All in all , it was rather Bohemian times .
Administrators at Crosby Middle School in Hitchcock brought in school board trustee Shirley Price to give a motivational speech to students .
Probably a good idea -- Price has overcome physical handicaps to get where she is today .
Where she is today , though , apparently includes being a motivational speaker who thinks out of the box .
And by " out of the box , " we 're making a lame pun on an old euphemism for female genitalia .
Because Price apparently went on to give a graphic description of oral and anal sex for the kids .
Hitchcock superintendent Mike Bergman later sent a letter home to Crosby parents saying the talk had been " off - target and objectionable . "
( We do n't know if the " off - target " part refers to his preference for vaginal intercourse . )
Here ;s what he told the Galveston Daily News :
Bergman said when Price was introduced , she asked that the school 's principal leave the room .
Most of the teachers remained , but they did not step in when Price 's speech turned inappropriate , Bergman said .
" Somehow she got some story that she heard that students were having sex on campus and went into a speech about sexual type things , " Bergman said .
" There was no motivational speech at all . "
The speech reportedly turned graphic and included instructions on how to perform oral and anal sex and included several curse words , Bergman said .
Students apparently were told to keep the contents of the speech secret , Bergman said .
" There was no motivational speech at all " ?
Depends on how you define " motivation , " we guess .
Creating a soundtrack for a horror game is no easy task .
The genre relies heavily on tension and mood , so every little bump and squeal counts .
Great soundtracks go practically unnoticed to players , bleeding into the overall atmosphere becoming a part of the larger experience .
If you found your heart racing while walking through the decaying industrial halls of the Ishimura in the original Dead Space , chances are it was because the soundtrack was covertly pulling your strings .
How does one shape a facet of a game so integral to the core experience ?
We talked with Don Veca , the audio director for Visceral Games , about his approach to crafting the Dead Space series ’ audio experience .
Fruit Foley
Sound Byte 01 : Hivemind Attack
" The Hivemind is the final boss character in Dead Space .
This was one of his main attack / taunt sounds .
This sound worked great to convey the overall size and nature of the creature .
Andy Lackey used mainly elephants and horses for this sound .
However , the samples he used were not your typical elephant trumpets or horse whinnies , but more stressed - out or aggravated versions of the animals . "
- Don Veca , Visceral Game ’s audio director
[ View : http://media1.gameinformer.com/media/audio/ds2/Hivemind_scream_blast_01.mp3:310:0]
For the original Dead Space , the first thing Veca did was go to Safeway .
“ Our big thing was dismemberment , so I sent e-mails out to the team asking if I could get volunteers for recording those effects , ” Veca jokes .
“ But nobody volunteered , and I had to go to the grocery store and get melons …we bought a whole bunch of fruit – tomatoes , celery , corn – anything we could break and make a mess with . ”
Veca took his shopping bags full of produce ( $ 400 worth , by some dubious accounts ) back to EA Redwood Shore ’s in - house recording studio .
Like many movies , game studios often employ Foley artists to help engineer the sounds for a game .
Since Dead Space was such an alien setting , it required some extensive audio manufacturing .
In the course of one eight - hour recording session Veca recorded the brutal destruction of dozens of plant species .
“ We tried really hard to clean it up at the end of our session , ” laughs Veca .
“ But it reeked , and it reeked for three months .
The Sims guys eventually got sick of it and hired a professional cleaner . ”
Other sessions helped captured moody instrumental effects from Saxophones , cymbals , and different string instruments .
At one point a couple of EA interns even climb into a dumpster to record banging and clanging sounds that would be used for Dead Space ’s environmental effects .
Only so much material can be captured from planned studio sessions , however .
Sometimes the best audio comes from unexpected places .
“ I got this little portable recorder , ” says Veca .
“ It ’s just a small Sony recorder , it 's no big deal , but I can carry it anywhere .
You never know when you might be sitting in a bar or a restroom or something and hear this kind of bubbling on the pipes that you want to capture .
Believe it or not , a lot of the sounds in Dead Space were just from when I was walking down the hall somewhere . ”
Interestingly , Veca used this portable recorder to capture sounds for one of the Ishimura ’s machine rooms while he was riding San Francisco BART train across the bay at night .
Creating Contrast
Capturing audio snippets takes a certain kind of attention and diligence , but taking all those disparate sounds and combining them into what became Dead Space ’s atmosphere took a skilled ear .
“ One thing I really wanted to do with the audio for Dead Space was contrast from very loud to very soft , from eerie abrasive to very smooth , ” says Veca .
“ There was an article I read that scientists had played symphonies for people while monitoring their brainwaves , and they noticed that between the movements was when their brainwaves started going nuts .
The reason was because that 's when there is nothing there . ”
Nowhere in the original Dead Space is this trick of contrast more evident than just after Isaac has exits the confines of the ship and enters Zero - G space for the first time .
This is one of the quietest moments in the game ; players are able to hear Isaac ’s breath and the clank of this boot heels against the hull of the ship , but little else .
The very first room Isaac steps into when he reenters the Ishimura is a large mechanical bay filled with flashing lights and an overwhelming cacophony of metal clanging .
“ It ’s the loudest room in the game , ” confirms Veca .
The urge to turn around after entering this room probably drove several players to set down their controllers and take a break .
Ambient sound tricks devised to tease and scare players are n’t always so overt .
However , that does n’t make the task of designing Dead Space ’s audio backdrop any easier .
A lot of ambient tracks run as long as two or three minutes .
These often continue on a loop until a player enters a new area .
The problem with this type of ambient noise is that if a player is doing a lot of exploring , they will hear the same section of music several times and eventually come to anticipate the boom .
Veca wanted to devise a system that would do away with this repetition ; he did n’t want players growing comfortable with Dead Space ’s audio .
“ I was watching the Saw , and I remember thinking how amazing it was that horror movies could get away with playing these nonsense sounds , ” says Veca .
“ In any other kind of movie , if you hear an ambient sound , it 's because something is making that sound , but in horror movies you hear these creepy things floating around .
In Dead Space I wanted to have these moving and floating sounds that complemented our streamed looped ambient . ”
Sound Byte 02 : Hivemind Scream
" Back when I first joined the project , about a year before Andy Lackey ( who created this sound ) , I went into the studio to create a bunch of crazy sounds that I thought we might be able to use as source audio later on .
Amongst other things , I brought in the alto sax I played in high school .
I recorded myself making lots of awful squeaks and squawks , put the sounds on our server , and totally forgot all about them .
When I was checking out the final Hivemind sounds in Andy ’s room , the creature would occasionally get really mad , bend down close to Isaac , and scream out of some smaller - yet - intimidating orifices .
The sound he used for this was something I ’d never heard before … really shrill and screechy , but still very organic .
When I asked what he used for the source material , he told me he found a bunch a squeaky saxaphone sounds on our audio server and used them for this sound ! "
- Don Veca , Visceral Game ’s audio director
[ View : http://media1.gameinformer.com/media/audio/ds2/Hivemind_scream_02.mp3:310:0]
Veca told his audio team to make their ambient tracks a little shorter , more vanilla , in order to create audio with fewer effects that would catch a player ’s attention when looped .
The team then wrote some software Veca calls “ the creepy ambi-patch . ”
This little piece of code would play separate small sounds , gradually changing their pitch and volume as they panned around Dead Space ’s 3D environments .
The effect worked beautifully , ensuring that every moment of Dead Space ’s ambient backgounds were different no matter how long a person explored , or how many times they replayed a section .
Another defining aspect of sound in film is how much control the creative team has over what the audience experiences .
The sequences in a film are planned out shot - for - shot , so a sound editor knows exactly how to pace the mood music .
Games do n’t provide that kind of luxury ; if a developer wants a big stinger to sound as soon as a player opens a door , they do n’t know how long a player might stare at the door beforehand or if the player will chose to turn around and walk in a different direction .
To get around this problem Veca placed invisible markers around the environment that emit scary effects .
“ Every enemy has one of these fear emitters , ” explains Veca .
“ They are basically broadcasting the amount of fear a player will hear .
So , if there is a fear emitter on that door , I ’ll activate it when I come in the first time , but the fear effects change as your proximity to it changes . ”
For Dead Space , each fear emitter could have up to four different layers of music that can change as players get closer .
Noise of the Necromorph
Ambient effects help set the stage for fear , but as soon as one of Dead Space ’s deformed Necromorphs steps out into the light , the game ’s background audio means little .
Perfecting the sounds for even one of the game ’s twisted beasts could take weeks of planning and iteration .
In an effort to make Dead Space scarier , and make its monsters truly terrifying , Veca turned to the one thing on Earth that human ’s have historically been afraid of the most – animals .
The sound of a wild dog is something that strikes to the heart of a human ’s primal instincts ; it sends subconscious messages to different part of the body preparing it for an attack .
The sounds of the animal kingdom are a powerful tool in the hands of the right Foley artist .
Of course , Veca did n’t want the Necromorphs in Dead Space to sound like lions , tigers , and bears .
New sounds were created by layering and interweaving pieces of up to five or six different creatures .
These were n’t always your common zoo sounds , either .
“ The ordinary whinny of a horse just sounds silly , ” explains Veca .
“ But have you ever heard a horse doing it ?
There are a lot of recordings out there of animals under unique situations making freaky sounds . ”
Sound Byte 03 : Lurker Attack
“ The Lurker is at the other end of the spectrum as far as Dead Space creatures go .
It ’s one of the smallest enemies , and is almost baby - like .
However , the designers really wanted it to sound mean , nasty , and intimidating .
This was challenging because it had to sound childlike , yet mean and menacing too .
What I wound up using was a mixture of intimidating leopard and lion sounds , carefully edited and mixed with child screams and baby coos .
In this example , the first tenth of a second is a baby coo , cross -fading into a mix of leopard roar and child scream , and the final tail of the sound cross - fades into more of a lower lion growl , with bit of processing on some of the elements as well . ”
- Don Veca , Visceral Game ’s audio director
[ View : http://media1.gameinformer.com/media/audio/ds2/Lurker_attack_01.mp3:310:0]
The lurkers of Dead Space are a good example of how this kind of sound layering works .
According to Dead Space mythology , lurkers were once infants who have been mutated by necromorph biology .
They crawl along the walls and produce three long tendrils capable of shooting spikes at the player .
“ If you listen to the lurker , the very first few hundred milliseconds – maybe the first 300 – of his vocalization is a baby coo , ” says Veca .
“ It ’s a really cute baby .
When you mix it with the rest of the sounds you do n’t hear a baby , but subliminally I think you pick up on some of that . ”
Its an old kind of alchemy creating a soundtrack for a horror game – sounds stolen from our world , twisted to sound unrecognizable , and yet subtlety familiar .
It ’s clear that Veca is preying on the human subconscious .
All the little sound tricks used in Dead Space are designed the throw players off guard or make them uncomfortable .
Whether we ’re aware of it or not , Veca uses these tricks to fool our minds into fear – and we ’re happy to keep falling for them .
Lincoln , Me. ( DG ) —
Over the years , brands of beer have come and gone .
Today , national brands like Miller High Life , Budweiser , and Coors receive the most attention in print , radio , and TV advertising .
Missing from the list of national brands I just mentioned is Schlitz .
Although it is still made , Schlitz , has disappeared from the public eye .
In its heyday , Schlitz was among the leading brands of beer .
If its saying is accurate , the city of Milwaukee would n’t be famous without it .
At one time , Schlitz was the top selling beer .
More on that later , but first , here is a brief history on how Schlitz was presented in its print advertising during radio ’s golden age .
The enclosed ad to your right was printed in 1937 .
The fancy bottle was the “ Steinie . ”
It was specially made this way so it easy to handle and did n’t take up space in the fridge or icebox .
In an interesting bit of trivia ( and according to another Schlitz print ad ) , the Joseph Schlitz Brewing Company pioneered the idea of bottling its beer in brown bottles .
This was done to keep unwanted light out and keep the freshness of the beer in .
For those people who wanted their beer in cans and nothing else , Schlitz did n’t leave them out .
At the same time the Stenie and the traditional tall brown bottles were used , Schlitz was also packaged in “ Cap Sealed ” cans .
Unlike the flat top cans we are used to today , the Schlitz Cap Sealed Can of the 1930 ’s was designed like the “ Cone Top ” cans that were popular at the time .
These cans were sealed with the same caps the Schlitz bottles used .
Like their bottle counterparts , the Cap Sealed Cans were specially designed to maintain the fresh , smooth , and clean taste Schlitz provided its drinkers .
As an added bonus , Schlitz was enriched with “ Sunshine Vitamin D ” --- that same health promoting vitamin found in good tasting milk and not so good tasting cod liver oil .
Believe it or not , the ads during the 1930 ’s stated Schlitz With Sunshine Vitamin D was good for its drinkers .
From a personal viewpoint , Schlitz took a big chance with this bold statement , because a lot of people have a reputation of staying away from food and beverages that were considered good for them .
In this case , Schlitz drinkers did n’t mind , because their favorite beer was delightful to the taste buds from the first sip to the last .
In later years , Schlitz advertising went from Vitamin D to kissing .
In addition to the best ingredients used , the secret to the beer ’s success was Schlitz --- and only Schlitz used “ Just The Kiss Of The Hops . ”
No , the Schlitz people did n’t pucker up and kiss every hop it used for its beer .
The Kiss Of The Hops contributed to a light beer taste without a single trace of bitterness .
With a lot of satisfied beer drinkers around the country , Schlitz consistently ranked among the top selling brands .
Not only that , Schlitz was THE largest selling beer during the early 1950’s .
The radio listeners heard announcer Ken Carpenter talk about the beer ’s amazing success on THE HALLS OF IVY program on NBC Radio .
At the halfway point of the program , announcer Carpenter and one of the characters from the program had a brief chat about the storyline and more importantly , about Schlitz .
In the enclosed commercial , Doc Bateman , the head of Ivy University ’s Chemistry Department , was correcting quarter term exam papers .
He let out a painful groan at a wrong answer one of his students put on his / her paper .
Before going into hysterics , Bateman was reprieved when Carpenter arrived .
The announcer wanted to talk about Schlitz and how it was “ First In Sales In The U.S.A . ”
From frustration of his students to anticipation of drinking a cold Schlitz , Bateman asked Carpenter if he knew where there were 2 full bottles of Schlitz waiting for someone to drink its content .
Being a good announcer , Carpenter immediately knew where to find the product he sold on the program .
The commercial closed with the 2 men on their way to a refreshing Schlitz break .
When radio’s golden era coming to a close , Schlitz was still heard on the radio .
Its advertising focused on the joy of good living .
The meaning of good living was any time of the day when people like the couple in the enclosed ad were ready to relax with a refreshing beer .
Of course , that refreshing beer was Schlitz .
On the radio , Vic Damone sang a clever jingle on the real joy of good living .
When beer was a part of that good living , Damone musically suggested that all beer drinkers “ Move Up To Quality …..
Move up To Schlitz . ”
As for its # 1 ranking in sales in the U.S.A. , Damone sang in the jingle that Schlitz expanded its popularity to the largest selling beer in the world .
It outsold any and all beer from the cheapest to the highest quality premium brews .
When radio’s golden age ended , Schlitz continued on as a popular beer .
It was heard on radio and seen on TV with an array of clever musical jingles that helped sell the beer .
As the years progressed , however , Schlitz was overtaken in popularity by the competition .
When the major breweries started to acquire the competition ( including Joseph Schlitz Brewing Company ) , Schlitz started to fade from the national scene .
It is now made by Pabst Brewing Company ( another well known Milwaukee brewery ) , but only in a limited supply .
Sadly , “ The Beer That Made Milwaukee Famous ” is n’t famous anymore .
Like the other popular radio sponsors of yesteryear , Schlitz has given way to today ’s popular and modern beer brands .
Professional DVD Movie Maker to create your own movie from source file :
Directly add video / image / audio files to Slideshow project
Edit the output video / audio effect
Directly create video / audio files after you well edit it
4 Easysoft DVD Movie Maker can make movie from your own video / photo / audio source files with almost all the formats acceptable and create any formats of video / audio files like MP4 , AVI , FLV , SWF , MP3 , AAC , etc .
Adding the transition effect and subtitle makes your movie more enjoyable .
Then your self - created video / audio files can be enjoyed on any player or share online with others .
As the most professional Movie Maker tool , 4 Easysoft DVD Movie Maker is possessed of more valuable editing functions : capture the exact file clips adding to Slideshow project , crop the output play screen and adjust the output visual / aural effect .
The pre-set video / audio collections provides you more valuable resources and for you to well manage your own sources .
As I pointed out in May 2008 :
In April 2009 , I noted :
The number two man at the State Department , Colonel Lawrence B. Wilkerson , said that many of those tortured at Guantanamo Bay were innocent , but that the Bush administration did not really care whether they were innocent or not .
Respected political scientist Michael Haas has confirmed that children were tortured , and Raw Story has explained that the newly - release Bush torture memos may corroborate claims that at least some detainees ' children were tortured using insects .
Last December , I wrote :
Many reporters have said that the Bagram prison facility in Afghanistan is worse than Guantanamo ever was .
Moreover , abuse is apparently still occurring there .
As Spiegel wrote on September 21 , 2009 , in an article entitled " Prisoner Abuse Continues at Bagram Prison in Afghanistan " :
US President Barack Obama has spoken out against CIA prisoner abuse and wants to close Guantanamo .
But he tolerates the existence of Bagram military prison in Afghanistan , where more than 600 people are being held without charge .
The facility makes Guantanamo look like a " nice hotel , " in the words of one military prosecutor ...
Bagram is " the forgotten second Guantanamo , " says American military law expert Eugene Fidell , a professor at Yale Law School .
" But apparently there is a continuing need for this sort of place even under the Obama administration .
" From the beginning , " Bagram was worse than Guantanamo , " says New York - based attorney Tina Foster , who has argued several cases on behalf of detainee rights in US courts .
" Bagram has always been a torture chamber . "
And what does Obama say ?
Nothing .
He never so much as mentions Bagram in any of his speeches .
When discussing America 's mistreatment of detainees , he only refers to Guantanamo ...
From the beginning , Bagram was notorious for the brutal forms of torture employed there .
Former inmates report incidents of sleep deprivation , beatings and various forms of sexual humiliation [ and rape with sticks ] ...
At least two men died during imprisonment .
One of them , a 22 - year - old taxi driver named Dilawar , was suspended by his hands from the ceiling for four days , during which US military personnel repeatedly beat his legs .
Dilawar died on Dec. 10 , 2002 .
In the autopsy report , a military doctor wrote that the tissue on his legs had basically been " pulpified . "
As it happens , his interrogators had already known -- and later testified -- that there was no evidence against Dilawar ...
However attorney Tina Foster feels that the new initiative is just a cosmetic measure .
" There is absolutely no difference between the Bush administration and the Obama administration 's position with respect to Bagram detainees ' rights , " she says during an interview with SPIEGEL in her office in the New York borough of Queens .
And see this .
Moreover , Obama is still apparently allowing " rendition flights " - where prisoners are flown to countries which freely torture - to continue ...
Finally , Jeremy Scahill - the reporter who broke most of the stories on Blackwater - says that some forms of torture at Guantanamo have continued under Obama , and may even have gotten worse .
For example , Scahill points out that :
The Center for Constitutional Rights released a report titled " Conditions of Confinement at Guantánamo : Still In Violation of the Law , " which found that abuses continued .
In fact , one Guantanamo lawyer , Ahmed Ghappour , said that his clients were reporting " a ramping up in abuse " since Obama was elected .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) -
An enormous television screen showing a pornographic film caused a midnight traffic jam in central Moscow Thursday as stunned motorists slammed on the brakes to gawk at the writhing naked bodies .
The owner of the advertising screen , which sits atop a main road about two km ( 1.2 miles ) south of the Kremlin , told the state - run RIA news agency that hackers had broken into the screen ’s computer system and turned on the porn .
“ They were either acting out of hooliganism or were from a rival company , ” Viktor Laptev , commercial director of advertising firm Panno.ru , told RIA .
A short clip showing cars slowing to a halt to look at the screen sprung up on youtube.com and internet sites Friday across Russia , a country which banned nudity on television before the Soviet Union fell in 1991 .
Authorities said they are investigating , RIA added .
Health care reform — which is crucial for millions of Americans — hangs in the balance .
Progressives are desperately in need of leadership ; more specifically , House Democrats need to be told to pass the Senate bill , which is n’t what they wanted but is vastly better than nothing .
And what we get from the great progressive hope , the man who was offering hope and change , is this :
I would advise that we try to move quickly to coalesce around those elements of the package that people agree on .
We know that we need insurance reform , that the health insurance companies are taking advantage of people .
We know that we have to have some form of cost containment because if we do n’t , then our budgets are going to blow up and we know that small businesses are going to need help so that they can provide health insurance to their families .
Those are the core , some of the core elements of , to this bill .
Now I think there ’s some things in there that people do n’t like and legitimately do n’t like .
In short , “ Run away , run away ” !
Maybe House Democrats can pull this out , even with a gaping hole in White House leadership .
Barney Frank seems to have thought better of his initial defeatism .
But I have to say , I ’m pretty close to giving up on Mr. Obama , who seems determined to confirm every doubt I and others ever had about whether he was ready to fight for what his supporters believed in .
By Olivia Scheck
Last week , while vacationing in San Francisco , I was introduced to a new and thoroughly modern form of evening entertainment .
Instead of buying tickets to a concert , “ getting sloshed ” or simply enjoying each other 's company , my hosts and I gathered around a computer to video chat with strangers .
Using a website called Chatroulette , we connected instantly to female college students in Korea , teenage boys in Brazil and one gentleman dressed as a horse .
For the first few minutes of our exchange , the equine man danced before his webcam .
Afterwards , he took off his mask , and we had a surprisingly intimate discussion about his life in a quiet Massachusetts town where he wished he had more friends .
Websites connecting strangers for aimless chatter are nearly as old as the internet itself .
AOL chat rooms , which still provide a meeting place for groups to chat about American Idol and True Love After 40 , reached their height of popularity in the late 90's .
More recently , a teenage web programmer developed a website called Omegle to connect strangers in one - on - one interactions .
Unlike traditional chat rooms , Omegle pairs users randomly and gives them no information about the people with whom they are chatting .
( Instead of usernames , participants appear as “ you ” and “ me . ” )
Either party can disconnect and begin chatting with someone new at any time .
Chatroulette , which employs the same format plus live audio and video , is the natural follow - up to Omegle , however the user experience is considerably more bizarre .
With each connection , you are transported to someone 's living room , bedroom or office cubicle .
Unlike traditional text chat , the video feature provides much of the information ( e.g. physical appearance , voice and mannerisms ) that you use to read people in daily life .
And the tendency towards prevarication that has historically marred internet meeting places is mitigated .
You can't claim to be a 14 - year - old girl if you 're a middle - aged man , but you can still deny being middle aged .
In other words , Chatroulette is eerily similar to the real world .
If you 're an optimist , you might predict that this increased likeness to reality would bring with it greater adherence to real - world etiquette ( as compared to traditional text chat rooms ) .
This does not seem to be the case .
In a one - hour stint on Chatroulette , you 'll see more sexual exhibitionists than have graced the New York City subway system throughout history , and do n't be surprised if your chatting partner encourages you to disrobe .
While I am dismayed that this opportunity for cultural learning has been , so far , squandered on performance masturbation , I suppose I should n't be surprised .
The perception of anonymity provided by computer - mediated interactions has resulted in many more disturbing cases of disinhibition .
Consider the 2006 suicide of 13 - year - old Megan Meier , who was allegedly bullied on MySpace by a classmate and the classmate 's mother .
Emotional abuse through digital media has become so widespread that the Advertising Council recently launched a public service campaign against “ digital violence . ”
Still , computer - mediated interaction may also have positive effects on behavior .
Communicating in a non-physical , anonymous space could potentially lead to more open , even therapeutic , exchanges .
Perhaps this is why a person who is introverted in his physical life chooses to don a horse costume and dance for strangers on the internet .
One hopes that in the future sites like Chatroulette can preserve the freeing effects of a social world without consequences while limiting the unfortunate behavior that can accompany it .
In the mean time , Chatroulette is a fascinating social project , though it is not one for the faint of heart .
The retreat of the Arctic ice is clearly visible in this composite , comparing 2007 levels ( top ) to 2005 ( bottom )
The leaking of emails and other documents from the Climate Research Unit ( CRU ) at the University of East Anglia , UK , has led to a media and political storm .
The affair is being portrayed as a scandal that undermines the science behind climate change .
It is no such thing , and here ’s why .
We can be 100 per cent sure the world is getting warmer
Forget about the temperature records compiled by researchers such as those whose emails were hacked .
Next spring , go out into your garden or the nearby countryside and note when the leaves unfold , when flowers bloom , when migrating birds arrive and so on .
Compare your findings with historical records , where available , and you ’ll probably find spring is coming days , even weeks earlier than a few decades ago .
Advertisement
You ca n’t fake spring coming earlier , or trees growing higher up on mountains , or glaciers retreating for kilometres up valleys , or shrinking ice cover in the Arctic , or birds changing their migration times , or permafrost melting in Alaska , or the tropics expanding , or ice shelves on the Antarctic peninsula breaking up , or peak river flow occurring earlier in summer because of earlier snowmelt , or sea level rising faster and faster , or any of the thousands of similar examples .
None of these observations by themselves prove the world is warming ; they could simply be regional effects , for instance .
But put all the data from around the world together , and you have overwhelming evidence of a long - term warming trend .
We know greenhouse gases are the main cause of warming
There are many ways , theoretically , to warm a planet .
Orbital changes might bring it closer to its star .
The star itself might brighten .
The planet ’s reflectivity – albedo – can change if white ice is replaced by darker vegetation or water .
Changes in composition of the atmosphere can trap more heat , and so on .
It could even be that Earth is n’t really warming overall , just that there has been a transfer of heat from the oceans to the atmosphere .
Researchers have to look at all of these factors .
And they have .
Direct measurements since the 1970s make it certain , for instance , that neither the sun ’s fluctuating brightness nor changes in the number of cosmic rays hitting Earth are responsible for the recent warming .
Similarly , direct measurements over the past century show that the oceans have warmed dramatically .
The planet as a whole is getting warmer .
That leaves the rising levels of greenhouse gases in Earth ’s atmosphere – which have been directly measured – as the main suspects .
Working out how these changes should affect the planet ’s temperature in theory is extremely complicated .
The only way to do it is to plug all the detailed physics into computers – create computer models , in other words .
The results show that the only factor that produces anything like the temperature rise seen is the observed increase in greenhouse gases .
How do we know the models are n’t wrong ?
From studies of past climate .
To take one example , ice cores drilled from the Antarctic ice - sheet show a surprisingly close correlation between greenhouse gas levels and temperature over the past 800,000 years .
During this time , greenhouse gases have never risen as high or as fast as they are now .
That means there is still a lot of uncertainty about the extent of future warming – estimates of the effect of doubling CO 2 , including all feedback processes , range from 2 °C to 6°C .
But the big picture is clear .
Is it possible that tens of thousands of scientists have got it wrong ?
It is incredibly unlikely .
The evidence that CO 2 levels are rising is irrefutable , and the idea that rising levels lead to warming has withstood more than a century of genuine scientific scepticism .
So why are scientists “ fixing ” the temperature data ?
Some of the contents of the hacked material , such as the “ Harry_read_me.txt ” file , might appear shocking , with its talk of manipulation and “ tricks ” .
But raw data almost always has to be “ fixed ” .
For example , suppose you and your neighbour keep a record of the temperature where you live , and decide to combine your records to create an “ official ” record for your locality .
When you compare records , however , you ’re surprised to find they are very different .
There are many reasons why this might be so .
One or other thermometer might be faulty .
Perhaps you placed your thermometer in an inherently warmer place , or where it was sometimes in direct sunshine , or took measurements at a different time of day , and so on .
To combine the two records in any meaningful way , you ’ll need to adjust the raw data to account for any such factors .
Not doing so would be pretty dumb .
Where possible , scientists should always look at their data in the context of other , comparable data .
Such scrutiny can often reveal problems in the way one or other set of data was acquired , meaning it needs adjusting or discarding .
Some apparent problems with the predictions of climate models , for example , have actually turned out to be due to problems with real - world data caused by the failure to correct for factors such as the gradual changes in orbits of satellites .
The tricky question is where to draw the line .
There is a continuum from corrections based on known problems ( essential ) , to adjustments based on probable errors in the data ( good practice as long as all assumptions are made clear ) , to adjustments done solely to make the data fit a hypothesis ( distinctly dodgy ) .
It remains to be seen if any of the adjustments described in the hacked material fall into this last category .
But the mere fact that the leaked material reveals climate researchers “ fixing ” data is not proof of fraud .
Manipulating data is what scientists do .
But what about that “ trick ” to “ hide the decline ” ?
One of the leaked emails refers the “ trick ” of adding the real temperatures , as recorded by thermometers , to reconstructions of past temperatures based on looking at things such as growth rings in trees .
The problem is that some sets of tree - ring data suggest temperatures start falling towards the end of the 20th century , which direct temperature measurements show was not the case .
So the researchers instead replaced the reconstructed temperature data for this period with the directly measured temperature data .
Is this an unjustified “ fix ” ?
No , because some sets of tree - ring data can be compared with the direct records of local temperature for the past century .
Up until the 1960s , there is a very close correlation between the density of growth rings in trees in northern latitudes and summer temperatures , but after this it starts to break down .
We do n’t know why .
It might be that the correlation breaks down whenever it gets too hot , in which case reconstructions of past temperature that rely heavily on tree - ring data will give a misleading picture .
Or it might be due to some factor unique to the 20th century , such as changes in the timing of the snow melt , in which case it will not affect reconstructions .
The issue has not yet been resolved but there has been no attempt to conceal this or any of the many other problems with temperature reconstructions .
On the contrary , the head of the Climate Research Unit at East Anglia , Phil Jones , and others have published papers discussing it in prominent journals such as Nature .
What really matters is not how hot it is now or how hot it was a few hundred years ago , but how hot it is going to get .
Campaigners have highlighted temperature reconstructions like the “ hockey stick ” graph because they are easy for people to understand , but in scientific terms they are not of great significance .
We know the world is warming and we know that the main cause is rising CO 2 levels .
So with CO 2 levels rising ever faster , we can be sure things are going to get a lot hotter .
But surely any attempt to block publication of sceptical scientific papers is indefensible ?
Some of the leaked emails reveal the climate researchers ’ unhappiness with the publication of certain scientific papers questioning the global warming consensus , and discuss removing journal editors they perceived as being sympathetic to global warming sceptics .
This sounds horrifying to some non-scientists .
But many are confusing two very different things : attempting to block publication in certain scientific journals and the suppression of information .
Scientific journals are only supposed to publish papers that meet certain scientific standards .
Researchers work for years on papers and then submit them to the top journals in their field .
The editors select the ones they think are most important or noteworthy , and send them to a handful of reviewers – scientists working in the same areas .
Each reviewer sends back a report suggesting acceptance , rejection or revisions , and the editor decides whether to publish based on these reports .
Most papers sent to leading journals get rejected .
This system of “ peer review ” has its critics , but is generally regarded as the least - worst system to ensure the quality of published scientific research .
Researchers whose work is rejected can resubmit their papers to other , less high - profile journals .
Failing that , anyone is free to publish their views on global warming online , or in books and newspapers if they can .
Many leading scientists think that the papers mentioned in the emails had serious scientific flaws and possibly should not have been accepted by the journals in question .
If this were the case , it would raise questions about the role of the editors at those journals .
It is hardly outrageous behaviour to call for the replacement of people who are , in your personal view , not doing their jobs properly .
What about apparent attempts to avoid freedom of information requests ?
In some emails , Jones – who has stepped down pending a review of what went on – discusses ways not to fulfil requests made under the UK ’s freedom of information laws .
In one , he calls on other researchers to delete certain emails .
While on the face of it this does not look good , whether any researchers broke any laws or breached any university guidelines remains to be determined .
In other cases , however , it is clear that researchers could not comply with freedom of information requests because they did not have the right to release all the data in question .
There is also no doubt that climate change deniers have been using freedom of information requests to harass researchers and waste their time , with the CRU receiving more than 50 such requests in one week alone this year .
What ’s more , individual researchers have little to gain from giving away data and software they have spent years working on .
Scientific careers depend on how many papers you publish .
If you keep data to yourself , no one else can publish papers based on it before you do .
This does not mean researchers should be allowed to hold onto their data .
It is undoubtedly in the public interest for there to be full disclosure of the measurements upon which climate scientists are basing their conclusions .
In fact , much of it is already freely available .
But the pressures climate researchers are under does help to explain why many are so reluctant to make all data public .
Clearly , the leaked emails have caused disquiet in some quarters .
There ’s no doubt there are concerns about the content of some of the emails – even when you know the way science really works – as laid out above .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and the University of East Anglia are now holding investigations to determine if anything unethical did go on .
But nothing in them justifies claims of a massive conspiracy , or undermines the certainty about climate change and its causes .
President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaIt 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach Obama steps into The Shade Room to urge ' roommates ' to vote , says White House ' working to keep people from voting '
MORE ’s proposal to freeze government spending is turning out to be a tough sell on Capitol Hill .
His liberal base warned Tuesday the three - year cap on most non-defense discretionary spending could hamper an economic recovery .
Conservatives dismissed it as insufficient and just for show .
ADVERTISEMENT
Even the bipartisan group of lawmakers who praised Obama ’s plan , most of them centrists , questioned whether he has the fortitude to veto plump spending bills that fail to adhere to the limits he has set .
They also wonder if he will take further steps to rein in the $ 12.3 trillion federal debt .
Top Republicans , including Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison ( Mitch ) Mitchell McConnellIn rare move , Schumer forces vote to consider health care bill amid Supreme Court tensions COVID - 19 talks hit crucial stretch Supreme Court nominee gives no clues in GOP meeting MORE ( Ky. ) and Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainAmerica 's presence in Cam Ranh Bay should be more than occasional Meghan McCain , husband welcome first baby girl , Liberty Sage McCain Domenech The Hill 's Morning Report - Sponsored by JobsOhio - Showdown : Trump - Biden debate likely to be nasty MORE ( Ariz . ) , offered tepid support for Obama ’s plan , saying it was n’t enough .
“ Of course I ’m glad , but now there ’s got to be spending cuts , ” said McCain , who called for a discretionary spending freeze during the 2008 presidential debates .
“ They ’ve added nearly 20 percent in spending in the past year .
So a freeze is the right thing to do , but we ’ll have to see how it gets implemented . ”
Some of the harshest criticism has come from the left , where interest groups and commentators have blasted the president for limiting spending during an economic recession .
MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow said the proposal is similar to the kind of strategy “ Herbert Hoover used in the ’30s to make the depression great . ”
Liberal lawmakers also expressed strong objections .
“ I ’m just concerned that in a recessionary time , you do n’t pull back government , ” said Sen .
Sherrod Brown Sherrod Campbell BrownMnuchin says he and Pelosi have agreed to restart coronavirus stimulus talks Harris faces pivotal moment with Supreme Court battle Remote work poses state tax challenges MORE ( D - Ohio ) .
“ What does that mean for job growth ? ”
The White House leaked the proposal two days ahead of the president ’s first State of the Union address , in which Obama is expected to formally announce the plan .
With the president ’s top legislative priority — healthcare reform — in flux and polls showing increasing public dissatisfaction with Washington ’s handling of the economy , Obama is turning to a new , more populist agenda focusing on middle - class and independent voters .
Most senior Democrats , including Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidGOP senators confident Trump pick to be confirmed by November Durbin : Democrats can ' slow ' Supreme Court confirmation ' perhaps a matter of hours , maybe days at most ' Supreme Court fight pushes Senate toward brink MORE ( Nev. ) and Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( Calif . ) , withheld their backing for the proposed freeze , saying they needed to see details .
The strongest backing in Congress has come from centrists .
“ I think it [ sends ] a very important signal that the government is getting serious about getting its own house in order , ” said Senate Budget Committee Chairman Kent Conrad ( D - N.D. ) .
The freeze , as Obama administration officials described it Monday , would last from 2011 to 2013 and would apply to discretionary spending unrelated to the military , foreign operations , veterans ’ affairs and homeland security .
It also would n’t affect entitlement programs such as Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security .
It would keep spending levels at the affected departments at about $ 447 billion , about an eighth of the entire 2010 federal budget .
The administration said the freeze would lead to $ 250 billion in savings over the next 10 years .
The Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) , the government ’s official fiscal scorekeeper , said Tuesday that the government faces a “ daunting ” fiscal future .
The 2010 federal budget deficit will be $ 1.35 trillion , nearly as large as last year ’s record $ 1.4 trillion budget shortfall , and deficits will average $ 600 billion over the next decade , according to CBO ’s budget outlook .
“ U.S. fiscal policy is on an unsustainable path to an extent that cannot be solved by minor tinkering , ” said CBO Director Douglas Elmendorf .
ADVERTISEMENT
He warned large amounts of debt often crowd out private investment , hampering worker productivity and income .
But the CBO report also gave ammo to those on the left concerned about cutting back on spending while the unemployment rate remains high .
The unemployment rate will average more than 10 percent for the first half of this year and then decline at a slower pace than in past recoveries , the CBO said .
The jobless rate wo n’t return to a sustainable level of 5 percent until 2014 , the budget office predicted .
Lawmakers were questioning the spending freeze on the same day senators rejected a bipartisan fiscal commission that would make recommendations to reduce deficits .
The amendment , which required 60 votes to be adopted , failed on a 53 - 46 vote .
White House officials acknowledged the freeze would n’t fix the country ’s red ink problem but would show the government is concerned about it .
“ The president made these decisions like a family would sitting around the dinner table , ” a senior administration official said .
“ It ca n’t spend more money than it has ... it has to make some decisions about what is vital . ”
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs acknowledged Tuesday that the administration could face a fight over spending levels , but he pushed back against suggestions that a freeze would slow down the economy .
“ The president does not believe , the economic team does not believe that the overall macroeconomic effect would impact the recovery efforts , ” Gibbs said during his daily press briefing .
Sen . Evan Bayh ( D - Ind. ) backed Obama ’s call for a spending freeze and called for legislation that would “ codify ” the freeze to make sure lawmakers would adhere to it .
“ No more tricks , ” Bayh said .
“ The American people want responsible federal government . ”
Bayh , who has partnered with McCain on legislation , is seeking a freeze on non-security discretionary spending until the federal budget is balanced .
That freeze would also put a moratorium on earmarks until the deficit is eliminated and give the president a line - item veto to strike out wasteful earmark spending .
GOP senators who have blasted Obama for backing big - ticket items , such as the $ 787 billion stimulus and the bailouts of banks and the auto industry , said his spending freeze will do little to fix the economy .
“ To me it ’s totally meaningless , ” said Sen. James Inhofe James ( Jim ) Mountain InhofeOvernight Defense : Appeals court revives
House lawsuit against military funding for border wall |
Dems push for limits on transferring military gear to police | Lawmakers ask for IG probe into Pentagon 's use of COVID - 19 funds Democrats push to limit transfer of military - grade gear to police Chamber of Commerce endorses McSally for reelection MORE ( R - Okla . ) .
“ But it ’s obvious why he ’s doing it .
The idea is smart :
He ’s going to try to make people think he ’s concerned about spending , which he is n’t . ”
Jordan Fabian contributed to this article .
I ’m thinking a lot about food systems these days .
Fundamentally , there seems to be collective agreement that ours is broken ( unless you happen to work for Monsanto or Smithfield ) , so I ’ve been spending a lot of time thinking about how we might fix it .
( Jill Richardson ’s excellent “ Recipe for America ” has a few ideas too - that and her La Vida Locavore blog are well worth reading . )
Specifically , I ’ve been thinking about food systems that are :
Scalable - I do n’t buy the argument that good food can’t feed the world , and such a faraway goal should not prevent us from taking steps to get there .
- I do n’t buy the argument that good food ca n’t feed the world , and such a faraway goal should not prevent us from taking steps to get there .
Replicable -
If people are eating more local and seasonal food , then production needs to be decentralized .
In this case , growing practices must be replicable ( not necessarily scalable ) in order to work in different locations .
- If people are eating more local and seasonal food , then production needs to be decentralized .
In this case , growing practices must be replicable ( not necessarily scalable ) in order to work in different locations .
Sustainable - Farming practices that ca n’t sustain consumers wo n’t work , nor will those that do n’t sustain the land or the farms themselves .
- Farming practices that ca n’t sustain consumers wo n’t work , nor will those that do n’t sustain the land or the farms themselves .
Impactful - Small steps matter , but so do big ones .
For example , how can we compare the impact of Featherstone Farm on local food to the impact of Stonyfield selling organic food to Wal - mart ?
Lucky for me , I have access to amazing people to talk through these issues and to start figuring out the answers .
One of these people is Theresa Marquez , Chief Marketing Executive for Organic Valley .
Theresa and I recently had the chance to sit down at their corporate headquarters in LaFarge , Wisconsin to discuss Organic Valley in the context of food systems .
Our conversation lasted several hours , and was far - reaching and fascinating .
Organic Valley , started in 1988 , was a small ( seven farmer ) , organic farming cooperative , the Coulee Region Organic Produce Pool ( CROPP ) .
Although the co-op was not originally focused on dairy , dairy is what Organic Valley has come to be best known for , winning butter awards and spreading the gospel of organic foods on their way to becoming a $ 500 + million organization .
Organic Valley rightly takes pride in having helped grow awareness in organic food - and the organic food market - considerably .
Most amazing to me is the fact that the now - large company has remained so true to its original cooperative ideals .
Theresa Marquez was there since nearly the beginning .
On the day I met with Theresa , there was an uproar over raw milk - one of Organic Valley ’s farmers had gotten busted for selling it and the market was demanding a company response .
At most companies , the Chief Marketing Officer would be dispatched , probably looping in other top executives , and a position would be crafted .
Not so at Organic Valley , where 1400 + farmer owners need to be considered .
So I was pretty sure I knew the answer to the first question I asked - does being a cooperative make things different for Organic Valley ?
- before I asked it .
“ Boy , does it ever ! ” Theresa says , “ it ’d be so easy if we were n’t a co-op .
The way we ’re set up , we have so many different opinions , we ca n’t dictate to [ our farmer - owners ] from the top down .
We use the democratic process , as cumbersome as it might be .
The democratic process asks people to resolve their differences , to vote for what they think is right .
It also asks people to set aside what ’s best for them alone and to consider what ’s best for everyone . ”
Theresa is barely getting started .
“ Society is greedy , ” she says , “ that ’s the reason for the bailout - greed ! ” I ’m not arguing .
“ [ Organic Valley ] is the antithesis of Wall Street .
You have to work for a living .
Should n’t we as a society put some thought into the real difference between how we treat a rich person and a poor person ? ”
Theresa goes on to explain that Organic Valley is a true co-op ( “ none of us is wiser than all of us , ” she says ) : the Board of Directors is elected by the farmers , the CEO ( founding member George Siemon ) is hired by the Board , and everyone is accountable to the farmers .
The sheer size of Organic Valley makes it one of the leaders in a space known as “ Agriculture of the Middle . ”
Agriculture of the Middle , started in 2003 , is the brainchild of Fred Kirschenmann from Iowa State University .
Philosophically , the non-profit organization believes that medium sized companies are our best way out of the food mess we ’re in .
Here ’s what it says on their website :
This national initiative seeks to renew what is being called the “ agriculture - of - the - middle . ”
This term refers to a disappearing sector of mid-scale farms / ranches and related agrifood enterprises that are unable to successfully market bulk commodities or sell food directly to consumers .
In vastly oversimplified terms , here ’s what ’s happening .
Small , successful farms are one day presented with two viable business options : continue working like crazy producing enough food to make ends meet , or ; sell the farm to a gigantic company that promises to keep things just as they are - and also to provide financial stability to the farmer 's family for generations to come .
On one end of the spectrum , we have farmers who stay true to their ideals at the expense of their livelihood .
On the other end of the spectrum , we have farmers who take the big payday , committing to keeping the business “ pure ” while also choosing financial stability .
Very few businesses in this situation remain pure .
Agriculture of the Middle aims to provide another reasonable alternative for these farmers , and Organic Valley - and its 1400 + farmers - are our country ’s best example of how to grow reasonably big without selling out .
( The second biggest example company , Country Natural Beef , is a 100 - member rancher cooperative in the northwestern U.S. )
Although I support my small , local farms when I can , I find the Agriculture of the Middle argument compelling in the same way that I support Stonyfield Farms quest to bring good food to Wal - mart .
For most people in this country , knowing their farmer is simply not a viable option .
Getting better food into large grocery stores may well be .
Theresa Marquez is , unsurprisingly , a believer in Agriculture of the Middle .
When I ask how companies in the middle - like Organic Valley - will survive and thrive , Theresa takes a deep breath .
“ We need competitive pricing , ” she starts .
“ We need to pool the little guys and create a very high quality product .
Dean Foods [ owners of the Horizon organic milk brand ] is a 14 billion dollar company [ so it 's hard to compete ] .
We need to provide excellent customer service , and continue to solve problems as a team .
Retailers hate to have only one choice , and we ’ve got to be a viable option for them .
We also need to tell our story - it ’s a great story and people need to connect with people and their stories . ”
Even as Theresa describes the advantages of a regional co-op model ( reduced expenses , efficient systems , less duplicated effort , economies of scale , etc. ) , she makes it clear that she supports the little guy .
She ’s excited to see Cedar Summit Farm milk in more stores , and she hopes terrific farms and companies like that continue to grow .
True to her philosophy , Theresa sees room for everyone in the market , and she wants to be sure that everyone gets a fair chance to be successful .
Part 2 : Theresa Marquez takes on corporate greed and big agriculture .
Who are ' they ' that Jacob says are coming ?
Who is the man in black with Jacob at the beach in the episode ' The Incident ' ?
Why does this man in black want to kill Jacob ?
Why can't he ?
Why is he searching for ' loopholes ' for it ?
What is the secret of the four toed statue ?
What is the secret of the ' Smoke Monster ' ?
Is there any explanation for why the island is the way it is ?
And many others .
Will the last season answer all our queries ?
I guess thats not going to happen .
It will surely leave some unanswered question for the fans to wonder about .
That 's the essence of the show after all .
All in all , it is one of the most anticipated seasons of all time .
Think you know the answer to any of those questions ?
Then share it right here and lets see what others think about it .
If you have seen the series upto now i.e the 5 seasons of some serious drama , action and mostly mystery then you are eagerly awaiting the day of the start of the sixth and the final season .
Well , the wait is about to be over .
The last season of the amazing series is coming back on the 2nd of February with a grand three hour premiere event .
All the fans eagerly await the day hoping that it will be as good as the earlier ones and most importantly it answers the mysteries it has left behind it .
The ABC entertainment president claims that it will be a highly shocking finale .
An official teaser was released quite a while back which added one more question to the already long list of unanswered questions .
See for yourself and try to figure out :
The fans expect a lot of questions to be answered in the Final season .
The most prominent ones being :
8 musiciens , 5 instruments , 4 continents , 3 langues différentes et 1 chanson .
Tel est le projet de Dumb Found Dead .
Réunir virtuellement ces 8 musiciens pour qu’ils chantent ensemble une chanson universelle .
Un projet qui n’est pas sans rappeler celui de Playing for Change , mais à une échelle plus modeste .
J’ai trouvé cette vidéo bien sympa , même si la batterie n’est pas toujours en rythme et si celui qui chante en espagnol me fatigue un peu .
Beau travail .
8 people with 5 instruments from 4 Continents speaking 3 languages for 1 song .
They put together a virtual « jam session » with musicians from all over the world !
Music was inspired by Galt MacDermot ’s amazing « Coffee Cold ». Handsome Boy Modeling School ( Prince Paul and Dan the Automator ) flipped that song with J - Live and Roisin Murphy from Moloko and called it « The Truth » .
Lyrics / Paroles
Dumbfoundead
A kid at the pawn shop just bought his first drum machine ,
From the slums , but them buttons will take him to another kingdom
A woman humming in a kitchen in brazil , while 50 tenants listen by
sticking their heads outside the window sill , this shit is real , hear
the sounds across the land , no name brands , woman and man jam on pots
and pans , a musician with lost dreams , sitting on concrete , playing
his heart out on missing guitar strings , street performers for a
quarter put on the show of there life , an emcee gets put on the spot
rocks it and tears up the mic , the human instrument , reaching
continents in long distances , no need for sophisticated systems for us
to listen in , countries at war , expressing hate through there
aggression .
while two musicians on each side are having a jam session ,
whether both em know it or not , they are collaborating .
You never know
which way your music is navigating ,
Esna
Sing your heart out let your soul be heard
Move to the rhythm to the groove of the drum beats
Chill to the lines disappear to the moment
Fly away persuade all the madness
Just bounce just sway just listen
Herbal T
La música es un sonido supersónico
y es por eso que no creo lo que leo en el periódico
presenta un mundo dividido y tóxico
pero ahora por los cables fiberópticos
yo me comunico , así el mundo se pone chico
si no me entiendes yo te lo explico
whether you in the Bronx and you like to spit bars and rock clubs
or Mumbai playin sitars and tablas
the music is a way we escape , heal and grow
and you aint gotta speak the language if you wanna feel the flow
olha só rapaz , a gente vai a gente vem
mas o ritmo é coisa todo mundo sempre tem
tudo bem , faço música com colaboradores globais
utilizando piano voces tambores e mais
es un laso que nos une hasta el infinito
the rhythms in us it travels wherever we go
Esna
Just let the music take you let your mind take you
Way to find a way to need a way to a brighter day
Do n’t let it stop in you do n’t let it die in you
Breath just breath
Just fly away persuade all the madness
Just bounce just sway just listen
Dumbfoundead
Across the seas I hear piano keys playin , translating languages
through the rhythms in beats bangin , a universal exchange , of personal
pains and joys , it started with a verse , each person just came and
joined in , some are complete strangers , some only teenagers , all of us
creators , , we are the dreammakers , internationally transmittin
through bandwidth , passin this bands passion so the masses can jam
with us , all are invited to play , none are required to pay , let the
virus spread , inspire heads , go pirate away , this is that free music ,
for people who need music , just listen and breathe to it , I hope that
you feel movement , different souls around globe , connected through
sound makin , they set the foundation now we take it to groundbreakin ,
everybody played there part and now we have one song , and this is how
an unheard voice becomes strong
Esna
Sing your heart out let your soul be heard
Move to the rhythm to the groove of the drum beats
Chill to the lines disappear to the moment
Fly away persuade all the madness
Just bounce just sway just listen
Free download of this song is available at DumbFoundDead
[ DumbFoundDead via VincentDidier ]
Related posts :
Auschwitz Sign Theft Former Neo-Nazi in Sweden ' Proud ' of Helping Police
A former leader of a neo -Nazi group in Sweden has said he is proud of his role in helping Polish authorities find the " Arbeit Macht Frei " sign , which was stolen from the Auschwitz concentration camp memorial in December .
He may still be a suspect , however .
The designs we come across in our day to day life have been created by these artists .
Below are the personalities behind the logos .
We 've selected 20 of the most famous and successful logo designers in the field , along with their most famous logo(s ) .
Logos that have an immense impact on our society .
Some of you will surprise you !
Chupa Chups logo : Salvador Dalí
Salvador Dali was asked by Chupa Chups to create their logo .
He decided to adhere to the drawing style of his melting clocks and put the name of the " Chupa Chups " in a bright circle .
The name of the lollipop comes from the Spanish word " chupar " , which means " To suck " .
The first commercial was launched under the slogan " Es redondo y dura mucho , Chupa Chups " ( " It 's round and long - lasting " ) .
Dali even delivered the logo with some marketing advice :
Put the name on the top of the lolly wrapper .
It 's better for branding .
Coca - Cola logo : Frank Mason Robinson
The Coca -Cola logo has undergone many changes over its 128 + years of existence .
What did stay consistent over the iterations were the two curly C's at the start of each word .
It was created by the bookkeeper of John S. Pemberton ( The inventor of Coca Cola )
Frank Mason Robinson came up with this idea and assumed this would look great in marketing campaigns .
What 's interesting is that the logo is not really designed , it was just Frank Robinson 's elegant style of writing .
The original logo was just black and had the trademark signage included in the tail of the first C .
Apple logo : Rob Janoff
The famous Apple logo , an apple that has a bite in it , was designed by Rob Janoff .
It is said by some that the bite represents man 's thirst for knowledge , and the original sin , biting in the forbidden fruit .
However , Steve Jobs says that the apple is just his favorite fruit and there 's nothing more to it .
Rob spent an entire week drawing apples in all forms and shapes until he found the perfect representation for the tech giant .
Before this logo was invented , Ronald Wayne , one of the Apple co-founders created his own logo , which looks nothing like the current logo :
Here 's an interesting video of the full history of the logo :
Google logo : Ruth Kedar
Probably known best for her designing the Google logo , Ruth was born in Brazil but later moved to Israel where she got her degree of architecture .
She then moved to Stanford University where she did her Masters program in design .
She has won the award - winning Analog deck and Duolog deck .
She 's been displaying her online art collection since 1994 on Art.
Net .
She 's been a consultant art designer at Stanford University for 15 years .
Fact Logo : Herbert l. Lubalin
He was a prominent American graphic designer who provided visual beauty to 3 magazines .
These were Eros , Avant grade and Fact .
He spent his last years working for the newly founded international typographic corporation .
Citibank logo : Paula Scher
The citibank logo originally started as a napkin drawing .
Jokingly it 's called the 1.5 million dollar napkin :
Paula
Scher runs a design company called " Pentagram " .
She took her design team to Citibank to discuss what it is they were looking for .
During that meeting , she drew the logo sketch on the now - famous napkin .
A famous quote from her : " It took me a few seconds to draw it , but it took me 34 years to learn how to draw it in a few seconds . " .
She also drew the logo for Tiffany & Co
IBM : Paul Rand
Paul Rand is known for his design of the IBM logo , as well as the ABC logo .
He was an American graphic designer and concentrated on corporate logo designs .
He was one of the people who founded the Swiss style of Graphic design .
He taught design at Yale University and was later inducted in New York art director 's club hall of fame in 1972 .
Library of Congress logo : Sagi Haviv
Sagi Haviv designed the logo for Library of Congress , as well as logos for the US Open Tennis Championships , Leonard Bernstein at 100 , Harvard University Press , Conservation International , and LA Reid 's Hitco Entertainment .
He has also written two design books , and he is a famous teacher and public speaker .
His company is now part of Chermayeff & Geismar , which turned the name into Chermayeff & Geismar & Haviv .
If you want to learn more about logo design and his life , here 's an interesting TEDx Talk from Haviv :
Time Warner Cable logo : Steff Geissbuhler
Steff Geissbuhler is one of the most famous American logo designers .
He designed multiple integrated brands and corporate identity programs .
He also served as the president of the Alliance Graphique Internationale and is member of the board of the American Institute of graphic arts .
FedEx logo : Walter Landor
Probably known mostly for designing the Fedex logo , Landor was born in Munich .
He was a famous brand designer and founder of Landor Associates .
He always had a talent for designing packages and logos .
He worked with brands like Del Monte , Malboro , Fujifilm , Tab & Bank of America .
He also designed the corporate identities of many airlines like British airlines , Japan Airlines and Singapore Airlines .
Orange logo : Wally Olins
Olins is one of the most sought after personalities when it comes to branding .
He founded Saffron consultants in 2001 after being the chairman of Wolff Olins till 1997 .
He was also awarded a CBE in 1999 .
He was nominated for the Prince Philip Designers prize in 1999 .
He was given the Reputation institutes ' first - ever Lifetime achievement award in 2006 .
Nike logo : Carolyn Davidson
Davidson was a student when the founder of Nike her to design a logo for Nike .
She made various sketches :
Nike choose the famous Swoosh logo , which was not her favorite , but is still used to this day .
It had some variations over the years :
The image resembles a wing .
" Nike " is named after the Greek Goddess of victory .
Shell logo : Raymond Loewy
The Shell logo is a scallop , representing a visual of the corporate and brand name .
The logo has been changed many times since 1900 , but the scallop has remained consistent :
Loewy has designed a multitude of logos for a large variety of industries .
Examples are TWA , BP , Lucky Strike , and the Air Force One livery .
I love NY logo : Milton Glaser
Best known for the ' I love new york ' logo , he started his own studio , Milton Glaser , Inc , in 1974 .
His work has won numerous awards from Art Directors ' clubs , Type directors ' club , and the American Institute of graphic arts .
In 1979 he was made honorary Fellow of the Royal Society of arts .
He has taught at the School of visual arts and at cooper union in New york .
Interestingly , this logo also started out as a napkin drawing :
Lufthansa logo : Otto Firle
The Lufthansa logo , an encircled stylized crane in flight , was created in 1918 by Otto Firle .
In 1967 , Otl Aicher created a new corporate design for the airline , based on the original logo .
NASA logo : James Modarelli
Modarelli was a designer at NASA Glenn Research center .
In 1959 , employees at NASA were asked to come up with designs for NASA .
James Modarelli's design was chosen .
NASA has 3 logos , but the NASA Insignia that Modarelli designed is best known .
The insignia represents a planet .
The red v-shaped wing represents aeronautics .
The circular orbit around the agency 's name represents space travel .
KLM logo : Henri Kay Henrion
Henri Kay Henrion is the founding father of European corporate identity .
During World War 2 , he designed campaign posters like " Dig for Victory " , " Aid the Wounded " , and " Grow More Food "
After the war , he started he launched " Henrion Design Associates " , where ' corporate identity ' was invented .
It is during that time his company became a designer for major companies like KLM , British European Airways , and Giro .
Although KLM ( Koninklijke Luchtvaart Maatschappij ) used numerous other logos since 1919 , the design by Henri Kay Henrion was kept .
The symbol on top of KLM represents a crown .
Universal logo : Bob Gill
He 's an unorthodox person with enormous talent .
He 's designed for Apple Corps records , Rainbow Theater , Universal pictures , queen and High times magazines , and the United Nations .
He 's won a number of awards and has designed numerous film titles .
V&A logo : Alan Fletcher
He founded the design firm Fletcher / Forbes / Gill with Colin Forbes and Bob Gill in 1962 .
Their clients included Pirelli , Cunard , Penguin Books and etc .
Gill left in 1965 .
He made the logo for Reuters , Victoria and Albert Museum , and Institute of Directors .
He won the Prince Philip Prize for the designer of the year .
He was inducted into the hall of fame of the New York Art Directors Club in 1994 and became an honorary fellow of the London institute in 2000 .
Deutsche Bank logo : Anton Stankowski
Stankowski was a graphic designer from Germany .
He was also a photographer and painter .
He is best known for illustrating processes or behaviors , rather than objects .
The Deutsche Bank logo is one of his designs .
It 's a slash in a square , representing consistent growth and dynamic development in a risk - controlled environment .
Showtime logo : Ivan Chermayeff
Ivan Chermayeff is one of the 3 founders of Chermayeff & Geismar & Haviv .
Although design is subjective , he is considered one of the best and most successful American Graphic designers
Chermayeff passed away in 2017 .
Here 's an interesting interview if you would like to learn more about him :
Other famous designs of him are Chase bank 's heptagonal blue logo , and the Smithsonian 's sunburst logo
Mobil logo : Tom Geismar
A new alphabet design was made for the logo of Mobil Oil Corporation .
The idea of the red O is placed in there to assist in the pronunciation , which is " Mo- Bil " and not " Mo- Bile "
Other famous companies he designed for are : Xerox , PBS , Univision and the Rockefeller Center
Continental Airlines logo : Saul Bass
Saul bass was a multitalented person .
He was successful as a graphics designer and filmmaker .
His main projects in graphics design included movie posters and logo designs .
His most famous logos are the Avery Internation logo , continental Airlines logo , and the United Airlines logo .
FedEx logo : Lindon Leader
The Fedex logo was designed by Lindon Leader & Landor associates .
Lindon Leader has gained a global reputation for his 30 years of experience in corporate identity .
He runs a company now called " Leader Creative " in Utah , where he does branding for large corporations .
His design philosophy : Simplicity and clarity
There is a hidden meaning in the FedEx logo .
The empty space between the letters E and X is an arrow , symbolizing speed and precision .
Air Jordan logo : Tinker Hatfield
Tinker designed logos for a whole series of Air Jordan ( v3-v15 ) and numerous other Nike logos .
He is also Nike 's Vice President for Design and Special Projects .
The famous jumping man silhouette was posed by Michael Jordan .
The pose is known as the " Jumpman Pose "
drkitten Penultimate Amazing
Join Date : Mar 2004 Posts : 21,629
wackyvorlon Originally Posted by Say , hypothetically , that we have an object emitting light that is travelling toward us at the speed of light in a vacuum .
" Traveling at the speed of light " is like division by zero -- the best way to understand it is through a limit process ( what happens when our object is travelling very very close to the speed of light ) , because the answers you get when you look directly at the question are nonsensical .
Quote :
The light travels to us , and arrives blueshifted because of this .
Now , to my understanding if we were to measure the speed of this blue shifted light , it would be c .
Like wise , if an observer on board said hypothetical object were measure to the speed of the light coming from us , it would be travelling at c .
Quote :
If we then have two atomic clocks , one on the object and one beside us .
Quote :
If we compare the rate of the clock on board the object to our clock , we find it has slowed .
were travelling at the speed of light , we would observe that the clock has stopped altogether .
Quote :
Thus one second in our frame of reference is not in fact the same as one second in the frame of reference for the moving object .
Now , here 's the part that 's broken my brain .
Time is the denominator in measurements of speed .
How can the light we emit , and the light the object emits , both be measured at the same speed when the rate of time here differs from the rate of time there ?
We see , however , that he is transmitting a light with a wavelength of X/k and a frequency of c / ( X/ k ) ( his wavelength has been cut by 100x , while his frequency went up by 100x , say . )
Thus we measure the speed of his light as the same .
Ca n't be done .
Any " object " possesses mass , and therefore cannot travel at the speed of light .
" Traveling at the speed of light " is like division by zero -- the best way to understand it is through a limit process ( what happens when our object is travelling very very close to the speed of light ) , because the answers you get when you look directly at the question are nonsensical .
This is true , even when stuff is only travelling very close to the speed of light .
Since atomic clocks have mass , it can't be travelling at the speed of light .
Yes .
In fact , if the clocktravelling at the speed of light , we would observe that the clock has stopped altogether .
Because distance also distorts , which is why you get the blue shift .
Time gets longer , distance gets shorter .
In particular , the moving observer -- the one who is n't us -- will see that he is transmitting a light with a wavelength of X , and a frequency of c / X.
We see , however , that he is transmitting a light with a wavelength of X/k and a frequency of c / ( X/ k ) ( his wavelength has been cut by 100x , while his frequency went up by 100x , say . )
Thus we measure the speed of his light as the same .
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
Oil use in rich industrialized countries will never return to 2006 and 2007 levels because of more fuel efficiency and the use of alternatives , the chief economist of the International Energy Agency said on Thursday .
The bold prediction , while made previously by some analysts , is significant because the IEA advises 28 countries on energy policy and its oil demand forecasts are closely watched by traders and policymakers .
“ When we look at the OECD countries -- the U.S. , Europe and Japan -- I think the level of demand that we have seen in 2006 and 2007 , we will never see again , ” Fatih Birol told Reuters in a telephone interview .
“ There may be some zig zags up and down but as a trend I think it will be a downward trend in terms of oil consumption . ”
Flat or declining OECD demand may ease any strain on oil prices caused by ever - growing consumption in emerging economies .
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) countries will account for 53 percent of world demand in 2010 , according to the IEA .
In its January 15 monthly Oil Market Report , the IEA forecast OECD demand would average 45.48 million barrels per day ( bpd ) in 2010 , unchanged from 2009 .
World demand is forecast at 86.33 million bpd , up from 84.89 million in 2009 .
Birol said the economic crisis had played a role in curbing OECD demand but the main reasons were more efficient cars and the increasing use of electricity and gas instead of oil in areas outside transport .
“ It did play a role .
The recession had a one - off effect , ” said Birol , who spoke to Reuters from the sidelines of the Davos conference of business leaders .
“ But the main factors are structural . ”
CHINA OFFSETS DECLINE
BP Plc Chief Executive Tony Hayward , also in Davos , said on Thursday demand for gasoline would not return to the rate of three years ago in established markets .
“ None of us will sell more gasoline than we sold in 2007 , ” he said , referring to developed markets .
“ That ’s , however , being offset by very strong ... markets of the East and particularly China . ”
In China , 13 million cars were sold last year , he said .
Interest in peak demand has grown following the surge in oil prices to a record high near $ 150 a barrel in 2008 , a decline in world demand because of the economic crisis and efforts to combat climate change .
Reuters reported a year ago , citing analysts including the former chief economist at BP Plc , that oil demand may never return to growth in the United States , Europe and parts of Asia .
While non-OECD demand is expected to keep world oil use on a growing trend , some believe global consumption could reach a high point in the next decades as a result of policies to tackle climate change .
Saudi Arabia , which as the world ’s largest oil exporter has a lot to lose from a decline in oil demand , is worried about future consumption , its lead climate negotiator told Reuters earlier this month .
Muhammed al - Sabban , head of the Saudi delegation to UN talks on climate change , said the possibility that oil demand might peak this decade was a “ serious problem ” for Saudi Arabia .
Birol did not give any timeframe for any peak global oil demand , but said a move toward more efficient vehicles in developing markets could dampen the expected emerging country growth .
“ If there is a transformation in the transport sector , it may also slow down the growth substantially . ”
“ Advanced - car technologies ... are very strong pushed in many countries . ”
Trace Holden Caulfield 's perambulations around Manhattan in " The Catcher in the Rye " to places like the Edmont Hotel , where Holden had an awkward encounter with Sunny the hooker ; the lake in Central Park , where he wondered about the ducks in winter ; and the clock at the Biltmore , where he waited for his date .
Roll your mouse over each point and read about Holden 's experience there in J.D. Salinger 's words .
Related Article »
Michael Schumacher has asked his team for permission to change race numbers with teammate Nico Rosberg citing superstition as the reason .
Currently , the seven - time champion is due to drive a Mercedes bearing the number 4 while teammate Rosberg will wear the number 3 on his nose and flanks .
While the move would also need the approval of the FIA , Schumacher insists that his request has nothing to do with status but everything to do with Lady Luck and superstition .
" Ross knows that I prefer to have odd race numbers , " he told Bild .
While Schumacher did sport the number 1 for much of his F1 career he also sported 19 and 5 at Benetton , and 3 and 5 at Ferrari , however , on his debut with Jordan at Spa Francorchamps in 1991 his car sported the number 32 .
Then again , it did n't complete the first lap .
Meanwhile , on his own website , Schumacher was keen to allay any lingering fears regarding his neck .
" The after - effects of that accident are long gone , " he said , " that 's why I was sure that the neck would not cause any problems .
This was one year ago , that 's over .
Now , I am practising since December physically , very carefully and feel extremely fresh and fit .
" That was one of the reasons why I felt so good in the car in Jerez , " he added .
" But then , Formula 1 is another thing , the g - forces are higher , that 's not really comparable .
That is why I look forward so much to testing in February .
Only then will the old feeling be completely back .
I can't wait to be back there . "
Asked why he has decided to agree a three year deal with Mercedes , the German , who was 41 earlier this month , replied : " Because we want to achieve something together .
The team we have here is pretty unique - with Ross and his world championship winning team , with the know - how of Mercedes , with the best engine at the moment ... and we want to use that .
We have a clear aim : we want to win the championships .
That 's what we will fight for from the beginning .
That is my personal standard too . "
Retail Store Marketing and Management Checklist and Guide
The Retail Store Management , Marketing and Merchandising Guide and Checklist
will quickly improve your Retailing Operations and Business Strategy .
The Retail Store Management , Marketing and Merchandising Guide and Checklist is an exceptionally powerful management process whereby an owner or manager of a Retail Store can quickly and efficiently conduct an operational evaluation of their Retail Store .
The Retail Store Management , Marketing and Merchandising Guide and Checklist has 979 different tactics , strategies , and action items organized within twenty three ( 23 ) different profit - producing modules that focus on all aspects of managing a successful store that range from Store Image to Customer Service to Operations management .
The store manager or owner is " walked through " a methodical , step - by - step evaluation process that is quite thorough , provides a careful , thoughtful analysis , and identifies numerous opportunities for improving your store 's operations .
For ONLY a small investment of $ 69.95 , this Checklist is designed for the serious business owner or manager who truly desires to bring their retail store to the another level of growth , customer satisfaction and store profitability .
Type of Store : The Retail Management , Marketing and Merchandising Guide and Checklist will help any type of retail store become more successful - - Antique , Appliance , Bakery , Bike , Book , Boutique , Bridal , Candy , Camera , Clothing , Craft , Curtain , Discount , Fabric , Flower , Furniture , Gallery , Garden Center , Gift , Hardware , Health , Hobby , Home Goods , Jewelry , Lighting , Maternity , Music , Nursery , Pet , Photoshop , Shoe , Specialty , Sports , Toy , Variety , Video , or any other type of retail shopping environment .
Owners or Managers of both small and large stores of all types have successfully used this checklist to significantly enhance their operations .
And , you can too !
Important Benefits :
This Checklist is an easy - to - use , comprehensive workbook that will help you and / or your Store 's Manager improve your store 's profitability - Quickly and Easily !
The Retail Management , Marketing and Merchandising Guide and Checklist features the following benefits : 979 different tactics , strategies , and action items to be considered and evaluated - all designed to improve your Store 's PROFITABILITY !
Twenty three ( 23 ) different profit - producing categories ranging from Store Image to Customer Service to Operations management !
A step - by - step process to evaluate all aspects of your Store 's operations and eliminate inefficient , ineffective processes and procedures !
A practical , down - to - earth , road map that can be easily utilized by the owner or delegated to a manager or key employee !
A low - cost investment of ONLY $ 69.95 with a high - yield ROI .
with a high - yield ROI .
Instant Download after credit card verification !
after credit card verification !
Developed by an experienced Business Consultant who has worked with hundreds of small businesses , many of which were Retail Stores .
Developed over a two year period working with Retail Store Owners who tested the Checklist and provided valuable development suggestions .
Saves you valuable time because it will help you quickly identify and eliminate inefficient procedures and tactics .
Saves you lots of $ $ $ $ $ $$ because it costs far less than one hour of a Consultant 's billable time .
because it costs far less than one hour of a Consultant 's billable time .
Saves you lots of $ $ $ $ $ $$ because you do n't have to develop an evaluation process - it already exists .
And , it works !
because you do n't have to develop an evaluation process - it already exists .
And , it works !
Can be used as an employee developent tool - give this checklist to a key employee or manager to perform the assessment for you .
Helps you spot and avoid the Red Flags that spell D - I - S - A - S - T - E - R .
that spell D - I - S - A - S - T - E-R .
Focused primarily on helping YOU become a more profit oriented Owner / Manager .
become a more profit oriented Owner / Manager .
Organizes all of the most important action items for improving profitability in one convenient workbook .
Includes a section entitled Retail Horror Stories describing dozens of actual vignettes of mistakes retail stores of all sizes make that " drive away " good customers .
The lessons contained therein are poignant and serve as a guide for " what NOT to do " to your customers !
describing dozens of actual vignettes of mistakes retail stores of all sizes make that " drive away " good customers .
The lessons contained therein are poignant and serve as a guide for " what NOT to do " to your customers !
Helps with the financial analysis of your store as it presents several sample Net Income Statements of actual stores .
They can be used as a basis for comparing your store 's income and expenses .
Although each model presents a different set of operational circumstances , they can prove helpful for providing additional insight into your store 's current cost structure .
Includes a chapter on Taking Care of Your Most Valuable Asset - YOU the Owner !
the Owner !
Gives you " Peace of Mind " by knowing that you made an intelligent , informed decision to utilize an effective , efficient process that will improve your Store 's operations this year !
And , much , much more !
Who Is This For ?
This Checklist is designed for the serious owner or manager who truly desires to evolve their Retail Store to the next level of growth and profitability .
Most of the 979 tactics and strategies can be applied toward any type or size retail store .
Some are best utilized with small stores while some are better for larger stores .
Some tactics and strategies are free ; many have a minimal cost , while a few may require a small investment .
Some require only an attitudinal change while others may require a change in a process or a procedure .
However , all of the 979 topics merit your thoughtful consideration as you begin to develop a strategy for implementing a " continuous improvement process " for your store .
Instant Download after Credit Card verification !
Competitive Advantage :
As it is with your store , your competitors are also looking for opportunities where they can find marketing or cost advantages .
If you do n't take pre-emptive action to improve your business on a regular basis , your competition will leave you behind in the marketplace .
Revenue , profitability , and customer satisfaction will then suffer .
However , implementing one or two minor improvements based upon the self - assessment checklist could possibly result in 10X , 20X or 100X return on both the time and money you have invested in this process .
Make an investment in both yourself and your business by purchasing this checklist , and then conduct the assessment !
Your customers will be glad you did .
And , when the results show on your bottom line , you will be glad you did also .
Based on my Business Consulting Experience !
The Retail Management , Marketing and Merchandising Guide and Checklist is based upon my personal experience working with hundreds of small businesses .
As a business consultant for both the City of Portsmouth , NH and Somersworth , NH for 8 years , I advised over 500 small business owners , the majority of which were retail stores .
Many of these small business owners participated in the two year development process of this checklist by testing it several times and providing valuable , real - world input .
Now you can also improve your operations , and , hence , your profitability when you actively apply the tactics contained in this checklist !
How to Use :
The assessment process is quite thorough and does require a small investment of your time .
However , it is important to emphasize that it is not necessary to complete the assessment in one sitting , in one day , in one week or even in one month .
Selecting one , two , three or more of the major categories in this document as a priority on which to focus can be a more practical approach than trying to " do it all " at one time .
Also , you may want to consider a methodical process whereby you and / or your management team ( or a key employee ) conducts the assessment using a different module each week .
This checklist can serve as an important business reference manual that can be utilized time and time again on an as needed basis on your personal timetable .
Income Statements : The Checklist has an addendem entitled Sample Net Income statements containing actual Net Income Statements of several stores .
These statements can be used as a basis for comparing your store 's income and expenses .
Although each financial model presents a different set of operational circumstances , they should prove helpful with providing some insight into your store 's current cost structure .
Horror Stories :
The Checklist has an addendum entitled Retail Horror Stories that illustrates dozens of mistakes that Retail Stores of all sizes make that " drive away " good customers .
These events have actually happened and reflect the failings of many retail stores .
They happen in many stores and in many towns and cities all over the world .
Fortunately , there are poignant lessons that can be learned through the mistakes of others that will serve as a guide for " what not to do " to your customers .
Instant Download after Credit Card verification !
Two - for - One : Each of the 23 modules has a simple , but thorough , two - part process .
The first part of the assessment process entitled ASSESSMENT will rapidly isolate any problem areas and identify opportunities for quickly improving your operations .
This process is thought - provoking and will no doubt stimulate a lot of new ideas for you , or if you have a management team , will generate much discussion among them .
The second part entitled IMPLEMENTATION is a management process that will help you prioritize and manage the implementation of any tactic or strategy as well as identify the " action items " that will have the biggest impact on your profitability .
Value : Conducting the self - assessment will have an immediate impact on both customer service and profitability .
Conducting the self - assessment process on a quarterly or semi-annual basis will help keep you focused on your Store 's long - term objectives .
Sharing the results of this self - assessment process with your employees and assigning them a specific problem to address can be a valuable training exercise and / or employee development tool .
If a number of problems have been identified , it will be important to prioritize your actions based upon the highest and best return that can be achieved for the amount of investment you can make at this time .
Additionally , comparing a previous quarter 's results with the current quarterly performance will determine the rate of progress you have made in each area .
Committing to conducting such an assessment on a regular basis will result in a continual improvement process that in turn will result in a higher level of customer satisfaction and store profitability .
When to Use : In every business operation , opportunities abound for improvement .
Increasing revenue , improving customer relations , and reducing costs are three critical elements for improving long - term profitability .
A comprehensive self - assessment process , such as this one , will keep you focused on your mission , the three critical elements , and on maintaining your profitability .
It is envisioned this checklist can be used in one of six ways :
You can use this tool to personally conduct an assessment of your retail store .
You can assign one of your store managers ( or a key employee ) the task of conducting the assessment as part of an overall employee development process .
You can have a neighboring retail store owner conduct the assessment of your store and , in return , you can conduct an assessment of their store .
You can have a Board Member , a Management Advisory Committee Member , or a trusted advisor conduct the assessment .
You , or a key employee , can conduct a partial assessment of your store by using one , two , three or more of the major categories in this document to focus specifically on a problem (s ) previously identified by yourself , an employee , or a customer .
You can utilize an independent consultant to conduct this assessment for you .
However , that would defeat the purpose of a self - assessment program .
A do - it - yourself process can save you many thousands of dollars in consulting fees , and , the truth is , you could probably conduct a much better evaulation yourself .
Once you have identified a problem area( s ) , you may then want to engage an experienced consultant or specialist on a short - term basis to help with these specific areas .
Satisfaction Guaranteed - 100 % Risk Free : Still not sure this Checklist will help you and your Retail Store ?
Well , I want you to feel completely comfortable before you order .
Therefore , I would encourage you to continue exploring my website where you will find more information regarding Jaguar Consulting , Inc. , our services , testimonials , additional profit - building Business Checklists , White Papers , and other reassuring information .
Since I know from personal experience that the information contained in this Checklist is so valuable , I will personally guarantee your satisfaction !
The Retail Store Management , Marketing and Merchandising Guide and Checklist comes with a No- Questions - Asked , No-Hassle , THREE MONTH MONEY BACK GUARANTEE .
If you honestly feel that if after applying this Checklist to your retail business it has n't helped improve your Store 's operations , has n't helped improve efficiency , has n't saved you time or money , and has n't made you a more profit oriented Owner or Manager , then just return the Checklist PDF ( and all copies ) by email anytime within the next 90 days and we will refund the $ 69.95 you paid ( Note :
This guarantee applies ONLY to retail store owners or managers and NOT to consultants , students , educators or curiosity seekers ) .
Satisfaction Guaranteed !
Instant Download after Credit Card verification !
Quantity Discounts : Volume pricing at substantially reduced discounts off the retail price based on print quantities is available if you have multiple store locations , anticipate frequent usage of the checklists , or are part on an organization that provides goods or services to retail stores and would like to use the checklist as a marketing / business development tool .
Additionally , the opportunity to " brand " the Retail Management , Marketing and Merchandising Guide and Checklist with your company 's cover page , letter of introduction , and your logo is available .
ONLY $ 69.95 and Instant Download Click here to view the Retail Self - Assessment Checklist Outline Click here to view two sample sections ( 4 pages ) of the Retail
Self - Assessment Checklist
Send this page to a colleague !
" The retail store checklist helped me put " all " aspects of running a successful business into an easy to read format .
It opens your eyes from marketing to merchandising and everything else you could possibly imagine .
By referring to it on a regular basis , the checklist has helped make so many improvements in every area of my business ! "
Wendy Rede
Principal
Dot 's Flower Shop
Exeter , NH
" Absolutely incredible !
The checklist should be a daily read for all retailers . "
Legh Burns
Celtic Crossing
Principal
Portsmouth , NH
" As an experienced business owner , I thought I had covered all the bases when I opened my new store .
After now utilizing the Retail Store Self - Assessment Checklist , I realized how many details I had missed .
The checklists are easy to understand and very easy to use .
As my store manager said " This makes my job easier and more efficient .
The strategies in the checklist help us keep ahead of our competition " .
Herb Martin
President
Martin's Photographix , Inc .
Nashua , NH
" Metalwear uses the Retail Checklist as a training guide for all new employees .
It clarifies that which is essential for proper store management . "
Susan Shannon
Partner
Metalwear Jewelry
Portsmouth , NH
RETAIL STORE SELF -ASSESSMENT
CHECKLIST I. A Professional Store Image .
24 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
II .
Store Appearance - Exterior .
30 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
III .
Store Appearance - Interior .
24 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
IV .
Techniques That Support the Sales and Marketing Process .
29 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
V. Techniques That Make It Easy for Customers To Buy .
50 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
VI .
Employee Marketing and Sales Attitudes .
47 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
VII .
Merchandising Techniques .
50 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
VIII .
Advertising Techniques .
42 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
IX .
Direct Marketing Techniques .
66 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
X. Indirect Marketing Techniques .
38 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
XI .
Strategies That Attract Attention ..
27 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
XII .
Other Interesting and Profitable Techniques .
46 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
XIII .
Internet Marketing Strategies for your Store .
126 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
XIV .
How to Compete with the Giants .
56 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
XV .
Employee Policies .
40 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
XVI .
Purchasing of Inventory .
51 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
XVII .
General Management Techniques .
48 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
XVIII .
" Behind the Scenes " Management .
44 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
XIX .
Customer Service Techniques .
27 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
XX . Emergency Procedures .
18 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
XXI .
Evaluate All Outside Services for Effectiveness .
32 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
XXII . Ethical Considerations .
35 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
XXIII .
Protecting Your Store 's Most Valuable Asset - Yourself .
29 Strategies and Tactics to be Evaluated .
XXIV .
Sample Net Income Statements .
XXV . Retail Horror Stories .
XXVI . Resource Directory .
" The Retail Self - Assessment Checklist was a solid tool to help me get a better focus on all aspects of my business .
Particularly helpful was the section dealing with employee policies and issues .
I was able to clarify policies , specific and general , through the implementation of an employee manual so that I 'm no longer making " off the cuff " decisions .
I found the checklist helped me to anticipate questions and problems so they might be addressed early . "
Bob Breneman
Principal
G. Willikers !
Portsmouth , NH
Description :
When you attend a prestigious art college , the faculty takes notes on you .
When Cj decides to skip class and lip off his teachers , the Dean is made aware .
His bad attitude , however , is n’t the only thing that has Natassia attention .
Cj ’s freshman tight body and impressionable mind are very appealing .
She requests a meeting with him after hours in her private home .
When Cj realizes just how much trouble he is in , he begs to be forgiven .
That ’s a start , Natassia commands .
She has him on his knees , on the floor and on her cock while she takes her time pleasuring her hard cock .
Am vergangenen Freitag hat ein Konsortium aus Abmahn - Gegnern einen Jahresbericht für 2009 veröffentlicht .
Der Report sieht mehr als 450.000 abgemahnte Filesharer im vergangenen Jahr , eine extreme Zunahme gegenüber gut 250.000 in 2008 .
Die Verfasser sehen darin den Beleg für eine florierende Abmahn - Industrie mit Einnahmen von geschätzten 290 Millionen Euro .
Allerdings liegen diesen Angaben lediglich 2.729 Datensätze zugrunde , die in Foren und durch freiwillige Meldungen gesammelt wurden .
Daher sind die Aussagen der Studie mit ausgesprochener Vorsicht zu genießen , auch wenn die Verfasser betonen , die angenommene Gesamtzahl von 450.000 Filesharing - Abmahnungen würde sich mit den Schätzungen von Experten treffen .
Hinter besagten 2.729 erfassten Abmahnungen standen laut Studie 159 verschiedene Rechteinhaber .
Auffällig ist , dass ein Großteil der Abmahnungen von einem kleinem Kreis an Anwaltskanzleien stammen soll .
Die Verfasser der Studie gehen davon aus , dass der Marktführer allein 2009 Einnahmen von mehr als 76 Millionen Euro verbuchen konnte , weitere Kanzleien folgen mit zweistelligen Millionenbeträgen nach .
Auch wenn diese Zahlen wenig verlässlich sind , lässt vieles darauf schließen , dass die angenommenen Strukturen im Abmahnwesen tatsächlich existieren .
Hinter dem Bericht stehen der Verein zur Hilfe und Unterstützung gegen den Abmahnwahn e.V. , die Initiative Abmahnwahn - Dreipage , Gulli.com und Netzwelt.de .
Gulli.com hatte im vergangenen November Belege für das vermeintlich rechtswidrige Verhalten von Abmahnkanzleien und Filesharing - Jägern veröffentlicht .
Demnach betrieben die Kanzleien Abmahnungen im großen Stil als lohnendes Geschäft – und böten Rechteinhabern illegalerweise ein Vorgehen gegen Gewinnbeteiligung an .
Das Versprechen dabei : „ Turn piracy into profit “ – Abmahnungen nicht als Mittel gegen Urheberrechtsverstöße , sondern als eine Einnahmequelle neben anderen .
( via )
Update : Gulli:news berichtet über erste Reaktionen der betroffenen Kanzleien auf den Jahresbericht .
Björn Frommer von der angeblich bestverdienenden Kanzlei Waldorf bezeichnete die Zahl von 90.000 verschickten Abmahnungen im Jahr 2009 als „ völlig aus der Luft gegriffen “ .
Die wahren Werte lägen „ deutlich niedriger “ .
Auch die Kanzlei Nümann & Lang will die Angaben des Reports nicht bestätigen , in ihrer Pressemeldung heißt es allerdings :
Is Joe Lieberman Protecting Israel ?
Sen .
Joe Lieberman ’s latest threat to scuttle health - care reform – vowing to join a Republican filibuster to block an over - 55 buy - in to Medicare , a proposal that he has long championed – is raising questions about his motives .
But no one is mentioning the unmentionable , the cause that has come to define Lieberman ’s career : Israel .
Email
Printer friendly
Is it possible that Lieberman ’s obstructionist behavior does n’t relate to Connecticut ’s insurance industry or to his political ego – the two most cited explanations – but rather to a calculation that he can use his leverage on health care to limit the pressure that President Barack Obama can put on Israel to make concessions on a Mideast peace plan ?
After all , the more common explanations of Lieberman ’s behavior have holes in their logic .
While it is true that Lieberman ’s constituent Hartford - based insurance companies fear any government intrusion in their industry , the actual proposals for the Medicare buy - in or the tightly constrained “ public option ” actually would benefit the industry in the near term .
Those uninsured Americans 55 to 64 are customers whom the insurance industry does n’t want .
They are the part of the uninsured population that is most likely to need medical care , which is why private insurers have driven up the rates so high that these people can’t afford to buy health insurance .
Letting these desperate Americans buy into Medicare would n’t cost the health insurance industry much of anything – and it would reduce the moral ( and PR ) crisis that has led so many Americans to view private insurers as vultures preying on the most vulnerable .
In his past position in favor of the Medicare buy - in , Lieberman has recognized this reality , noting that this over - 55 group faces a particular crisis because they have “ retired early or unfortunately have been laid off early ” and ca n’t afford health insurance .
Though Lieberman has long been a major recipient of health insurance industry backing , that has never before prevented him from favoring this Medicare buy - in .
Only now does Lieberman say that he would join a Republican filibuster to kill the entire bill if his earlier proposal is included .
So , Senate Democratic leaders have reportedly agreed to drop the buy - in provision to appease Lieberman even though such a watered - down Senate bill may complicate reconciliation with a more liberal House bill and is infuriating the Democratic base .
Killing the Public Option Similarly , Lieberman has protested any inclusion of a government - run insurance option even if it is only triggered by the failure of private insurers to offer affordable alternatives or if it is so tightly constrained that it would attract only a few million customers , again drawn primarily from the ranks of Americans most in need of medical care .
The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that only about six million people would sign up for the House version of the public option whose rates would likely exceed those of private plans because the sick would gravitate to the government plan .
The current Senate version , with a state - by - state opt - out provision , would draw even fewer customers , the CBO said .
Yet either version actually helps the health insurance industry by siphoning off sick people and thus allowing the industry to corner the market on healthier customers , where the biggest profits lie .
So , Lieberman may not be serving the industry ’s best interests by jeopardizing passage of a health reform bill .
Not only does the industry stand to pick up tens of millions of new customers who will be compelled to buy insurance – and sometimes with government subsidies – but a decent reform bill also blunts demands for more radical changes .
If Americans grow more furious with the current system – its rising costs and its failure to cover nearly 50 million people – voters might press for a single - payer approach which could eliminate private insurers altogether .
For these reasons , the Lieberman - is - in - the - pocket - of - the - insurance - lobby explanation is n’t entirely convincing .
Another hypothesis is that Lieberman ’s behavior on health reform reflects his huge political ego and makes sense if he intends to seek re-election in 2012 as a “ centrist ” Republican .
However , that political positioning argument does n’t hold much water either .
If Lieberman is blamed for sabotaging health - care reform , he will solidify Democratic hatred of him , and many Republicans will still distrust his liberal positions on social issues like abortion .
I have a Democratic family member from Connecticut who helped launch Lieberman ’s political career and who now considers that one of the biggest mistakes of her life .
Lieberman might have softened that resentment by helping to pass a strong health - reform law , but his current position only energizes those voters determined to remove him from the Senate .
The Israel Factor Which brings us to Israel , which arguably has become Lieberman ’s most treasured priority in his political life .
Mark Vogel , chairman of the pro-Israel National Action Committee , once said , “ Joe Lieberman , without exception , no conditions … is the No. 1 pro-Israel advocate and leader in Congress .
There is nobody who does more on behalf of Israel than Joe Lieberman . ”
It was Lieberman ’s embrace of neoconservative ideology and his aggressive support for wars against Israel ’s Muslim enemies , the likes of Iraq ’s Saddam Hussein , that led Connecticut Democrats to deny Lieberman the Senate nomination in 2006 and prompted his successful run as an Independent .
Partly because Obama opposed the Iraq War , Lieberman went on the stump for Republican John McCain in 2008 , even questioning Obama ’s patriotism .
Standing with McCain in August 2008 , Lieberman called the election a choice “ between one candidate , John McCain , who has always put the country first , worked across party lines to get things done , and one candidate who has not . ’
Since the start of Obama ’s presidency , Israel ’s hawkish Likud government has made no secret of its concern that Obama might pressure it into making territorial and other concessions to the Palestinians and Syria to secure a Mideast peace agreement .
In Washington , the still - influential neocons also have been demanding that Obama continue Bush ’s belligerent policies and side with Israel in a hard - line approach to Iran .
In that sense , Lieberman and the neocons have much in common with Republicans , such as Sen. Jim DeMint , R - South Carolina , who declared in July that “ If we ’re able to stop Obama on this [ health reform ] , it will be his Waterloo .
It will break him . ”
A broken Obama could be easier to manipulate regarding Mideast peace talks and Iran .
In recent months , Washington ’s neocons hectored Obama about escalating the war in Afghanistan and crowed about their success when Obama agreed recently to dispatch 30,000 more troops .
Now , the neocons see their chance to complete Obama ’s transformation into a more articulate version of George W. Bush , making Obama a President who can sell their pro-war positions with much more polish and class .
Obama ’s Nobel Peace Prize acceptance speech on Dec. 10 drew high marks from neocons as he minimized the bloody excesses of post - World War II U.S. foreign policy behind the five - word phrase “ whatever mistakes we have made ” and asserted the overarching morality of U.S. military interventions .
“ The shift in rhetoric at Oslo was striking , ” observed neocon theorist Robert Kagan in a Washington Post op - ed on Dec. 13 .
“ Gone was the vaguely left - revisionist language that flavored earlier speeches , highlighting the low points of American global leadership -- the coups and ill - considered wars -- and low - balling the highlights , such as the Cold War triumph . ”
If Lieberman succeeds in sinking Obama ’s chief domestic priority – health care reform – or waters it down so much that it alienates Obama from his liberal base , Obama may find himself essentially the captive of the neocons , needing their blessing to maintain any political viability in Washington .
Lieberman has been careful not to connect his disruptive behavior on health - care reform to his support for Israel , but there can be little doubt that a chastened Obama , either defeated on health care or forced to sign a bill that liberals will view as a betrayal , will have much less political capital to expend in applying pressure on Israel .
A hobbled Obama wo n’t be able to push Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to halt expansion of West Bank settlements or to take other steps that might lead to a Palestinian state .
Obama also could be pushed around himself if Israel – itself an undeclared nuclear power – decides to launch airstrikes against Iran ’s nuclear facilities .
The Israel explanation for Lieberman ’s behavior on health - care reform is the one that seems to make the most sense .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
There is no relief for the people of Haiti , it seems , even in their hour of promised salvation .
More than a week after the earthquake that may have killed 200,000 people , most Haitians have seen nothing of the armada of aid they have been promised by the outside world .
Instead , while the US military has commandeered Port - au - Prince 's ­airport to pour thousands of soldiers into the stricken Caribbean state , wounded and hungry survivors of the catastrophe have carried on dying .
Most scandalously , US commanders have repeatedly turned away flights bringing medical equipment and ­emergency supplies from organisations such as the World Food Programme and Médecins Sans Frontières , in order to give priority to landing troops .
Despite the remarkable patience and solidarity on the streets and the relatively small scale of looting , the aim is said to be to ensure security and avoid " another Somalia " – a reference to the US ­military 's " Black Hawk Down " ­humiliation in 1993 .
It 's an approach that ­certainly chimes with well - ­established traditions of keeping Haiti under control .
In the last couple of days , another motivation has become clearer as the US has launched a full - scale naval blockade of Haiti to prevent a seaborne exodus by refugees seeking sanctuary in the United States from the desperate aftermath of disaster .
So while Welsh firefighters and Cuban ­doctors have been getting on with the job of ­saving lives this week , the 82nd Airborne Division was busy parachuting into the ruins of Haiti 's presidential palace .
There 's no doubt that more Haitians have died as a result of these shockingly perverse priorities .
As Patrick Elie , former defence minister in the government of Jean - Bertrand Aristide – twice overthrown with US support – put it : " We do n't need soldiers , there 's no war here . "
It 's hardly surprising if Haitians such as Elie , or French and Venezuelan leaders , have talked about the threat of a new US occupation , given the scale of the takeover .
Their criticisms have been dismissed as kneejerk anti-Americanism at a time when the US military is regarded as the only force that can provide the ­logistical backup for the relief effort .
In the context of Haiti 's gruesome history of invasion and exploitation by the US and European colonial powers , though , that is a truly asinine response .
For while last week 's earthquake was a natural ­disaster , the scale of the human catastrophe it has unleashed is man-made .
It is uncontested that poverty is the main cause of the horrific death toll : the product of teeming shacks and the absence of health and public infrastructure .
But Haiti's poverty is treated as some ­baffling quirk of history or culture , when in reality it is the direct ­consequence of a uniquely brutal ­relationship with the outside world — notably the US , France and Britain — stretching back centuries .
Punished for the success of its uprising against slavery and self - proclaimed first black republic of 1804 with invasion , blockade and a crushing burden of debt reparations only finally paid off in 1947 , Haiti was occupied by the US between the wars and squeezed mercilessly by multiple creditors .
More than a century of deliberate colonial impoverishment was followed by decades of the US - backed dictatorship of the Duvaliers , who indebted the country still further .
When the liberation theologist Aristide was elected on a platform of development and social justice , his challenge to Haiti 's oligarchy and its international sponsors led to two foreign - backed coups and US invasions , a suspension of aid and loans , and eventual exile in 2004 .
Since then , thousands of UN troops have provided security for a discredited political system , while ­global financial institutions have imposed a relentlessly neoliberal diet , pauperising Haitians still further .
Thirty years ago , for example , Haiti was self - sufficient in its staple of rice .
In the mid-90s the IMF forced it to slash tariffs , the US dumped its subsidised surplus on the country , and Haiti now imports the bulk of its rice .
Tens of thousands of rice farmers were forced to move to the jerry - built slums of Port - au - Prince .
Many died as a result last week .
The same goes for the lending and aid conditions imposed over the past two decades , which forced Haitian governments to privatise , hold down the minimum wage and cut back the already minimal health , education and public infrastructure .
The impact can be seen in the helplessness of the Haitian state to provide the most basic relief to its own people .
Even now , new IMF loans require Haiti to raise electricity prices and freeze public sector pay in a country where most people live on less than two dollars a day .
What this saga translates into in real life can be seen in the stark contrast between Haiti , which has taken its market medicine , with nearby Cuba , which has n't , but suffers from a 50 - year US economic blockade .
While Haiti's infant mortality rate is around 80 per 1,000 , Cuba 's is 5.8 ; while nearly half Haitian adults are illiterate , the figure in Cuba is around 3 % .
And while 800 Haitians died in the hurricanes that devastated both islands last year , Cuba lost four people .
In her book The Shock Doctrine , Naomi Klein shows how natural disasters and wars , from Iraq to the 2004 Asian tsunami , have been used by corporate interests and their state ­sponsors to drive through predatory neoliberal ­policies , from ­radical deregulation to privatisation , that would have been impossible at other times .
There 's no doubt that some would now like to impose a form of ­disaster ­capitalism on Haiti .
The influential US conservative Heritage Foundation initially argued last week that the ­earthquake ­offered ­" opportunities to ­reshape Haiti 's long - dysfunctional government and ­economy as well as to improve the ­public image of the United States " .
The former president Bill Clinton , who wants to build up Haiti 's export - processing zones , appeared to contemplate something similar , though a good deal more sensitively , in an interview with the BBC .
But more sweatshop assembly of products neither made nor sold in Haiti wo n't develop its economy nor provide a regular income for the majority .
That requires the cancellation of Haiti 's existing billion - dollar debt , a replacement of new loans with grants , and a Haitian - led democratic reconstruction of their own country , based on public investment , redevelopment of agriculture and a crash literacy programme .
That really would offer a route out of Haiti 's horror .
Nothing says “ I want you dead ” more than this Horsehead Pillow inspired from The Godfather .
You may remember the infamous scene in the classic film where a movie producer finds the head of his favorite horse on his bed , as a present of Don Corleone .
For people who are into a morbid sub-culture , are fans of The Godfather , or just think the idea of owning a severed horse head stuffed pillow is something you might want , the pillow is available for $ 45 stuffed , or $ 35 unstuffed , not including taxes .
You can purchase it here .
via lostateminor
SIGN UP !
There was an error with that email .
Please try another .
Offer valid on new sign - ups only , on orders of $ 70 or more .
You will receive a coupon via e-mail .
JANUARY 25 -- Television host Nancy Grace , who has made a career of berating people live on the air , is worried that her videotaped deposition this week in a wrongful death lawsuit might be leaked to the media , which could then " cut and splice " and " manipulate " her words into sound bites that would appear " wholly out of context . "
In an emergency motion filed today in U.S. District Court in Ocala , Florida , Grace 's lawyers asked a judge to either bar the filming of her deposition this Thursday or issue a protective order prohibiting dissemination of the video .
Grace , 50 , is being sued by the parents of Melinda Duckett , a 21 - year - old Florida woman who committed suicide in 2006 , one day after she was cross-examined by the CNN Headline News host about the whereabouts of her missing two - year - old son .
Police have described Duckett as the prime suspect in the disappearnce of her son Trenton , who has not been found .
In the motion , a copy of which you 'll find here , Grace 's attorneys noted that " there already have been threats to Ms. Grace during the pendency of this lawsuit , " adding that if the videotape were to surface pre-trial , such a leak would " serve no purpose but to further harass , embarrass , and intimidate Ms. Grace and corrupt the jury pool . "
In a response filed this afternoon , Duckett 's relatives called Grace 's legal maneuvering a " frivolous , untruthful motion , " since they had previously agreed to keep her videotaped testimony confidential .
Grace 's deposition is scheduled for 9 AM Thursday in the Atlanta offices of Holland & Knight , her lawyers .
( 7 pages )
SEOUL , South Korea  South Korea would launch a pre-emptive conventional strike against the North if there were clear indications of an impending nuclear attack , the South Korean defense minister said Wednesday in Seoul , even as both countries were holding talks about improvements at their jointly operated industrial park .
The comment by the defense minister , Kim Tae - young , reconfirmed the South Korean military ’s stance on the possibility of a nuclear strike by the North , ministry officials said .
But it also marked another exchange of tough talk between two militaries .
Last Friday , North Korea ’s National Defense Commission threatened a “ holy war to blow away ” the South , denouncing Seoul over unconfirmed news reports that the South has recently drawn up contingency plans for a potential collapse of the government in Pyongyang .
“ A nuclear attack from the North would cause too much damage for us to react , ” Mr. Kim said , speaking at a security seminar on Wednesday .
“ We must detect signs , and if there is a clear sign of attack , we must immediately strike .
Unless it ’s a case where we would sustain an attack but still could counterattack , we must strike first . ”
The aspiring rock star ’s indispensable guide to surviving a life in music , with advice from those who know best .
This issue , Alice In Chains ’ lead guitarist Jerry Cantrell lets rip with some nuggets of his knowledge and the lessons he ’s learnt throughout the years .
BEING LABELLED ‘GRUNGE ’
The frustrating part is getting tagged with a word .
It ’s just kind of a drag .
That ’s what the movement was called - it was n’t called that by any of us !
We were just playing rock and roll , man .
Let ’s put it this way , when we started out we were classified as metal , then we were alternative , then we were alternative metal , and then the grunge word hit and we were grunge , then in the last few years since we ’ve been playing again I ’ve seen us tagged as hard rock , metal , alternative metal , and now I just went to the HMV in London and we ’re back in the metal section !
So , I do n’t know ; you tell me !
CHERISH CREATIVE FREEDOM
The key thing there is to do what you feel is right .
We were lucky enough to be able to have some success to be able to do some of the things that we felt were right , and then they worked too , so there was n’t a lot to say to us , and that felt pretty good as a young man - and as a young band , to be able to have that kind of freedom - and I ’m really glad that we were able to do that .
MUSIC IS A HEALER
Music has always been something to rely on , through good or bad .
It ’s always been something that you can turn to .
Music has always been there for me , and continues to be , and I appreciate that ability to create - create out of situations that maybe are n’t so good , you know ?
It does n’t necessarily always have to be that way , but I guess there ’s enough love songs out there - and they ’re all good , I dig that , it ’s a good thing - but I ’ve always kinda dug writing about things that are a little darker , I guess !
THE ROAD
Like most things in life , touring a double - edged sword .
The good things are that you get to travel around and you get to see face - to - face people that your music has touched and have made a connection with it and that have supported you through thick and thin and are people that are dedicated to it .
You get to go all over the world and play for these people and you get to earn a living doing that - not having a straight gig is pretty fuckin’ cool !
Although it is very hard work and it ’s very demanding and the longer that you do it you realise that and it takes a lot of work to keep your body together - travelling around , getting sick , eating bad , not much sleep ...
But , you know , there are plenty of tougher jobs , so I am very grateful to be able to do this .
It ’s just part of the thing - everything has got a price , and it ’s a price that I ’m continually willing to pay .
DRUGS
That kinda stuff is just shit that every kid goes through - I do n’t think it ’s exclusive to musicians per se , I think those things are around for everybody .
Part of being a young person becoming an adult , you mess around with shit and it ’s probably pretty innocent and fun for a while , and it was for us .
But , you know , it ’s just like your mom and dad told you : it ’s not good for you !
But you do your thing and whatever , and then unfortunately it ’s usually got you before you even realise it .
We ’ve experienced the worst with that , especially losing our friend Layne [ original AIC lead singer Layne Staley died of an overdose in 2002 ] .
Maybe you ’ll wise up ; maybe you ’ll learn that that ’s not the way to go , or you just realise that maybe you ’ve got a lot of life left to live and what ’s more important .
It ’s a personal choice , I guess .
BE REAL
I think we all keep each other grounded - and we always have , even when we were n’t very grounded !
Part of that decision to stop touring was to try to deal with some of that stuff , and unfortunately it did n’t work out too well .
Try not to take yourself too seriously , try to have a laugh about it , but also try to take the work and the meaning behind what you do seriously .
But you gotta have a laugh at yourself and the situation .
You ’ve seen Spinal Tap ?
That shit happens to you on a daily basis , so there ’s plenty of shit to laugh at .
IF IT MAKES YOU HAPPY
I guess the definition of success is doing what makes you happy against all odds .
If you ’re lucky enough to be able to connect with a lot of other people , connect with an audience , to have all of those things line up and take place , that ’s pretty much the thing for me .
But , before the audience came and before the album sales and before all of that shit , I just cared about the music that we made .
And on top of that , we ’ve had success .
Doing what you believe in and doing what makes you happy first , that ’s the definition .
This week 's theme
Words about words
This week 's words
rhopalic
periphrastic
epanorthosis
monepic
ploce
Next week 's theme
Miscellaneous words
This week 's comments
AWADmail 389 Discuss
Feedback
RSS / XML Words about words A.Word .
A.Day with Anu Garg
ploce PRONUNCIATION : ( PLO - see ) MEANING : noun :
The repetition of a word or phrase for rhetorical emphasis or for extended meaning .
Examples :
" Why wilt thou sleep the sleep of death ? " ( William Blake )
" Make war upon themselves - brother to brother / Blood to blood , self against self . "
( Shakespeare )
ETYMOLOGY : From Latin ploce , from Greek ploke ( plaiting ) , from plekein ( to plait ) .
USAGE : " Theme and irony both seem to echo through the following lines , in which ploce and pronouns play off one another .
Duncan speaks to Lady Macbeth about love and thanks her for the ' trouble ' of hosting his visit :
The love that follows us sometimes is our trouble
Which still we thank as love .
Herein I teach you
How you shall bid God 'ild us for your pains ,
And thank us for your trouble . "
Paul Pellikka ; Echoes of Sound and Sense in Macbeth ; Style ; Spring 1997 .
See more usage examples of ploce in Vocabulary .com 's dictionary .
A THOUGHT FOR TODAY :
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey .
- Kenji Miyazawa , poet and story writer ( 1896 - 1933 )
We need your help
Help us continue to spread the magic of words to readers everywhere
Donate
JREF Swift Blog
Sylvia Browne : One Cool Cucumber
In the video below , Mark Edward , skeptic / mentalist / magician / activist , along with several of his friends , attends a Sylvia Browne performance on December 29th to commit activism , performance art , or sabotage , depending upon your view of such things .
When given a chance to grab the microphone , Edward complains to Sylvia of being plagued by “ spirits , ” the names of whom are Opal Jo Jennings , Farrell —
“ These are all your guides you ’re thinking of , ” croaks Sylvia .
“ No , they ’re not guides , ” he says .
“ Yes they are , ” croaketh Sylvia .
“ They ’re dead . ”
And that ’s true .
They are dead .
Opal and Terrence Farrell are just two of the skeletons rattling around Sylvia Browne ’s crowded closet , and she knows it .
The way she responds to Edward ’s mentioning their names says a lot about the lady ’s mindset when she ’s onstage .
Take a look at the whole confrontation , and stick around for a quick analysis after the jump .
You ’ll notice that the video also contains the voice of a mystery saboteur , impudently demanding that Sylvia tell him the exact age at which his father died .
Sylvia at first says he was “ young , ” and then qualifies her answer by explaining that “ young ” could mean any age up to 73 ( at least ) .
For this , she receives a round of applause .
Mark Edward gets the mic a moment later .
He speaks for only a moment before Browne apparently realizes that she is , as the video has it , being “ punked . ”
Her voice betrays nothing .
( I assume her face does n’t , either , but the video ’s too lo - fi to tell . )
Hip to what ’s going on , she immediately tries her best to keep Edward from speaking without alerting the assembled masses that there ’s anything unusual afoot .
She is unsuccessful .
In addition to Opal ( a six - year - old whom Browne had claimed was sold into “ white slavery ” in Japan after her 1999 abduction , but who was actually killed in her Texas hometown ) and Farrell ( a firefighter who died on 9/11 , but whom Browne predicted was alive and well and would be rescued within a few days of the tragedy ) , Edward quickly name - drops Linda McClelland ( a grown woman whom Browne had incorrectly predicted was still alive after her abduction in 2002 ) and Holly Krewson ( younger woman , same story ) .
“ They ’re dead , ” Edward says , “ and they ’re pissed . ”
There is a brief silence , and in it Browne must be weighing her options .
Should she acknowledge what ’s going on and defend herself — her record , her gifts , her livelihood , her legitimacy as an emissary of the spirit world ?
Or should she keep up appearances , and continue to pretend that Mark Edward really is a man plagued by spirit - voices ?
She pursues the latter tack .
Never mind that her cynicism will be apparent to anyone who knows the names Edward is dropping .
In her quick calculations , I believe Browne is reflecting that people who know things have never been her target demo .
When Mark Edward affects a fainting spell after summoning up the specter of the Sago mining disaster , women scream ; many assume they ’ve just witnessed a spiritual anomaly in a performance full of them .
Sylvia Browne knows otherwise , but she ’s not talking .
Game description
This Is the Only Level is a free puzzle game .
Play this classic and funny game that will test your limits .
Yes , there ’s the only level and you basically have to replay it over and over .
However , each time there ’s a little bit of a twist .
Sometimes right is left and down and is up , sometimes you must use your mouse , and sometimes you can float .
Yup , it ’s pretty random .
By looking at the title , you can get a hint at what you need to do .
If you get stuck , you can click on the “ Panic ” button .
The best thing you can do is just hit all the keys until you get it right .
Your goal is the same each time in this quirky platform game .
You must get the big red button , hit it to remove the green wall and make your way to the pipe to leave .
If your character ends up not making it , you ’ll be sent back to the beginning of your last stage .
If you ’re really stuck , head over to the tabs on the bottom and click on the walkthrough .
This is n’t a quick game but you can always go back to finish off where you left .
Finish all 30 stages of this unique platform game .
Instructions
It depends on the level , but you can use the arrow keys to move .
Sometimes , you can use your mouse to move your figure as well .
Pay attention to the titles of the stages to give you hints on how to play that stage .
If you get stuck , you can find the " panic " button on the bottom tab .
In that same tab , you can turn off the music , pause the game , and find the walkthrough .
This Is the Only Level gameplay
CONTENT RATING : All Ages ( more info )
RELEASE DATE : 28 Jan 2010
RATING : 94 %
7,643,503 PLAYS
Of the billions of stars in our Milky Way galaxy , 15 percent may host " twins " of our solar system , a new study says .
While that might not sound like much , the find suggests that several hundred million star systems look a lot like the one we call home , the study authors say .
The research is based on surveys of stars with gas giant planets — similar to Jupiter and Saturn — that orbit far from their stars .
As in our solar system , vast distances stretch between these stars and their gas giants .
This creates ample room for rocky planets to thrive in the stars ' habitable zones , the regions where liquid water can exist .
And that boosts the likelihood that other Earths , and maybe even other forms of life , abound in the Milky Way .
" For the first ten years of planet hunting , we were feeling a bit worried — other systems looked so different from our own solar system , " noted Debra Fischer , an astronomer at San Francisco State University who was not involved in the research .
" [ These ] results are reassuring us that there are solar systems akin to our own .
This is real data that strengthens the hypothesis that there are many habitable worlds like our Earth . "
Cosmic Magnifying Glass
Astronomers think that gas giants generally form farther from their stars , while rocky worlds like Earth form closer in .
But in some star systems it 's thought that gas giants migrate inward , knocking any smaller planets out of their orbits or destroying the rocky worlds outright .
Meanwhile , star systems like ours have gas giants in stable outer orbits .
" In these systems there is room for terrestrial planets to prosper and not get knocked out of their orbits , " said study co-author Andy Gould , an astronomer at Ohio State University .
What 's more , studies of Jupiter suggest that outer gas giants can act as gravitational shields , protecting inner rocky worlds — and any life - forms on them — from frequent asteroid impacts .
To find such star systems , nearly a hundred scientists joined forces as part of the Microlensing Follow - Up Network , or MicroFUN , to scour the galaxy using a technique called gravitational microlensing .
In this method , when one star passes in front of another , as seen from Earth , the nearer star 's gravity acts like a lens , bending and magnifying the more distant star 's light .
If the nearer star has orbiting planets , keen - eyed observers can spot the subtle clues of their presence in the magnified light .
If all the stars in the Milky Way hosted solar system twins , astronomers should have found at least six such systems them by now , according to a statistical analysis of four years ' worth of microlensing data .
But so far , only one other system like ours has been spotted :
In 2006 astronomers found a star with its own versions of Jupiter and Saturn .
That means just 15 percent of the galaxy 's stars must have solar systems like ours , Gould and colleagues announced this week at the 215th meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Washington , D.C .
Rough Estimate
Gould cautioned that his team 's " very rough " estimate is based on limited data and is likely to change as other star systems are spotted in the coming years .
For instance , some systems could house only Earthlike planets and no gas giants , Gould said .
But for now we do n't know , since most stars are too far away for current instruments to detect small , rocky worlds .
That might change as newer planet - hunting missions , such as the Kepler space telescope , begin to bear fruit .
Still , the new findings are in line with recent studies that say lower - mass planets such as " super Earths " might be relatively common in the galaxy , said Michael Meyer , of the Institute for Astronomy in Zurich , Switzerland .
" It may turn out that stars harboring even lower - mass terrestrial planets may be the rule rather than the exception , " said Meyer , who was not involved in the study .
" If so , understanding the dynamical relationship between the smaller terrestrial planets and the more massive gas and ice giants may help us to understand how common Earthlike planets might be in our galaxy . "
California Regulators Trip Magic 3 - Year - Payback Tipping Point for Solar Hot Water
January 22nd , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
Solar hot water is finally getting the respect it deserves in California .
In some well designed and much awaited legislation , the California Public Utilities Commission has decided , after a lengthy cost - benefit analysis , to go ahead with a nearly statewide program to provide financial incentives to encourage the rapid development of the solar hot water industry in California .
For most utility customers , this will bring costs down by 51 % to 60 % , into 3 year payback territory .
[ social_buttons ]
The measure will bring major greenhouse gas reductions to the state , because all buildings that use the sun to preheat 55 degree city water to about 90 degrees before it gets to the tank ; can reduce their natural gas use 25 % to 90 % with solar hot water .
And with these incentives , it becomes cost - effective right away .
Californian customers of the state ’s three biggest utilities can now get a 30 % rebate for solar hot water .
If they add the rebate to the new 30 % Federal tax credit ( signed into law with the Obama administration ’s American Recovery and Reinvestment Act in 2009 ) they are looking at 60 % ( or if the tax credit is on the after rebate cost – 51 % ) off a technology that is not only very effective , but is not that expensive to begin with .
Solar hot water for a typical house is between $ 4,000 and $ 7,000 , so even with a $ 1,010 limit , after the 30 % tax credit and the 30 % rebate , a homeowner could wind up paying only $ 2,000 to $ 3,500 to get a greatly reduced carbon footprint and utility bill forever .
Apartment owners get a higher limit ; up to $ 500,000 to defray 30 % of the upfront cost of the larger ( therefor more expensive ) systems that multi-family commercial buildings need to heat water .
Commercial buildings would get up to $ 250,000 off ( daytime hot water needs in offices are not as high as when lots of people are living in a building ) .
This is an incentive that is perfectly designed to trip the tipping point to jump - start a solar hot water industry .
It has been commonplace among solar industry professionals that there must be a 3 year payback for large building owners to make any investment , regardless of how much their long term savings are ; and in this economy , that position has only hardened .
Despite the fact that solar hot water systems can save literally millions of dollars for apartment owners over 20 years compared with continuing to pay for natural gas , many apartment owners have been loathe to invest long term , and unwilling to wait longer than 3 years for payback to get permanently cheap hot water with a low carbon footprint .
The 30 % Federal tax credit got payback to 6 years .
This does the rest .
By combining the 30 % Federal tax credits with this new 30 % California rebate , apartment owners would see break - even very quickly .
To sweeten the investment , the 30 % tax credit is also available as a cash grant for businesses that owe no tax this year , because the economic apocalypse last Fall felled any profits .
Because this tipping point is now reached , this rebate could create a real boom for Californian green jobs , and these are jobs that many unemployed Californians already know how to do .
Solar hot water installations require the skills that plumbers and electricians already have , and construction is currently suffering a 17 % unemployment rate .
Most solar estimators agree that solar hot water provides the most cost - effective greenhouse gas reduction pound for pound yearly between solar panels and solar hot water .
This even more true when it is used for radiant floor heating , not just hot water .
Solar companies do custom calculations of savings over time for free .
Tripping the magic 3 year payback math that makes it commercially acceptable should have an enormous impact in the most populous state in the US .
Related stories :
Feinstein Expands Solar Tax Credit to Include Public Swimming Pools
Consider a New Measure of Carbon Footprint
Image : Sun Light & Power
Source : Todd Woody at NYT
More from Susan Kraemer : Journalists on Twitter
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
I used to think gaming on my Droid sucked just because of the lack of exposure .
Top games are stuff like Robo Defense ( which is n't bad , but Retro Defense is way better ) , Gang Wars , and Fishing 2 Go , and Android games have never seemed to be posted much around here and certainly not on Kotaku .
I finally started finding sites that posted about stuff like Retro Defense , LightUp , Radiant , and Battle for Mars , and like playing games on my phone now .
Of course , having NES , SNES , Genesis , GBC , and GBA on my phone solved any possible lack of content on Android , but it 's nice to have some alternatives as well .
Yesterday , Google released its Zeitgiest 2009 list , featuring diverse categories such as fastest rising and falling image searches and name searches , most searched member of the Senate , most searched TV show ( Glee surprisingly ) , and most searched internet meme ( won by " Kanye West " , but probably was n’t due to the awards show memes that followed his VMA appearance ) .
The Zeitgeist painted an oddly prescient picture of cities across the country , too , as Google made top ten lists for each , with terms related especially to that city .
Portland ’s picture bleakly matches the economic climate of the past year .
According to the Zeitgeist , Portlanders rode the bus , looked for an unemployment claim , went to jail , tried to find work , and refined their education at local colleges .
In between , they looked for Blazers analysis .
This is by far the most depressing top ten in the country .
Other cities have movie theaters , libraries , and beerhalls .
We have unemployment .
Seattle has unemployment on their list , but it ’s at # 8 instead of # 2 , and the rest of their list is basically education and sports .
Only Denver , Minneapolis , and LA also have unemployment , and it ’s never as high as # 2 on their lists .
There are silver linings to the list , too , as the ranking of the Trimet trip planner at # 1 really shows how the city embraces its public transportation ( it also could be how confusing it is to read a bus schedule ) .
Phoenix , Boston , New York , and Chicago have public transit on their lists , but Portland is alone in having transit at the top , with the vaunted subways of New York nipping at their heels with MTA at their # 3 .
Perhaps the thing we can be the most proud of out of Google ’s endeavor is that we finally have an internationally famous landmark in our fair city .
Voodoo Doughnuts took the # 9 spot on the Google Maps fastest rising list , only beaten out by the likes of Mount Everest , the Grand Canyon , and the Eiffel Tower .
Take that , Space Needle !
“ Small Government Conservatives ” Who Worship the State
Some time back , someone commented on an earlier column by saying “ small government ” conservatives only hated the government when it offered people a crutch , not when it clubbed them .
There ’s a lot of truth in that .
Listening to most movement conservatives , you get the impression that the military and police do n’t count as part of the government .
They talk a good game about “ big government ” and its intrusiveness , how it meddles in everything , how dangerous it is , and so forth .
For example , take Michelle Malkin — please .
She wants a government that ’s small — just big enough to perform essential functions , like rounding up a few hundred thousand of its own citizens because of their ethnic background , and holding them without trial in internment camps .
Bill O’Reilly does n’t like big government — but he thinks terrorist thugs should be killed “ on the spot . ”
So apparently a government can be acceptably “ small ” — even with the power to kill anyone it claims is guilty of a crime .
Once O’Reilly defended the right of police to harass people they “ knew ” were guilty , when they could n’t prove it beyond a reasonable doubt to the satisfaction of a jury .
Sean Hannity ’s second to none when it comes to denouncing “ big government ” — but he practically wet himself when Ted Kennedy accused Bush of lying about Iraq .
Kennedy committed the heinous crime of — gasp — “ calling the Commander - in - Chief a liar … in WARTIME ! ”
So apparently the single human being on Earth with the greatest concentration of coercive force at his disposal does n’t count as part of the government .
Government is to be distrusted .
Government is to be feared .
But it only counts as “ government ” when it ’s acting within the borders of the United States .
Even though the government is a stinking pit of corruption whose domestic policy serves “ special interests ” at the average citizen ’s expense , when it acts overseas it suddenly becomes “ us , ” and it becomes un -American to question its motives .
The only part of government these “ conservatives ” seem to like is the part that wears uniforms and carries guns .
That whole approach is pretty weird , considering that coercive power is the defining feature of government .
To quote George Washington ( who damned well ought to have known ) , “ Government is not reason ; it is not eloquence .
It is force . ”
The police and military make government what it is .
Poul Anderson defined government as the institution that claims the right to kill anyone who disobeys it .
Without the ability to coercively enforce its will , government would just be a debating society , collecting contributions to fund worthy projects and suggesting new rules it might be a good idea for people to follow .
Both liberals and conservatives , in what passes for mainstream American political discourse , are guilty of ignoring the coercive nature of government , and thinking of it as “ us . ”
“ Conservatives ” are more prone to stop fearing government and think of it as “ us ” when it wears a uniform and beats people up ; “ liberals ” are more prone to think of it as “ us ” when it coopts forms of social cooperation that would exist anyway .
It probably reflects a difference in personality types .
Republicans tend to be type - A authoritarian personalities who are always demanding that we “ show ” somebody or other ( i.e. outsiders and dissidents ) who ’s boss , or “ get tough ” on this or that , and constantly accusing liberals of being “ soft ” on this or that ( it ’s apparently a party for old men who need viagra ) .
Democrats , on the other hand , tend to see society as a giant nursery , with a social worker going around saying “ Momma do n’t allow this !
Momma do n’t allow that ! ”
Both sides are guilty .
But at least the liberals have an internally consistent logic , because they do n’t claim to fear government .
It ’s pretty damned weird , on the other hand , when a philosophy claims to distrust government but does n’t think cops and soldiers — the people who make it a government — are part of the government .
( CNN ) --
The devastating 7.0 - magnitude earthquake that struck poverty - stricken Haiti just over a week ago offers a unique opportunity for reforming the country 's economy and institutions , a former U.S. envoy to Haiti said Thursday .
" If we can change some of those underlying factors that inhibit growth -- in particular the weak government -- I think there 's a chance for long - term development , " James Dobbins told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour .
He used the country 's harbor as an example of the need for more efficient and transparent institutions .
" The port of Haiti , which has been badly destroyed and is being repaired , has long been the most expensive port in the Western Hemisphere even though it has the lowest wage rate in the Western Hemisphere , " he said , citing poor management of the harbor for the discrepancy .
According to the CIA World Factbook , Haiti is the poorest country in the Americas , with about 80 percent of its residents living in poverty .
Before last week 's quake , the Haitian government had been working to improve the economy -- with the help of the United Nations and other international institutions -- after years of conflict and corruption , including a violent uprising that forced President Jean - Bertrand Aristide into exile in 2004 .
Full coverage | Twitter updates
" What we need to do is make sure that the additional assistance that 's generated by this relief operation works synergistically with the reforms that had been going forward under the earlier operation , " Dobbins said .
He said there are three reasons why he believes there may be a better chance now to reform Haiti than in the past : bipartisanship on the issue in Washington , substantial assistance from the United States and other countries , and a greater willingness in Haiti to embrace change .
" It has undergone shock , " he said .
" Some of the institutional and social obstacles to reform may now be more movable .
The Haitian system itself may be more malleable . "
But he warned that an improved Haiti wo n't happen overnight .
" Obviously a country in which half the population lives on $ 1 a day -- it 's going to be a long time before that 's even a moderately prosperous country , " he said .
He emphasized the importance of ensuring there is good governance in Haiti .
" It 's not simply pouring money into an operating , functioning state , " he said .
" It 's building up the state itself so that we do n't have to continue to do for Haiti things that Haitians ultimately can do for themselves . "
The Great Office War from Runawaybox on Vimeo .
Wow .
Clocking in at a little under 5 minutes , this is one of the coolest videos I ’ve seen on the web in a long time .
Enjoy .
Thanks for the link , Erick !
The Great Office War @ Vimeo
I 'm going to sketch a chronology and analysis that draw on the history of several centuries of science and on many volumes written about that .
In being concise , I 'll make some very sweeping generalizations without acknowledging necessary exceptions or nuances .
But the basic story is solidly in the mainstream of history of science , philosophy of science , sociology of science , and the like , what 's nowadays called " science & technology studies " ( STS ) .
It never was really true , of course , as the conventional wisdom tends even now to imagine , that " the scientific method " guarantees objectivity , that scientists work impersonally to discover truth , that scientists are notably smarter , more trustworthy , more honest , so tied up in their work that they neglect everything else , do n't care about making money . . .
But it is true that for centuries scientists were n't subject to multiple and powerful conflicts of interest .
There is no " scientific method . "
Science is done by people ; people are n't objective .
Scientists are just like other professionals — to use a telling contemporary parallel , scientists are professionals just like the wheelers and dealers on Wall Street : not exactly dishonest , but looking out first and foremost for Number One .
" Modern " science dates roughly from the 17th century .
It was driven by the sheer curiosity of lay amateurs and the God - worshipping curiosity of churchmen ; there was little or no conflict of interest with plain truth - seeking .
The truth - seekers formed voluntary associations : academies like the Royal Society of London .
Those began to publish what happened at their meetings , and some of those Proceedings and Transactions have continued publication to the present day .
These meetings and publications were the first informal steps to contemporary " peer review . "
During the 19th century , " scientist " became a profession , one could make a living at it .
Research universities were founded , and with that came the inevitable conflict of interest between truth - seeking and career - making , especially since science gained a very high status and one could become famous through success in science .
( An excellent account is by David Knight in The Age of Science . )
Still it was pretty much an intellectual free market , in which the entrepreneurs could be highly independent because almost all science was quite inexpensive and there were a multitude of potential patrons and sponsors , circumstances that made for genuine intellectual competition .
The portentous change to " Big Science " really got going in mid-20th century .
Iconic of the new circumstances remains the Manhattan Project to produce atomic bombs .
Its dramatic success strengthened the popular faith that " science " can do anything , and very quickly , given enough resources .
More than half a century later , people still talk about having a " Manhattan Project " to stop global warming , eradicate cancer , whatever .
So shortly after World War II , the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) was established , and researchers could get grants for almost anything they wanted to do , not only from NSF but also from the Atomic Energy Commission , the Army , the Navy , the Air Force , the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) , the Department of the Interior , the Agriculture Department . . . as well as from a number of private foundations .
I experienced the tail end of this bonanza after I came to the United States in the mid-1960s .
Everyone was getting grants .
Teachers colleges were climbing the prestige ladder to become research universities , funded by grant - getting faculty " stars " : colleges just had to appoint some researchers , those would bring in the moolah , that would pay for graduate students to do the actual work , and the " overhead " or " indirect costs " associated with the grants — often on the order of 25 % , with private universities sometimes even double that — allowed the institutions to establish all sorts of infrastructure and administrative structures .
In the 1940s , there had been 107 PhD - granting universities in the United States ; by 1978 there were more than 300 .
Institutions competed with one another for faculty stars and to be ranked high among " research universities , " to get their graduate programs into the 20 or so " Top Graduate Departments " — rankings that were being published at intervals for quite a range of disciplines .
Everything was being quantified , and the rankings pretty much reflected quantity , because of course that 's what you can measure " objectively " :
How many grants ?
How much money ?
How many papers published ?
How many citations to those papers ?
How many students ?
How many graduates placed where ?
This quantitative explosion quickly reached the limits of possible growth .
That had been predicted early on by Derek de Solla Price , historian of science and pioneer of " scientometrics " and " Science Indicators , " quantitative measures of scientific and technological activity .
Price had recognized that science had been growing exponentially with remarkable regularity since roughly the 17th century : doubling about every 15 years had been the numbers of scientific journals being published , the numbers of papers being published in them , the numbers of abstracts journals established to digest the flood of research , the numbers of researchers . . . .
Soon after WWII , Price noted , expenditures on research and development ( R&D ) had reached about 2.5 % of GDP in industrialized countries , which meant quite obviously that continued exponential growth had become literally impossible .
And indeed the growth slowed , and quite dramatically by the early 1970s .
I saw recently that the Obama administration expressed the ambition to bring R&D to 3 % of GDP , so there 's indeed been little relative growth in the last half century .
The Origin , Persistenc ...
Henry H. Bauer Best Price : $ 4.00 Buy New $ 35.00 ( as of 10:35 EST - Details )
Now , modern science had developed a culture based on limitless growth .
Huge numbers of graduates were being turned out , many with the ambition to do what their mentors had done : become entrepreneurial researchers bringing in grants wholesale and commanding a stable of students and post - docs who could churn out the research and generate a flood of publications .
By the late 1960s or early 1970s , for example , to my personal knowledge , one of the leading electrochemists in the United States in one of the better universities was controlling annual expenditures of many hundreds of thousands of dollars ( 1970s dollars ! ) , with several postdocs each supervising a horde of graduate students and pouring out the paper .
The change from unlimited possibilities to a culture of steady state , to science as zero-sum game , represents a genuine crisis :
If one person gets a grant , some number of others do n't .
The " success rate " in applications to NSF or the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) is no more than 25 % on average nowadays , less so among the not - yet - established institutions .
So it would make sense for researchers to change their aims , their beliefs about what is possible , to stop counting success in terms of quantities : but they can't do that because the institutions that employ them still count success in terms of quantity , primarily the quantity of dollars brought in .
To draw again on a contemporary analogy , scientific research and the production or training of researchers expanded in bubble - like fashion following World War II ; that bubble was pricked in the early 1970s and has been deflating with increasingly obvious consequences ever since .
One consequence of the bubble 's burst is that there are far too many would - be researchers and would - be research institutions chasing grants .
Increasing desperation leads to corner - cutting and frank cheating .
Senior researchers established in comfortable positions guard their own privileged circumstances jealously , and that means in some part not allowing their favored theories and approaches to be challenged by the Young Turks .
Hence knowledge monopolies and research cartels .
Science or Pseudoscien ...
Henry H. Bauer Best Price : $ 2.99 Buy New $ 3.24 ( as of 10:15 EST - Details )
A consequence of Big Science is that very few if any researchers can work as independent entrepreneurs .
They belong to teams or institutions with inevitably hierarchical structures .
Where independent scientists owed loyalty first and foremost to scientific truth , now employee researchers owe loyalty first to employers , grant - givers , sponsors .
( For this change in ideals and mores , see John Ziman , Prometheus Bound , 1994 . )
Science used to be compared to religion , and scientists to monks — in the late 19th century , T. H. Huxley claimed quite seriously to be giving Lay Sermons on behalf of the Church of Scientific ; but today 's scientists , as already said , are more like Wall Street professionals than like monks .
Since those who pay the piper call the tune , research projects are chosen increasingly for non-scientific reasons ; perhaps political ones , as when President Nixon declared war on cancer at a time when the scientific background knowledge made such a declaration substantively ludicrous and doomed to failure for the foreseeable future .
With administrators in control because the enterprises are so large , bureaucrats set the rules and make the decisions .
For advice , they naturally listen to the senior well - established figures , so grants go only to " mainstream " projects .
Nowadays there are conflicts of interest everywhere .
Researchers benefit from individual consultancies .
University faculty establish personal businesses to exploit their specialized knowledge which was gained largely at public expense .
Institutional conflicts of interest are everywhere :
There are university - industry collaborations ; some universities have toyed with establishing their own for - profit enterprises to exploit directly the patents generated by their faculty ; research universities have whole bureaucracies devoted to finding ways to make money from the university 's knowledge stock , just as the same or parallel university bureaucracies sell rights to use the university 's athletics logos .
It is not at all an exaggeration to talk of an academic - government - industry complex whose prime objective is not the search for abstract scientific truth .
Widely known is that President Eisenhower had warned of the dangers of a military - industrial complex .
Much less well known is that Eisenhower was just as insightful and prescient about the dangers from Big Science :
in holding scientific research and discovery in respect . . . we must also be alert to the . . . danger that public policy could itself become the captive of a scientific - technological elite
That describes in a nutshell today 's knowledge monopolies .
A single theory acts as dogma once the senior , established researchers have managed to capture the cooperation of the political powers .
The media take their cues also from the powers that be and from the established scientific authorities , so " no one " even knows that alternatives exist to HIV / AIDS theory , to the theory that human activities are contributing to climate change , that the Big Bang might not have happened , that it was n't an asteroid that killed the dinosaurs , and so on .
Scientific Literacy an ... Henry H. Bauer Best Price : $ 4.25 Buy New $ 12.28 ( as of 10:10 EST - Details )
The bitter lesson is that the traditionally normal process of science , open argument and unfettered competition , can no longer be relied upon to deliver empirically arrived at , relatively objective understanding of the world 's workings .
Political and social activism and public - relations efforts are needed , as public policies are increasingly determined by the actions of lobbyists backed by tremendous resources and pushing a single dogmatic approach .
No collection of scientifically impeccable writings can compete against an International Panel on Climate Change and a Nobel Peace Prize awarded for Albert Gore 's activism and " documentary " film — and that is no prophesy , for the evidence is here already , in the thousands of well - qualified environmental scientists who have for years petitioned for an unbiased analysis of the data .
No collection of scientifically impeccable writings can compete against the National Institutes of Health , the World Health Organization , UNAIDS , innumerable eminent charities like the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , when it comes to questions of HIV and AIDS — and again that is no prophesy , because the data have been clear for a couple of decades that HIV is not , cannot be the cause of AIDS .
If you like this site , please help keep it going and growing .
As to HIV and AIDS , maybe the impetus to truth may come from politicians who insist on finding out exactly what the benefits are of the roughly $ 20 billion we — the United States — are spending annually under the mistaken HIV / AIDS theory .
Or maybe the impetus to truth may come from African Americans , who may finally rebel against the calumny that it is their reprehensible behavior that makes them 7 to 20 times more likely to test " HIV - positive " than their white American compatriots ; or perhaps from South African blacks who are alleged to be " infected " at rates as high as 30 % , supposedly because they are continually engaged in " concurrent multiple sexual relationships , " having multiple sexual partners at any given time but changing them every few weeks or months .
Or from a court case or series of them , because of ill health caused by toxic antiretroviral drugs administered on the basis of misleading " HIV " tests ; or perhaps because one or more of the " AIDS denialists " wins libel judgment against one or more of those who call them Holocaust deniers .
Maybe the impetus to truth may come from the media finally seizing on any of the above as something " news - worthy . "
At any rate , the science has long been clear , and the need is for action at a political , social , public - relations , level .
In this age of knowledge monopolies and research cartels , scientific truth is suppressed by the most powerful forces in society .
It used to be that this sort of thing would be experienced only in Nazi Germany or the Soviet Union , but nowadays it happens in democratic societies as a result of what President Eisenhower warned against : " public policy . . . become the captive of a scientific - technological elite . "
December 19 , 2009
The Best of Henry Bauer
On hisblog , the founder of Twisted posts " unboxing " photos via Gizmodo ) of a job offer he recently received from Apple .
The photos unsurprisingly reveal that the company that places such emphasis on design aesthetics for both products and packaging also appears to have put a fair amount of effort into its human resources materials , resulting in a sleek appearance likely to appeal to and impress potential employees .
The tension on the hinge of the folder is perfect : not too tense , not too loose .
It opens easily and will lay flat on any work surface .
In case I did n't actually know who they are or what it was , the words " welcome to apple " adorn the inner flap .
Tab separators along the tops of the section allow me to quickly find the files that I need .
If you 're not familiar with paper technology , this is not unlike the " tab " widgets you might see along the top of a browser window such as Firefox and Safari .
They work by placing your finger on top of the desired " tab " and lightly pulling .
Perfectly intuitive .
Article Link : Apple Job Offer ' Unboxing ' Pictures Posted
Could our favorite foul - mouthed fourth graders be coming to Broadway ?
Well , we ’re not exactly sure yet .
What we do know is that that Trey Parker , Matt Stone , and Robert Lopez , the composer of Avenue Q , are working on a new musical that will run in August and September at New York Theatre Workshop — the same East Village space that premiered Rent back in 1996 .
While we think a staged South Park musical , complete with the Satan worshiping Woodland Critters and a hatred for gingers , is a hilarious idea , we ’d also like to see this darkly comedic dream team come up with something new .
With a group of guys that have written songs concerning American jingoism , the amount of porn on the Internet , and Helen Keller , we trust that whatever they come up with will be both irreverent and LMAO funny .
Berkeley is moving full - steam ahead with plans for a new ferry terminal , despite howls from windsurfers and environmentalists that the ferries will bring the marina more harm than good .
The City Council recently approved preliminary plans for a $ 57 million terminal at the waterfront , just south of the Berkeley Pier .
Two ferries , which will run primarily during commute hours , are expected to bring 1,700 people a day to San Francisco via a 30 - minute trek across the bay .
" Long - term , this will be one of the spines of our transportation system , " said City Councilman Laurie Capitelli , who put forth the measure .
" When , not if , the Hayward Fault lets loose , this will be an ideal way to get people around the bay . "
The terminal will be built , operated and paid for by the Water Emergency Transportation Authority , which also runs ferry terminals in Oakland , Alameda and Vallejo .
The money comes from bridge tolls , federal funds and state bonds .
The final environmental impact report will be complete in early 2010 and , if approved by the authority board and federal transportation officials , construction would start later in the year .
The terminal is slated for Seawall Drive , adjacent to Hs Lordships restaurant .
Parking will be available for 400 cars after the existing parking areas are reconfigured .
But windsurfers have been fighting the project , saying the terminal will block their favorite launching spot and commuters will take all the available parking at the marina .
They 're also mad because the city agreed to lease the land to the ferry authority for $ 1 a year , but is attempting to raise the rent for the Cal Sailing Club , which serves about 900 windsurfers and sailors , from $ 5,000 to $ 15,000 a year .
" I think it sucks , personally , " said Peter Kuhn , club treasurer .
" The city is providing free space for ferries to take 50 people to the Financial District in comfort .
It 's a big boondoggle .
We all laughed at it . "
The club has raised its dues , from $ 276 to $ 300 a year , and required members to volunteer to maintain the dock and 225 - square - foot clubhouse .
The City Council asked the ferry authority to save room along the waterfront for windsurfers , but that 's not enough , Kuhn said .
Windsurfers and sailors deserve equal treatment by the city , he said .
" What we really want is to take over the ferry building as soon as they go bankrupt , " he said .
City Councilman Kriss Worthington opposed the terminal for environmental reasons , saying the ferries create too much greenhouse gas .
" If everyone 's so gung - ho about our climate action plan , then why are we not telling WETA ( the Water Emergency Transportation Authority ) to make their ferries more ecological ? " he said , adding that the ferries could save energy by traveling at a slower speed .
The council added 15 suggestions to its approval , including charging for parking , using low - emissions ferries and allowing other ferry services to operate at the terminal on the weekends .
The ferry authority is considering the suggestions , said spokesman Leamon Abrams .
Capitelli said the windsurfers ' and environmental concerns can be easily worked out in the next few months .
The city 's priority should be creating transit options for its residents .
" The Bay Area is in the process of building water transit infrastructure , " he said .
" Berkeley can either be a part of it or not be a part of it . "
Not all windsurfers are opposed to the new terminal .
Sofien Sehiri , a Cal Sailing Club member who lives in Berkeley , said he welcomes the club 's new neighbors at the marina .
" As a windsurfer , I love ferry wakes , " he said .
" They 're great to jump .
I 'm very , very happy . "
Very cool .
Now if there was a way to do it so the door could be opened and something put in then the PC could take a pic when the door is closed and display that then the person could enter the time and cook power , press start and it would show a graphic of the meal being cooked and then bluescreen on them with the text saying something about the microwave not liking their choice of food or to choose more healthy food , that would be a killer prank .
Of course you would have to add a webcam that could record the persons reaction too .
We were n't able to figure out your latitude or longitude with accuracy .
Try clicking the Where am I ? button below to improve your latitude and longitude .
Let 's see if we can do better !
Click the button below to further refine your latitude and longitude :
Where am I ?
Oops !
An error occurred while trying to determine your position .
Top 10 Films editor Dan Stephens analyses the mechanics of Sam Peckinpah ’s controversial masterpiece Straw Dogs and finds that the roots of this tale of honour and revenge begin in the school playground …
“ I do n’t know my way home , ” says simpleton Henry Niles to a dishevelled David Sumner ( Dustin Hoffman ) at the end of Sam Peckinpah ’s masterpiece Straw Dogs .
David , with one lens of his spectacles broken and cuts and bruises to his face , smiles and calmly replies : “ That ’s okay , I do n’t either . ”
The two men drive towards the little Cornish village nearby , their futures uncertain .
It ’s a poetic and fitting climax to David ’s story – a man who arrived in the intimately scaled , unassuming English village timid and withdrawn , concerned more with his work than his restless , lascivious wife , and who leaves having found a bravery , or indeed an anger , he did not know he possessed .
What he does with it now is up to him , but his life may have taken on a momentous change , one that will govern his future self .
Sam Peckinpah ’s film can easily be described as one of the greatest ever made .
Not because it sparked such controversy but because it rewards the discerning viewer with something unique on each and every viewing .
It is thought - provoking , angry , and provocative .
It is cold and detached yet displays the human condition as if laid naked in all its primal glory .
It ’s disgusting , painful , and upsetting yet at times funny , profoundly beautiful and inspiring .
Just sample the rape of Amy cut between David shooting birds in the Cornish countryside .
It ’s at once a horrific image and a picturesque one – Amy ’s sweaty , frightened face and muted anguish coupled with the blissfully unaware David as he watches the odd bird fly into a blue sky over rolling English hills .
Of course , underlying it all is this married couple ’s violation by apathetic thugs – and Peckinpah displays this violation during this particular scene via two very different routes .
Amy is sexually violated , her body and person dismissed as nothing more than an object , while David ’s honour is corrupted .
He has failed to foresee the plan to leave him in the wilderness , he has failed to protect his wife , and he has failed to protect his home .
In the space of only a minute or so , Peckinpah has taken the viewer through a series of emotions , all differing in their intensity depending on the person .
And that ’s the beauty of the film .
No matter what you think of Straw Dogs it provokes a reaction .
Whether that reaction is good or bad , it sheds light on the dark side of human nature , and whether we like it or not , it exists .
The film essentially comes from the school playground .
Witness the opening shots of children playing – Peckinpah ’s camera suggestively watching the kids jumping and running around gravestones .
Here , when we are young , we find our first instances of joy and unhappiness outside of the family home .
Joy playing with friends and meeting new people ; unhappiness at the strict regime , the taskmaster head teacher , and the bully .
And , it ’s the bully that Peckinpah focuses on .
Dustin Hoffman ’s David and wife Amy ( Susan George ) return to the south - west English town where she grew up .
David is a mathematician and has a grant to continue his work .
In Amy ’s now vacant family home he feels he will get the peace and quiet he needs .
But she ’s happy to be back in her old hunting ground , taunting former - lover Charlie Venner with her seductive attire .
She even displays her naked body at the window when she knows he ’s outside working on the house roof , her body available for Venner and his co-workers to see .
Immediately we witness David and Amy ’s relationship as one that has lost its sexual spark .
He is apathetic towards her , while her playful attempts at seduction fail to detract him from his work or his daily routine such as setting the alarm clock or taking his watch off before bed .
Part of David ’s ultimate rage comes from his perceived virility in the face of powerful , rugged , alpha-males including Amy ’s ex-boyfriend .
She resorts to childish pranks such as drawing on David ’s blackboard and flirting with the workers in front of her husband .
She is presented as a spoiled and restless child craving attention , her mild annoyances dispelled by David in father - to - daughter retorts .
“ Do n’t play games with me , ” he says , “ I ’ve got a lot on my mind . ”
In one scene she stands before him having slashed a long line of chalk over his calculations on the blackboard .
She looks at him chewing gum like a child with sweets they should n’t be eating before teatime .
She then takes out the gum and , mischievously , sticks it to the blackboard .
Peckinpah is telling us about this couple ’s relationship but he ’s also underlining that this story starts with the juvenile delinquents of the school playground .
The bullying in the film begins with jokes at the expense of the American .
David can hear the workers talking about him and laughing .
It ’s that sense you get when you hear someone laughing and wonder if they are laughing at you .
The bullying takes a turn for the worse when the workers , when travelling home , encourage David , who is driving behind them in his car , to overtake their truck .
Unbeknown to him they have instigated a near head - on collision with a truck coming in the opposite direction .
Peckinpah allows the film to gradually get darker – each prank becoming more and more destructive .
The bullies decide to murder Amy ’s cat and hang it by the neck in the couple ’s bedroom closet .
Amy tells David they did it to prove they could get into his bedroom – yet another stab at his virility .
She begs him to do something about it ( a wry request for affection as well as an angry cry for protection ) but , after initially deciding to confront them , thinks better of it .
He ’s scared to confront the bullies .
Even though he knows they did it , and he knows they taunt him behind his back , he feels inadequate .
The cat hanging dead in the closet is a stark and obscene precursor to the rape of Amy – a further violation of David ’s honour and a direct attack on his ability as a protector of home and family .
However , David never learns of the rape , but we as an audience know it occurred .
When David is finally driven to defend himself by force it is n’t because of his wife but because he knows his life is now in immediate danger .
We are positioned firmly behind his retribution because we know his wife has been raped .
Although it is n’t made clear , David ’s defence of his home and his person is not a selfish act that dismisses his wife ( who he continually tells to go upstairs out of the way ) .
His timid persona has always shied away from violence .
He has so far failed to stand up to the bullies because he knows he is outnumbered and in a losing situation .
For this , he feels less powerful in front of his beautiful wife because he has n’t fulfilled his duties as the alpha male .
His violent offensive is fuelled by the primal need to preserve his life and to re-state his position in his wife ’s eyes .
Whether he has eventually fallen out of love with her or not ( the killing of Venner when David ignores
Amy ’s plea to spare his life may be read as the jealous destruction of a love rival , or David intending to hurt his wife who still retained feelings for her old lover ) , he has established that he can defend her .
Quite simply , she asked him to stand up the bullies and now he has .
She did not take into consideration the damage such revolt would cause , he on the other hand , did .
It is only when the magistrate is murdered in cold blood that David , his calculating , observant mind deducing his options are very limited , takes the steps to suppress the bullies .
It ’s interesting that David never becomes personified as child - like .
The other characters all do .
David Warner plays village simpleton Henry Niles .
He ’s the overt adult - child and has the mental age of a pre-schooler .
He is presented to us as untrustworthy and dangerous .
Amy is another child , governed by her father - like husband David , who she constantly annoys to gain attention .
The other children are the bullies – men who have simply transferred their playground tricks to adult life – hiding toys and chasing prey has become murdered cats shut in closets and driving dangerously on the roads .
During the climatic confrontation we see the bullies explicitly taking on the role of children as they play on tricycles , two characters racing each other down the driveway .
Another character wears a toy - like fake nose , and incessantly squeaks a push - button horn on the tricycle like an over - sugared youngster with no authority figure to shout “ cut it out ! ” .
This uncontrollable , unpredictable juvenile culture is destructive and anti-authoritarian through Peckinpah ’s cinematic gaze .
But witness the murdering delinquents of Kubrick ’s A Clockwork Orange and the infant killers of Cronenberg ’s The Brood – all films released in the late 1970s – for similar notions on the early formation of the id .
The inspiration behind these films is largely due to the anti-establishment sentiment prevalent at the time , as well as the freedoms allowed to filmmakers to make movies with studio backing but without creative constraints .
However , ultimately , in Straw Dogs we see David ’s hesitant reaction to provocation turned on its head .
He is returned to the playground where his diffidence probably first surfaced .
In finally being forced to break free of his reserved , self - containment , he is given a new lease of life .
He has taken on the bullies , where in the past he has been unable to , and defeated them .
Interestingly , Straw Dogs is styled like an American western set in the English countryside .
This leftfield choice is n’t surprising since Peckinpah ’s most celebrated movie is The Wild Bunch and up until 1971 he had only concerned himself with the western genre .
The Wild Bunch is a sort of non-traditional interpretation of the western that has sometimes been referred to as the anti-western .
Here , Peckinpah relocates the conventional setting to an English pub and isolated village .
Protagonist David enters the pub early in the film and is immediately recognised as an outsider .
He ’s the lone American amongst these British brutes .
Add some swing doors to the pub ’s entrance and you would n’t know whether you were in Truro or Tombstone .
It is here that David first meets his would - be nemesis Tom McKenna .
McKenna offers to pay for “ the American ’s ” cigarettes , a sly moment of one - upmanship .
David ’s meek insistence that he can pay for his own cigarettes is ignored .
It ’s a neat introduction to the eventual showdown between these two men .
However , Peckinpah suspiciously never fully reveals which of these two characters is the hero and which is the villain : the outlaw and the Sheriff .
When the showdown does take place it features the classic stand - off transported to the modest green hills and cold night air of the British Isles .
McKenna and his gang give David the ultimatum : deliver Henry Niles to them or else they will break in and take him .
David refuses , he knows they will kill Henry .
Peckinpah curiously stages the fight on the basis that David is defending his home , his wife , and himself , and McKenna is defending the honour of his daughter and the village against Niles ’ dangerous psychosis .
However , David is driven to instigating physical retribution because of the humiliation he feels at the hands of the bullies who now stand behind and support McKenna ’s plight .
He is angry and ashamed , he is now ready to fight his corner .
Does he keep Niles inside the house purposely to ignite violence ?
Likewise , McKenna might be doing what , in his mind , is the right thing to do .
But , McKenna is acting as executioner where he has no authority to do so .
Conversely , these two men are both hero and villain .
The climatic battle is given a kinetic energy by the immediacy of fast cuts and Peckinpah ’s unsteady camera ; it ’s disorientating and unnerving .
John Coquillon photographs the interior and exterior as two opposing entities : the dark night sky contrasted by bright backlights and an unforgiving mist , the warm interior given a clinical finish by the electric lamps of the house .
The scene is at once mysterious and surreal , and conversely homely and recognisable .
Straw Dogs is a powerful and brilliant deconstruction and exploration of the human condition in the face of provocation .
It is one of the most affecting movie experiences one can have , and one of the most rewarding .
In some ways Peckinpah , by 1971 , was a Hollywood exile who arrived in the UK unsure of his next project .
We can only be thankful for this studio - imposed injustice – Straw Dogs is his greatest achievement .
Written by Daniel Stephens
By Robert Skidelsky and Edward Skidelsky Published by Allen Lane , 2012 ISBN : 978-0241953891
Published by Robert Skidelsky
Economist and member of the House of Lords View all posts by Robert Skidelsky
Who said it never rains in Southern California ?
Roads in Long Beach were flooded
California , a part of the world usually associated with sunny skies and sandy beaches , is suffering from such heavy rains that a state of emergency has been declared in several areas including Los Angeles , as David Willis reports .
Remember that song It Never Rains In Southern California ?
Ironically perhaps , it was written by an Englishman - Albert Hammond - who had yet to actually travel here when he came up with those words .
True - it is not actually about the weather , but it has probably done more than any other ditty to uphold the image of Los Angeles as some sort of palm - fringed paradise with nary a cloud in the sky which - compared to where Mr Hammond and I hail from - it is .
Wisdom has it there are indeed four seasons in Los Angeles - fires , floods , mudslides and earthquakes
There are parts of the UK which get 15 times more rainfall in a typical year than Los Angeles .
Seattle , much further up the coast from here , averages 37 inches ( 940 mm ) of rain .
That is double the figure for the City of Angels .
' Batten down the hatches '
Yet to hear the city 's overly tanned weathermen working themselves up into a frenzy over the last few days , you could be forgiven for thinking we were on the brink of an apocalypse .
Struggling to contain themselves as they conjured up portentous satellite images of storm clouds preparing to wreak havoc , the warnings became increasingly dire .
Stay home and batten down the hatches .
Dig a hole or hide in the refrigerator .
Better still , round up two of every animal and build an ark .
And if you do have to go out , for goodness ' sake take something with you to fend off those locusts and frogs .
The cause of all this excitement ?
Rain - rain which would bring with it hailstones the size of grapefruit and winds fierce enough to reconfigure a Beverly Hills facelift .
Up to six inches ( 150 mm ) were forecast in some places and , as well as thunder and lightning , God forbid that the temperature would fall below 60 F ( 15C ) - or , as it is known locally , the limit of human endurance .
Malevolent gusts
To me , six inches of rain is really only a concern if you happen to be less than six inches tall .
Otherwise there is a pretty good chance you will survive .
But it is a problem here not only because of what people are used to , but because of where they have chosen to live .
Wisdom has it there are indeed four seasons in Los Angeles - fires , floods , mudslides and earthquakes .
A bone - dry summer paves the way for so - called Santa Ana winds - malevolent gusts which carry with them a dry heat from the desert .
All it takes is a stray cigarette butt and California bursts into flames .
It does so every year - regular as clockwork - but , for reasons known best to themselves , that does not deter people from building in wooded canyons or on the edge of steep hillsides .
Those that survive fires fanned by the blow - torch winds have only to wait until the rain arrives and , before they know it , they are on their way to Mexico on the back of a sudden mudslide .
It comes down to the fact that people here simply do not understand rain the way British people do .
' Cats and dogs '
And why should they when they get so little of it ?
It is little wonder that a city which sees 320 days of sunshine virtually grinds to a halt the moment the heavens open .
Drivers put on their headlights and slow to a crawl , tempers rise .
Interrupting a perfectly blissful summer 's day is one thing , but these clouds had the temerity to intrude on paradise .
The good news was the rain had scrubbed the sky of smog and left my newly re-seeded lawn looking a lush green
I woke up the day after the " big one " - our fourth big storm in a week - and was relieved to find my house was on the same street it was on when I went to bed .
We had had some thunder and lightning overnight .
There were even reports that a car had been picked up by a tornado and tossed around like a rag doll ( as if things were not bad enough for the American auto industry ) .
And I must say it was still raining cats and dogs whilst I was making breakfast .
But venturing out gingerly - while keeping an eye open for the four horsemen of the apocalypse - I have to say it proved about as treacherous as a typical day on Bournemouth seafront .
The weathermen 's verdict was we " dodged a bullet " and , aside from some gripping live pictures of a fireman rescuing a bemused - looking border collie from a lake , TV stations had to content themselves with shots of swaying palm trees and the odd bicycle that had blown over , hardly the stuff of newsgathering legend .
The good news was that the rain had scrubbed the sky of smog and left my newly re-seeded lawn glowing a lush green .
I could not resist a peek at the forecast and almost squealed in delight when I read it : cloudy skies giving way to another storm system moving in off the coast .
As far as I am concerned , it cannot come soon enough , not least because it reminds me of home and why I came to live here in the first place .
It never rains in Southern California - just ask Albert Hammond - but , girl , do n't they warn ya , it pours .
Oh man , it pours .
How to listen to : From Our Own Correspondent BBC Radio 4 : Saturdays , 1130 .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 ( some weeks only ) BBC World Service :
See programme schedules Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Yeah , hardware accelerating Doom is an important milestone in any fledgling system 's career , but when you talk 3D acceleration , Quake is certainly a giant leap ahead of Doom in polygonal terms .
The game has now been ported to webOS using the same new SDL library from version 1.3.5 , and while it looks a little sluggish and crashy in the video after the break , it 's clearly a landmark event just the same .
Now if only we could get stuff like this in the App Catalog we'd be perfectly happy forever and ever .
Or for at least a week .
Thames Valley Police officers were filmed using riot shields to sledge down a snowy hill while on duty .
Rick Latham filmed the officers on Boars Hill , Oxford , and posted it on YouTube .
Local policing area commander Supt Andrew Murray said the snow had " a habit of bringing out the child in all of us " .
He added : " I have spoken to the officers concerned and reminded them in no uncertain terms that tobogganing on duty , on police equipment and at taxpayers ' expense is a very bad idea should they wish to progress under my command . "
A failure by some scientists to be candid on the uncertainty of predicting the rate of climate change is to blame for fuelling scepticism about such predictions , according the ­government 's chief scientific adviser .
John Beddington 's comments come in the wake of an admission by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) that a claim in its 2007 report that Himalayan glaciers could melt away by 2035 was unfounded .
The admission has been used as ammunition by climate change sceptics , who say the public is being misled .
Beddington said scientists should give a caveat to their predictions where there was uncertainty , and release source data " wherever possible " – but added that uncertainty was no excuse for inaction .
" I do n't think it 's healthy to dismiss proper scepticism , " he tells the Times newspaper today .
" Science grows and improves in the light of criticism .
There is a fundamental uncertainty about climate change prediction that can't be changed . "
He said the false claim in the IPCC 's report was symptomatic of a wider problem with the way evidence was presented in the field of climate science .
" Certain unqualified statements have been unfortunate , " he said .
" We have a problem in communicating uncertainty .
There 's definitely an issue there .
If there was n't , there would n't be the level of scepticism .
All of these predictions have to be caveated by saying , ' There 's a level of uncertainty about that ' . "
He explained that large - scale climate modelling using computers meant " quite substantial uncertainties " which needed to be communicated .
While it was unchallengeable that burning fossil fuels released CO 2 that warms the Earth , " where you can get challenges is on the speed of change " .
He acknowledged that where source data was released there was a danger it could be manipulated , " but the benefits from being open far outweigh that danger " .
The head of the University of East Anglia 's climatic research unit , Professor Phil Jones , stepped down last year while an investigation was conducted into emails leaked from the unit and seized upon by climate change deniers as alleged evidence that scientists had been hiding and manipulating data to support the view that the world is warming up .
Shortly after the row , the Met Office released data which showed a rise in the global temperature .
Beddington said the fact that scientists were not 100 % certain about every aspect of climate science did not make ignoring the phenomenon a risk worth running .
The IPCC and its head , Rajendra Pachauri , have also come under fire for another claim in its 2007 report – that the cost of natural disasters had risen gradually since 1970 due to climate change .
But the IPCC released a statement yesterday saying that the Sunday Times report which carried the allegation was incorrect , insisting that the IPCC had provided a " balanced treatment of a complicated and important issue " .
While the IPCC admitted that it was wrong about the Himalayan glaciers , scientists maintain that glaciers are melting at historically high rates .
An international team of astronomers has accurately measured the distance from Earth to a black hole for the first time .
Without needing to rely on mathematical models the astronomers came up with a distance of 7800 light years , much closer than had been assumed until now .
The researchers achieved this breakthrough by measuring the radio emissions from the black hole and its associated dying star .
Due to the much lower error margin ( < 6 % ) , astronomers can now gain a better picture of how black holes evolve .
Moreover , an exact distance is important for measurements of the black hole´s spin .
Astronomical distances are most easily measured using the so - called trigonometric parallax , in which astronomers make use of the annual shift in the star 's position as a consequence of the Earth 's orbit around the sun ( parallax shift ) .
Peter Jonker from SRON Netherlands Institute for Space Research and his colleagues have now applied this method for the first time to a relatively near black hole and its associated star , V404 Cygni , in the Cygnus constellation .
The outermost layers of the star are being drawn into the black hole .
This gas first of all accumulates in a plasma disc around the black hole before it disappears into it , a process during which a lot of X - rays and radio waves are emitted .
Jonker and his colleagues could accurately measure the parallax shift of this binary system using a combination of telescopes spread throughout the world , the High Sensitivity Array .
Using this approach the astronomers could establish that the black hole of V404 Cygni is 7800 light years from Earth , slightly more than half the distance that was previously assumed .
The researchers believe that the previous overestimation of this distance was due to an underestimation of the absorption and diffraction of interstellar dust that can give an error margin of about 50 percent .
The error margin of the new measurement is less than 6 percent .
Supernova
From their measurements the researchers could work out that the black hole developed from a supernova explosion , and that it moves through space at a rate of about 40 km per second .
The binary - star system acquired this velocity during the explosion .
Jonker comments : " With this information we have gained a better idea about how back holes evolve .
For example , we hope to be able to answer the question as to whether there is a difference between black holes that evolve directly from the collapse of a star without a supernova and black holes that evolve via a supernova and a temporary intermediate star , a proto - neutron star .
We expect that the black holes in the last group can get a kick .
Black holes formed in this way could then move through space faster . "
Interestingly , V404 Cygni belongs to this second group but has not received a ' big kick . '
Fellow researcher James Miller - Jones adds : " We are now trying to apply the same measurement method to several other black holes . "
SINGAPORE ( Reuters Life ! ) -
The finest ingredients and top chefs are key components to the best dining experiences , but it can be the added extras that make meals or venues memorable .
France 's caviar in Bordeaux , December 12 , 2005 .
REUTERS / Regis Duvignau
Forbes.com has compiled a list of 11 of the world 's most extravagant meals ( here ) .
Reuters has not endorsed this list :
1. Daniel Boulud ’s Caviar - New York City
At $ 205 , Daniel ’s tasting menu is a relative bargain compared to other high - end Manhattan eateries but care for some Champagne and caviar in the lounge before dinner ?
Fifty grams of Boulud ’s private - label Caspian Sea Golden Ossetra caviar goes for $ 860 .
2. The French Laundry - Napa Valley
Even the wiliest concierges have trouble scoring reservations at Chef Thomas Keller ’s The French Laundry .
Each day Keller and his staff create two nine - course $ 240 menus - a chef ’s “ tasting ” menu and a “ vegetable ” menu - promising not to repeat a single ingredient on either menu .
3. $ 1,000 Sultan ’s Golden Cake - Istanbul Upon request the pastry chef at hotel the Ciragan Palace Kempinski will prepare a “ golden cake ” that has been flavored with fruits marinated for years in Jamaican rum , vanilla beans from French Polynesia and French wheat .
But what makes this the ultimate bakery bling is the dusting of 24 - karat edible gold .
4. White Truffle Dinner at Les Amis - Singapore
For special clients , Les Amis , the elegant French restaurant in Singapore , can arrange a top - to - bottom white truffle menu that starts at $ 800 per person , not including wine .
5. $ 5,000 Fleur Burger - Las Vegas
Created by Fleur de Lys chef Hubert Keller , the man behind Burger Bar in the Mandalay Bay hotel , this burger contains kobe beef , truffles and foie gras .
The real cost comes with the concoction ’s accompaniment -- a bottle of 1995 Chateau Petrus from Bordeaux .
6. Nino ’s Bellissima Pizza - New York
There ’s nothing special about the sauce or the crust .
This pizza earns its $ 1,000 price tag with its toppings .
Nino ’s in New York loads down this pie with caviar and fresh Maine lobster .
There ’s also some salmon roe and a little wasabi .
7. Dinner In The Sky “ People were getting bored with just going to the same old restaurants , ” says David Ghysels , the Belgian entrepreneur who created this movable restaurant suspended by a crane .
If you ’ve got the cash , Ghysels will bring his portable dining room anywhere he ’s got clearance .
Bringing a star chef and his suspended restaurant to a U.S. locale could cost between $ 50,000 and $ 100,000 .
8. Picnic on Macaroni Beach , Mustique Island Barbecued chicken , mango and avocado salad , couscous with vegetables and rum punch sounds like standard picnic fare .
Unless , of course , your picnic is on Macaroni Beach , on the exclusive Mustique island in the West Indies .
The private island is open only to guests who own or rent some of its stunning villas , all of which come with their own kitchen staff .
9. Chef ’s Table at L’Espadon - Paris
This restaurant , complete with a climbing lilac tree in the middle of the opulent dining room , serves up dishes like roast rib of milk - fed veal in a hay - infused stock and filet de boeuf Rossini with “ cappuccino - style ” mashed potatoes ( with truffles and cocoa ) .
Occasionally , Executive Chef Michel Roth invites guests to dine at the chef ’s table , offering a ringside seat to the choreography of the Ritz ’s mythical kitchens .
10 . Private Dinner at Chef Louis Pous
For diners who are n’t into traveling , Little Palm Island resort chef Louis Pous has started making house calls .
For $ 10,000 ( for up to 10 people ) plus travel costs , the chef and his staff of two will fly anywhere in the United States to prepare a private meal .
The package , which must be reserved 30 days in advance , does not include wines , china or stemware .
11 . Dinner at Three on the Bund - Shanghai
This small domed dining room capping Three on the Bund , Shanghai ’s upmarket shopping and dining complex , is so intimate it can only squeeze in two diners and a butler .
While taking in the panoramic views of Shanghai , you can feast on food from any of the restaurants in the complex including Jean - Georges Vongerichten ’s Jean Georges , Laris or Whampoa Club , for about $ 500 for two .
Mirror testing at NASA breaks superstitious myths
Related images
( click to enlarge )
In ancient mythological times reflective surfaces like shiny metals and mirrors were thought to be magical and credited with the ability to look into the future .
NASA is using mirrors to do just the opposite – look into the past .
Fast forward a couple of centuries from ancient time and myths to find NASA is developing a primary mirror , 21.3 feet in diameter , for use on the James Webb Space Telescope in a very different way -- to tell us about our beginning in the universe and how the first galaxies formed .
The primary mirror will serve as the telescope 's eye and peer through dusty clouds to see stars forming planetary systems , connecting the Milky Way to our own Solar System .
Handling delicate space hardware holds no superstitious myths for NASA , but it 's still a delicate task that requires careful preparation .
On Friday , Jan. 8 , six of the 18 Webb telescope mirror segments will be moved into the X-ray and Cryogenic Facility , or XRCF , at NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Ala. , to eventually experience temperatures dipping to a chilling - 414 degrees Fahrenheit to ensure they can withstand the extreme space environments .
When the primary mirror is assembled in space , it will include three different shapes of mirror segments : 6 are " A " segments , 6 are " B " segments and 6 are " C " segments .
This upcoming test in the XRCF will collect data from all three sizes – " A , B and C " -- a first for these in the cryogenic facility .
This test will also include the engineering development unit , the first primary mirror segment of the Webb telescope that has met flight specifications at ambient temperatures .
" By the time testing in the XRCF concludes in 2011 , all 18 flight segments will have been through multiple measurements while experiencing the extreme temperatures of space , " said Helen J. Cole , James Webb Space Telescope Activities Project Manager at NASA Marshall .
" This process has been six years in the making and we 're excited that we can support the Webb telescope development with our world class cryogenic test facility . "
Marshall 's X - ray & Cryogenic Facility is the world 's largest X - ray telescope test facility and a unique , cryogenic , clean room optical test location .
The test chamber takes approximately five days to cool a mirror segment to cryogenic temperatures .
As this cooling takes place , engineers will measure in extreme detail how the shapes of the mirrors change , simulating how they 'll react to space temperatures .
" This is a tremendously important milestone to the Webb Telescope project that bodes well for both our future mirror manufacturing schedule and for the potential performance capabilities of the telescope , " said Lee Feinberg , James Webb Space Telescope Optical Telescope Element Manager at NASA Goddard .
Northrop Grumman Corporation is leading the design and development effort for the space agency 's Goddard Space Flight Center , Greenbelt , Md. Mirror manufacturing began six years ago , led by Northrop Grumman 's principal optical contractor Ball Aerospace .
Brush Wellman in Elmore , Ohio made twenty - one 500 - lb. hexagonal mirror blanks from beryllium , an extremely strong , lightweight metal .
Axsys Technologies in Cullman , Ala . machined the backside of the beryllium blanks and chemically etched them into an isogrid pattern that reduced mirror mass by 92 percent , from 250 kg to 21 kg ( equivalent to 553 pounds and 46 pounds ) .
The front side of the mirror blank was machined to prep the optical surface for high precision grinding , polishing and testing , which is being done by Tinsley .
The mirror segments have undergone a series of polishing and cryogenic testing cycles .
Ball incorporates the mirrors into optical assemblies , which are mounted on the telescope structure .
In June 2014 , Google announced a new design language – Material Design .
Since then , Google has been giving all its products a design makeover .
Google Chrome is all set to join the bandwagon .
According to the grapevine ( Chromium dev boards ) , Chrome 's upcoming version 50 would have the new Material Design look .
Material Design principles are based on the simplicity and minimalism of flat design .
Chrome with material design now looks visually less complex , with a healthy serving of margin and whitespace and its fabled card - based design .
Google offers the following introduction to Material Design : " Design is the art of considered creation .
Our goal is to satisfy the diverse spectrum of human needs .
As those needs evolve , so too must our designs , practices , and philosophies .
We challenged ourselves to create a visual language for our users that synthesises the classic principles of good design with the innovation and possibility of technology and science .
This is Material Design . "
The curious and impatient may preview the changes ( not available on OS X though ) .
It will require you to change some of the flags in the chrome settings , so please exercise some caution .
Address and bookmark bar
Go to chrome :// flags and look for ' Enable Material Design in the browser 's top chrome ' .
Change the drop - down to Material and relaunch your browser .
Downloads
Go to chrome :// flags and look for ' Enable Material Design downloads ' .
Change the drop - down to Enabled and relaunch your browser .
Settings
Go to chrome :// md-settings .
Other changes
You may further want to check out other Material Design options in chrome :// flags such as ' Material UI for PDF ' , ' Material Design policy page ' etc .
Not - so - significant changes include the tabs ' corners which have been squared off as opposed to being slightly rounded .
The hamburger menu has been replaced with the ubiquitous three - dots menu in the top - right corner of the browser .
Other things to be redesigned soon are the extensions page , the black - themed incognito page and the new Chrome OS media player .
It should not be long before we see these rolled out .
The popularity of pot clubs in the Bay Area has led to a burgeoning crop of medical marijuana millionaires .
Call them the ganja riche .
Like many of their nouveaux predecessors , they are trying to figure out what to do with their cash .
Some are giving to charity , but you will not see any fanfare or buildings named in their honor .
Medicinal marijuana remains a legal gray area , and nothing — even philanthropy — is simple when it comes to the proceeds .
Oakland ’s medical marijuana headquarters , Oaksterdam University , could not even sponsor a local food bank .
“ They refused our sponsorship because of other money they get from the federal government , ” said Richard Lee , founder of Oaksterdam .
While marijuana money and munchies might sound like the perfect fit , the food bank worried that such a partnership would have put the federal dollars it receives in jeopardy .
“ We appreciated the offer from Oaksterdam and gave it due consideration , ” said Brian Higgins , the food bank ’s spokesman .
“ In the end , it was not worth the risk . ”
The sense of legal uncertainty is created by the maze of laws surrounding medical marijuana .
California voters approved it , but it remains a federal crime .
Eric H. Holder Jr. , the attorney general , has ended the Bush administration ’s frequent raids on medical marijuana distributors , but dispensary operators know political winds can change .
They avoid creating paper trails that might come back to haunt them .
This has led to a delicate dance with financial matters , like filing taxes .
Marijuana clubs and dispensaries have employees who receive W - 2 forms .
When it comes to filing tax forms identifying their business , it looks better if a shop is linked to a cafe or some other benign operation .
Dennis Peron , co-author of the Proposition 215 referendum that legalized medical marijuana , said that those in the business know their activities are being monitored .
“ Giving away money to deserving people is n’t money laundering , ” Mr. Peron said .
But if the political pendulum in Washington swings to the right , a new Justice Department might not see it that way .
Neither Mr. Lee nor Mr. Peron claims to be a millionaire .
But according to insiders who asked not to be identified for fear of being singled out by the authorities , medical marijuana can be a remarkably lucrative business , especially in the San Francisco region , where zoning laws severely restrict the number of marijuana clubs .
There are an estimated 1,000 in Los Angeles — more dispensaries than public schools , in fact — but only about 50 in the Bay Area .
Less competition means that medicinal marijuana is , for some , an especially enriching shade of green .
Those profiting from marijuana found a friend in Tim Patriarca , executive director of Maitri in San Francisco , the last hospice in California that cares solely for people dying from AIDS .
Mr. Patriarca is a true believer in the power of cannabis , seeing first hand the comfort it gives to the terminally ill in their final days .
He has also seen how those donating marijuana to the hospice for compassionate care were suddenly becoming rich .
“ It ’s new wealth , quick wealth , and a great deal of it , ” he said .
“ They were making money with no tradition of giving . ”
Many of the newly minted marijuana millionaires , he said , came from hardscrabble lives , with little understanding of philanthropy .
So he did The Ask .
The ganja riche gave , and the idea grew .
It started small with $ 100 here and there .
Then donations increased to $ 1,000 and $ 5,000 .
Now some clubs give as much as $ 20,000 in a year .
The money is helping to offset the loss of more than $ 60,000 in state aid that Maitri received until it was eliminated during budget cuts last June .
Mr. Patriarca sees a perfect circle in operation .
After all , this marijuana is supposed to be for treating illness , and now some of those profits end up directly helping the sick .
But the decision to accept the clubs ’ donations was not made casually .
“ I knew it could be touchy , ” Mr. Patriarca said .
“ I had to go to my board and ask , ‘ Do we take this money ? ’ ”
Now there is a push to put a referendum to legalize marijuana on the state ballot in 2010 . .
Even if that happens , however , federal laws are unlikely to change .
The legal status of the medical marijuana millionaires and their cash will remain as gray and transitory as a cloud from a bong wafting down Haight Street .
– Article from The New York Times .
This trailer for Jersey Shore : The Movie ( “ Not a pickle ! ” – EW.com ) will air on CBS ’
The Late Late Show With Craig Ferguson , which you ’ll want to watch tonight after trashin ’ it up with MTV ’s season finale of Jersey Shore .
But it would also be a good “ situation ” if you creeped on the trailer right here , right now .
Try to fit it in among your G , T , and L. Press play for Mila Kunis , Tom Lennon , Super Mario , and Nick Lachey in the role of a lifetime .
Das Oberlandesgericht ( OLG ) Frankfurt hat die Rechte von Nutzern elektronischer Leseplätze in Bibliotheken weiter eingeschränkt .
Im Berufungsverfahren des Stuttgarter Fachverlags Ulmer gegen die Universitäts - und Landesbibliothek Darmstadt ( ULB ) untersagten die Richter in einem am gestrigen Dienstag zugestellten Urteil ( AZ. : 11 U 40/09 ) die von der ersten Instanz noch zugelassene Möglichkeit des teilweisen Ausdrucks digitalisierter Werke .
Zuvor hatte das Landgericht Frankfurt in dem Fall bereits die Erstellung digitaler Kopien durch Bibliotheksnutzer sowie das Abspeichern etwa auf einem USB - Stick und das Mitnehmen nach Hause verboten .
Die an der TU Darmstadt angesiedelte Bücherei bedauert in einer Mitteilung , dass mit der Entscheidung das in Paragraph 53 Urheberrechtsgesetz ( UrhG ) grundsätzlich verankerte " Recht auf Privatkopien zum wissenschaftlichen Gebrauch " hier nicht greifen solle .
Grundsätzlich habe zwar auch das OLG die mit Paragraph 52 b UrhG geschaffene Möglichkeit für Bibliotheken bestätigt , unabhängig von einem etwaigen elektronischen Verlagsangebot ihre eigenen Bestände digitalisieren und für Forschung und private Studien zum Abruf vor Ort an elektronischen Leseplätzen bereithalten zu dürfen .
Die TU Darmstadt sieht mit dem durch den Ulmer - Verlag " auf Drängen des Börsenvereins des deutschen Buchhandels " durchgesetzten Beschränkungen eine sinnvolle Nutzung der von der ULB produzierten digitalen Medien aber nicht mehr als möglich .
Man werde das bisherige Angebot elektronischer Leseplätze daher vorläufig einstellen .
Aus Sicht der Bildungseinrichtung ist nun der Gesetzgeber gefordert , in den anstehenden Beratungen zum Dritten Korb der Novellierung des Urheberrechts für Klarheit zu sorgen .
Nötig sei eine zeitgemäße Neufassung der Bibliotheksprivilegien .
Wissenschaftliches Arbeiten mit Texten erfordere zwingend die Möglichkeit , " Kopien von Textteilen zu erstellen , um zuverlässig memorieren und zitieren zu können " .
Das OLG habe die Nutzer aber zum Abschreiben mit der Hand verdonnert , was in Zeiten elektronischer Medien und des Internet ein Anachronismus sei .
Der eigentliche Sinn der Gesetzesklausel für elektronische Leseplätze , " auch auf digitalem Weg wissenschaftliche Texte in moderner , im universitären Umfeld längst selbstverständlich gewordener Form verfügbar zu machen " , werde damit " auf den Kopf gestellt " .
Das Landgericht Frankfurt hatte im Frühjahr noch entschieden , dass " eine sinnvolle Arbeit mit längeren Texten regelmäßig die Möglichkeit " voraussetze , Vervielfältigungen " herzustellen und diese mitzunehmen " .
Dieses Zugeständnis beziehe sich aber allein auf analoge Papierkopien .
Der Deutsche Bibliotheksverband hatte daher schon damals Freigaben auch für digitale Vervielfältigungen durch die Nutzer gefordert und den Gesetzgeber zum Handeln aufgerufen .
In die Debatte um einen Dritten Korb der Urheberrechtsreform hat sich parallel auch das Aktionsbündnis " Urheberrecht für Bildung und Wissenschaft " im Rahmen seiner Jahrestagung Ende November in Berlin eingeschaltet .
Die neu gewählte Lenkungsgruppe und die Sprecher der Vereinigung appelli erten an die Bundesregierung und Bundestag , " die Schutzrechte im Urheberrecht nicht weiter zu verstärken " .
Vielmehr sei es nötig , " flexibler und liberaler den Nutzerbedürfnissen und dem Nutzen eines freizügigen Umgangs mit Wissen und Information " nicht zuletzt im Interesse auch der Wirtschaft Rechnung zu tragen .
Konkret monieren die Bündnispartner , dass Bibliotheken mit dem geltenden Recht " viel zu enge Fesseln angelegt " sei .
Hier gehe die Gesetzgebung " geradezu grotesk an den Nutzungsanforderungen und - gepflogenheiten im Umfeld des Internet vorbei " .
Zudem sieht die Interessensvertretung die Bedingungen für Bildung und Wissenschaft , unter denen in Forschung und Lehre urheberrechtsgeschütztes Material genutzt werden darf , viel zu eng und realitätsfern formuliert .
Auch den Forderungen der Urheber selber , dass sie ihre Rechte an ihren Werken besser und schneller gegenüber den verwertenden Verlagen behaupten können , sei bislang nur unzulänglich Rechnung getragen worden .
Generell müsse es darum gehen , wie auch über das Urheberrecht erreicht werden kann , " dass das in öffentlichen Umgebungen und mit Steuermitteln unterstützt produzierte Wissen allen Bürgern ohne große Zeitverzögerung frei zur Nutzung zur Verfügung stehen kann " .
( jk )
Is an LHC doomsday scenario a groundless fear or a legitimate concern ?
Image credit : CERN .
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Just bringing up the topic of the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) creating a black hole that destroys the Earth might seem unscientific and out of place on a science news website .
After all , the subject is generally considered to be out of place in the particle physics community , since peer - reviewed studies have shown that there is no significant risk of an LHC doomsday scenario .
But , right or wrong , many people continue to voice their concern about the LHC ’s potential to produce a worldwide catastrophe .
Some of these concerns clearly go overboard , stemmed by fear and ignorance .
In the midst of this extremism , is it possible for someone outside the physics community to analyze the LHC ’s risk of producing an Earth - swallowing black hole in a rational way ?
Eric E. Johnson , an assistant professor of law at the University of North Dakota , has undertaken this task from a legal point of view .
He has recently published a paper in the Tennessee Law Review in which he investigates how the courts might handle the LHC case and other future cases of largely unprecedented , potentially dangerous sci- fi - like experiments .
The 90 - page paper is highly readable for non-scientists , and is available at arxiv.org .
Johnson , who admits that he is “ unanxious ” about a doomsday scenario , has two reasons for writing the paper : first , to present a kind of case study for debate among lawyers ; and second , to prepare to solve such a legal case in real life .
“ I intend to provide a set of analytical and theoretical tools that are usable in the courts for dealing with this case and cases like it , ” Johnson writes .
“ If litigation over the LHC does not put a judge in the position of saving the world , another case soon might .
In a technological age of human - induced climate change , genetic engineering , nanotechnology , artificially intelligent machines , and other potential threats , the odds of the courts confronting a real doomsday scenario in the near future are decidedly non-trivial .
If the courts are going to be able to play their role in upholding the rule of law in such super - extreme environments , then the courts need analytical methods that will allow for making fair and principled decisions despite the challenges such cases present . ”
The Science
In his paper , Johnson begins with an overview of the background of the LHC , as well as the lab at which it ’s located , the European Organization for Nuclear Research ( CERN ) in Geneva , Switzerland .
This overview is followed by a short history of one of the LHC ’s predecessors , the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider ( RHIC ) at Brookhaven National Laboratory in Upton , New York , and then a brief explanation of alleged dangers such as strangelets , magnetic monopoles , bosenovae , and vacuum transitions .
Regarding the safety of these potential disaster scenarios , CERN ’s argument is the same for each of them : high - energy cosmic - ray collisions ( which are similar to those produced in particle colliders ) have been occurring in Earth ’s atmosphere throughout the planet ’s history - so anything dangerous that the LHC could create would already have been produced by cosmic rays long ago .
The fact that the Earth still exists is living evidence of the safety of these scenarios .
The question of the black hole risk came up recently in 1999 , inspiring particle physicists at the RHIC to analyze the possibility .
They found that the forces created by modern accelerators were insufficient to create a black hole - at least in a four - dimensional world .
Shortly after , physicists found that black holes could be produced if there were extra dimensions , a possibility in some theories .
In light of these findings , CERN physicists reexamined the safety issue and found that the LHC would likely produce black holes , but that they would rapidly evaporate due to Hawking radiation .
While very few particle physicists have challenged the orthodoxy of Hawking radiation , the theory does have a few outside critics .
Johnson highlights a few of these critics , including chaos theoretician Otto Rossler , who calculated that “ LHC - produced black holes might grow fast enough that the world might end slightly more than five years after the LHC ’s first full - energy collisions . ”
Although CERN physicists did n’t respond directly to Rossler ’s shocking argument , media and citizen inquiries regarding the LHC ’s safety prompted CERN to set up the LHC Safety Assessment Group ( LSAG ) .
In a paper written in 2008 , Mangano ( a CERN employee ) and Giddings ( who accepted a future visiting position at CERN ) turned to the cosmic ray argument rather than the Hawking radiation argument , which was becoming less persuasive .
However , they found that black holes produced by cosmic rays could potentially slip through the Earth , which is made mostly of empty space , while black holes produced by the LHC could remain in the vicinity for a long time , slowly gaining mass .
Looking deeper into the universe , the physicists found that a kind of white dwarf star , eight of which have been observed , could likely hold black holes for a long time , and so their continued existence must serve as living evidence that the LHC is safe .
Although Giddings and Mangano concluded that there is no risk of “ any significance ” from black holes produced by the LHC , Johnson notes that CERN ’s Scientific Policy Committee ( SPC ) took an extra step , announcing to the public that the results excluded “ any possibility ” of risk .
When the Giddings and Mangano paper was posted publicly in 2008 , astrophysicist Rainer Plaga wrote an unpublished paper arguing that Giddings and Mangano ’s paper did not exclude all possibilities of disaster .
In one argument , Plaga showed that , if black holes were smaller than the CERN physicists calculated , they could conceivably sail through white dwarfs as well as the Earth , showing that the white dwarf argument is n’t conclusive .
Johnson said that , while researching the subject , he was surprised at the legitimate science controversy surrounding the crazy - sounding idea of black holes destroying the Earth .
“ Many of the physicists quoted in the media on LHC safety issues seem not to have engaged with the literature in any depth , ” Johnson told PhysOrg.com .
“ Physicists speaking to the public about the black - holes question portray it as a simple matter .
It really is not .
At the end of the day , the LHC may or may not be safe , but most of the arguments you hear in favor of the collider lack robustness . ”
The Law
Complex disagreements such as these lead to great challenges when it comes to analyzing the risks of science experiments in a court of law .
First of all , the only people who have the qualifications to understand the physics are the physicists themselves , which creates an obvious conflict of interest .
The problem of insider testimony is just one of the unique problems in this kind of unprecedented case , which Johnson describes as a “ jurisprudential singularity . ”
He explains that the legal problems posed by black holes mirror the problems they create for physics .
“ Physicists relate that in the vicinity of a gravitational singularity , equations break down , and the known laws of physics seem to fail , ” he writes .
“ With reference to American law , I discuss three lines of legal doctrine that suffer similarly : preliminary - injunction analysis , expert - testimony gatekeeping , and cost - benefit analysis .
Developed for a world of automobile accidents , toxic waste , and teratogenic pharmaceuticals , these doctrines all start to break down when confronted with the extreme facts of the black - hole case . ”
In order to stop the LHC from operating , a plaintiff would likely seek a preliminary injunction against CERN .
As Johnson explains , “ under American law , a preliminary injunction is a way for a court to order an immediate halt to a specified activity , without the necessity of going through a full course of discovery and trial . ”
Preliminary injunction requests are used , for example , to stop impending plans to demolish buildings of historical significance and as restraining orders in domestic violence cases .
After a preliminary injunction has been issued , the lawsuit would continue with a more comprehensive trial .
Eventually , the defendant would either receive a permanent injunction , or the suit would be dismissed and the preliminary injunction removed .
Already , several suits to stop the LHC have been initiated by “ a colorful assortment of plaintiffs , ” but none has been successful , for various reasons .
For example , in a Hawaii lawsuit , the issue was considered one of political policy .
Also , CERN has signed treaties with its host states , Switzerland and France , that guarantee CERN immunity from legal processes .
As Johnson explains , it would not be difficult to get a preliminary injunction if CERN overtly threatened an illegal action , which of course it has not .
On the other hand , getting an injunction against a perceived future risk is rare , aside from specific situations , such as domestic violence .
A plaintiff would have to show that the defendant , CERN , has been negligent and not done what a reasonable entity would do to protect others from foreseeable risks .
Such cases are rare because usually there are laws that explicitly prohibit negligence of various sorts ( such as traffic laws to prevent accidents ) .
In the arena of cutting - edge science research , there are no specific laws that CERN has broken because of the uncharted territory .
In addition , by performing a cost - benefit analysis using the Hand formula , Johnson shows that the risk of the LHC destroying the world can be calculated to be either infinite or nothing simply by tweaking the inputs just a tiny bit - just like the singularity of a black hole , to further his analogy .
This lack of certainty in risk analysis contributes to the difficulty of getting an injunction .
A Judge ’s Challenge
When deciding whether or not to issue an injunction against CERN , Johnson suggests that a judge should perform a meta - analysis of the case , going beyond the current scientific analysis to look at four issues : errors in the scientific theory on which the safety analysis is based , errors in the calculations or assumptions in the safety analysis itself , cognitive biases such as psychological and cultural biases , and non-innocent errors motivated by self - interest .
In the last 20 pages of his paper , Johnson provides several examples of these four issues .
For instance , he points out how scientists tend to exercise caution when presenting their research and readily admit to its limitations , yet on the issue of LHC safety , CERN seems to show a sense of absolute confidence .
Even a relatively small observational error of the eight white dwarfs could undermine the safety argument , Johnson notes , since these eight objects are all that the ultimate conclusion rests upon .
Such errors would not be unprecedented in science , as even scientists are subject to human fallibility .
Johnson points out that , in 2003 , it was found that the two papers written to address safety concerns about a potential strangelet disaster at the RHIC both contained conceptual math errors that affected their conclusions .
“ Giddings and Mangano conclude that there is no conceivable risk , ” Johnson writes .
“ But it does not follow that LHC risk is zero :
An accurate assessment of risk must include the possibility that Giddings and Mangano themselves are mistaken . ”
Finally , Johnson suggests that the courts should look at the psychological and sociological issues that contribute to the vulnerability of the scientific process .
Stopping the LHC now would destroy the investment of billions of dollars and many physicists ’ careers .
In this sense , an individual physicist is better off concentrating on the science research than getting involved in safety and legal issues .
The CERN culture , which consists of thousands of physicists from around the world working together , is a great international collaboration that has pushed science forward .
Yet , as Johnson notes , such a group culture also has the tendency to push dissenters to the fringe , and perhaps artificially inflate the certainty of unanimously enforced views .
These sociological factors are difficult to acknowledge , since they are at odds with the field of science itself , which attempts to be as objective as possible .
Nevertheless , from a judge ’s point of view , all humans are subject to the same human law .
Scientists have a responsibility to the rest of the world to ensure that their experiments are safe .
While scientists are not above the law , the case of the LHC is obviously a unique situation that deserves special treatment - especially since it may be setting a precedent for future cases as scientists continue to make extraordinary advancements .
Without offending the profession , the question is fair to ask : what is the best way to continue to make scientific discoveries without risking human life ?
Is it possible to agree on an accepted level of risk ?
Or , as Johnson puts it , “ Can human law survive in a realm ‘ where physical law ends ’ ? ”
He argues that the courts have the power to perform an in - depth analysis - involving a thorough review of the evidence and gathering testimony from scientists with no personal stake in the LHC - that could provide answers to these questions .
“ At the end of the day , whether the LHC represents an intolerable danger is , in my view , an open question , ” Johnson concludes .
“ I have not endeavored to provide a definitive answer .
But I think the courts should .
…
Courts must develop tools to deal meaningfully with such complexity .
Otherwise , the wildly expanding sphere of human knowledge will overwhelm the institution of the courts and undo the rule of law - just when we need it most . ”
Explore further Stephen Hawking tours the future of particle physics at CERN
More information : Eric E. Johnson .
“ The Black Hole Case : The Injunction Against the End of the World . ” 76 Tennessee Law Review 819 ( 2009 ) .
Also available at Eric E. Johnson .
“ The Black Hole Case : The Injunction Against the End of the World . ” 76819 ( 2009 ) .
Also available at arxiv.org/ ftp/arxiv/papers/0912/0912.5480.pdf
Copyright 2010 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Here are a couple of interesting Emails from a senior vice president at a California bank about how your stimulus dollars are being wasted .
A California Business Banker " CBB " writes :
Hi Mish
I enjoyed your article “ Measuring the effect of stimulus :
If you do n’t like the results , change the yardstick ”
As a commercial banker , I have a client who specializes in asphalt work , and most of his clients are cities , counties , and Cal Trans for road resurfacing work .
He is benefiting significantly from all the stimulus money , as his gross revenues are up 40 - 45 % .
He has not hired one additional employee nor purchased additional equipment , so the real beneficiary is the owner of the business who I ’ll keep anonymous .
Further more , when he and I discuss the stimulus money he laughs .
He says , “ The politicians love to throw the money into asphalt work because it ’s quick and visual to the voter , and it makes them feel like something being down .
A California Business Banker
Hey Mish
I was talking with a business owner , client of mine .
They are a contractor headquartered in ******.
We had an interesting chat about the work he does work for the city of *****.
He currently has a new job with the city and has to hire some temporary employees to essential clean for this job .
He said , “ normally that type of job would normally pay $ 12 - 15 per hour , but since it ’s a prevailing wage job , he ’s forced to pay that same individual $ 40 / hr under prevailing wage laws ” .
I find it wildly interesting in this environment where municipalities are broke yet force a business owner to pay 2.5 to 3 times the normal wage and thereby increasing the overall bill from this contractor to the city for the work performed .
It ’s a direct taxpayer subsidy of someone else ’s pay .
It gets even better .
The same business owner just found out , that he ’s in an enterprise zone , and if hires employees from within the local area of **** , he gets a credit , and essentially , the city ends up paying him back for 50 % of that salary .
This is what happens when politicians and union leaders are left to make up the rules of the game .
Regards
" CBB "
If you can only carry one tool for personal defense / burglary , make it the Ka - Bar Becker TacTool ( $ 140 ) .
The result of a collaboration between John Benner of the Tactical Defense Institute and Ethan Becker of Becker Knife and Tool , the TacTool offers a 7.75 - inch blade , and works for prying open doors or windows , cutting , bashing out windows , lifting nails and hinge pins , and more .
Are you a multi - tasker but failed to deliver ?
Are you a student or professional vying for the best shot but somewhere you forgot your lines or what you have studied ?
Or are you simply an individual who tends to forget other stuff when the going gets tough ?
Did you ever find yourself lost for words in front of your clients or audience ?
Did you ever wonder why after …
[ Read more ...] about NooCube Review : Enhance Your Cognitive Function With This Nootropic Supplement
Fast - food menus are among the most rigorously tested products of our consumer culture .
Because the decision of what to order for lunch is n't that important in the grand scheme of things , we do n't spend much time or thought on it .
Instead , we rely on subtle cues in .
Say your friend mentioned having a barbecue sandwich yesterday .
The odds are , you 're more likely to try a McRib sandwich today ( assuming you like barbecue , and the friend ) .
Memories are short , so the most powerful source of cues is the menu .
Chains know that and spend a lot of effort on their menus .
In many cases , menus and prices are intended to nudge consumers into ordering more than they might have otherwise .
• The Starbucks menu uses the " rule of three . "
The menu offers three sizes of coffees , given the enigmatic names of Tall , Grande , and Venti .
( They 're 12 , 16 , and 20 ounces respectively ; 24 ounces for cold Venti drinks , to allow for ice . )
Since Starbucks newbies wo n't know what they 're getting , they tend to order the middle choice , Grande .
In the psychology literature , this is known as " extremeness aversion " — people instinctively favor a middle choice , figuring it 's safer .
Guess what ?
You 've just ordered two cups of expensive coffee .
The Grande 's sixteen ounces is two regular cups .
Here 's a secret : Manys Starbucks will serve you eight ounces of coffee , but you have to ask for a " Short " coffee ( which is n't listed on the menu ) .
You do have to remember that password " Short , " though : Company policy says that a customer who asks for a " small " coffee is to be given a " Tall " one .
• Anyone who doubts the power of prices ending in 9 should check out a fast - food menu .
The menu above , at a Los Angeles Pollo Loco outlet , has 75 prices , and all but one end in the digit " 9 . "
• The exception : a deal offering 10 buffalo wings for $ 5 .
Quick :
How much is that per wing ?
It takes most of us a moment to do the math .
And that 's the point : not many people bother , not with kids screaming in the back seat .
But " 10 wings for $ 5 " sounds like a better deal than " 50 cents a wing . "
• The most common trick of fast - food menus is the " combo meal . "
As everyone understands , the combo meal offers an incentive to order something extra .
The burger plus fries plus soda combination costs just pennies more than burger plus soda à la carte .
You might as well get the fries — you 're practically throwing away money if you do n't order them .
For most consumers , this train of thought is irresistible .
There 's another reason fast - food places offer combo meals .
They foster confusion .
It 's hard to be sure how much the burger costs , and how much the drink costs , and whether it 's too much .
So consumers are a bit less price - sensitive with combos .
Of course , eventually repeat customers become familiar with the prices of their favorite combos .
For this reason , fast - food menus are an ever - changing caloric kaleidoscope .
New entrees are offered , and old ones change or vanish .
Combos can be super - sized .
Do you want curly fries ?
You can't buy exactly the same thing you did last time ( neither can you compare prices , exactly ) .
• Critics have blasted the nutritional value of fast food , causing both the industry and government to take action .
Since 2008 New York City has required fast - food places to post calories — in large fonts — on menus .
This may or may not have promoted healthier eating .
It probably has n't hurt chain profits , though .
The reason is that consumers now have two sets of numbers to juggle : calories and dollars .
As many experiments have shown , the human mind has a finite capacity to deal with numerical information .
By encouraging diners to pay more to calories , the new menus prompt them to pay less attention to prices .
That gives chains scope to charge a little more .
( Not only that , the salads are among the most expensive things on the McDonald 's menu , anyway . )
SEE ALSO
Poundstone , William .
" Menu Mind Games . "
New York , December 14 , 2009 .
Poundstone , William .
" Menu Psych . " YouTube , 2009 .
Joe Scarborough ( left ) called fellow MSNBC host Keith Olbermann 's comments ' rhetorical extremism . ' | Composite image by POLITICO Scarborough : Olbermann ' reckless '
Joe Scarborough is going after a fellow MSNBC host , calling out " Countdown " host Keith Olbermann for saying Scott Brown — the Republican Senate nominee in Massachusetts — is “ homophobic ” and a “ racist . ”
Speaking during his “ special comment ” Monday night , Olbermann folded nearly all of the negative attacks Democrats have tried to pin to Brown in recent days into one scathing rant .
Advertisement
“ You have heard Scott Brown speculating , talking out of his bare bottom , about whether or not the president of the United States was born out of wedlock , ” Olbermann said of the Republican who is leading in the polls against Democrat Martha Coakley in the race to replace the late Sen .
Ted Kennedy ( D - Mass . ) .
“ You have heard Scott Brown respond to the shout from a supporter that they should stick a curling iron into Ms. Coakley 's rectum with the answer , ‘ We can do this . ’”
“ You may not have heard Scott Brown support a constitutional amendment banning same - sex marriage , or describing two women having a child as being quote , ‘ just not normal , ' ” he continued .
“ You may not have heard Scott Brown associating himself with the tea party movement , perhaps the saddest collection of people who do n't want to admit why they really hate since the racists of the South in the ' 60s insisted they were really just concerned about states ' rights . ”
Summing up his case against Brown , Olbermann concluded , “ in Scott Brown we have an irresponsible , homophobic , racist , reactionary , ex-nude - model , tea - bagging supporter of violence against woman and against politicians with whom he disagrees . ”
Soon after the broadcast , Scarborough , the host of “ Morning Joe , ” responded on Twitter , calling Olbermann ’s attack “ sad . ”
“ It is no longer enough to simply disagree with someone .
These days some feel the need to call opponents evil .
It happens on both extremes , ” Scarborough tweeted .
“ Just as when [ Glenn ]
Beck called the President racist , this sort of rhetorical extremism must be discouraged .
It cheapens the debate . ”
“ How reckless and how sad , ” he added .
“ I called out Beck repeatedly this summer .
I called out [ Rush ] Limbaugh last week .
I call out both sides all the time . ”
I use sort - lines fairly frequently to keep my #includes , uses or variable names in order .
Occasionally though , I need to sort something slightly more complicated and I end up writing a little perl script .
I found myself thinking it must be equally easy in emacs .
For example , I say I have the following data which I want to sort by the second field which is in position 12 and 13 .
Edward Wood 9
01/07/2005 Ed Smith 25 06/12/2004 James Brown 18 01/07/2005 Jon James 13 05/15/2007
Now , emacs does have a sort - columns function which does all sorts of fancy things including checking if we are using Unix and shelling out to sort if possible , but it does n’t seem to be able to do a numerical comparison .
However , in sort.el it does have a general purpose sorting function called sort - subr .
( defun sort - subr ( reverse nextrecfun endrecfun &optional startkeyfun endkeyfun predicate )
sort - lines itself is a good start for my custom function as it has all the code for handling regions , reversal and skipping between records ( lines ) that we need .
( defun sort - lines ( reverse beg end ) ( interactive " P
r " ) ( save - excursion ( save - restriction ( narrow - to - region beg end ) ( goto - char ( point - min ) ) ( let ( ( inhibit- field - text - motion t ) ) ( sort - subr reverse ' forward - line ' end - of - line ) ) ) ) )
Getting the startkeyfun and endkeyfun correct was fairly straight forward but I was n’t entirely sure what information was passed to the predicate .
( defun sort - on - field ( reverse beg end ) ( interactive " P
r " ) ( save - excursion ( save - restriction ( narrow - to - region beg end ) ( goto - char ( point - min ) ) ( let ( ( inhibit- field - text - motion t ) ) ( sort - subr reverse ' forward - line 'end - of - line ( lambda ( ) ( forward - char 12 ) ) ( lambda ( ) ( forward - char 2 ) ) ( lambda ( a b ) ( message ( format " [ %s ] [ %s ] " a b ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) [ ( 703 . 705 ) ] [ ( 676 . 678 ) ] [ ( 757 . 759 ) ] [ ( 730 . 732 ) ] [ ( 757 . 759 ) ] [ ( 703 . 705 ) ] [ ( 730 . 732 ) ] [ ( 703 . 705 ) ]
The final working version :
( defun sort - on - field ( reverse beg end ) ( interactive " P
r " ) ( save - excursion ( save - restriction ( narrow - to - region beg end ) ( goto - char ( point - min ) ) ( let ( ( inhibit- field - text - motion t ) ) ( sort - subr reverse ' forward - line 'end - of - line ( lambda ( ) ( forward - char 12 ) ) ( lambda ( ) ( forward - char 2 ) ) ( lambda ( a b ) ( let ( ( s1 ( buffer - substring ( car a ) ( cdr a ) ) ) ( s2 ( buffer - substring ( car b ) ( cdr b ) ) ) ) (< ( string - to - number s1 ) ( string - to - number s 2 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
Providing a nice way of asking for the start and end location of the sorting field is left as an exercise for the reader .
The CEO would make his way to the board room through a processional in the company ’s hallways , flanked by clapping employees , shaking hands and giving thumbs up to the staff along the way .
The meeting would start with the CFO announcing the entrance of the CEO , and all board members standing and applauding .
The CEO would stand at the head of the table , with the CFO and CTO sitting in oversized chairs on a raised platform behind him .
All powerpoint slides and the projector would be replaced with a teleprompter .
When the CEO talked about cutting spending , lowering the burn and a hiring freeze , investors on both sides of the table would stand up and applause .
When the CEO talked about changing the healthcare plan to cover all employees and shareholders , the investors on the left side of the table would stand up and applaud while the other investors sit stoicly .
Thereafter , the CEO would have to remind all investors that their job is to represent the shareholders , not their own partisan interests .
Rather than talking during the meeting , the CTO and CFO would convey their opinion by smirking , giggling , and giving standing ovations as the CEO spoke .
Meanwhile , outside legal counsel , sitting in the first row facing the CEO , would never applaud and would be generally expressionless throughout .
At the appropriate time , the CEO would give a carefully calculated shout out to his wife who is sitting at the outer edge of the board room next to some carefully selected key partners and customers .
She waves at the mention of her name .
The CEO closes the meeting by saying God Bless this company .
Perhaps McCain was sneering at Obama because of the Beltway ’s newest unquestioned cliché : one year after a new president takes office he is required to stop blaming his predecessor for the calamities left behind .
Who dreamed up that canard  Alito ?
F.D.R. never followed it .
In an October 1936 speech , nearly four years after Hoover , Roosevelt was still railing against the “ hear - nothing , see - nothing , do - nothing government ” he had inherited .
He reminded unemployed and destitute radio listeners that there had been “ nine crazy years at the ticker ” and “ nine mad years of mirage ” followed by three long years of bread lines and despair .
F.D.R. soon won re-election in the greatest landslide the country had seen .
Obama should turn up the heat on both the G.O.P ’s record of fiscal recklessness and its mad - dog obstructionism .
He should stop paying lip service to the fantasy that his Congressional opposition has serious ideas to contribute to the cleanup .
Better still , he should publicize exactly what those “ ideas ” are .
Image Credit ...
Barry Blitt
Yes , the Republicans were correct to laugh at one of the president ’s own gimmicks on Wednesday night : a symbolic and pointless spending “ freeze . ”
But their own alternatives are downright hilarious .
When the G.O.P .
House leadership last year announced its plan to cut federal spending by $ 75 billion annually , it enumerated specific new cuts of only $ 5 billion per year .
A tax - cut - laden “ stimulus plan ” endorsed by Jim DeMint , the South Carolina senator and Tea Party hero , “ would cost more than $ 3 trillion  more than triple the cost of Obama ’s stimulus  over the next decade , ” in the estimate of Jonathan Chait of The New Republic .
On State of the Union day , the Republican National Committee gathered at its winter meeting at Waikiki Beach to battle over a measure that would deny campaign funds to candidates who did n’t pass a Tea Party ideological purity test .
Back in Washington , other party thinkers trotted out some more brilliant ideas .
Paul Ryan , a Wisconsin congressman hailed as the Republicans ’ new intellectual hope , laid out a lengthy “ G.O.P. Road Map for America ’s Future ” on The Wall Street Journal op - ed page that proposed cutting taxes ( disproportionately for the wealthy ) and privatizing Medicare and Social Security but devoted no bullet point to creating jobs for Americans in urgent need .
On the Hill that morning , Michele Bachmann of Minnesota led House colleagues in signing a “ Declaration of Health Care Independence ” to complement a bill that would let Americans “ purchase insurance with their own tax - free money . ”
Gee , why did no else think of that ingenious fix for a health care system that leaves 46.3 million uninsured and whose runaway costs are on track to eat up one - fifth of the American economy ?
It was a heartening breakthrough when Obama dismissed such idiocies repeatedly in his televised meeting with House Republicans on Friday .
He mocked G.O.P. legislative snake oil that promises to lower all medical costs and “ wo n’t cost anybody anything . ”
He must keep this up  and be equally tough on the slackers in his own party who stall his agenda .
And he must be less foggy on the specifics of what that agenda is .
Though on Wednesday night he asked Congress to “ take another look ” at the health care bill , even now it ’s unclear what he believes that bill ’s bedrock provisions should be .
He also said he would n’t sign any financial regulatory bill that “ does not meet the test of real reform , ” yet tentatively praised a House bill compromised by a banking lobby that is in bed with Democrats and Republicans alike .
The Senate , of course , has yet to produce any financial reform bill .
Americans like Obama far more than they like any Congressional leader .
They might even like more of his policies if he spelled them out .
But none of that matters if no Democrat fears him enough to do any of his bidding and no Republican believes there ’s any price to be paid for always saying no .
Extra deep single gang junction box ( approx 65 cents at hardware store )
Duplex 120V outlet ( Less than $ 1 at hardware store )
Single gang cover plate , matching color of outlet ( Less than $ 1 at hardware store )
2 6-32 screws to assemble outlet
4 contact terminal strip ( $ 1.10 at Halted )
2 8 -32 screws + nuts to attach terminal strip to junction box
Old 3 conductor power cable ( spare computer cables are perfect for this ) .
Relay with a 5V coil , and 250V contacts .
( $ 1.22 at Digikey )
1N4002 diode ( $ 0.26 at Digikey ) .
This is not a critical value ;
Feel free to use any value diode .
2N2222 NPN transistor ( $ 0.49 at Digikey ) .
Note that I used one from inventory , which happened to be in a TO - 18 case , instead of the more modern TO - 92 .
Do n't worry about it .
Even a 2N3904 would work .
1k resistor ( $ 0.064 at Digikey )
2 pieces heavy gauge ( at least AWG14 ) wire .
After building my glorified 2 outlet power strip for my switchless desk lamp , the natural next step is to build a switched outlet that can be electronically controlled .
I separated the two outlets electrically , and connected them to opposite poles of the relay , so one of them is normally open , and one of them is normally closed , and they reverse when the relay is energized .
NOTE : It is important for me to be exceedingly clear that this is primarily meant as a prototyping device .
The gang box is used as an enclosure , not because it 's meant to be installed in a wall , but because it 's the perfect sized enclosure .
Youdealing with mixed high and low voltages here , so implement at your own risk .
How it works is that it has a double - throw relay inside , which is controlled by the 5V logic connected to the terminal strip on the side of the junction box , and switches power between two separated outlets , so you can have either a positive output , or an inverted one , depending on what you 're doing with it .
The three terminals are power , ground , and control .
This is because the relay draws 65 mA , which is much more than TTL logic is designed to drive , so I used a transistor , which only draws 4 mA , to switch the higher current , which is sourced directly from the TTL power supply .
The diode is called a freewheel or flyback diode , and is used to suppress the voltage spikes caused by the inductive nature of magnetic relays .
Parts list :
First is preparing the outlet and junction box .
Normally , both plugs in an outlet are tied together , since they 're all on the same circuit .
I wanted one of the two outlets to be the inverse of the other , so this had to be fixed .
Outlets are designed so that you can just cut a tab between the two screws to electrically separate them .
We only need to cut the tab on the hot ( brass ) side , since they 're still going to share the same neutral .
For the junction box , drill two holes to attach the terminal strip .
I used a terminal strip because this is primarily meant for prototyping , so I want strain relief while still being able to easily connect and disconnect it .
And remove one of the plastic tabs on the bottom for the three TTL wires and the 120VAC power cable to come into the box .
You can punch it out with a screw driver , or your bare hands , if there is an attractive female watching .
Now fire up your soldering iron and start making some magic .
This was my first attempt at dead bug construction , where you glue the parts down upside down and solder them in the air .
Using hot - melt glue was probably a bad idea , and I probably should have covered the 5V stuff in something to protect it from the high voltage lines running on top of them ...
Food for thought ...
Cut off a few inches of insulation from the power cable , and wire up the outlet .
( Not that I would do something incredibly stupid like that ... honestly ... )
Once it 's all wired up , feed it all into the junction box , and screw together the outlet and face plate ( Of course , you tested it all before tightening down the screws , right ?
That 'd be pretty silly to close it all up , and then have it not work ... ) .
Wire up the terminal strip , and you 're done !
There is quite a few possible uses for this thing .
We 've come up with using it to automatically turn on appliances like a water heater right before your alarm , so that you can wake up to hot water for tea ; or flash the lights a few times before turning them on to wake you up in the morning ; or even using it to turn off a fan a few hours after you go to sleep during the summer so it does n't runnight .
As a pizza making fanatic , I love visiting well - regarded pizzerias to observe and sample their handiwork , learn some tips , and gather inspiration .
During my recent travels to New York City , I set out on a pilgrimage to eat at some of the top pizza on this side of the Atlantic .
My pizza safari focused primarily on Neapolitan pizza , a style that I absolutely fell in love with during a visit to Naples in 2003 .
A blazing hot wood fired oven cooks the pizza in 2 - 3 minutes ( sometimes faster ) , leaving a slightly charred edge and bottom , but springy and chewy in the middle of the crust .
For ease of comparison ( and personal preference ) , I stuck to the basic and classic “ marinara ” style : sauce , basil , garlic .
In seven days I visited six pizzerias .
There are many NY spots still on my list , including Di Fara , Luzzo , Lucali , Totonnos ( Coney Island , closed for renovation – I unknowingly tried to go there ) , Roberta ’s , Salvatore ’s ( Staten Island ) , among others .
The most surprising discovery on my trip is that while the wood - fired oven is a staple for good pizza , it is not the only fuel found .
Some of the top rated spots in NY use coal burning , oil burning , or even electric ovens .
Secondly , the reputation of the location ’s oven does n’t always correspond with the outcome of the pizza .
You ’ll see this in my notes below .
And , the locations that touted their use of fresh , organic ingredients stood out for the richness of their pies .
I made a quick video for each spot , to preserve the memory , show the ambiance , and take a good look at the all - so - important pizza oven .
Here are the six place I visited and some of my notes .
Enjoy !
Motorino Manhattan ( site ) : At the East Village old location of the legendary Una Pizza Napolitana , this is the second in the Motorino chain .
The oven itself has been written up in NY magazine ( an article I cut and taped to my refrigerator when it came out ) .
Although I never got to try Anthony Mangieri ’s pies , the new owners are still making some amazing pizza .
All the places I tried were fantastic , but if someone said I could go back to just one before my flight home , it would have been here .
And good news for my San Francisco friends : word has it Mr. Mangieri is opening a new spot in SF .
franny ’s ( site ) : Focused on using local , natural ingredients , this Brooklyn pizzeria has been around since 2004 , quickly establishing itself as a top spot on the scene .
My pizza cooked quickly – it was out in under 4 minutes – and was topped with an absolutely amazing Olio Verde Novello .
I actually asked if it ’d be OK to lean my head back and have them pour it in my mouth , spring break style .
Sadly , they did n’t say OK , nor did they laugh at my ( half ) joke .
So I went online and ordered a bottle of it myself .
Side note : the chef is a longtime San Franciscan , and knows some of my friends .
Interesting discovery .
Motorino Brooklyn ( site ) : The first in the Motorino chain , located in Williamsburg .
You ca n’t go wrong with a $ 10 lunch special that includes salad and a variety of pizzas to pick from .
One thing I learned after my first visit is to ask for a touch extra sauce on the marinara .
Did this on the second visit and the slightly too dry problem was eradicated , leaving a fantastic pizza experience .
I ’m lucky that this location is n’t as close to my house as it is to my friend – I started planning out an early / late lunch double visit idea that would likely become my daily ritual .
Co. ( site ) : Another newcomer , Co. ( pronounced “ Company ” ) is the restaurant from the guy behind the Sullivan St. Bakery .
NY mag calls the pies “ Neapolitanish ” and that ’s about right – they ’re smaller and thicker , and slightly less round .
My pizza took me back to a place that I ’ve only been a few times since my teenage years .
The crunchy char on the bottom of the crust vibed well with the dense dough that was possibly undercooked a tad just below the sauce .
In a very , very good way .
One downside :
The name “ Co ” ( or “ company ” ) is very hard to Google .
Remember this when you ’re trying to find it : 9th Ave and 24th St .
Patsy ’s ( site ) :
One of the older pizzerias in NY , with a legendary coal burning oven .
For decades it had a reputation as one of the very top spots .
Word has it that the pizzas have declined though , and although the pizza I ate would be one of the best available in Los Angeles , it would sadly have to go last on my list .
The pie ’s size is larger than that of the other pizzerias – about 16 ″ diameter vs. 12 ″ – but the dough was much thinner and lighter , as if they used the same amount of dough for each .
The resulting slices did n’t retain much heat and were almost room temperature by the time I was halfway through .
I did eat the entire pizza though .
And getting to see into their oven was a highlight .
The worn brick floor and the low ceiling hight was a surprise , and the pizzas seemed to cook in 90 seconds .
Veloce Pizzeria ( site ) :
The only non-Neapolitan pizzeria on my trip , they make an upscale Sicilian pizza that is rich and flavorful , with a nicely textured pan crust ( but uses a possibly non-vegan dough for those who are avoiding cheese ) .
A hearty , filling pizza that was satisfying through the very last bite .
And an enjoyable break from the Neapolitan pies that I had been eating the rest of the time .
( A very special thanks to Matt K. for sponsoring my visit and outings . )
By Jim McIlroy
November 23 , 2009 --
How do you build socialism in the First World countries right now ?
Of course , we are part of a world movement for socialism , including the Third World .
We can learn a lot from recent and current experiences in left regroupment and party building that are happening around the world at present -- with all proportions guarded , and realising that there is no direct transposition of one historical , national experience onto another .
When we talk about left regroupment and reconstruction , unlike some of the other overseas examples that I will refer to , Socialist Alliance in Australia is not at this stage a broad left party or a regroupment organisation in quite the same way as some of the other international experiences .
But it is a vehicle for constructing one and it is a nucleus for building a broad - based socialist party in the future .
We know that we went through a regroupment stage , in the first period of Socialist Alliance , from 2001 to 2005 or so , when the fundamental character of Socialist Alliance was a regroupment of left organisations .
And now it ’s another form of regroupment , between the Democratic Socialist Perspective , as a revolutionary core organisation , and various individual , independent socialists and small groups of socialists .
While there are major differences between this and many of the left regroupment processes happening in around the world , there are similar principles involved .
What are we trying to do ?
We are attempting to break out of the relative isolation of the socialist movement in the First World , we are trying to find a way to achieve that goal and we are trying to see how do you build Socialism of the 21st century in a very concrete way , in every country , and internationally .
So it is a change in the traditional left organisational form in the West in the direction of what could be dubbed ecosocialism .
That is , in my personal opinion , the direction we will be looking in the end .
And that will eventually involve some kind of regroupment with left sections of the Greens , and some sections of the “ ecosocialist ” movement , and the formation of an ecosocialist party .
Revolutionaries and broad left parties
There have been some interesting articles published recently talking about some of the recent regroupment experiences in other countries .
There ’s one in particular by Phil Hearse , from the Socialist Resistance organisation in Britain , titled ``Revolutionaries and broad left parties ’’ , from October 25 , 2009 ( at http://www.socialistvoice.ca/?p=721).
Hearse notes that in this decade there have been attempts around the world to re-build the left .
But , he says , unlike 1956 and 1968 when there were also regroupment periods , “ In the first decade of the 21st century , things are much more difficult objectively , with the working class mainly on the defensive .
Multiple debates on orientation and strategy have started to sweep the international left toward a reconfiguration of the socialist movement in several countries .
Positive aspects of this process include historic events in Venezuela and Bolivia ( with all their problems ) , and the emergence of Die Linke ( The Left ) in Germany , the Left Bloc in Portugal , and new left formations in other countries . ”
Hearse refers to a whole series of attempts and moves towards regroupment in many countries , and if you list them all , there is quite a lot .
A debate opened up about what kind of left we need in the 21st century .
“ This is of course normal .
Each successive stage of the international class struggle , especially after world historic events of the type we have seen ” -- the collapse of the Soviet Union , and the setbacks suffered by the world working class under the impact of the capitalist neoliberal offensive .
We have to pose the question of how to organise and reorganise the socialist movement once again .
So Hearse talks about the issue of the relationship between revolutionary socialism and broad left parties .
And , there are ( at least ) two ways of approaching this question : “ For some on the revolutionary left , what we might call the ‘ clean hands and spotless banner ’ tendency , … attempts at political recomposition are a waste of time .
Far better to just build your organisation , sell your paper , hold your meetings , criticise everybody else , and keep a ‘ spotless banner ’ . ’’
That a very pervasive tendency in both the Australian and international left .
Of course , there ’s nothing wrong with building your organisation , selling papers and holding meetings .
But that ca n’t be all you do in the current conditions , if you want to reconstruct the socialist movement today .
Recent international experiences
On the other hand , we have seen another tendency which is expressed in the German Die Linke , the Portuguese Left Bloc , the Danish Red-Green Alliance and many others .
“ This was the importance of the Workers ’ Party in Brazil and the Communist Refoundation in Italy at their height : that they articulated a significant national voice against neoliberalism that would have been impossible for the small forces of the revolutionary left ’’ , writes Hearse .
“ More than that : the very existence of these forces , at various stages , had an important impact on mass mobilisations and struggles – as for example the Communist Refoundation did on mobilising the anti-war movement and the struggle against pension reform in Italy . ”
And I would add , as the Socialist Alliance did have on the anti-Work Choices industrial campaign in Australia , especially in the early days .
Socialist Alliance was able to have an actual material impact on the class struggle in Australia .
“ The existence of a mass political alternative raises people ’s horizons , remoralises them , brings socialism back onto political agendas , erects an obstacle to the domination of political discourses by different brands of neoliberalism and promotes the struggle .
It also acts as a clearing house of political ideas in which the revolutionaries put their positions ” , notes Hearse
We do n’t necessarily see political regroupment or broad left formations as the end product or the final organisation that will be able to carry out a socialist revolution .
As Hearse explains : “ They are interim and transitional forms of organisation … .
Our goal remains that of building revolutionary parties .
It ’s just that , as against the ‘ clean hands and spotless banner ’ tendency , we have a major disagreement about what revolutionary parties , in the 21st century , will look like – and how to build them . ”
Phil Hearse goes on to talk about the role of revolutionaries in a broader left formation :
Inside broad left formations there has to be a real , autonomous political life in which people who are not members of an organised current can have confidence that decisions are not being made behind their backs in a disciplined caucus that will impose its views – they have to be confident that their political contribution can affect political debates .
That ’s a very important point that we are taking into this merger process [ between the DSP and the Socialist Alliance ] in Australia .
The way to operate in these formations , whether it is a broad left regroupment or more of a nucleus like the Socialist Alliance , is that “ revolutionaries – individuals and currents – have to demonstrate their commitment and loyalty to the broad left formation of which they are part .
This means prioritising the activities and press of the broad left formation itself .
Half in , half out does n’t work .
We should put no a priori limits on the evolution of a broad left formation .
Its evolution will be determined by how it responds to the major questions in the fight against imperialism and neoliberal capitalism . ”
The last section of Phil Heare ’s article is on different conceptions of the left .
He refers to a statement we ourselves in the DSP used to quote 30 or more years ago , from Leon Trotsky in 1938 : “ There is no revolutionary tendency worthy of the name on the face of the earth outside the Fourth [ International ] . ”
There could have been some kind of argument for that proposition then .
However , it probably was an overstatement even at that desperate time .
But now , in post World War II circumstances , in the last 50 years , it ’s a really bizarre idea .
And you can relate this to every form of grouping which tried to put forward that exclusivist concept in recent times .
I think Trotsky himself , even though he did put forward that statement , would be revolving in his grave to see what ’s been done in his name in the post - war period .
European examples
So , that ’s a reasonable overview of how we should approach the question of left regroupment in general in the current political situation .
Let ’s look at some recent concrete examples .
There ’s another article , also distributed online through , Socialist Voice , the Canadian left publication , by Ian Angus entitled “ Positive developments in the European left ” , October 7 , 2009 [ also at http://links.org.au/node/1289].
Some of these examples give us an idea of processes happening overseas , which are very different from the Australian situation , but on the other hand there is a reach - out approach which is very similar .
First of all in Germany , Die Linke ( The Left ) is the result of a long history from the East German - based Party of Democratic Socialism , which joined up with a section of left social democrats who became disillusioned with the pro-capitalist Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) .
Together they formed this new left party , which is a fascinating example of the direction which the left can take .
The opening for Die Linke was partly a result of the failure of the German Greens , which dropped the ball by allying themselves too closely in government with the SPD .
The Greens had the opportunity to become the dominant ecological and left party in Germany , but that did n’t happen , for various reasons .
Die Linke has gone from strength to strength , winning around 12 per cent of the vote in the late September 2009 general elections , an increase of more than 3 per cent on the previous poll .
“ The party now has 76 members in the Bundestag , up from 54 .
In most parts of the former East Germany , Die Linke is now the largest party , ” Ian Angus notes .
“ Die Linke ’s election platform has resonated with the population ” , Duroyan Fertl , reported in Green Left Weekly , October 14 , 2009 .
“ It calls for improving social justice and public welfare , introducing a minimum wage , higher taxes for the rich , relaxing harsh unemployment laws , and cutting greenhouse gases by 90 per cent by 2050 .
More than 80 per cent of the population opposes the war in Afghanistan , and Die Linke is the only party pledging to pull out German troops . ”
That is a very important policy , clearly distinguishing Die Linke from all other parties , including the German Greens .
This is a turning point in recent German politics .
Of course , the right - wing Christian Democrats won the election , and support for the SPD collapsed .
But the success of Die Linke reflects an increasing polarisation in German politics , with a shift to the right in overall votes matched by a turn to the left by a significant section of the working class .
There is quite a tense situation in German politics at present , with the people hard hit by the global economic crisis .
The potential is there for a major radicalisation of a large section of the workers and the poor in the next period .
Left Bloc of Portugal
Another interesting case is that of Portugal , where the Left Bloc has made important gains in recent times .
The history of the Left Bloc is quite different from the situation in Australia , but there is one similarity in the fact that one of the components of the original Left Bloc was the Revolutionary Socialist Party , the former section of the Fourth International in Portugal .
The RSP linked up with a group of former Maoists , and a wing of the Portuguese Communist Party , together with a number of independent socialists , to form the Left Bloc in 1998 .
The Left Bloc has gradually developed its unity and its base of support over the past decade .
In the recent Portuguese elections , also held on September 27 , 2009 , the ruling pro-capitalist Socialist Party held on to office , but its vote fell from 45 per cent to just over 36 per cent .
“ At the same time , the Left Bloc increased its vote from 6 per cent to nearly 10 per cent , and doubled its representation in the Assembly from 8 to 16 members ” , Angus reported .
`` In a 2007 interview , Left Bloc leader Francisco Louca , described the party as a ‘ pluralist party of the socialist left ’ ' :
When the Bloc was formed , eight years ago , we made a political choice which I believe is still valid : to create our party on the basis of the political confrontations which define our activity and not on the basis of a priori ideological cohesion .
We thus brought together very different traditions , coming from the Communist Party , Maoist or revolutionary Marxist ( Trotskyist ) currents , as well as people from independent social movements .
The possibility of building this regroupment , in a very defensive situation , implied that we were able to formulate political proposals and to have an impact on society .
So we started not by discussing a programme of historical reference , but a programme of political intervention .
We defined ourselves as socialists shortly after our foundation , in a double sense : initially , by rejecting ‘ real socialism ’ ( Stalinism , the experiences of the USSR , Eastern Europe or China ) , then by identifying ourselves with the anti-capitalist struggle , against the social - democratic experience and its current social - liberal version .
In this sense , we defend the idea of collective ownership .
But what is really important , in particular for the organisations which followed the path of small minority groups , is to find the means of expressing political ideas which fight to have an influence on the masses .
So we translated our socialist ideas into specific proposals , very much linked to the modalities of political life in Portugal .
For example , we recently proposed the socialisation of the services of water , energy , etc. , and one of our principal campaigns this year centres on the defence , the modernisation and the transformation of the national health service .
That enables us to concretise our perspective of socialisation on the basis of social needs and concrete struggles . ”
( International Viewpoint , January , 2008 ) .
On a smaller scale , this approach is not dissimilar to that which the DSP has pursued with the Socialist Alliance over a number of years .
And this kind of involvement in the class struggle on the ground has the other effect of deepening the radical programmatic basis of the organisation itself .
New Anti-Capitalist Party of France
The third main example of left regroupment in Europe is in France , which is a really interesting development .
And that ’s another example of what can come out of the Trotskyist movement , in the right conditions and with a positive approach .
The Ligue Communiste Revolutionnaire ( LCR ) , the French section of the Fourth International , has been changed and transformed by its deep involvement in the class struggle in France .
They have been open and able to see the enormous opportunities there to begin to construct a broad formation of the socialist left .
The LCR was not held back by dogmas and sectarianism from breaking from its organisational and political forms of the past .
The New Anti-Capitalist Party ( NPA ) was formed in February 2009 on the initiative of the LCR , which then dissolved itself into the new formation .
The NPA recently called on the entire “ anti-neoliberal and anti-capitalist left ” to begin discussions about joint action in the 2010 regional French elections .
It has now put together a joint declaration by six groups , aimed at uniting their efforts to combat the right - wing offensive led by President Sarkozy .
“ Together we can help reverse the relationship of forces between the political right , the employers and the popular classes in struggle and at the polling booths , ” the statement says .
So the NPA is now pushing for united left action on all fronts , even beyond the substantial regroupment reflected in its own establishment less than a year ago .
It is very ambitious about what it is trying to do in France .
But at the same time the former LCR leadership has made it very clear that the way forward was not to go into the NPA as an organised faction , but to formally dissolve the LCR and become totally immersed in the new party – still as a revolutionary current , but seeking to win the members of the NPA in an increasingly radical direction .
This is an interesting example for us in the DSP , in relation to Socialist Alliance , bearing in mind that the NPA is now a party of many thousands of members , while the Socialist Alliance is less than 1000 .
Nevertheless , the LCR had many fewer members than the NPA , and has sought to widen the activist base of socialist struggle in France by moving in this direction .
Britain : Green Left
One other instructive case study in Europe is the example of Britain , as much for the negative as the positive lessons .
When you look at the history of the English left over the last 60 years , it is one of the tragedies of the Western left in general .
Literally tens of thousands of young and older militants have passed through the ranks of the British left organisations over the decades , but without the establishment of a long - lasting , united left organisation – despite a number of initially promising beginnings .
( The Scottish Socialist Party is a special case here .
After the great advances of the SSP in the past , the split with Tommy Sheridan ’s Solidarity has set back the SSP considerably in recent times .
However , the SSP is gradually moving to re-establish its base again , with modest success . )
All is not lost , however .
There have been positive developments in Britain recently .
As we know , the original Socialist Alliance was established in England at the start of this decade , which inspired the formation of Socialist Alliance in Australia in 2001 .
Following the collapse of the Socialist Alliance in England , the formation of the Respect party showed considerable promise for left renewal .
However , a recent article by British Socialist Workers Party leader Alex Callinicos paints a grim picture of the state of left renewal in Britain – as well as in Europe as a whole .
Ian Angus refers to this report :
Callinicos ’s article is particularly scathing about Britain , where despite ‘ a decade ’s sustained efforts at socialist regroupment , ’ there is still no united Left electoral alternative to the Conservatives and New Labour .
He describes the Respect party led by George Galloway and Salma Yaqoob as ‘ once the most promising product of these efforts , ’ but – perhaps understandably – he is silent about the role of the SWP ’s 2007 walkout in weakening that group .
Several British groups , including the SWP , have this year called for renewed efforts at left unity , but none of these appeals has yet produced anything resembling a practical result .
The failures of previous combinations have left a legacy of distrust that will be difficult to overcome .
One significant development , which is very relevant to the Australian situation , is the formation of Green Left , the ecosocialist wing of the Green Party of England and Wales .
The steering committee of Green Left , on September 30 , 2009 , called on the Green Party in Birmingham not to stand a candidate against Salma Yaqoob of Respect , “ in order to give a strong , progressive and environmentally aware candidate the chance of taking the seat .
We believe that Salma Yaqoob of Respect is the candidate most likely to do this and her victory would be a victory for all those opposing the policies of privatisation , war , greed , racism and environmental destruction . ”
( Remember that there is no preferential voting system in Britain , so unified progressive candidatures are even more important there than in this country . )
This is perhaps just a straw in the wind , but it does give in indication of possible future directions toward unity between left Greens and the socialist left in Britain .
That would be an important breakthrough for the future of the progressive movement in that country , and internationally .
Latin America : PSUV in Venezuela
To finish , we will jump right across the world to Latin America ; Venezuela to be exact .
The initial focus of this article was intended to be on developments with the United Socialist Party of Venezuela ( PSUV ) and its congress at the end of November 2009 , as an instance of a quite different kind of left regroupment .
Now , events in the last two days have broadened the context , not only to regroupment in Venezuela , but regroupment in Latin America and the whole world .
The situation of the PSUV is in one sense a totally incomparable to that of the Socialist Alliance in Australia .
The PSUV had an initial nominal membership of nearly 7 million , with an active membership of almost 2.5 million !
However , the PSUV is a form of regroupment , because after President Hugo Chavez ’s call at the end of 2006 for the formation of a united party of the revolution in Venezuela , there was the beginning of a sifting - out process within the Chavista movement through the process of forming this new party .
Obviously , there is a very long way to go with this process , as the PSUV continues to be dominated by bureaucratic forces overall .
However , a sizeable group of well - known revolutionaries have been elected as delegates to the congress .
There is a big struggle ahead to transform the PSUV into a genuine mass revolutionary and socialist party .
The push from below by the popular movement in Venezuela , propelled by the growing class polarisation inside the country , together with the pressure of increasing military threats from the US , via Colombia , creates the real possibility of sharp struggle inside and outside the PSUV , which can eventually push the new party , or significant sections of it , in a revolutionary socialist direction .
Clearly , further political clarification will likely lead to further regroupment and realignments on the Venezuelan left in the future .
New international
At the recent meeting of International Left Parties in Caracas , at which the Australian Socialist Alliance was represented by comrades Fred Fuentes and Kiraz Janicke , President Chavez issued a call for the formation of a new international organisation of left parties , which he dubbed the “ Fifth Socialist International ” .
This would appear to be a most important and exciting development in the Latin American and world socialist movement .
Chavez has a history of seizing the vital moment and putting out a call for action , which answers the crucial needs of the time .
Often it can be an ambit claim at first , which also catches people , including many of his friends and allies , by surprise .
But he challenges people to face up to critical responsibilities , in a way which forces them to think outside the square .
The full implications of this dramatic call will only unfold in time .
And we will need to discuss our attitude to it in much more detail , including all the possible consequences for international collaboration .
It is impossible to envision that any such new international , whether it comes to be called the ``Fifth ’’ , or something quite different , would resemble the Third International ( or Comintern ) , even in its early revolutionary days under Lenin ’s leadership .
However , it is also unlikely to bear much comparison to the Fourth International under Leon Trotsky either .
It could bear more historical analogy with the First International , under Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels , in the sense of being an attempt at a new start for the world socialist and workers ’ movement .
Chavez ’s call has already galvanised the movement and has won widespread support from left parties in Latin America – where its greatest strength and initial centre would undoubtedly lie .
Realistically , the initial basis of a new international would be to provide a vehicle for establishing greater collaboration between left and socialist parties in Latin America .
But it will have an impact well beyond that , including in First World countries .
Chavez said during his speech to the November 19 - 21 Caracas conference of international left parties , “ I assume responsibility before the world .
I think it is time to convene the Fifth International , and I dare to make the call , which I think is a necessity .
I dare to request that we create my proposal ” ( quoted in Kiraz Janicke , Green Left Weekly , November 25 , 2009 . )
He insisted that the conference of left parties should not be “ just one more meeting ” and invited the representatives of the organisations present to participate in a truly new project .
“ This socialist encounter should be of the genuine left , willing to fight against imperialism and capitalism ” , he said .
Chavez briefly outlined the experiences of previous “ Internationals ” and also stressed that any new international would have to function “ without impositions ” and would have to respect diversity .
He also emphasised that the new international would not be confined to those organisations present at the conference , but would have to be open to drawing in other organisations from different countries .
Chavez ’s proposal does open a big door .
Where the plan could go from here is anyone ’s guess .
But when you think about the enormous challenge facing the world left and working class , with the ecological , economic and social crisis wracking the capitalist system , this call is incredibly timely .
There is probably no one but Chavez who could realistically issue a call like this right now , and have it taken up in a serious way on a broad basis .
Even the most limited result in the short term , of the creation of an effective international network of progressive solidarity , would be a definite step forward in the current situation of world left disunity .
Next stage
So , to wind up , what we are trying to do here in Australia is rather different from the international left regroupment examples mentioned above .
The experiences we have had here with Socialist Alliance has been a bumpy ride , as everyone is aware .
We are planning to enter the next logical stage of the process , with the proposed merger of the DSP and Socialist Alliance , with the idea of building a broader socialist party , as part of a process of putting the socialist movement on a stronger basis in this country .
We want to put the socialist alternative back on the map of politics in Australia .
There are a variety of different experiments and processes happening around the world at present , in quite different political circumstances to our own .
But now , even as we speak , there ’s a call out there for much greater international collaboration .
Both national left reconstruction and international collaboration are ideas whose time has come .
[ This abridged article is based on a pre-conference discussion presentation given to a meeting of Sydney Central Branch Democratic Socialist Perspective of Australia on November 23 , 2009 . ]
A conservative businessman won most votes in Chile 's presidential election yesterday , making him favourite to win a run-off and end nearly two decades of leftwing rule .
Preliminary results gave the billionaire Sebastian Pinera 44 % of the vote , far ahead of his nearest rival but not enough to clinch a first - round victory .
Pinera , who owns stakes in an airline and a media firm , promised to rejuvenate the economy but not radically shift Chile to the right .
" Better times are coming to Chile , " he said .
Pinera will square off on 17 January against Eduardo Frei , a former president who ran on the ticket of the ruling coalition , Concertación , which has been in power since the end of Augusto Pinochet 's dictatorship in 1990 .
Frei , who came second with 31 % , will try to rally support from voters who backed two other leftwing candidates : Marco Enriquez - Ominami took 19 % and Jorge Arrate took 6 % .
The country of 17 million people is a stable and prosperous Latin America success story , but Pinera tapped a perception that the ruling coalition was jaded .
" Chile needs a true renaissance which frees us from this state of lethargy , " he wrote in a Sunday newspaper column .
If Pinera prevails next month it would be the right 's first poll victory in half a century , and distinguish Chile from a continent dominated by leftist governments .
Analysts said he was the right 's most moderate candidate and would keep Chile on a centrist course .
The two - chamber congress is expected to remain divided .
After a four - year term which saw copper and wine exports help to weather recession , President Michelle Bachelet has a 77 % approval rating , but is constitutionally barred from seeking re-election .
Frei , a civil engineer whose 1994 - 2000 administration was buffeted by economic problems , has put Bachelet 's name and face on his campaign posters , but struggled to transfer her popularity .
At 67 , he represents the old guard in a country which seems to want change .
The race was shaken up by Enríquez - Ominami , 36 , a former film director and congressman who broke from the ruling coalition to run as an independent .
Dubbed " the rebel " , he promised to increase taxes on the rich and broached taboo subjects such as marijuana consumption , gay marriage and abortion .
" The big question is : What happens to Marco Enriquez - Ominami's votes ? "
Fabian Pressacco , a political analyst who expects a tight race , told Reuters .
" How many of those votes will go to Frei ?
I think most of them will . "
60 mph in 5.5 seconds .
It 's supposed to hit production in 2012 with an output of 20,000 units ( that means cars ) per year .
The Detroit News is reporting that Tesla has closed on a $ 465 million low - cost loans from the Energy Department to work on its next electric vehicle , the Model S sedan .
The funds will apparently be used by the company to build manufacturing plants in California .
The loan , which closed on Monday and was approved back in June , will come from the Advanced Technology Vehicle Manufacturing Program , which has about $ 25 billion to dole out to automakers manufacturing energy efficient vehicles .
The Model S will , when complete , boast an up to 300 - mile driving range , and will hit up to
How to add a connection string to the web.config file using WebConfiguration Manager during run-time .
It is now possible to add a dynamically build connection string to the configuration files especially to the web.config file during the run-time by using the WebConfiguration Manager class .
WebConfigurationManager class simply provides access to the configuration files for web applications and using the WebConfiguration Manager class is the preffered way of working with the configuration files .
WebConfigurationManager class belongs to the System .
Web. Configuration namespace .
WebConfiguration Manager class provides write option on the configuration files and make changes in any level of configuration settings with the open methods OpenWebConfiguration , OpenMachineConfiguration , OpenMappedWebConfiguration and OpenMappedMachineConfiguration .
These open methods enables .
Microsoft Framework programmers to write or alter any settings in the .config files .
One important class we will deal during this article or tutorial is the SqlConnectionStringBuilder class .
We will use SqlConnectionStringBuilder class to build the connection string easily without living the complexity of a connection string syntax .
As SqlConnectionStringBuilder class has properties and an instance of this class will have those properties to set the connection string properties like DataSource , UserID , Password , IntegratedSecurity , etc . we do not need to memorize the correct syntax of a connection string .
Probably you might have experienced problems since you have typed User or User Id instead of User ID while building a conenction string in the web.config files .
Because of these such problems a connection string builder class was one of the suggested items from the .NET Framework developers community .
And now we have the SqlConnectionStringBuilder class .
Last thing you will see in this editing configuration files for connection strings tutorial is how we can keep the connection string in an other configuration file rather keeping the connectionStrings in the web.config file .
And we will see how we can edit this new configuration file which stores the connection strings without any change in our .NET framework codes .
All these simplicity can be obtained by using the configSource attribute of the connectionStrings in the configuration file web.config .
How to build a connection string using SqlConnectionStringBuilder class
To build a connection string , we can use one of the ConnectionStringBuilder classes .
These classes can be listed as follows and is used for different types of data connections :
SqlConnectionStringBuilder
OleDbConnectionStringBuilder
OdbcConnectionStringBuilder
OracleConnectionStringBuilder
I 'm going to use SqlConnectionStringBuilder class since as Microsoft Framework developers we are mostly connecting to MS SQL Server database instances .
In order to use SqlConnectionStringBuilder class , we should import System .
Data .
SqlClient namespace into our source codes as :
Imports System.Data.SqlClient Dim connectionStringBuilder As New SqlConnectionStringBuilder ( )
' Using SQL Authentication
connectionStringBuilder.DataSource = " localhost "
connectionStringBuilder.UserID = " dnn "
connectionStringBuilder .
Password = " dnn "
connectionStringBuilder.InitialCatalog = " CTP6 "
' ConnectionString property will give us the final connection string
connectionStringBuilder.ConnectionString
The above code will produce the below connection string :
" Data Source=localhost ; Initial Catalog=CTP6 ; User ID=dnn;Password=dnn "
If we decide to use the Windows Authentication , we can make the following changes while we are setting the properties of the SqlConnectionStringBuilder class instance
Dim connectionStringBuilder As New SqlConnectionStringBuilder ( )
' Using Windows Authentication
connectionStringBuilder.DataSource = " localhost "
connectionStringBuilder.IntegratedSecurity = True
connectionStringBuilder.InitialCatalog = " CTP6 "
' ConnectionString property will give us the final connection string
connectionStringBuilder.ConnectionString
And the final connection string that is built will be as :
" Data Source=localhost ; Initial Catalog=CTP6 ; Integrated Security =True "
How to store connection strings in an other configuration file rather than web.config
If you use configSource attribute in a web .config configuration section , it points to the name of the configuration file that is associated with that configuration section .
For instance , if we set the configSource attribute in our connectionStrings section as follows :
< connectionStrings configSource=" connections.config " />
Than we can create a connections .
config file in the root folder of our web application , and place all the connection strings information within this configuration file .
All we should do is copying the main tags which are for this example < connectionStrings > , </connectionStrings > and the contents between these tags into this new configuration file .
Below is a sample connection .
config file , which is set as the connectionStrings tag configSource attribute value .
< connectionStrings >
< add name = " LocalhostCTP6 " connectionString = " Data Source=localhost ; Initial Catalog=CTP6 ; User ID=dnn;Password=dnn " providerName= " System.Data.SqlClient " />
< add name = " DynamicConnection " connectionString = " Data Source=localhost ; Initial Catalog=CTP6 ; User ID=dnn;Password=dnn " />
</connectionStrings >
How to add a new connection string to the configuration file web .config during run-time
In this section , we will code out web application in order to create and add a new connection string in the configuration file web.config or in the configSource file set in the connectionStrings section .
It is important that we will use WebConfiguration Manager class , OpenWebConfiguration method , call the GetSection method or just for connection strings and application settings call related collections ConnectionStrings or AppSettings , then call the ConnectionStrings .
Add Add method and last Save ( ) method to reflect the changes .
' Use OpenWebConfiguration method of WebConfiguration Manager object in order to write to configuration file Dim webConfiguration As Configuration = WebConfigurationManager.OpenWebConfiguration( Request.ApplicationPath )
' If you want to get any other section than the ConnectionStrings and the AppSettings sections , you can use the GetSection method .
' Dim connections As ConnectionStringsSection = DirectCast(cfg.GetSection (" connectionStrings " ) , ConnectionStringsSection )
' ConnectionStrings section can be directly accessibly by calling the webConfiguration .
ConnectionStrings method .
Dim connections As ConnectionStringsSection = webConfiguration.ConnectionStrings
' Before adding a new connection string , check whether it is already included in the configuration file .
If connections .
ConnectionStrings ( " DynamicConnectionNT
" )
Is Nothing Then
connections.ConnectionStrings.Add( New ConnectionStringSettings ( " DynamicConnectionNT " , connectionStringBuilder.ConnectionString ) )
End If
' Save the changes to in order to reflect them into the configuration file .
webConfiguration .
Save ()
Topics : 10
Frequently asked questions about how to be a successful poster here at MyE28.com .
Mozilla 's new Firefox 3.6 is about 15 % faster than its predecessor , Firefox 3.5 , but still is a slowpoke compared to the current speed demon s , Apple 's Safari and Google 's Chrome , benchmark tests show .
According to tests run by Computerworld , Firefox 3.6 , which Mozilla launched on Thursday , is the third fastest of five Windows browsers tested .
Firefox renders JavaScript three times faster than Opera 10 and more than four times faster than Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 8 ( IE8 ) .
It 's also 14.5 % faster than Firefox 3.5 , the Mozilla browser that debuted in June 2009 , a slightly larger speed increase than Mozilla has claimed .
But even with the JavaScript speed boost , Firefox 3.6 can't match Safari or Chrome .
Safari is twice as fast -- and Chrome 4.0 nearly twice as fast -- as Firefox .
Safari edged Chrome for first place in the speed race , beating Google 's browser by about 6.5 % , a slightly smaller lead than in a November time trial that pitted Mac versions of the browsers against each other .
Computerworld ran the SunSpider JavaScript benchmark suite in Windows XP Service Pack 3 ( SP3 ) three times for each browser , then averaged the scores to arrive at the final rankings .
Most browser makers have been aggressively promoting improved JavaScript performance for nearly two years now , dating to when Mozilla began touting the performance boost its new TraceMonkey JavaScript engine gave to what eventually was tagged as Firefox 3.5 and Google 's trumpeting the raw speed of Chrome .
Even Microsoft , which had disparaged speed tests , has acknowledged its developers are working on giving the next version of IE a kick in the pants .
In November , Steven Sinofsky , Microsoft 's president of Windows and Windows Live , claimed that early work on IE9 put the browser 's JavaScript speed " on par " with rivals .
Microsoft has not yet unveiled a test or preview build of IE9 that can be independently tested , however .
David Mandelin , who works on Mozilla 's JavaScript team , has posted technical details on Firefox 3.6's JavaScript improvements on the hacks.mozilla.org blog .
Mozilla made other changes to Firefox 3.6 to speed up the browser .
The Mac edition starts up about 30 % faster than Firefox 3.5 , for example , while changes to the location bar -- the searchable address bar that Mozilla dubs the " Awesomebar " -- on all versions have resulted in what the company claimed were " massive improvements in [ user interface ] responsiveness when typing in the location bar . "
On another oft - quoted scoring system , the final of Firefox 3.6 did not budge from earlier beta builds of the browser , however .
As it had last year during its beta testing , the production version of Firefox 3.6 scored 92 out of a possible 100 on the Acid3 benchmark , which checks how closely a browser follows standards related to DOM ( Document Object Model ) , CSS2 ( Cascading Style Sheets ) and SVG ( Scalable Vector Graphics ) .
Current editions of Safari , Chrome and Opera all score 100 on the Acid3 test , while IE8 reaches only 24 .
Firefox currently accounts for about 25 % of all browsers used worldwide , according to the most recent data from Web metrics company NetApplications.com .
With a quarter of the browser market , Firefox is a distant second to IE 's 63 % , but enjoys a huge cushion over the current No. 3 browser , Chrome , which has a 5 % share .
For more on Firefox 3.6 , check out Computerworld 's review here .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer , send e-mail to gkeizer@ix.netcom.com or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
This story , " Firefox Takes a 15 % Speed Jump " was originally published by Computerworld .
Part 4 in a series .
Pulitzer - and Emmy - winner William Henry ‘s famous polemic , In Defense of Elitism ( 1994 ) , argues that societies can be ranked along a spectrum with “ egalitarianism ” on one end and “ elitism ” on the other .
He concludes that America , to its detriment , has slid too far in the direction of egalitarianism , and in the process that it has abandoned the elitist impulse that made it great ( and that is necessary for any great culture ) .
While Henry ’s analysis is flawed in spots ( and , thanks to the excesses of the Bush years , there are some other places that could use updating ) , he brilliantly succeeds in his ultimate goal : crank - starting a much - needed debate about the proper place of elitism in a “ democratic ” society .
Along the way he spends a good deal of time defining what he means by “ egalitarianism ” and “ elitism . ”
A particular concern for Henry , and one that ’s critical to the discussion here , has to do with the nature of equality , which is distinguished from egalitarianism .
In specifically addressing equality of opportunity versus equality of outcomes , Henry believes ( as do nearly all American “ conservatives ” that I know and have read ) that we have in recent decades overemphasized the latter .
That Henry was a lifelong Democrat , a “ card - carrying member of the ACLU ” and Northeastern liberal cultural elite of the first order ( arts critic for The Boston Globe and Time ) adds a bit of spice to the argument .
If you ’ve read the previous installments in the series ( part 1 , part 2 , part 3 ) , it should be clear that I see elitism , properly understood , as an important key to a more enlightened society that better serves interests of all of its citizens .
This argument has perhaps taken some unexpected turns so far , and there are more twists still to come .
For the moment , it ’s critical that we understand the following premise : performance elitism , which is necessary to the long - term health of a society , depends on a level playing field .
The concept of “ level playing field , ” then , is central to our ultimate goal .
What do we mean by the term and what do we not mean ?
Equality of Outcomes : Bad in Principle , Impossible in Practice and Nobody Believes in it Anyway , So Why are We Talking About It ?
In Principle : I ’m not sure this argument even needs making to a rational audience , but it ’s important to dismiss the popular straw men that the privilege elites and their allies like to trot out in order to distract us from the real issues .
For the sake of form , then , here goes .
To the best of my knowledge , there has never been a human society that was n’t hierarchical in some way .
So let ’s begin by accepting that rigid egalitarianism does n’t come naturally to the species .
But is it a good idea ?
It ’s easy enough to paint a pleasant utopian vision where we ’re all equal , so long as we ’re all equally prosperous .
The problem is that it ’s hard to imagine how we get there from here .
If we ’re to suppose a philosophy that ’s grounded more or less in plausibility , then we have to account for what we know about the human animal .
The individualistic / free market / classical liberal premise regarding egalitarianism is that people are motivated to work for personal gain , and the cynical contemporary conservative / Randian corollary is that if the end result is that the guy who innovates and busts his ass has to give it all away so that the lazy guy who refuses to work can have just as much , then nobody will work .
Ultimately we ’ll all be equal , all right – we ’ll all have nothing .
The relative truth or falsity of this belief system aside for a second , this is an awfully dim view of the human spirit .
It alleges that people wo n’t produce for the common good and that people wo n’t pursue achievement for intrinsic reasons .
These conclusions , taken as absolutes ( since they ’re usually presented that way ) , have never been demonstrated and are suspect on their face .
However , it ’s easy enough to accept that they ’re valid to some lesser degree .
While I might argue that most of us have enough personal pride that we ’d never lay down and quit just to spite the system , and while I might also also argue that as things hypothetically got bad enough we ’d all pitch in and at least try to survive , the less there is in the way of return on our effort , the less we ’re likely to produce – at a macro level , at least .
The curve is n’t linear , but there ’s no doubt an effect .
Conclusion : Given what we know about human behavior , the radical pursuit of purely equal outcomes would fail to maximize the potential of the system .
Fair enough ?
Good .
Moving on .
In Practice : Again , I ca n’t imagine that this point really needs making , but : assuming a cadre of extreme radical egalitarians somehow seized control of the government ( and understand that at present , the most liberal elements of the Democratic Party do n’t have a representative in DC who comes anywhere close to fitting this description ) , how would you enact the measures needed to bring into existence a purely egalitarian society ?
There are too many people who oppose it , these people have too much money and power , there ’s no mechanism by which this money and power could be quickly be stripped , the reformers have no apparent allies in the military or on the Supreme Court ( or even the federal circuit bench ) , and there are simply too many ways by which the haves could circumvent the new regime .
Conclusion :
Some people have more than others and it ’s impossible to imagine a day in our lifetimes when this will no longer be so .
This means that some children are going to be born into better circumstances than others .
They ’re going to have access to better schools , and when they graduate they ’re going to inherit a network of social connections that provide them with better and more lucrative opportunities , regardless of their qualifications .
Period .
Nobody Believes
It Anyway :
In most cases , equality of outcome is equal parts bogeyman and straw man .
To be sure , there are social and political movements and philosophies that seem to push in that direction if we insist on misunderstanding them in their shallowest forms ( and this is America , so that ’s precisely what we do ) .
If all you know of the world comes from shout radio , for instance , feminism does n’t seek equality of opportunity for men and women , it wants to render men and women the same in every ludicrous way imaginable , so either we outlaw urinals or have government - financed programs teaching women how to use them .
And so on .
Am I being unfair to conservative shout jocks ?
Well , I ’m coming closer to fairly representing their views than they do the views of feminists .
Sure , there are members of the feminist movement ( and this goes for members of all - ism movements ) who hold radical views , and there are very likely a few who do propose policies that would result in something like a pure equality of outcome based on gender ( as I ’ve noted before , there are 300 million Americans , and it ’s hard to imagine a proposition that nobody would embrace ) .
But the .01 % most radical members of a movement do not comprise , no matter what a media pundit may tell you , a majority , and in fact they are just what the numbers would imply : a very small minority .
The majority of feminists , and multiculturalists , and gay rights activists and civil rights activists and so on are bright enough to grasp basic social realities .
Conclusion : A level playing field has nothing to do with a mythical forced equality of outcomes agenda or the non-existent hordes conspiring to inflict them on us .
Equality of Opportunity : A “ Fair Chance ”
In 2006 I wrote an essay on a man who was born with every advantage imaginable , but who had evolved a self - image that lacked anything remotely like self - awareness .
I called the man “ Bob , ” and it should n’t take anyone who knows anything at all about my hometown more than a couple of seconds to realize who Bob really is .
Here ’s a bit of what I had to say in that piece :
Life is a 100 - yard dash .
Despite Jefferson ’s horsewax about all men being created equal , the truth is that some folks begin with a 99 - yard headstart .
I get it .
I understand that ’s how life is .
I run as hard as I can and I try not to begrudge anybody their advantages .
I also try to keep a clear head about my own advantages , because while I began at the starting line , I know that some people began the race at the bottom of a hole 20 yards back .
Here ’s what I ’m over , Bob .
I ’m sick of guys who started a yard from the finish line writing self - absorbed books lecturing the rest of us on how to be better runners .
Getting there first in your case proves that your daddy was fast , not you .
So take your win for what it is and shut the fuck up .
I know dozens of people as smart as you or smarter , Bob .
Maybe hundreds .
And a lot of them are struggling just to get to the finish line because of how guys like you have rigged the game .
This much I ’d bet my life on : had you grown up where I did , you ’d be pumping gas .
Or , let ’s give you some credit .
You ’re still pretty smart and have some attitude about you , so maybe you ’d own the gas station .
I continue to like the 100 - yard dash metaphor for its ability to convey proportion .
Its limitation is that we ca n’t take it too literally because a race only has one winner .
And as I note above , the reality of life is that some people are simply going to get a head start , while other unfortunate souls are going to have to run with a few handicaps .
When I insist that our society ’s public policy must assure a “ level playing field , ” I do n’t mean that we need a Harrison Bergeron - style Handicapper General to make us all “ equal ” : we do n’t need to worry about completely eliminating head starts , even when they overprivilege halfwit douchebags like our most recent former president ( although a productive policy would perhaps cultivate a strong progressive tax structure that limits inheritance privilege more than we do at present ) .
I also do n’t mean that we need to obsess over what it means to win – it ’s okay if a particular “ race ” has many winners .
The business world has lots and lots of individuals who we ’d consider winners .
The same goes for the academy .
And the world of arts and letters .
And sports , and music , and theater , and film , and so on .
What matters is that everyone is afforded an opportunity to achieve to their highest potential , regardless of the circumstances of their birth .
If some are born into advantage , so be it , so long as all have a fair chance to succeed .
To this end , America ’s public policy needs to :
provide a minimum baseline of opportunity ; this policy set would largely focus on education , although in some cases it may also take into account other factors ;
the goal of the policy should be to assure that young citizens of noteworthy ability who are willing to dedicate themselves to educational and professional achievement can reliably earn their way to the top of their professions ( we can argue about the nuts and bolts of this policy later – for now , we ’re discussing broad goals and objectives ) ;
to the extent that children of privilege can attain higher degrees of success despite inferior capabilities , the system would not be deemed a success .
Put more succinctly , when we look at the upper echelons of a given industry , profession or organization , we should see a higher correlation between success and merit than between success and privilege .
Until this is the case , we have not sufficiently leveled the playing field and our culture will continue to underperform its potential , to the detriment of all of us .
Egalitarianism , Equality , Democracy
Henry attempted to distinguish between equality of outcome , which he called egalitarianism , and equality of opportunity , which he called democracy , and his use of “ democracy ” in this context was a little unsatisfying , for a lot of reasons .
Still , it ’s significant that he linked opportunity and democracy .
They ’re not the same thing , but one depends on the other .
Perhaps the more important point to make is that we can have democracy without having anything worth having .
After all , if we all have a voice and we vote to usher in an age of unparalleled self - degradation , that ’s democracy , even if it represents an undesirable state of existence .
We can also use our democratic power to vote ourselves into a new era of serfdom – something we ’re far closer to doing than makes rational , self - interested sense .
What we mean when we wax eloquent about democracy is a higher - order ideal of self - determination where we all have a shot at prosperity that hinges on our abilities and our willingness to work for a better life and where the fate of the nation rests in the hands of those who legitimately comprise our brightest and best .
That sort of democracy is something that does n’t exist in the United States at present , if it ever did .
If we are to achieve this enlightened society someday , then we must maximize the fullest potential of each citizen , and this can only be accomplished by bolstering the default level of opportunity .
So when we say “ leveling the playing field , ” what we ’re really talking about is raising up the low end so that the least fortunate among us still has a reasonable shot of succeeding alongside the most fortunate .
More in the Democracy & Elitism series …
Brett Favre gambled yet again on Sunday , throwing an extremely risky pass at the end of regulation in the NFC Championship Game .
Saints cornerback Tracy Porter intercepted the pass , depriving the Vikings a chance to attempt a long field goal for the win .
But where does Favre 's gaffe rank among the pantheon of terrible postseason passes ?
10 . Matt Hasselbeck , Seahawks , 2004 divisional playoffs .
" We want the ball and we 're gonna score ! " Oops .
Interception .
9. Neil O'Donnell , Steelers , Super XXX .
Two perfect throws -- to Cowboys cornerback Larry Brown .
Ronald Martinez / Getty Images
8. Joe Theismann , Redskins , Super Bowl XVIII .
Attempted screen pass to Joe Washington .
With 12 seconds left in the first half .
From their own 12 - yard line .
The Redskins had successfully run the same play against the Raiders in the regular season .
Not this time .
Jack Squirek sniffed out the play and returned it for a touchdown that put the Raiders ahead 21 - 3 .
7. Pretty much any pass by Jim Kelly in his four Super Bowls .
6. Probably a pass by Jake Delhomme .
5. Brian Sipe , Browns , 1980 AFC divisional playoffs .
Red Right 88 .
The Browns were in range for a game - winning field goal but attempted one final pass , which Oakland intercepted in the end zone .
4. Garo Yepremian , Dolphins , Super Bowl XII .
Do n't let your kicker throw the ball .
3. Brett Favre , Packers , 2004 NFC divisional playoffs .
The one to Brian Dawkins in overtime .
2. Brett Favre , Packers , 2007 NFC Championship Game .
The other one in overtime .
1. Brett Favre , Vikings , 2009 NFC Championship Game .
The single worst pass in NFL history .
Congratulations , Gunslinger !
The Department of Defense has identified 957 American service members who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans yesterday :
ANGUS , Daniel M. , 28 , Sgt. , Marines ; Thonotosassa , Fla. ; Second Marine Division .
KANE , Jeremy M. , 22 , Lance Cpl. , Marines ; Towson , Md. ; Fourth Marine Division .
POOLE , Timothy J. , 22 , Lance Cpl. , Marines ; Bowling Green , Ky. ; Third Marine Division .
SMITH , Zachary D. , 19 , Lance Cpl. , Marines ; Hornell , N.Y. ; Second Marine Division .
It is amazing how many financial analysts usually from the too big to fail banks have gone onto the media circuit to claim that employment is always a lagging indicator in economic recoveries .
They preach this belief as if it were a law like thermodynamics .
These same people who never envisioned a stock market collapse rivaling the Great Depression now want the public to believe their flawed doctrine of economic prosperity .
Yet the question is prosperity for who ?
How are we supposed to trust an industry filled of self - labeled experts that missed the biggest financial crisis in modern times ?
This is like a pharmacist who does n’t know what drug to give you or a baseball player who ca n’t swing a bat .
We ca n’t trust Wall Street for a variety of reasons including they are part of the nucleus for this economic calamity .
It is amazing that we even have to debate the issue of employment .
Our economy cannot function and provide the middle class a thriving environment without jobs .
This should be obvious yet the Wall Street crowd is feeling comfortable even though the public is still dealing with double - digit unemployment ( we ’ve lost jobs for 24 straight months and would have to go back to the Great Depression to find a similar streak ) .
In fact , the largest state economy in our nation that of California with an economy of over $ 1.8 trillion managed to average out an underemployment rate of 21.1 percent for all of 2009 :
Source : BLS
This chart is downright troubling .
Who would have thought that Michigan and California would lead the way in 2009 with underemployment rates over 21 percent ?
Michigan has had issues for many years and their economy pulls in a GDP of $ 380 billion .
But California being the biggest economic state in our country with a GDP of $ 1.8 trillion should make you pause before you think we are somehow in recovery mode .
And from the looks of it , California with their historical housing bubble looks to have years of financial trouble to work through .
These issues are large and we have n’t even begun examining their state budget issues that are projected to come in at $ 21 billion .
Having a job is the cornerstone of our economy and also our vibrant middle class .
This has been the case for multiple decades and actually has been part of our identity since the disastrous years of the Great Depression .
Having a job is a pact with our country and Wall Street has taken this for granted in the last thirty years .
Slowly we moved from an economy that valued work to a casino like economy that funneled money into Wall Street and whatever demand came after the spending of the corporatocracy was given as crumbs to the public .
This notion of “ jobless recovery ” is such an oxymoron .
How can we have a recovery while losing 8 million jobs ?
Just because bank bonuses are back to record breaking levels does not mean a recovery is in place .
Statistically we can massage the numbers however we like .
And what else would you expect ?
We pumped $ 14 trillion in bailouts , backstops , and gifts to bankers so of course something was bound to happen .
Even a mountain can move with enough force .
Yet where are the jobs ?
We should examine job gains after previous recessions to see the erosion of our middle class base :
Source : NBER
The above chart marks the month ending of all recessions since 1945 and how long it took to have a net positive month in job gains .
For the most part , jobs were added fairly quickly and in many cases the month right after the official end of the recession .
But starting in 2001 we start noticing this shift to the jobless recovery era .
Now why did this occur ?
Well for previous recessions the business cycle was easy to follow and track .
The economy pulled back and so did employment .
But once the economy got back on track demand followed and so did employment .
But since the banking oligarchs have taken over our economy , a gain in the economic indicators does not mean additional employment .
Since we now are largely importers we can buy cheap goods but have dismantled our goods producing base .
Ask yourself this , where did banks make their profits in 2009 ?
It definitely was n’t because employment boomed .
Demand has been mute .
So where did it come from ?
The profits came from gambling on exotic financial instruments all over the world with taxpayer money .
In other words , the recent stock market rally is artificial and no longer represents the economic reality for most Americans .
Another key indicator to look at is long - term unemployment :
It is amazing that the largest group of unemployed Americans falls under the long - term unemployed category .
Over 6,130,000 Americans fall in this group .
These are people that have been out of work for at least 27 weeks and will most likely , need to find a job in a different industry .
We ’ve discussed this in previous posts that the groups that took the biggest hits in this recession are manufacturing and construction .
The financial industry has contracted as well but nothing compared to what other sectors have .
The above chart should be indicative of where we are .
This recession may be over in terms of GDP increasing but remove the bailouts and the stimulus and you get a deep economic mess .
Plus , we have yet to add any net jobs .
Think about this , we ’ve added some $ 14 trillion in bailouts and backstops and we have yet to add a net job in the economy .
Is this really the reflection of a healthy economy ?
The middle class since the 1970s has seen their savings dwindle , their work week increase while their pay lags , and the cost of necessities like housing and healthcare zoom past any income gains .
Even with two income households many Americans are simply trying to make ends meet .
Even those who are doing well , those making enough to be hit with the Alternative Minimum Tax ( AMT ) are feeling the pinch as well .
Because in reality , the last decade has been a gift to the top 1 percent of the nation .
Think about how taxes play out .
Many of these people live off capital gains that are taxed at 15 percent while even a physician working 70 hours a week will need to pay the top federal tax bracket of someone actually working .
In other words , our system values people who put their money into the casino as opposed to working .
How else can we explain the cheerful smiles of Wall Street traders while the nationwide underemployment rate is up over 17 percent ?
How else can we explain the giddiness of bankers counting their bonuses while home values are still in the dumps for most Americans ?
The continuous chants of “ jobs lag the stock market ” are absolutely tiresome and in fact , wrong .
The current system is only waiting like a beggar hoping Wall Street creates enough demand so most Americans can get a piece of the action .
We already saw what this creates with the housing bubble .
You can enjoy the ride for a few years but you ’ll be kicked out once the fun is over .
While the public gets kabuki theater programs like HAMP bankers get bailed out 100 cents on the dollar like Goldman Sachs did through the AIG gift exchange .
In other words , this bailout is n’t for you and it certainly is n’t about creating jobs .
There is this argument about global bubbles .
Gold bubbles , a China bubble , another stock market bubble .
But take China for example .
Even though they are spending enormous amounts of money they have pumped billions into infrastructure projects that are at least building up their economy and putting people to work .
Engineering analysts for the U.S. estimate that we have about $ 2 trillion in infrastructure upgrade projects that we have delayed or simply ignored .
Why not take some of that $ 14 trillion and put it to at least reinforcing that core of our economic structure ?
I ’m not talking about building strip malls and dumping more money into the commercial real estate pit .
How about reinforcing our highways , bridges , universities , and other key components that make our economy strong and envied around the world ?
If we are going to spend at least spend in the right place .
Yet the irony of this is the Wall Street system still believes in a “ free market ” world yet they ’ve never even lived in anything resembling a free market .
Their idea of financial innovation is setting up credit cards with 79.9 percent interest rates and creating mortgages that harm your financial health when you ’re not looking .
People are focusing on places like Greece , no doubt a big problem but California has an economy that is 13 percent of U.S. GDP !
Michigan has a bigger GDP than Greece ( $ 357 billion ) yet so much attention is being given to this issue .
Our nation ’s number one GDP state has an underemployment rate of 21 percent and is on the precipice of financial insolvency .
Not only California , but other states .
In fact , many have been borrowing for their unemployment insurance funds trying to keep those long - term unemployed from going into despair :
Source : Propublica
Four enormous GDP states in California , Texas , Florida , and New York have bankrupt unemployment insurance funds and are now borrowing from the federal government who is also broke ( not broke enough to bailout Wall Street however ) .
How anyone can look at the above and claim we are in recovery is really beyond me .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
It 's as predictable a feature of the British winter as log fires and roasting chestnuts : a national outpouring of idiocy every time some snow falls .
Here 's what Martyn Brown says in today 's Express :
As one of the worst winters in 100 years grips the country , climate experts are still trying to claim the world is growing warmer .
There 's a clue as to where he might have gone wrong in that sentence : " country " has a slightly different meaning to " world " .
Buried at the bottom of the same article is the admission that " ... other areas including Alaska , Canada and the Mediterranean were warmer than usual . "
But that did n't stop Brown from using the occasion to note that " critics of the global warming lobby said the public were no longer prepared to be conned into believing that man-made emissions were adding to the problem . "
The ability to distinguish trends from complex random events is one of the traits that separates humans from the rest of the animal kingdom .
It is also the basis of all science ; detecting patterns , distinguishing between signal and noise , and the means by which the laws of physics , chemistry and biology are determined .
Now we are being asked to commit ourselves to the wilful stupidity of extrapolating a long - term trend from a single event .
The Express would have us return to the days in which the future course of human affairs could be predicted by solar eclipses and the appearance of comets .
It has clearly made a calculated decision in recent months that climate scepticism plays to its readership - and therefore shifts papers - just as the daily drip - feed of conspiracy theories about Princess Diana and Madeleine McCann has done in the past .
Brown is by no means alone in his idiocy .
On Sunday , the Telegraph and the Mail published almost identical articles ; one by Christopher Booker , the other by his long - term collaborator , Richard North .
Both claimed that the Met Office had predicted a mild winter , and that it had made this prediction because it has been " hijacked " by a group of fanatics - led first by its former chief executive Sir John Houghton , now by the current boss Robert Napier - who stand accused of seeking to to corrupt forecasts to make them conform to their theories on climate change .
If this story were true , it would be huge : the UK 's official weather forecasting service is deliberately changing its forecasts to make them fit a political agenda .
It would also be fantastically stupid , as forecasts can always be checked against delivery .
Booker and North offer no evidence to support this humongous conspiracy theory , just a load of unrelated facts cobbled together in the usual fashion .
Even their premise – that the Met Office " confidently predicted a warmer than average winter for Britain " - is wrong .
Here 's what it actually said :
Early indications are that it 's looking like temperatures will be near or above average .
But there 's still a one in seven chance of a cold winter – with temperatures below average .
No confidence there , no certainty , and no single prediction .
But Booker and North use the presumed contrast between the forecast ( which was , of course , for the whole winter ) and the current event to imply not only that climate change is a giant conspiracy coordinated by the Met Office , but that long - term temperatures are not rising .
North suggests that the regional cold snap derails the global temperature prediction for the whole of 2010 .
Echoing each other 's fantasies , extracting sweeping conclusions from single events , these two are like the Old Man and Ross in Macbeth .
John Redwood , the Tory MP for Wokingham , was at it in the Commons yesterday , too , when putting a question to Ed Miliband , after the secretary of state for climate change and energy had made a statement about the Copenhagen climate change conference .
Redwood :
Why are we in the northern hemisphere having such a very cold winter this year ?
Which climate model predicted that ?
Miliband : I can hardly believe that question , Mr Deputy Speaker .
The weather fluctuates , as anyone knows , and the notion that a cold spell in Britain disproves the science of climate change is something that I believe not even the Right Hon. Gentleman believes .
Redwood was evidently not happy with the " weather fluctuates " response and returned to the issue this morning on his blog :
I was expecting some answer that told me you can have severe winters within a pattern of global warming , with reference to some climate change model analysis which allowed for adverse variations within the assumed pattern of warming .
How wrong I was .
Instead Mr M threw his toys out of the pram , declined to offer a civil answer to a civil question , and told me the science of global warming was settled !
Some other MP from a sedentary position offered the profound advice that I needed to understand climate was different from weather .
It 's a pity really that he did n't listen to the profoundly obvious advice being offered by the MP in the sedentary position , but that would have undermined his climate scepticism that oh - so - conveniently chimes with his free - market , anti-EU , rightwing views .
But is n't that the story with so much of the climate scepticism on offer these days ?
It seems to be far less about genuine scientific scepticism and more about confirmation bias of a politicised world view .
One wonders , too , how Australia 's legion of climate sceptics are currently spinning today 's news from the country 's Bureau of Meteorology which states that the past 10 years were officially the hottest decade since records began .
Yes , it is colder than usual in some parts of the northern hemisphere , and warmer than usual in others .
Alaska and northern Canada are 5 - 10C warmer than the average for this time of year , so are North Africa and the Mediterranean .
The cold and the warmth could be related : the contrasting temperatures appear to be connected to blocks of high pressure preventing air flow between the land and the sea .
This is called weather , and , believe it or not , it is not always predictable and it changes quite often .
It is not the same as climate , and single events are not the same as trends .
Is this really so hard to understand ?
NARRAGANSETT , R.I. -
Had a lightning bolt struck Abe Nathanson between the eyes that day , the outcome could hardly have been more , shall we say , fruitful .
Four summers ago , a frustrated Nathanson was sitting at his dining room table , having lost yet another Scrabble game to his 11 - year - old grandson , Aaron .
It was n’t the loss that bothered Nathanson so much .
It was the two hours it had taken to play the game .
Staring at his letter tiles , Nathanson said , “ We need an anagrams game so fast , it ’ll drive you bananas . ’’
As the words came tumbling out , he began rearranging them in his head .
Anagrams .
Bananas .
Bananagrams .
Bingo .
In a flash , Nathanson had conceptualized one of the hottest games to hit the toy market in years .
Simple in design - no batteries , control sticks , cards , dice , or game board - yet challenging enough for grown - ups to play , Bananagrams is a fast - paced family word game packed inside a banana - shaped yellow pouch .
Named “ Game of the Year ’’ at the 2009 Toy Fair , it ’s expected to sell 2 million units this year in the US alone .
Worldwide , Bananagrams is currently available in 21 countries and six languages .
It even boasts its own iPhone app and Facebook page .
Can you spell P - H - E - N - O - M - E - N - O-N ?
“ It ’s a juggernaut , ’’ says Nathanson , who turned 80 this Thanksgiving and who looks and sounds like a character from “ Curb Your Enthusiasm , ’’ his favorite television show .
Nathanson expects sales of the game to double next year , eyeing markets like Brazil , where , as he puts it , “ they ’re crazy about bananas . ’’
Do n’t bet against him .
Capitalizing on word - of - mouth marketing , Bananagrams has climbed the charts without benefit of heavy advertising , a national sales force , or exposure in retail giants like Wal - Mart and Toys R Us , whom Nathanson refuses to do business with .
( “ It ’s a personal animus on my part , ’’ he admits .
“ They force too many small guys out of business . ’’)
Do n’t get him started , either , on the toy companies that regularly approach him with seven - figure buyout offers .
“ Obnoxious ’ ’ is about the mildest term he uses for them .
“ They treat me like I just fell off a banana truck , ’’ says Nathanson , sitting at the very table where Bananagrams first ripened four years ago .
“ We did n’t do this to get rich .
It ’s been a labor of love for my family , and we ’d rather leave it that way . ’’
IPTables : Fun with MARK
One thing that ’s always bugged me about IPTables is the lack of a way to use groups when writing rules , which can complicate things if you ’ve got a potentially large rulebase .
One way round this is to use something like fwbuilder , which gives you a graphical interface not unlike Checkpoint ‘s SmartDashboard GUI for their Firewall - 1 devices .
The downside to this , though , is that the resulting IPTables ruleset is far from legible – which , to be fair , is n’t the goal of fwbuilder – and this makes hacking about with the rules nearly impossible .
So what options are there ?
One way is to repeat the same rule for different sources or destinations , but this can quickly get messy , especially if there ’s multiple ports involved .
If there was a way we could group things together and keep them tidy , maintaining the rulebase would be a lot easier .
This is where MARK comes in .
The MARK target lets us set a 32 - bit value ( or 0xFFFFFFFF ) on a packet , which we can then look for later with the mark match .
This in itself can be useful , but where it gets really handy is adding the values together .
Starting out
To start off with , here ’s an example
# Create a new chain , which will in effect be our source ' group ' iptables -N S - TRUSTED #
Add our sources iptables -A S - TRUSTED -s 192.168.1.1/32 -j MARK -- set - xmark 0x8/0x0 iptables -A S-TRUSTED -s 192.168.2.0/24 -j MARK -- set - xmark 0x8/0x0 iptables -A S-TRUSTED -s 192.168.3.3/29 -j MARK -- set - xmark 0x8/0x0 # Create a chain for the destination group iptables -N D - DMZ # Add our DMZ machines iptables -A D- DMZ -d 10.1.1.1/32 -j MARK -- set - xmark 0x4/0x0 iptables -A D-DMZ -d 10.1.2.0/24 -j MARK -- set - xmark 0x4/0x0 # Create a chain for the services iptables -N D - SRV - MGMT #
Add our service iptables -A D- SRV - MGMT -p tcp -m tcp -- dport 22 -j MARK -- set - xmark 0x2/0x0 iptables -A D-SRV-MGMT -p tcp -m tcp -- dport 80 -j MARK -- set - xmark 0x2/0x0
So what we have now are three chains , which do the following
If the source matches , add 0x8 to the packet mark
to the packet mark
If the destination matches , add 0x4 to the packet mark
to the packet mark
If the service matches , add 0x2 to the packet mark
If you know your hexadecimal , you ’ll already know that if all of these are true , we ’ll come out with 0xE ( or 14 , in decimal ) .
Making the rule
Hopefully you ’ll see where we ’re going with this with the next example , which is our actual rule
# Create a new chain for our rule and add it to our FORWARD chain iptables -N R- ALLOW - DMZ - MGMT iptables -A FORWARD -j R-ALLOW -DMZ-MGMT #
Zero out the packet mark to make sure no previous rules interfere iptables -A R- ALLOW - DMZ - MGMT -j MARK -- set - xmark 0x0/0x0 # Jump to our ' source group ' chain iptables -A R- ALLOW - DMZ - MGMT -j S- TRUSTED # Jump to our ' destination group ' chain iptables -A R- ALLOW - DMZ - MGMT -j D - DMZ # Jump to our ' service group ' chain iptables -A R- ALLOW - DMZ -MGMT -j D-SRV -MGMT #
If the packet mark matches 0xE , then ACCEPT iptables -A R- ALLOW - DMZ-MGMT -m mark -- mark 0xE -j ACCEPT
And there we have it – if the packet matches the source , destination and service , the packet mark will be 0xE .
If , say , it matches everything except the destination , it ’ll come out as 0xC , which wo n’t match and so netfilter will carry on along the rest of the rules .
If you want processing to stop here , you could always add a LOG and REJECT / DROP target at the end of the R - ALLOW - DMZ - MGMT chain .
Negation
Sometimes we want to be able to say ‘ everything but that particular network ’ , whether it be for accepting or dropping packets .
We can do that with this , too
# Add a new chain for negating the source iptables -N S - NEGATE # XOR the current packet mark with 0x8 - our ' source match ' identifier iptables -A S - NEGATE -j MARK -- xor- mark 0x8
To use it , simply drop it in the R - ALLOW - DMZ - MGMT rule above after the jump to the S - TRUSTED chain , and if S - TRUSTED matched , it wo n’t any more , and vice versa .
To negate the destination and service matches , you ’ll need to create similar chains for ( for example ) D - NEGATE and D - SRV - NEGATE , replacing the 0x8 with 0x4 and 0x2 respectively .
Things to note
One downside of this method is that because of the way IPTables works , if you want to use the same set of networks and hosts as a source and a destination , you ’ll need to duplicate them , but match on the source or destination as appropriate .
Using the example given above , if we wanted a group with the same entries as S - TRUSTED , but matching on traffic going to them , we ’d need to create another group ( for example , D - TRUSTED ) , which will be identical save for the IP matches ( which will need changing to - d ) and the mask ( which will need setting to 0x4 instead of 0x8 ) .
Also , be careful if you ’re using packet marks to do something outside of netfilter ( say , for traffic control – which I ’ll cover in a future post ) .
One way round this is the facility to save the current packet mark to the current connection mark , or vice versa – if you go down this path then having a look at the iptables manpage for the MARK and CONNMARK targets will be useful .
Conclusions
This is an effective way of grouping hosts , networks and services within IPTables .
It can be quite a bit of work to start with to add all the groups , but once in place it makes writing rules a lot more logical .
Taking things further
One way which you could take this further would be to group interfaces together in a similar fashion , say by adding 0x10 to the packet , and then matching on 0x1E rather than 0xE .
Usefully , if you send the packet out to syslog with the LOG target , netfilter will print out the current packet mark at the end of the log message as MARK=0xN , which can be useful when debugging .
World economy likely to crash and burn if it keeps gorging on debt , Kenneth Rogoff , professor of economics at Harvard University , told CNBC in Davos Thursday .
Tom Glocer , CEO of Thomson - Reuters added that some of the weakness from last year still has to be worked through .
His parents said in a statement : " If you knew David , you had to love him - it was impossible not to .
And in David 's own words , ' If you did n't know me , hard luck ' .
He will always be in our hearts . "
Editor 's note : Bruce Schneier is a security technologist , and author of " Beyond Fear : Thinking Sensibly About Security in an Uncertain World . "
You can read more of his writing at http://www.schneier.com/
( CNN ) -- The Underwear Bomber failed .
And our reaction to the failed plot is failing as well , by focusing on the specifics of this made - for - a - movie plot rather than the broad threat .
While our reaction is predictable , it 's not going to make us safer .
We 're going to beef up airport security , because Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab allegedly snuck a bomb through a security checkpoint .
We 're going to intensively screen Nigerians , because he is Nigerian .
We 're going to field full body scanners , because they might have noticed the PETN that authorities say was hidden in his underwear .
And so on .
We 're doing these things even though security worked .
The security checkpoints , even at their pre-9/11 levels , forced whoever made the bomb to construct a much worse bomb than he would have otherwise .
Instead of using a timer or a plunger or another reliable detonation mechanism , as would any commercial user of PETN , he had to resort to an ad hoc homebrew -- and a much more inefficient one , involving a syringe , and 20 minutes in the lavatory , and we do n't know exactly what else -- that did n't explode .
At that point , AbdulMutallab 's fellow passengers quickly subdued him .
Yes , the screeners did n't notice any PETN in his underwear , but the system was never intended to catch that particular tactic .
There probably were intelligence failures -- why was n't his father 's tip followed up on , and why was n't his visa revoked ? -- but it 's always easy to connect the dots in hindsight .
We 're doing these things even though this particular plot was chosen precisely because we were n't screening for it ; future al Qaeda attacks rarely look like past attacks ; and the terrorist threat is far broader than attacks against airplanes .
We 're doing these things even though airplane terrorism is incredibly rare , the risk is no greater today than it was in previous decades , the taxi to the airport is still more dangerous than the flight , and ten times as many Americans are killed by lightning as by terrorists .
In fact , we 're focusing on the specifics of the plot , not despite these facts , but because of them .
The Underwear Bomber is precisely the sort of story we humans tend to overreact to .
Our brains are n't very good at probability and risk analysis , especially when it comes to rare events .
Our brains are much better at processing the simple risks we 've had to deal with throughout most of our species ' existence , and much poorer at evaluating the complex risks modern society forces us to face .
We exaggerate spectacular rare events , and downplay familiar and common ones .
We can see the effects of this all the time .
We fear being murdered , kidnapped , raped and assaulted by strangers , when it 's far more likely that the perpetrator of such offenses is a relative or a friend .
We fear school shootings , even though a school is almost always the safest place a child can be .
We worry about shark attacks instead of fatal dog or pig attacks -- both far more common .
In the U.S. , over 38,000 people die each year in car crashes ; that 's as many deaths as 9/11 each and every month , year after year .
Overreacting to the rare and spectacular is natural .
We tend to base risk analysis on personal story rather than on data .
If a friend gets mugged in a foreign country , that story is more likely to affect how safe you feel in that country than abstract crime statistics .
We give storytellers we have a relationship with more credibility than we give strangers , and stories that are close to us more weight than stories from foreign lands .
And who is everyone 's major storyteller these days ?
Television .
I tell people that if it's in the news , do n't worry about it .
The very definition of " news " is " something that hardly ever happens . "
It 's when something is n't in the news , when it 's so common that it 's no longer news -- car crashes , domestic violence -- that you should start worrying .
But that 's not the way we think .
The more an event is talked about , the more probable we think it is .
The more vivid our thoughts about the event are -- again , think television -- the more easily we remember it and the more convincing it is .
So when faced with a very available and highly vivid event like the Underwear Bomber , 9/11 , or a child kidnapping in a playground , we overreact .
We get scared .
And once we 're scared , we need to " do something " -- even if that something does n't make sense and is ineffective .
We need to do something directly related to the story that 's making us scared .
We implement full body scanners at airports .
We pass the Patriot Act .
We do n't let our children go to playgrounds unsupervised .
Instead of implementing effective , but more general , security measures to reduce the overall risk , we concentrate on making the fearful story go away .
Yes , it 's security theater , but it makes us feel safer .
As circular as it sounds , rare events are rare primarily because they do n't occur very often , and not because of any preventive security measures .
If you want to do something that makes security sense , figure out what 's common among a bunch of rare events , and concentrate your countermeasures there .
Focus on the general risk of terrorism , and not the specific threat of airplane bombings using PETN - filled underwear .
Focus on the general risk of troubled teens , and not the specific threat of a lone gunman wandering around a school .
Ignore the movie - plot threats , and concentrate on the real risks .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Schneier .
That they processed aboard the enormous floating wildlife collection two - by - two is well known .
Less familiar , however , is the possibility that the animals Noah shepherded on to his ark then went round and round inside .
According to newly translated instructions inscribed in ancient Babylonian on a clay tablet telling the story of the ark , the vessel that saved one virtuous man , his family and the animals from god 's watery wrath was not the pointy - prowed craft of popular imagination but rather a giant circular reed raft .
The now battered tablet , aged about 3,700 years , was found somewhere in the Middle East by Leonard Simmons , a largely self - educated Londoner who indulged his passion for history while serving in the RAF from 1945 to 1948 .
The relic was passed to his son Douglas , who took it to one of the few people in the world who could read it as easily as the back of a cornflakes box ; he gave it to Irving Finkel , a British Museum expert , who translated its 60 lines of neat cuneiform script .
There are dozens of ancient tablets that have been found which describe the flood story but Finkel says this one is the first to describe the vessel 's shape .
" In all the images ever made people assumed the ark was , in effect , an ocean - going boat , with a pointed stem and stern for riding the waves – so that is how they portrayed it , " said Finkel .
" But the ark did n't have to go anywhere , it just had to float , and the instructions are for a type of craft which they knew very well .
It 's still sometimes used in Iran and Iraq today , a type of round coracle which they would have known exactly how to use to transport animals across a river or floods . "
Finkel 's research throws light on the familiar Mesopotamian story , which became the account in Genesis , in the Old Testament , of Noah and the ark that saved his menagerie from the waters which drowned every other living thing on earth .
In his translation , the god who has decided to spare one just man speaks to Atram - Hasis , a Sumerian king who lived before the flood and who is the Noah figure in earlier versions of the ark story .
" Wall , wall !
Reed wall , reed wall !
Atram - Hasis , pay heed to my advice , that you may live forever !
Destroy your house , build a boat ; despise possessions
And save life !
Draw out the boat that you will built with a circular design ;
Let its length and breadth be the same . "
The tablet goes on to command the use of plaited palm fibre , waterproofed with bitumen , before the construction of cabins for the people and wild animals .
It ends with the dramatic command of Atram - Hasis to the unfortunate boat builder whom he leaves behind to meet his fate , about sealing up the door once everyone else is safely inside : " When I shall have gone into the boat , Caulk the frame of the door ! "
Fortunes were spent in the 19th century by biblical archaeology enthusiasts in hunts for evidence of Noah 's flood .
The Mesopotamian flood myth was incorporated into the great poetic epic Gilgamesh , and Finkel , curator of the recent British Museum exhibition on ancient Babylon , believes that it was during the Babylonian captivity that the exiled Jews learned the story , brought it home with them , and incorporated it into the Old Testament .
Despite its unique status , Simmons ' tablet – which has been dated to around 1,700 BC and is only a few centuries younger than the oldest known account – was very nearly overlooked .
" When my dad eventually came home , he shipped a whole tea chest of this kind of stuff home – seals , tablets , bits of pottery , " said Douglas .
" He would have picked them up in bazaars , or when people knew he was interested in this sort of thing , they would have brought them to him and earned a few bob . "
Simmons senior became a scenery worker at the BBC , but kept up his love of history , and was very disappointed when academics dismissed treasures of his as commonplace and worthless .
His son took the tablet to a British Museum open day , where Finkel " took one look at it and nearly fell off his chair " with excitement .
" It is the most extraordinary thing , " Simmons said of the tablet .
" You hold it in your hand , and you instantly get a feeling that you are directly connected to a very ancient past – and it gives you a shiver down your spine . "
[ digg- reddit-me ]
When the press mentions the online hordes who gathered on the tubes of the internets to push Obama to victory , they are talking about people like me .
I started a blog because ( along with my unhealthy compulsion to write ) I decided to support Obama in 2007 ; I raised several thousand dollars from dozens of my friends and online contacts ; I sent out emails making the case for Obama to my family ; I bought a sign to place in my front yard and attended rallies in Brooklyn and Manhattan ; I fought against smears in emails and in the social media ( on reddit , on digg , on Stumbleupon , on Facebook , and on discussion boards ) ; and on November 4 , 2008 , for the first time in my life , I walked out of the polling center proud of who I had cast my vote for .
A year on , there has been much commentary about what people like me think now – the young , the wired , the inspired .
Were we were just naive and now feel fooled by Obama ’s promise of “ Hope , change , blah , blah , blah , ” as speechwriter Jon Favreau referred to the Obama ’s magic formula ?
Do we think that Obama sold - out to the banks and health insurance industry ?
Has he disappointed us with his escalation in Afghanistan ?
Certainly , a good portion of the left has turned against Obama with the passion of scorned lovers – as demonstrated by the histrionic pronouncements of Howard Dean ( who denounced the health care bill as a “ bigger bailout for the insurance industry than AIG “ ) and the Village Voice ( which labeled the president , “ George W. Obama . ” )
I cannot speak for all of my fellow liberal bloggers , my fellow redditors , my fellow Obama supporters – but I , for one , am not disappointed .
During the campaign , I saw Obama as – and exhorted others to support him because – he was an idealistic tinkerer .
He inspired with his grand rhetoric but his policy proposals and instincts were epistemologically modest .
He understood that the status quo was difficult to change , and that change brought with it its own perils .
His proposals sought to pragmatically improve our society a bit at a time – creating processes that would allow for organic change rather than imposing radical top - down measures .
For anyone who took the time to investigate his policy proposals , this was clear – that Obama had learned deeply the lessons of Ronald Reagan and the conservative movement – that centralized government action always had unanticipated consequences ; yet at the same time , Obama had not rejected the lessons of Franklin Roosevelt and Bill Clinton – that government could also do much good , that collective action was needed to shape our society , and that times of crisis called for , “ bold , persistent experimentation . ”
Obama has met my high expectations ; he has governed seriously and with bipartisan substance .
His Congressionalist approach has led to a string of legislative accomplishments rarely seen in Washington and a stronger record of spending cuts than George W. Bush .
( Though his predecessor admittedly did not set the highest standard . )
He passed a massive stimulus bill supported by policy wonks on the left and right , composed of more than a third tax cuts , but including much needed funding for education , infrastructure , and technological innovation .
He pulled the nation back from the brink of a financial crisis and recession without nationalizing the banks or bailing them out yet again .
He moved America back from the panicked emergency measures adopted by George W. Bush in the aftermath of September 11 .
He salvaged some deal from Copenhagen despite the Chinese attempts to undercut America ’s position .
He appointed a moderate , liberal pragmatist to the Supreme Court .
He has made many long - term bets in domestic and foreign policy which we have yet to see play out .
And of course , there is his attempt at health care reform – combining the most significant attempt at cost control in a generation with the most significant expansion of access to medical insurance .
( The two goals being surprisingly compatible as Milton Friedman acknowledged . )
Though this last bill still has not had its fate decided , these are serious and substantial accomplishments that form the basis of a solid legacy .
Yet Obama has n’t been able to achieve his core promise : to overcome the Freak Show that has dominated our political discourse for a generation .
This is the one profound disappointment I have with Obama ’s presidency to date .
His core promise ( which helped him defeat Senator Clinton ) was that he would be better able to move past the rabid partisanship and petty squabbles of the Baby Boomers – that he could surmount the influence of the “ idiocrats ” on our political conversations , as they jumped from petty scandal to scandal , from one moment of faux outrage to another .
This Freak
Show that dominated our political conversation forced politicians to treat their constituents as children incapable of understanding either why their leaders might be less than perfect or that they could not both lower taxes and increase spending forever .
As Obama addressed the issue of Reverend Wright in his campaign , he proved he was capable – at least for a moment – of surmounting this Freak Show mentality , treating the American people as if they were adults capable to wrestling with the difficult issues of race and religion .
But since this moment , Obama has seemed unable to fully rise above this Freak Show .
With the Tea Party demonstrations in August 2009 rallying against “ death panels , ” handouts to illegal immigrants , “ government mandated abortion ” and other myths that were useful in rallying the Republican base ( if not in describing the bill ) , he seemed finally to have lost the conversation .
Those with legitimate and conservative concerns , as well as those with progressive ones , were overshadowed by the inchoate anger of the hysterical .
Now that Scott Brown has replaced Ted Kennedy – and with the pundits and media figures and Republicans circling – the Freak Show has declared health care reform dead .
Again .
For Obama to resurrect this bill , to restore the momentum in his presidency , and prove he is capable of governing and dealing with long - term issues ( rather than the political posturing which have marked the past 15 years ) , he will need to break the hold that the idiocrats have over our political discourse and reconnect with his grassroots supporters instead of playing the inside Washington game .
While Obama spent his first year focused on governing and policy , with his State of the Union last night , Obama began to focus on the political task of getting the American people behind him as he attempts to tackle the difficult , long - term issues that have been festering for so long unaddressed by our dysfunctional politics .
We should remember one thing as Tea Party supporters jubilantly support their momentum and energy with Scott Brown ’s election : 14 months is a very long time in this political age .
Interpreting political movements in light of the Feiler Faster thesis , it ’s not surprising that it was just 14 months ago that the Obama grass roots which seemed ascendant now seem dormant ; and 14 months from the August birth of the Tea Party movement happens to be November 2010 .
[ Image not subject to copyright . ]
Like Loading ...
by ·
Tea has been enjoyed for millennia by cultures all around the world and used for medicinal purposes as well .
Scientific research in recent decades has shown that drinking tea is actually very healthy .
Most of the research has been on green tea , and many people are well aware of green tea ’s antioxidant power .
However , white tea has often been underreported and many people are not familiar with the health benefits of drinking white tea .
The following paragraphs will outline more about this lesser known tea and how it can contribute to good health .
What is white tea ?
White tea comes from the same plant as green tea , but is picked earlier in the season while the leaves are not fully opened and covered in fine white hair .
The leaves receive very little processing and are steamed instead of air - dried .
This helps the leaves remain in a nearly natural state , and most importantly , retain high amounts of antioxidants .
Antioxidants
Antioxidants are touted for their ability to help the body eliminate free radicals , which over time cause cellular damage that can lead to a variety of health problems .
Because white tea goes through so little processing antioxidants are three times as high as in green tea .
To put this in another perspective , a cup of white tea contains 12 times the antioxidant content of a glass of orange juice .
White tea contains three main antioxidants from the catechin family ; epicatechin , epicatechin gallate , and epigallocatechin , or EGCG .
EGCG is the most potent and makes up 50 % of the antioxidant content .
Studies have shown EGCG to be up to 100 times more active and potent that vitamins A and C .
Obesity , Blood Pressure and Cholesterol
Some of the health benefits of drinking white tea include protecting the body from obesity , blood pressure and choloesterol .
White tea contains caffeine , less than green tea , but still enough to help elevate the metabolism .
Caffeine works in tandem with EGCG to activate a process called thermogenesis .
This process stimulates the nervous system to release fat into the blood stream to be used as fuel .
Further , white tea may be able to prevent the growth of new fat cells .
Other studies have shown that white tea help to improve artery function , leading to better circulation and lower blood pressure .
In addition , the antioxidants in white tea can help to lower cholesterol and prevent arteries from hardening .
Cancer Prevention
The elimination of free radicals helps to prevent many forms of cancer .
Drinking white tea regularly can help to reduce the risk of skin , lung , colon and other cancers .
In addition to the catechins white tea contains flavonoids , another type of antioxidant , which help to prevent the development of new cancer cells .
Anti-bacterial
Researchers have found that white tea has the ability to inhibit the growth of bacteria , particularly those of Staphylococcus , Streptococcus and pneumonia .
In addition to stimulating the immune system to fight disease , white tea can help to eliminate some of the bacteria that cause illness .
Comments
“ Without question , the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer .
Oh , I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention , but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza . ”
- Dave Barry “ Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy . ” - Benjamin Franklin
“ He was a wise man who invented beer . ” - Plato
Yes , beer is pretty great .
But it also has a very weird history , as these facts attest .
1 .
The Earliest Beer Recipe
Beer brewing dates to almost 6000 BC .
However , it was the Sumerians around 2000 BC who really loved the stuff .
Their plaques and carvings often center on people or gods drinking from large jars of beer .
A hymn to one of their most important goddesses , Ninkasi , is actually a very detailed explanation of how to make beer ; this was helpful in a society that was almost entirely illiterate .
Want to make some beer but ca n’t read the recipe ?
Just start reciting the hymn and you ’re set .
Beer was so important that the average Sumerian could n’t be bothered to stop drinking it for anything apparently , as there is a carving of a woman drinking out of a beer jug in the middle of sexual intercourse .
That ’s some dedication to your booze .
Link
2 .
Beer is Dangerous
For your liver , obviously .
But beer brewing is also a dangerous process due to the chances of bottles exploding , as today ’s home brewers know .
Sometimes , however , you get beer destruction on an even larger scale .
At a London brewery in 1814 , a vat containing more than 100,000 gallons of ale exploded , sending the beer rushing down the street through poor residential areas .
It destroyed two houses and one pub , killing nine people in the process .
However , one of those people only had himself to blame .
When the beer settled into the gutters , people , enticed by free booze ( even if it did have bits of road in it ) , rushed to the streets to drink it .
A gentleman indulged a little too much and died from alcohol poisoning the next day .
Link
3 .
People will do anything for Beer
Seriously , they will .
During Prohibition in America people took to drinking hair tonic and posing as members of the clergy to get alcohol .
Sometimes people come together on a large scale in the never ending quest for free beer .
In Australia on Easter weekend in 2001 , a beer truck blew a tire and overturned into a river .
The driver was able to escape but his cargo sank to the bottom of the river .
Hearing about the accident , people gathered at the scene , some in full scuba gear , and spent the entire weekend recovering the beer .
One man managed to get 400 bottles .
Did they return it to the company ?
Of course not .
Despite a warning from police that what they were doing was theft , the divers took off with the whole lot .
Link
4 .
Brewing is Woman ’s Work
In ancient and medieval times the job of making beer fell to women .
In some cultures it was considered such an honor that only beautiful or noble women could do it .
In medieval Europe brewing was one of a housewife ’s regular tasks , just like cooking and cleaning and baby making .
Some of these women became famous for being exceptional brewers and started supplying people other than their own families .
You never knew what you were getting though .
One brewer let her chickens roost over her beer vats and when they defecated would simply stir the refuse into the beer .
Yummy .
Link
5 .
Religious Beer
The few beer producers who were n’t women tended to be monks .
Monasteries have a rich history of brewing beer in order to refresh tired travelers and to sell to make money to run the monastery .
Today some still have active breweries , especially the Trappist Monks in Belgium and the Netherlands .
Trappists make beer in order to remain entirely self - sufficient , allowing them to run their monasteries on the money they make from the brewery and that alone .
So , strangely , while some religions look down upon or even forbid the consumption of alcohol , others have making beer as a tenant of their doctrine .
The most famous monk - made beer produced today is probably Chimay .
Link
( CNN ) -- Foreign correspondents in at least two Beijing , China , bureaus of news organizations have had their Google e-mail accounts attacked , with e-mails forwarded to a mysterious address , according to the Foreign Correspondents ' Club of China .
In an advisory posted on its Web site , the organization advised members how to check if their Gmail had been compromised and urged caution when clicking on links and e-mail attachments .
The advisory did not name the news organizations affected .
In September the correspondents ' club warned that journalists ' news assistants were reporting being the victims of e-mail viruses sent by purported media organizations .
One such e-mail claimed to be from an editor of The Straits Times in Singapore .
The attacks on foreign correspondents '
Gmail accounts follows
Google 's threat last week to pull its business operations out of China , citing the targeting of Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists .
In a posting on The Official Google Blog last week , Google 's chief legal officer , David Drummond , said that an investigation found that only two Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists " appear to have been accessed , and that activity was limited to account information ( such as the date the account was created ) and subject line , rather than the content of e-mails themselves . "
However , Drummond noted that the same investigation found that third parties routinely accessed the accounts of " dozens of U.S. - , China - , and Europe - based Gmail users who are advocates of human rights in China " via malware or phishing scams .
ANALYSIS : THE ANNOUNCEMENT that the Saudi Arabian government will seek to open a school in Ireland brings into sharp focus problems inherent in the relationship between religious groups and our education system , writes RONAN McCREA
Irish education , though largely State - funded is , for the most part , controlled by religious organisations .
More than 90 per cent of primary schools , for example , operate under the patronage of the local bishop .
The religious patrons of these schools have the right to promote the religious ethos of their school .
This ethos can cover the use of prayer during the school day and the presence in classrooms of religious symbols such as the crucifix , whose presence in Italian state schools has recently been held to violate the European Convention on Human Rights .
EU employment law has provided an exemption from the principle of non-discrimination in employment to allow these schools to discriminate against staff in order to protect their religious identity .
This exemption was inserted into Directive 2000 / 78 largely at the behest of the Irish Government .
There are , of course , limits on the power of religious organisations within the education system .
The state has the right to insist on certain educational standards and can prescribe the curriculum to be followed .
Nevertheless , the current nature of the role of religion within the Irish educational system is extremely problematic .
First , the State ’s approach undermines the rights of parents and pupils to religious freedom .
By using State money to fund religious schools and failing to provide for a religiously neutral alternative , the State effectively requires those of minority or no faith to receive their education in a context where a particular faith , with which parents or pupils may disagree , is exalted and actively promoted .
The European Court of Human Rights recently ruled in the Lautsi case that to require children to be educated in classrooms where crucifixes were displayed violated their right not to be subject to state - sponsored religious proselytism in the education system .
The reality of the Irish educational system goes way beyond the situation condemned as a breach of religious freedom in Lautsi .
Not only does our system violate our European obligations , it is also contrary to any reasonable reading of Article 44.2.4 of the Constitution , which says : “ Legislation providing State aid for schools . . . shall not be such as to affect prejudicially the right of any child to attend a school receiving public money without attending religious instruction at that school . ”
By permitting entrenched religions to run schools , the State cannot refuse the requests of religious groups , which may promote values contrary to liberal and democratic norms , to run Irish schools .
Almost all religions , including mainstream Christian faiths , have controversial views on matters such as gender and sexuality .
However , Wahhabi Islam , which is the form of Islam endorsed by the Saudi government , includes teachings which contravene the basic norms of democratic societies .
The Saudi regime does not permit the construction in Saudi Arabia of any non-Islamic religious structures , actively subjugates women , and advocates the death penalty for homosexuality or for leaving the Islamic faith .
Saudi - funded schools in other countries have repeatedly been criticised for promoting prejudice against non-Muslims and anti-Semitism .
The idea that the Irish education system could become a vehicle for the transmission of these norms is abhorrent .
Our system of denominational control of education makes it difficult for the State to refuse an application to establish a school from a government which actively supports gender apartheid , homophobia and suppression of religious freedom .
If Catholics are free to establish State - funded schools , why not Wahhabi Muslims ?
The only solution is for the State to realise that the publicly funded education system is no place for the promotion of particular religions .
Only a religiously neutral State education system can protect the education system from becoming a vehicle through which democratic values are undermined .
Furthermore , the separation of religious and State education systems will also protect the free conscience rights of religions which may otherwise be forced by the State to promote , through their schools , ideas such as gender equality in which some of them may not believe .
It is perhaps inevitable that in the longer term our European human rights commitments will force us to live up to the values of our own Constitution in the area of religion and education .
It would be better for the Government to take steps to embrace religious freedom for pupils , parents and religious organisations by establishing a religiously neutral system , rather than to have change imposed from the outside .
A new system would avoid the shocking scenario of the promotion in this State of the anti-democratic illiberal values of the Saudi monarchy .
Ronan McCrea , a graduate of Trinity College , Dublin , lectures in law at the University of Reading
… having said that , spending a lot of time on the internet , as I have
since 2002 , has rubbed my nose in something that had n’t really bothered
me before then : namely just how overwritten so many books and magazine
articles are .
Seymour Hersh ?
He ’s great .
You could also cut every one
of his pieces by at least 50 % and lose exactly nothing .
And I ’m not
picking on Hersh .
At a guess , I ’d say that two - thirds of the magazine
pieces I read could be sliced by nearly a third or more without losing
much .
That ’s true of a lot of books too .
Here is the full piece , by Kevin Drum .
My view is that many readers want overwritten books to tranquillize themselves , just as they enjoy dull , soothing voices on the radio .
Readers , do you agree that most books are overwritten ?
Please write your opinion of Kevin Drum ’s point in the comments and feel free to refer to specific books .
My favorite rock star , the extraordinary Hillel , would like to again create a song from your opinions .
I will link to the song once it is ready .
Hillel assures me that the quality of his song will reflect the quality of your input .
Be poetic !
Think music !
Overwrite , if you wish !
In last week 's global security and intelligence report , we discussed the recent call by the leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , Nasir al - Wahayshi , for jihadists to conduct simple attacks against a variety of targets in the Muslim world and the West .
We also noted how it is relatively simple to conduct such attacks against soft targets using improvised explosive devices , guns or even knives and clubs .
The next day , a lone gunman , U.S. Army Maj .
Nidal Malik Hasan , opened fire on a group of soldiers at Fort Hood , Texas .
The victims were in the Soldier Readiness Processing Center , a facility on the base where troops are prepared for deployment and where they take care of certain processing tasks such as completing insurance paperwork and receiving medical examinations and vaccinations .
Even though the targets of Hasan 's attack were soldiers , they represented a very soft target in this environment .
Most soldiers on bases inside the United States are normally not armed and are only provided weapons for training .
The only personnel who regularly carry weapons are the military police and the base civilian police officers .
In addition to being unarmed , the soldiers at the center were closely packed together in the facility as they waited to proceed from station to station .
The unarmed , densely packed mass of people allowed Hasan to kill 13 ( 12 soldiers and one civilian employee of the center ) and wound 42 others when he opened fire .
Hasan is a U.S. - born Muslim who , according to STRATFOR sources and media accounts , has had past contact with jihadists , including the radical Imam Anwar al - Awlaki .
Al - Awlaki is a U.S. - born imam who espouses a jihadist ideology and who was discussed at some length in the 9/11 commission report for his links to 9/11 hijackers Khalid al - Midhar and Nawaf al - Hazmi .
Al - Awlaki , who is currently living in Yemen and reportedly has contacts with al Qaeda , posted a message on his Web site Nov. 9 praising Hasan 's actions .
Despite Hasan 's connections to al - Awlaki and other jihadists , it is unknown at this point if he was even aware of al - Wahayshi's recent message calling for simple attacks , and therefore it is impossible to tell if his attack was in response to it .
However , one thing that is certain is that investigators examining Hasan 's computer hard drive , e-mail traffic and Internet history will be looking into that possibility , along with other indications that Hasan was linked to radicals .
We noted last week that by their very nature , individual actors and small cells are very difficult for the government to detect .
They must somehow identify themselves by contacting a government informant or another person who reports them to the authorities , attend a militant training camp or conduct correspondence with a person or organization under government scrutiny .
In the Hasan case , it now appears that Hasan did self - identify by making radical statements to people he worked with , who reported him to the authorities .
It also appears that he had correspondence with people such as al - Awlaki , whom the government was monitoring .
Because of this behavior , Hasan brought himself to the attention of the Department of Defense , the FBI and the CIA .
The fact that Hasan was able to commit this attack after bringing government attention to himself could be due to a number of factors .
Chief among them is the fact that it is tactically impossible for a government to identify every aspiring militant actor and to pre-empt every act of violence .
The degree of difficulty is increased greatly if an actor does indeed act alone and does not give any overt clues through his actions or his communications of his intent to attack .
Because of this , the Hasan case provides an excellent opportunity to examine national security investigations and their utility and limitations .
The Nature of Intelligence Investigations
The FBI will typically open up an intelligence investigation ( usually referred to as a national security investigation ) in any case where there is an indication or allegation that a person is involved in terrorist activity but there is no evidence that a specific law has been broken .
Many times these investigations are opened up due to a lead passed by the CIA , National Security Agency or a foreign liaison intelligence service .
Other times an FBI investigation can come as a spin - off from another FBI counterterrorism investigation already under way or be prompted by a piece of information collected by an FBI informant or even by a tip from a concerned citizen — like the flight instructors who alerted the FBI to the suspicious behavior of some foreign flight students prior to the 9/11 attacks .
In such a case , the FBI case agent in charge of the investigation will open a preliminary inquiry , which gives the agent a limited window of time to look into the matter .
If no indication of criminal activity is found , the preliminary inquiry must be closed unless the agent receives authorization from the special agent in charge of his division and FBI headquarters to extend it .
If , during the preliminary inquiry , the investigating agents find probable cause that a crime has been committed , the FBI will open a full - fledged criminal investigation into the case , similar to what we saw in the case of Luqman Ameen Abdullah and his followers in Detroit .
One of the large problems in national security investigations is separating the wheat from the chaff .
Many leads are based on erroneous information or a misidentification of the suspect — there is a huge issue associated with the confusion caused by the transliteration of Arabic names and the fact that there are many people bearing the same names .
Jihadists also have the tendency to use multiple names and identities .
And there are many cases in which people will falsely report a person to the FBI out of malice .
Because of these factors , national security investigations proceed slowly and usually do not involve much ( if any ) contact with the suspect and his close associates .
If the suspect is a real militant planning a terrorist attack , investigators do not want to tip him off , and if he is innocent , they do not want to sully his reputation by showing up and overtly interviewing everyone he knows .
Due to its controversial history of domestic intelligence activities , the FBI has become acutely aware of its responsibility to protect privacy rights and civil liberties guaranteed by the Constitution and other laws .
And the rights guaranteed under the Constitution do complicate these national security investigations .
It is not illegal for someone to say that Muslims should attack U.S. troops due to their operations in Iraq and Afghanistan , or that more Muslims should conduct attacks like the June 1 shooting at a recruiting center in Little Rock , Ark. — things that Hasan is reported to have said .
Radical statements and convictions are not illegal — although they certainly would appear to be conduct unbecoming a U.S. Army officer .
( We will leave to others the discussion of the difficulties in dealing with problem officers who are minorities and doctors and who owe several years of service in return for their education . )
There are also many officers and enlisted soldiers in the U.S.
Army who own personal weapons and who use them for self - defense , target shooting or hunting .
There is nothing extraordinary or illegal about a U.S. Army major owning personal weapons .
With no articulable violation of U.S. law , the FBI would have very little to act upon in a case like Hasan's .
Instead , even if they found cause to extend their preliminary inquiry , they would be pretty much limited to monitoring his activities ( and perhaps his communications , with a court order ) and waiting for a law to be violated .
In the Hasan case , it would appear that the FBI did not find probable cause that a law had been violated before he opened fire at Fort Hood .
Although perhaps if the FBI had been watching his activities closely and with an eye toward " the how " of terrorist attacks , they might have noticed him conducting preoperational surveillance of the readiness center and even a dry run of the attack .
Of course , in addition to just looking for violations of the law , the other main thrust of a national security investigation is to determine whom the suspect is connected to and whom he is talking to or planning with .
In past cases , such investigations have uncovered networks of jihadist actors working together in the United States , Canada , Europe and elsewhere .
However , if all Hasan did in his correspondence with people such as al - Awlaki was exercise his First Amendment right to hold radical convictions , and if he did not engage in any type of conspiracy to conduct an attack , he did not break the law .
Another issue that complicates national security cases is that they are almost always classified at the secret level or above .
This is understandable , considering they are often opened based upon intelligence produced by sensitive intelligence programs .
However , this classification means that only those people with the proper clearance and an established need to know can be briefed on the case .
It is not at all unusual for the FBI to visit a high - ranking official at another agency to brief the official on the fact that the FBI is conducting a classified national security investigation involving a person working for the official 's agency .
The rub is that they will frequently tell the official that he or she is not at liberty to share details of the investigation with other individuals in the agency because they do not have a clear need to know .
The FBI agent will also usually ask the person briefed not to take any action against the target of the investigation , so that the investigation is not compromised .
While some people will disagree with the FBI 's determination of who really needs to know about the investigation and go on to brief a wider audience , many officials are cowed by the FBI and sit on the information .
Of course , the size of an organization is also a factor in the dissemination of information .
The Department of Defense and the U.S. Army are large organizations , and it is possible that officials at the Pentagon or the Army 's Criminal Investigation Command ( still known by its old acronym CID ) headquarters at Fort Belvoir , Va. , were briefed on the case and that local officials at Fort Hood were not .
The Associated Press is now reporting that the FBI had alerted a Defense Criminal Investigative Service agent assigned to the Joint Terrorism Task Force ( JTTF ) in Washington about Hasan 's contacts with al - Awlaki , and ABC reports that the Defense Department is denying the FBI notified them .
It would appear that the finger - pointing and bureaucratic blame - shifting normally associated with such cases has begun .
Even more severe problems would have plagued the dissemination of information from the CIA to local commanders and CID officers at Fort Hood .
Despite the intelligence reforms put in place after the 9/11 attacks , the U.S. government still faces large obstacles when it comes to sharing intelligence information with law enforcement personnel .
Criminal Acts vs. Terrorism
So far , the Hasan shooting investigation is being run by the Army CID , and the FBI has been noticeably — and uncharacteristically — absent from the scene .
As the premier law enforcement agency in the United States , the FBI will often assume authority over investigations where there is even a hint of terrorism .
Since 9/11 , the number of FBI / JTTF offices across the country has been dramatically increased , and the JTTFs are specifically charged with investigating cases that may involve terrorism .
Therefore , we find the FBI 's absence in this case to be quite out of the ordinary .
However , with Hasan being a member of the armed forces , the victims being soldiers or army civilian employees and the incident occurring at Fort Hood , the case would seem to fall squarely under the mantle of the Uniform Code of Military Justice ( UCMJ ) .
From a prosecutorial perspective , a homicide trial under the UCMJ should be very tidy and could be quickly concluded .
It will not involve all the potential loose ends that could pop up in a federal terrorism trial , especially when those loose ends involve what the FBI and CIA knew about Hasan , when they learned it and who they told .
Also , politically , there are some who would like to see the Hasan case remain a criminal matter rather than a case of terrorism .
Following the shooting death of Luqman Ameen Abdullah and considering the delicate relationship between Muslim advocacy groups and the U.S. government , some people would rather see Hasan portrayed as a mentally disturbed criminal than as an ideologically driven lone wolf .
Despite the CID taking the lead in prosecuting the case , the classified national security investigation by the CIA and FBI into Hasan and his possible connections to jihadist elements is undoubtedly continuing .
Senior members of the government will certainly demand to know if Hasan had any confederates , if he was part of a bigger plot and if there are more attacks to come .
Several congressmen and senators are also calling for hearings into the case , and if such hearings occur , they will certainly produce an abundance of interesting information pertaining to Hasan and the national security investigation of his activities .
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio is now the target of a federal grand jury probe , according to the Maricopa county manager .
Manager David Smith tells 12
News he has been called as a witness in the investigation , as well as Deputy County Manager Sandi Wilson .
Sources say the investigation is tied to allegations of abuse of power relating to targeting political opponents and enemies for harassment and investigation .
Smith says that includes threatening investigations against opponents when there is no probable cause and intimidating county employees at their homes .
Sources told 12 News late Thursday that the U.S. Department of Justice in Washington has been conducting and managing the investigation , which started more than a year ago .
It started late in George W. Bush 's Administration , stopped during the transition , and started again after President Obama took office .
Sources say local FBI agents have been gathering the evidence and , the FBI has informed potential witnesses that they should not speak to the media about this issue .
Sheriff Arpaio's spokeswoman Lisa Allen told 12 News that the sheriff has not been notified by federal officials whether or not he is the subject of a federal grand jury investigation .
Allen said as far as the sheriff is concerned , it will be business as usual .
Maricopa County Attorney Andrew Thomas ' office told 12 News that it is unaware of any investigation of Sheriff Arpaio .
Call ’em the fighting fogies .
An angry 83 - year - old brawler beat a 99 - year - old man old with a metal steering - wheel lock in Brooklyn in a fight over parking , authorities said yesterday .
The geriatric dust - up happened at 2:10 p.m. Monday across the street from Maimonides Hospital in Borough Park , when Gersh Gofman , 83 , of Sheepshead Bay , pulled his car in front of the driveway outside Steve Pulwers ’ house .
Pulwers , who ’s just two months shy of 100 and lives above a doctor ’s office , said he was putting out the trash and knocked on Gofman ’s window when the doctor returned for an emergency call and could n’t get into the driveway .
“ The doctor honked the horn , one , two , three , four times , ” Pulwers told The Post .
“ I say , ‘ Gentleman , the doctor wants to go into the garage . ’
He did not answer .
He then got out and takes a metal tool and hits me .
He knocked me to the ground . ”
Pulwers , a retired Manischewitz wine - factory employee , said Gofman pinned him to the ground with his knees .
The near - centenarian said he was helpless , and tried to use his coat to defend himself .
“ I hit him in the leg with my coat like a little fly , ” he said .
Gofman , who had n’t said a word up to that point , then threatened Pulwers in Russian .
“ He said he was going to send somebody to cut off my balls , ” Pulwers said .
The doctor called 911 , and Gofman was arrested .
Pulwers was taken to Maimonides where he was treated for a broken nose and broken ribs .
“ He ’s much younger than me , much stronger .
He could be my son , ” Pulwers said of the comparatively spry Gofman .
“ Maybe he ’s crazy or maybe not normal , because a normal person does n’t try to fight an old man who is close to 100 years old .
“ I ’m lucky I ’m still alive .
I thought he was going to kill me . ”
Pulwers said they had gotten into an argument over parking in November when he had asked Gofman to move out of the driveway , and the younger man had shoved him .
“ This time he was prepared to hit me , ” Pulwers said .
Gofman ’s lawyer , Michael Pate , said his client was there because he had taken his wife to the hospital and that he was “ not looking for trouble . ”
“ He ’s an old man who got caught up in a situation , ” Pate said .
“ We ’re not talking about two street thugs battling over territory .
It ’s an unfortunate incident . ”
Gofman , who has no criminal record , was charged with assault , menacing and harassment , and released without bail .
He ’s due back in court Feb. 25 .
jamie.schram@nypost.com
When you think of Canada , which qualities come to mind ?
The world 's peacekeeper , the friendly nation , a liberal counterweight to the harsher pieties of its southern neighbour , decent , civilised , fair , well - governed ?
Think again .
This country 's government is now behaving with all the sophistication of a chimpanzee 's tea party .
So amazingly destructive has Canada become , and so insistent have my Canadian friends been that I weigh into this fight , that I 've broken my self - imposed ban on flying and come to Toronto .
So here I am , watching the astonishing spectacle of a beautiful , cultured nation turning itself into a corrupt petro-state .
Canada is slipping down the development ladder , retreating from a complex , diverse economy towards dependence on a single primary resource , which happens to be the dirtiest commodity known to man .
The price of this transition is the brutalisation of the country , and a government campaign against multilateralism as savage as any waged by George Bush .
Until now I believed that the nation that has done most to sabotage a new climate change agreement was the United States .
I was wrong .
The real villain is Canada .
Unless we can stop it , the harm done by Canada in December 2009 will outweigh a century of good works .
In 2006 the new Canadian government announced it was abandoning its targets to cut greenhouse gases under the Kyoto protocol .
No other country that had ratified the treaty has done this .
Canada was meant to have cut emissions by 6 % between 1990 and 2012 .
Instead they have already risen by 26 % .
It is now clear that Canada will refuse to be sanctioned for abandoning its legal obligations .
The Kyoto protocol can be enforced only through goodwill : countries must agree to accept punitive future obligations if they miss their current targets .
But the future cut Canada has volunteered is smaller than that of any other rich nation .
Never mind special measures ; it wo n't accept even an equal share .
The Canadian government is testing the international process to destruction and finding that it breaks all too easily .
By demonstrating that climate sanctions are n't worth the paper they 're written on , it threatens to render any treaty struck at Copenhagen void .
After giving the finger to Kyoto , Canada then set out to prevent the other nations striking a successor agreement .
At the end of 2007 , it singlehandedly blocked a Commonwealth resolution to support binding targets for industrialised nations .
After the climate talks in Poland in December 2008 , it won the Fossil of the Year award , presented by environmental groups to the country that had done most to disrupt the talks .
The climate change performance index , which assesses the efforts of the world 's 60 richest nations , was published in the same month .
Saudi Arabia came 60th .
Canada came 59th .
In June this year the media obtained Canadian briefing documents which showed the government was scheming to divide the Europeans .
During the meeting in Bangkok in October , almost the entire developing world bloc walked out when the Canadian delegate was speaking , as they were so revolted by his bullying .
Last week the Commonwealth heads of government battled for hours ( and eventually won ) against Canada 's obstructions .
A concerted campaign has now begun to expel Canada from the Commonwealth .
In Copenhagen next week , this country will do everything in its power to wreck the talks .
The rest of the world must do everything in its power to stop it .
But such is the fragile nature of climate agreements that one rich nation – especially a member of the G8 , the Commonwealth and the Kyoto group of industrialised countries – could scupper the treaty .
Canada now threatens the wellbeing of the world .
Why ?
There 's a simple answer : Canada is developing the world 's second largest reserve of oil .
Did I say oil ?
It 's actually a filthy mixture of bitumen , sand , heavy metals and toxic organic chemicals .
The tar sands , most of which occur in Alberta , are being extracted by the biggest opencast mining operation on earth .
An area the size of England , comprising pristine forests and marshes , will be be dug up – unless the Canadians can stop this madness .
Already it looks like a scene from the end of the world : the strip - miners are creating a churned black hell on an unimaginable scale .
To extract oil from this mess , it needs to be heated and washed .
Three barrels of water are used to process one barrel of oil .
The contaminated water is held in vast tailings ponds , some so toxic that the tar companies employ people to scoop dead birds off the surface .
Most are unlined .
They leak organic poisons , arsenic and mercury into the rivers .
The First Nations people living downstream have developed a range of exotic cancers and auto - immune diseases .
Refining tar sands requires two to three times as much energy as refining crude oil .
The companies exploiting them burn enough natural gas to heat six million homes .
Alberta 's tar sands operation is the world 's biggest single industrial source of carbon emissions .
By 2020 , if the current growth continues , it will produce more greenhouse gases than Ireland or Denmark .
Already , thanks in part to the tar mining , Canadians have almost the highest per capita emissions on earth , and the stripping of Alberta has scarcely begun .
Canada has n't acted alone .
The biggest leaseholder in the tar sands is Shell , a company that has spent millions persuading the public that it respects the environment .
The other great greenwasher , BP , initially decided to stay out of tar .
Now it has invested in plants built to process it .
The British bank RBS , 70 % of which belongs to you and me ( the government 's share will soon rise to 84 % ) , has lent or underwritten £ 8bn for mining the tar sands .
The purpose of Canada 's assault on the international talks is to protect this industry .
This is not a poor nation .
It does not depend for its economic survival on exploiting this resource .
But the tar barons of Alberta have been able to hold the whole country to ransom .
They have captured Canada 's politics and are turning this lovely country into a cruel and thuggish place .
Canada is a cultured , peaceful nation , which every so often allows a band of Neanderthals to trample over it .
Timber firms were licensed to log the old - growth forest in Clayaquot Sound ; fishing companies were permitted to destroy the Grand Banks : in both cases these get - rich - quick schemes impoverished Canada and its reputation .
But this is much worse , as it affects the whole world .
The government 's scheming at the climate talks is doing for its national image what whaling has done for Japan .
I will not pretend that this country is the only obstacle to an agreement at Copenhagen .
But it is the major one .
It feels odd to be writing this .
The immediate threat to the global effort to sustain a peaceful and stable world comes not from Saudi Arabia or Iran or China .
It comes from Canada .
How could that be true ?
No Heads Are Better Than Two
As Russia teeters between democracy and autocracy , modernity and a return to its Stalinist past , the tentative liberalism represented by President Dmitry Medvedev and the repression represented by Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , one symbol describes the country ’s split personality particularly well : the double - headed eagle , Russia ’s emblem for much of the time since the 15th century .
Throughout ancient history , eagles — with one head — were a universal symbol of empire , from Persia , Turkey , and South India to Mesopotamia , Anatolia , and Rome .
Napoleon adopted the noble bird as his coat of arms in the early 1800s .
In modern times , the eagle has lived on , though it has shed some of its domineering symbolism .
Countries such as the United States , Egypt , Iraq , Mexico , Poland , and Romania have adopted the eagle more as a sign of national greatness than of conquest .
Add a head , however , and the equation shifts .
In Byzantium , the “ Second Rome ” of the first millennium , the two - headed eagle came to signify the empire ’s doubly powerful domination over the world :
One head looked over the West , the other ruled the East .
Not to be outdone , the Holy Roman Empire starting in the 900s also insisted on two heads .
After that empire dissolved in 1806 , its successors in the German Confederation and Austria - Hungary held on to the double heads , at least until modernity hit and that second one began to look too 10th - century .
Germany discarded its second eagle ’s head in 1866 , while Austria ’s lasted until 1918 .
The Russian czars , soon after Byzantium ’s collapse in 1453 , also adopted the double eagle as a symbol of their power .
After dumping the czars centuries later , the Soviets sought to eliminate all trace of the imperial emblem , going to such lengths as painting red stars over the double - headed eagle on the side of official teacups .
But President Boris Yeltsin brought it back after the Soviet collapse in 1991 to replace the hammer and sickle as the state symbol , explaining that the eagle ’s three crowns no longer had imperialist overtones but referred to the executive , judicial , and legislative branches of the government .
The double - headed eagle he chose evoked the seal of Peter the Great , the legendary reformer to whom Yeltsin liked to compare himself .
But no one stopped to argue that maybe what Russia really needed was only one eagle with a clear mission — not two heads , or three crowns .
And now it ’s just Russia and the Balkan states of Serbia , Albania , and Montenegro that still cling to the double eagle .
At first , Yeltsin ’s move seemed to be about resurrecting a pre-Soviet relic .
But over the last decade the eagle ’s implicit message — Russia ’s superiority over both Europe and Asia — has become more and more central to Russian identity .
Today you ’ll find the emblem everywhere : on Russia ’s official coat of arms , on its police insignia , as the symbol for Kremlin announcements on television , in the Ministry of Internal Affairs logo , and so forth .
Byzantium and its twin - headed icon are discussed on talk shows , their imperial grandeur cited as an example for Russia ’s future glory .
Russian Orthodox priests deliver sermons on the lessons Russia must learn from its Byzantine past .
Putin himself often invokes a mythic version of this history to explain why the country is so great .
“ ‘ All peoples are equal before God ’ is at the foundation of Russian statehood , ” he said upon assuming the presidency in 2000 .
“ Unlike in the West , Russian Orthodox culture had always insisted upon the equality of all peoples .
But the double - headed eagle that serves as a constant reminder of Russia ’s glorious Byzantine roots is n’t just an ill - conceived imperial throwback ; it ’s a stand - in for the schizophrenia that describes every aspect of Russian life today .
With Putin and Medvedev , for instance , we get the ultimate push - me - pull - you double - headed monster .
Putin has accused the United States of bringing the world “ to the abyss of one conflict after another , ” making political compromise impossible .
Yet , congratulating U.S. President Barack Obama on his Nobel Peace Prize , Medvedev hailed the “ principles of equality , mutual respect to the benefit of global peace , and stability ” shaping the U.S. - Russia relationship .
In Medvedev ’s presidential state of the union address in November , he seemed to distance himself from his other head , saying that the government must admit fault for the hardships of the economic crisis and calling for a less blustering foreign policy .
It will be a cold day in hell when Putin — who sat pouting in the front row throughout Medvedev ’s speech — permits any of Medvedev ’s recommendations to go through the Kremlin .
But it ’s not just Russia ’s leaders who are n’t rowing in the same direction .
We Russians are divided about our history , especially our Stalinist past .
Last year , the liberal newspaper Novaya Gazeta reproduced some of the recently declassified execution orders signed by Stalin ; now his grandson Yevgeny Dzhugashvili has brought the journalists to court for lying about the memory of the great leader .
In 2007 a textbook that defended Stalin ’s rationalism in killing millions was published as a teaching guide in Russian schools ; in 2009 Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn ’s
The Gulag Archipelago , an account of the inhumane horrors of Stalin ’s rule , was assigned to those same schoolchildren .
Double - headed schizophrenia in action :
In first period kids learn Stalin was an “ efficient manager ” who was a good “ guardian ” of his people ; in second period they find out he committed crimes against these very people .
No wonder that 51 percent of Russians think that Stalin was a wise leader , and 56 percent think he accomplished more good than bad , according to a 2005 Levada Center poll .
So which eagle is it ?
Is Russia the innovative , modernizing giant of post - post - Cold War industry that Medvedev seems to think it can be , confronting its demons in a sane way and moving forward ?
Or is it Putin ’s hidebound , bankrupt , and desperate punching bag of the West , the society preoccupied with reliving the glories of its past and whitewashing the evils ?
There ’s only one solution to this double - headed problem , and it ’s one even Stalin could appreciate :
Off with one head .
We Protest AIPAC , a Lobby for War and Occupation .
AIPAC , the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , is a political lobby that seeks to build unconditional US political support for Israeli policies .
AIPAC supports $ 3 Billion from US taxpayers every year to the Israeli military even as Israel continues to control the lives of millions of Palestinians .
Israel continues to colonize the West Bank with additional settlers , making the likelihood of a just resolution more and more remote .
Yet Israel escapes any consequences , and too many of our own political leaders are supportive of these unjust policies .
Politicians instead pander to AIPAC , a lobby for war and endless military occupation .
Last winter , Israel unleashed a brutal military assault on the people of Gaza .
It killed over 1,400 people , mostly civilians , including hundreds of young children .
This war on the people of Gaza , as well as an unending military siege on Gaza that prevents the people of Gaza from rebuilding their communities , is supported by AIPAC .
We call for an end to the military siege and we support human rights and dignity for the people of Gaza , and all of Occupied Palestine .
We call for a halt to demolitions of the homes of families in the West Bank .
We oppose all military aid to Israel and support rebuilding our communities here at home .
AIPAC is supporting increasing sanctions on Iran , under the pretext of nuclear disarmament .
Yet AIPAC opposes making Israel accountable for its actual existing nuclear arsenal .
We support real global nuclear disarmament and call for all nations , not just selected nations , to meet their obligations to meet that goal , including Israel and the United States .
As AIPAC holds its fancy gala tonight in the Hilton , we know that some of our political leaders will be there to join them .
They will be feasting as the children of Gaza go hungry , as a direct result of the policies supported by AIPAC .
We call on them to instead support human rights , peace and justice for all the people of the Middle East .
Protest endorsed by : Stop AIPAC • Middle East Children 's Alliance • Code Pink • International Jewish Anti-Zionist Network ( Bay Area ) • The Bay Area Campaign to End Israeli Apartheid • International Solidarity Movement , ( Northern California ) • Justice for Palestinians ( San Jose ) • Friends of Deir Ibzi'a • ANSWER , San Francisco • Queers Undermining Israeli Terrorism ( QUIT )
More info : www.StopAIPAC.org people@stopaipac.org
Looks great : what does it mean ?
“ Climategate ” has put scientists on trial in the court of public opinion .
If you believe climate sceptics , a huge body of evidence involving the work of tens of thousands of scientists over more than a century should be thrown out on the basis of the alleged misconduct of a handful of researchers , even though nothing in the hacked emails has been shown to undermine any of the scientific conclusions .
If we are going to judge the truth of claims on the behaviour of those making them , it seems only fair to look at the behaviour of a few of those questioning the scientific consensus .
There are many similar examples we did not include .
We leave readers to draw their own conclusions about who to trust .
1 . Fun with the sun
In 1991 , the journal Science published a paper by researchers Eigil Friis - Christensen and Knud Lassen , then at the Danish Meteorological Institute in Copenhagen .
It included graphs that appeared to show a remarkably close correlation between solar activity and terrestrial temperatures – suggesting that other factors , such as carbon dioxide levels , have little influence on global temperatures .
Advertisement
The graphs were seized on by climate change sceptics and have been widely reproduced ever since .
But according to Peter Laut of the Technical University of Denmark in Lyngby , the close correlations in the original graphs , and in updated versions published in 1995 and 2000 , exist only because of what he describes as a “ pattern of strange errors ” .
Laut described his findings in a peer - reviewed paper ( Journal of Atmospheric and Solar - Terrestrial Physics , vol 65 , p 801 ) and also wrote them up in a less technical form for the geophysicists ’ newspaper Eos ( vol 85 , p 370 ( PDF ) ) .
His concerns about the 1991 paper are shared by a number of leading climate scientists .
Outcome : Little action has been taken following publication of Laut ’s papers .
The 1991 paper is still frequently cited by climate deniers .
2 . The great swindle
A television programme called The Great Global Warming Swindle was commissioned by the British broadcaster Channel 4 and aired in 2007 .
The documentary , written and directed by Martin Durkin , prompted a voluminous complaint to the UK ’s broadcast regulator Ofcom , alleging 137 breaches of broadcasting regulations .
For instance , the programme showed a graph comparing temperature and solar activity since 1550 , based on a 1995 paper by Friis - Christensen and Lassen .
This was one of the graphs questioned by Peter Laut ( see above ) .
In the original graph , there was a gap in the solar activity line between 1600 and 1700 because there were no sunspots at this time , as confirmed by sunspot records .
In the TV programme , this gap had somehow been filled in .
Friis - Christensen accused the programme makers of fabricating the data .
The programme was also alleged to have misrepresented the views of several scientists who were interviewed on camera .
Outcome : Ofcom upheld some complaints about scientists being misrepresented , but decided that the breaches of factual accuracy did not fall within its remit .
3 . The Oregon petition
The Oregon Institute of Science and Medicine is a research centre in the small town of Cave Junction ; it says it conducts research into “ protein biochemistry , diagnostic medicine , nutrition , preventive medicine and ageing ” .
In 1998 , it issued a petition urging the US government to reject all limits on greenhouse gas emissions .
The petition was mailed to thousands of US scientists , who were asked to sign it .
It was accompanied by an article entitled “ Environmental effects of increased atmospheric carbon dioxide “ .
One of the authors , Willie Soon , is a well - known climate sceptic .
The article closely resembled the style of articles from the peer - reviewed journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , down to the typeface .
It had not been published in that or any other journal , as the US National Academy of Sciences made clear in a statement .
Despite intense scientific criticism ( see here ( PDF ) and here , for example ) the petition attracted over 30,000 signatures – although the organisers admitted that they did little to verify the respondents ’ credentials , allowing obviously fake names like “ Dr Geri Halliwell ” to be included .
Outcome : As of 2008 , the petition was being recirculated .
The accompanying article has acquired an aura of respectability , having finally been published in a journal , albeit not one specialising in climatology : – the Journal of American Physicians and Surgeons .
4 . Peer review ?
In 2008 , the Forum on Physics and Society ( FPS ) , a newsletter produced by the American Physics Society , published an article entitled “ Climate sensitivity reconsidered “ .
The article claimed that “ the IPCC ’s estimates may be excessive and unsafe ” and that attempts to cut CO 2 emissions “ are pointless , may be ill - conceived and could even be harmful ” .
The article was written by Christopher Monckton , a British journalist and consultant .
Although apparently highly technical , the piece has been strongly criticised by professional climate scientists , including Gavin Schmidt , of NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies , New York .
The piece was reported by the US Science and Public Policy Institute as having been “ peer - reviewed ” .
The editors of FPS pointed out that , as was standard practice at the journal , they had merely edited the piece without sending it out to specialist climate scientists for peer review .
A disclaimer was subsequently added to the piece , clarifying that nothing in FPS was peer - reviewed .
Outcome :
In late 2009 , Monckton embarked on a tour of North America to promote his personal views on climate change .
5 . No logo
The Global Warming Policy Foundation is an independent think tank chaired by the former British finance minister Nigel Lawson that claims to “ bring reason , integrity and balance to a debate that has become seriously unbalanced , irrationally alarmist and all too often depressingly intolerant “ .
So it is a little disappointing that a graph in the banner on the organisation ’s homepage is so misleading .
That graph is a jazzed - up graph of average global temperatures since 2001 and shows , essentially , no trend .
The implication is that global temperatures are not increasing .
Of course , no conclusions can be drawn from such a short time span , because temperatures vary so much from year to year anyway .
You have to look at several decades in order to pick out real trends .
The UK Met Office this week published data showing that the first decade of the 2000s has been the warmest on record .
Outcome : On 3 December the British newspaper The Independent reported that “ an error by a graphic designer ” in the graph had been corrected .
The larger issue of the misleadingly short time span has not been addressed .
6. David Bellamy
Readers in the UK may remember botany lecturer David Bellamy as a leading conservationist and a presenter of television programmes about the environment and biodiversity .
To give some idea of his commitment to environmental issues , in 1983 he was jailed for blockading Australia ’s Franklin River in protest at a proposed dam .
However , Bellamy has become a prominent global warming sceptic and has made a number of notable claims in the media .
For instance , in 2005 he wrote a letter to New Scientist claiming that most of the world ’s glaciers are growing , which is manifestly not the case .
In fact , around the world glaciers are melting three times as fast as they were in the 1980s .
Then last year he claimed that , as a result of increased carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , “ 300,000 square kilometres of former desert are now covered with trees “ .
He cited New Scientist as the source for this claim , so we combed our archive to find the evidence .
Outcome :
We could n’t find any article making such a claim .
On the contrary , we found an alternative explanation for the greening .
Bellamy has never contacted us to acknowledge the error with the glaciers or to point us to the source of the claim for the greening of the desert .
7. Astroturfing
It ’s not just a kind of artificial grass : the word astroturfing also refers to a form of propaganda .
Organisations promoting a particular viewpoint set about creating an artificial “ grassroots ” movement , which appears to be spontaneous but is in fact carefully planned by the organisation .
Earlier this year , the US House of Representatives select committee on energy independence and global warming received a number of letters opposing the American Clean Energy and Security Act , which would set limits on the country ’s greenhouse gas emissions .
The letters were purportedly from members of the public .
However , it then emerged that the letters were an example of astroturfing : several of them had been faked .
Outcome :
At a hearing of the House select committee , the president of US lobbying firm Bonner and Associates apologised .
The fake letters were apparently created by a temporary employee .
8. Cosmic correlations
According to Henrik Svensmark , a physicist at the Danish National Space Center in Copenhagen , cosmic rays have a major affect on the Earth ’s climate .
He says that fewer cosmic rays mean fewer clouds , warming the Earth .
In 1997 , Svensmark claimed there was a correlation between cosmic ray intensity and satellite measurements of total cloud cover since the 1980s .
This apparent correlation depends on adjustments to the data , however , and it does not hold up ( PDF ) when more recent cloud measurements from 1996 onwards are included .
Svensmark has also pointed to an apparent correlation between low - altitude cloud cover and cosmic rays .
But after 1995 , the fit of Svensmark ’s graph depends on a “ correction ” of satellite data , and the satellite scientists say this is not justified .
“ It ’s dubious manipulation of data in order to suit his hypothesis , ” says Joanna Haigh , an atmospheric physicist at Imperial College London .
Svensmark does not accept this .
Recent independent studies suggest cosmic rays can affect cloudiness , but not in the way Svensmark claims , and that their effect on climate is insignificant .
Direct satellite measurements rule them out as an explanation for the recent warming .
Outcome : Svensmark wrote a book about his ideas , The Chilling Stars , co-authored by Nigel Calder , editor of New Scientist from 1962 to 1966 .
Despite the lack of scientific support , his claims remain popular with climate deniers .
Svensmark claims the world is cooling .
Well , let ’s see .
Read more : New Scientist ’s full coverage on the latest Copenhagen and climate change news
Avatar was named best film at the Golden Globes China has pulled the 2D version of Avatar from cinemas amid claims the plot mirrors forced land evictions in the country .
Authorities insist the decision was a commercial one , saying the 3D version made up two - thirds of ticket revenues .
Critics claim the film 's plot parallels the removal of millions of residents to make way for property developers .
The government has also denied reports that a decision was made to reduce competition for home - grown films .
They include a state - backed biopic of philosopher Confucius , starring Chow Yun-fat , which is due out next week .
But Zhang Hongsen , of the State Administration of Radio , Film and Television , told Chinese state media : " As the box office receipts for its 2D version are not very good , it 's normal for this version of the film to be taken off . "
Highest - grossing film
In Avatar , a ruthless corporation tries to force the native Na'vi from their homes in order to mine their planet 's precious natural resources .
Confucius , starring Chow Yun-fat , will be released in China next week Writing in English - language newspaper China Daily , columnist Huang Hung said the smash - hit film mirrored China 's rules on forced eviction .
" All the forced removal of old neighbourhoods in China makes us the only earthlings today who can really feel the pain of the Na'vi , " she wrote .
In December , a Chinese man was treated in hospital after setting himself on fire in Beijing to protest against the demolition of his home .
The previous month , a woman died after setting herself alight in a similar protest .
Avatar had been showing on 2,500 screens across China .
One - third were Imax and 3D screens while the rest were regular 2D screens .
The cinema is still considered a pricey treat in China , with tickets for the 2D version of Avatar costing 30 to 40 yuan ( £ 2.60 to £ 3.50 ) , with 3D tickets from 60 to 80 yuan ( £ 5.20 to £ 7 ) .
Avatar is already the highest - grossing film of all time in China , pulling in more than 300 m yuan ( £ 27 m ) .
But not all films are given access to the Chinese market .
China restricts the number of foreign films shown in the country to 20 each year , a policy that has led to complaints from the US .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
7 tips til konverteringsoptimering på mobil i 2019 I 2019 bruger flere danskere nettet fra mobilen end computeren .
Men kun 2,03 % af de mobile brugere konverterer til et salg sammenlignet med 3,83 % på desktop .
Det er et lavt tal , som mange …
As the Denver Post reports :
The fight to regulate the rapidly growing number of medical - marijuana dispensaries took a drastic swing toward shutting down the hundreds of Colorado storefronts after state Sen .
Chris Romer announced Sunday that a pending pot bill would reflect the wishes of law enforcement groups .
The attorney general , sheriff ’s organizations and police groups want a five - person limit on the number of patients a pot provider – dubbed a “ caregiver ” – can serve .
Romer , a Democrat from Denver , said the bill reflecting that cap will likely be introduced once the legislative session starts Wednesday by state Rep .
Tom Massey , R - Poncha Springs , who could not be reached for comment .
It ’s a stark departure from Romer ’s original bill , which would have required dispensaries to provide other health services and to register their products in a database for law enforcement purposes .
Romer , at one point the dispensaries ’ most vocal legislative champion , distanced himself from the new bill and said the concession follows a Friday - afternoon meeting with the governor and law enforcement representatives .
He also blamed pot advocates for being too resistant to regulation .
“ Almost all the cannabis people thought my bill was too restrictive .
Maybe they need to wake up , ” Romer said .
“ When the sheriffs roll their bill out , they ’ll understand how reasonable my bill really was . ”
It ’s an interesting situation now , where the prospect of no legislative guidance on the hot - button issue of medical marijuana dispensaries seems increasingly likely unless something is done .
The police - supported bill from Tom Massey is considered by many legislators to be far too restrictive to pass in its current form , but without some kind of regulation of this ‘ budding ’ industry at the state level , local governments are likely to continue passing starkly variable regulations of their own .
On the other side , potential business owners and investors need a regulatory framework to provide security for their investment , and constitutionally - sanctioned medical marijuana consumers need a legitimate source for their medication .
Overarching all of this is a persistent feeling in the legislature that the state has far more important matters to attend to right now than a ‘ crackdown ’ on medical marijuana .
Speaker Terrance Carroll reacted cooly to Chris Romer ’s bill for this reason , we ca n’t imagine he ’ll like Massey ’s bill any better .
Politically speaking , too much of this talk could also be troublesome for Democrats getting out the vote among young liberals–an important component of the Barack Obama electorate .
Our view is pretty uncomplicated : we think patients should be able to get what Amendment 20 guarantees them without having to venture into the criminal underworld to get it ( which , curiously , is what the law enforcement - favored bill would seem to do ) , and we would really , really like to help balance the budget with all this wonderful new taxable economic activity .
As for Romer , it does n’t seem like he ’s made very many friends on either side of this issue despite his attempt to play the broker .
Law enforcement thought he was making too many concessions to ‘ the potheads , ’ and the well - organized dispensary owners thought he was too friendly to interests who would just as soon see the feds shut down medical marijuana in Colorado entirely –constitution or no constitution .
In the case of Attorney General John Suthers , like it was for his predecessor Ken Salazar , the latter is pretty much accurate .
Epilogue : Romer ’s name is in play ( among several ) as a possible candidate for Denver Mayor should John Hickenlooper make the jump to the gubernatorial race , and Denver has voted twice to fully decriminalize marijuana–do you suppose that ’s why he ’s backing away from this issue ?
I left home on Wednesday morning to hear Tony Blair deliver his evidence to the inquiry committee .
My wife , Sally , did not travel with me as she had been seriously ill , through the stress and strains of the past six - and - a- half years since our son , Lance Corporal Tom Keys , was killed in Iraq along with five Royal Military Police colleagues .
Their deaths had been particularly horrific as they had fallen into the clutches of a raging 500 - strong mob .
My plan had been to depart on Thursday , but I had received requests to come to London on the Wednesday to do interviews for CNN news , a German TV ­station and Dutch radio .
Little did I know this was a precursor for the frenzy of media interest that was about to descend on bereaved family members .
Wednesday afternoon :
The circus begins in St Stephen 's Square .
Al Jazeera TV requested an interview .
It was particularly keen to see photographs of Tom .
I had brought a collection of photographs with me and they were placed on a bench in the green that faces parliament .
As I stood back to let them take their photos , the sun shone across the bench and lit Tom 's smiling face as he looked towards the houses of parliament .
For the press it was just another part of their job , but for me it brought a tear to my eye as I reflected on the fact that Tom was looking towards the building where the decision was made that would result in his death .
I was keen to watch former attorney general Lord Goldsmith deliver his afternoon evidence to the Chilcot inquiry and was fortunate to gain a seat in the hearing room so I could sit behind the man who made the ultimate , final and controversial legal decision .
It struck me that such a diminutive figure has the power to make such huge decisions .
One man against a whole army of legal advisers , headed by Sir Michael Wood , who were all saying that the war , in their opinion , was not legal .
It made me think of Jeremy Paxman 's comment on the legality issue , when he said he could not find one lawyer in the whole of the country to defend Goldsmith 's legal arguments for the war .
I thought that summed it up .
Thursday morning :
I took off to the Imperial War Museum .
Having viewed most of the military exhibits , I went to the upper floors , to the very sombre genocide and Holocaust sections .
This proved not to be such a good idea , as it left a profound impression on me , which I constantly reflected on as I walked back to the hotel .
One image showed six Jews being lined up for summary execution by firing squad .
Other bodies lay behind them .
One could clearly see the expressions on the faces of those six men as they were about to die .
Some stood firm , shoulders back , chest out to await their fate .
One young man , on the end , who could only have been about 16 , had one hand across , protecting his heart , the other reaching out towards the firing squad , his face in anguish , as he pleaded for humanity .
It made me reflect on how the six RMPs died .
How did they meet their fate in that filthy back storeroom , when they were overwhelmed , without ammunition and knowing they were doomed ?
Some reports had said one of the redcaps was holding up a photograph of his baby in the hope that it would result in some show of humanity from the eight killers at the head of the mob who had entered the room .
They just shot him through the hand .
All six redcaps received beatings with rifle butts and were shot several times .
Tom had 31 bullet wounds .
Other postmortem reports suggest that when another man was lifted from the ground , bullets fell from a huge hole in his back , he had been shot that many times .
Again , going back to the Holocaust image , I wonder constantly what the expression was on Tom 's face as he met his brutal end .
Though advised not to , I viewed Tom 's body in the mortuary on his return .
I opened his eyelids , and wondered what the last images those once green , beautiful eyes saw .
They had now just become like two milky white marbles , owing to the passage of time .
Returning to the hotel I did n't have much of an appetite , and just felt like a stiff drink .
A message had been left , asking if I could write a press statement to read out on behalf of the families of the fallen , as some were not comfortable giving interviews .
I agreed , but since I am something of a perfectionist it gave me a sleepless night .
I had written the first draft , and then retired to bed , going over it in my mind .
I woke up at 1.30 to ­practise its delivery , found I was not happy with its content and decided to polish .
I was still not totally happy by 2.30 but decided it would have to do .
One lesson that could certainly be learnt above all is that never , never again should a British prime minister be allowed to lead our proud and gallant armed forces into a war in such a shambolic , catastrophic way , based on lies , falsehoods and deceit .
Such conduct is a betrayal of the trust of the armed forces .
Tony Blair , you have brought disgrace upon the honourable position of a prime minister .
Never mind international law courts : you have been judged by us today and found wanting .
Friday morning :
I trudged through the morning rain , worrying that I would not be able to give a good account on this long - awaited day .
It would be fair to say that I felt miserable and dejected , thinking of happier times with Tom .
Approaching the conference centre , I could already hear protesters chanting .
A helicopter droned continually overhead ; the circus had begun .
As I neared its perimeter , I was met by a sea of fluorescent police jackets .
TV crews , press vans , photographers , the whole melee of an international media frenzy had descended on a very small area , on the forecourt of the QE2 conference centre .
A maze of barriers had been erected which one had to negotiate , just to get to the centre 's doors .
Inside the inquiry , and realising I had yet to go through the airport - style security to gain entry to the hearing room , I asked an official where I should pick up my pass .
Unfortunately the " jobsworth " I asked was insistent that I should join the back of a long queue of the general public , standing outside in the pouring rain , waiting for the security clearance I knew I already had if I could only find my pass .
Refusing to join the back of the queue , I saw another family member , Rose Gentle , with her husband , already wearing their passes , and they directed me to the appropriate desk and then on to the relative calm of the families ' room .
After a short rest and a welcome cup of coffee , we were told that those going into the hearing room had 10 minutes to pass through additional security in order to take up their seats .
The whole security aspect had taken on the tone of visiting royalty , in comparison to the relatively low - key security I remembered from Goldsmith 's hearing on Wednesday .
Previously , on talking to a police officer , he had remarked that security for Blair 's appearance had cost in excess of a quarter of a million pounds .
Morning session :
My pass was for the afternoon session in the hearing room , so I was now able to watch the morning proceedings from the family room .
There was anticipation in the room as we watched Blair enter , flanked by two burly bodyguards .
I noted one remained seated close to him and the other remained standing , facing the public gallery , as there had been rumour of plans for shoe - throwing akin to the incident during George Bush 's final visit to Iraq .
Blair strode confidently to his chair , sat down , adjusted his microphone , said good morning to the committee and opened his well - prepared pages .
This was the moment that I had waited for six - and - a - half years since Tom 's death .
I was not anticipating any revelations and expected a cool calm delivery of his evidence , and my expectations were met .
His first 10 minutes did appear to be a little nervy and shaky , but he soon got into his professional stride .
I felt he already had the measure of the panel and could easily cope with its level of questioning .
Indeed at times it was somewhat reminiscent of him delivering his rhetoric from the dispatch box at prime minister 's questions , with gesticulating arms and all the aplomb of an accomplished orator .
At times I was willing the panel to interrupt him and bring him back to the point in question , as it seemed they had allowed him to get on his " soap box " and deliver his lines .
He 'd become really confident now , and was in his stride , flowing easily .
I wondered if he was arrogant enough to believe he could have this panel for breakfast .
It appeared he had them where he wanted them and could take them off on a tangent , and return as he so desired .
For me the morning session offered nothing new and was just confirmation of previous evidence .
I was somewhat relieved when the lunch break came .
My mobile had been plugged in to recharge its battery , and on turning it back on it buzzed and beeped continually for five minutes as messages filled my voicemail quota .
With other family members I left the centre feeling obliged to meet interview commitments .
I do n't know why I could n't say no .
Afternoon session :
The committee took their seats and gave a warning to the relatively small public gallery about conduct during proceedings .
I reminded myself to remain firmly gagged as I had no wish to be ejected .
Blair entered in the same confident manner and took up his seat .
Rose Gentle remarked to me at lunch time that , when Blair had entered for his morning session , his hand was trembling slightly as he unscrewed his water bottle to take a drink .
Seated behind him now I looked over his shoulder to see if there were any signs of the earlier nerves .
No , they were long gone : this was now the arrogant Tony Blair who knew he had nothing to fear from this inquiry .
I felt that they could n't challenge him .
Looking at his notes in front of him , I could see there were several markers on the pages and according to the question he could deftly go to the appropriate page in his notes where he would find a reference to give another long - winded answer .
Seeing him flick backwards and forwards to his notes and ­easily find all the relevant sections , I suspected that he must have asked the committee beforehand for the list of questions that they were going to pursue .
He had all his ammunition ready before he was ­challenged .
Again the afternoon session was reduced to the sound of Blair delivering his evidence , punctuated with the ­repetitive phrases , " I believe " and " my judgment " .
Where this became particularly significant for me was on the intelligence issue , when he was challenged on his delivery of the " intelligence , as assessed beyond doubt , of Saddam 's WMD capability " .
By the nature of its being assessed , it can not be beyond doubt .
I thought , " They 're going to get him here .
How is he going to wriggle out of this one ? "
In his reply he stated that he did believe beyond doubt the assessed intelligence .
In his judgment , he believed it .
So it 's a bit like questioning somebody 's faith .
I might believe beyond doubt that there are fairies at the bottom of the garden , but that does n't make it true .
But that 's how he got out of it .
I cannot describe my frustration that he was able to dodge his misrepresentation of the truth so easily .
Much of the afternoon continued in the same vein without any revelations but I did mark on my notes the word " naive " when he said , " We thought that , if we removed the top tier of government , there would be a functioning administrative level below . "
What did he expect ?
If you removed Saddam , there would , of course , be a power vacuum and complete breakdown of law and order .
He went on to say : " It was the influence of external forces that caused the main problem . "
Cross - border terrorism : he had n't planned for that .
Again I marked in my notes , " Naive !
Without government Iraq would become a fermentation that would breed terrorism . "
And I marked again in my notes , " Naive !
The local darts team down at the pub could have planned it better . "
Blair was then questioned on the death toll , which he agreed was in excess of a hundred thousand Iraqis .
His trite response was : " Well , it is n't us that 's killing them , it 's the insurgency . "
I gasped — I could n't believe it .
He was party to creating that environment where insurgency could thrive .
Did n't Blair realise this ?
I thought back to adjutant general Sir Freddie Viggers , whom I have met on several occasions : in his evidence , he remarked that the invasion was run by a bunch of amateurs and , when questioned by Chilcot as to what level , Sir Freddie replied it went right through to the very top , at ministerial level .
I reflected on this and thought how right he was .
Blair remarked that it was a lesson learned , and Chilcot remarked : " Well it was an expensive lesson , Mr Blair . "
Blair 's response was : " If we learn one lesson , it is that occupying a failed state , you will be there for the long haul . "
Again I wrote , " Naive " .
As well as frustrated , I was starting to realise how angry I was , and that I must remained tight - lipped .
I wanted to shout out , " Did n't you realise what you were bloody well doing ?
Did n't you bloody well realise the consequences of your actions ? "
Silly as it sounds , close up you start to notice personal things , like how thin he looked .
His immaculate hairline and shaven neck looked like a waxwork figure .
It was almost as if he realised people would be viewing him from the back .
I remembered rumours about how fastidious he was about his hair .
It is shameful that he did n't apply the same diligence to post - and pre-war planning .
As it was coming to an end , I was beginning to feel numb .
Six - and - a- half years have taken away the passion of the anger , and I have become pragmatic and resigned to the fact that Blair will walk through all this Iraq controversy with impunity .
Iraq had taken on the context of a runaway train , and no one seemed able to stop it .
At the end of the session , Sir John Chilcot asked Blair whether he had anything else to add , his sharp reply of " No " was followed by Chilcot asking : " Do you have any regrets , Mr Blair ? "
After a few rambling sentences , Blair said : " No. No regrets . "
At this stage , some members of the public could contain themselves no longer .
One man stood up and shouted : " Come on , Mr Blair , there must be one regret . "
Two bereaved mothers broke down in tears ; another man shouted : " Surely , Blair , you regret the death toll ? "
This was the only time during the whole day that I became emotional : seeing the two mothers crumple into the arms of relatives , sobbing ; seeing Tony Blair stride out with arrogance , without even a glance at the hurt he had caused .
He left the room to the strains of one man shouting , " Murdering bastard Blair ! "
I noticed Chilcot , as he left the room with the other members of the committee , look and take note of Theresa Evans , who was sobbing uncontrollably , clutching a little locket , bearing her son's photo­graph , the rose she had been wearing now lying crumpled on the floor .
To my amazement , I had remained silent .
Home :
On the train home that evening , I regretted not speaking out as Blair left .
I had prepared words , but the sight of the mothers breaking down choked me up and I could not find the voice .
I wanted to say : " Blair , look at me !
You are a pathetic excuse for a man .
You have brought shame upon yourself and shame upon the armed forces .
This is n't over yet . "
Although I knew it was .
Languages for hardware development
Hardware development is similar to software development when it comes to languages .
There are many of them , each one with its own pros and cons , and when I start a project I must choose one , for the right or for the wrong reasons :
It has the right set of functionalities for what I want to do
I know this language so I must use it to complete something quickly
I already have a library in this language
There are free tools for this language
This language needs a proprietary tool , but the tool quality is worth the price
The environment we have in place is designed for this language
We need support , and that well - known company sells good support for this language
A good place to find information about the different hardware description languages is ASIC World , a very complete portal with tutorials , examples and links .
Here I ’m giving a subjective take on some languages that I encountered .
( The following list of languages is a glimpse on what ’s available : it is not meant to be a complete reference )
Verilog
This language is the basis for hardware description : it ’s simple , mature , widespread in the industry world and it ’s regulated by a standard group .
I think it is the best language to start developing hardware , because the learning curve of the language syntax is not very steep , and the brain can concentrate on other problems .
The most difficult barriers when starting to design hardware are : understanding concurrency , and understanding the synchronous sequential logic ( registers and clocks ) .
These concepts can be grasped by using the opposite mindset with respect to sequential programming ; for this reason it is particularly difficult for a software programmer to migrate to the hardware world .
Best for :
low - level description
VHDL
VHDL is much like Verilog , in terms of low - level hardware description .
In addition it puts the emphasis on abstraction in terms of libraries ( for example the handling of integer values ) , and on behavioral modeling .
It is also possible to define types and “ records ” , that are similar to the ANSI C “ struct ” .
Together with Verilog , they describe the great majority of hardware components .
Best for
low - level description
SystemC
SystemC is a way to use C++ to model hardware .
The definition of objects in C++ is similar to the description of hardware modules , and similar is also the encapsulation of objects inside other objects .
SystemC consists of a library of classes that can be used to model hardware , and a runtime that performs simulations .
A SystemC design can be compiled using a C++ compiler such as the one in Visual Studio or GNU g++ , and the resulting simulation is very fast .
Moreover , running a simulation on a multi- core machine is very efficient , because it is largely based on threads to model concurrency [ Edit : the current SystemC simulation kernels are single - threaded , work has been done to create an experimental kernel expoiting Simmetric MultiProcessing ] .
Best for
high - level modeling
e
The e language is impossible to Google .
For this reason , it is better to associate it with the proprietary tool that interprets it : Specman .
There are other tools that can deal with e , but historically and commercially Specman is the most fit .
This language is based on extensions : for example if you have a library function that prints “ Hello World ! ” you can extend it to print also “ Especially hello girls ! ” .
This language can also model a random behavior : you can define a module containing an integer , and write a constraint that keeps the integer in the range 0 to 100 ; during the simulation the module instance will contain an integer with a specific value that satisfies all the constraints .
This feature is useful to verify an hardware block by giving it many random inputs that have specific rules ( data packets , control messages … ) .
The syntax is quite clear , but the concepts of aspect - oriented programming are not immediate to grasp .
Best for
verification
IP - XACT
IP - XACT is not really a language but a group of specifications to write an XML description of a hardware design .
It has been created by the Spirit Consortium and is in active development .
IP - XACT was born to cope with real world problems of the hardware industry from design to implementation .
Those problems for example are :
how should I deliver my hardware block to other companies ?
how can I keep synchronized : hardware development , documentation and software code ?
how do I integrate hardware blocks from different vendors , written in different languages ?
how can I connect different blocks to design my system top - down ?
how should I keep track of information associated with the code , for example the tools used to compile ?
IP - XACT offers a framework to solve these problems using XML descriptions as the common denominator .
Ideally , this is how it should work out :
Suppose you ’re designing a system with a CPU and a SATA controller .
You get the CPU from a vendor and the SATA from another , both ship their product with it an IP - XACT description .
You use an IP - XACT enabled graphical tool to import the two blocks into your project and connect them ( using your mouse ) to the bus , to the memory and the other peripherals of your system .
You then click a button to generate ANSI C code to access SATA using the IP - XACT description of its registers ; you compile it using the software indicated in the IP - XACT files .
You then elaborate the design for simulation using the tool information in the IP - XACT , and run the simulation .
The key to make this work - flow possible is to have all tools with IP - XACT support , and this is gradually becoming the case .
There is a shortage of open source tools though , apart from a useful Eclipse plugin .
Best for
high - level description
MyHDL
MyHDL is an open source tool ( hosted on sourceforge ) that allows you to describe hardware using the Python language .
Establishing a new language is not straightforward ; MyHDL renders the transition easy in many ways :
it is based on an existing well - known and proven language syntax ( Python )
it implements code generation to Verilog and VHDL
it allows mixed simulation of MyHDL and Verilog ( through VPI modules )
Moreover , MyHDL associates the concept of verification in the hardware world with the concept of unit testing in the software world .
While doing so , it exploits the existing Python modules for unit testing , that are widely used for entirely different projects such as web services .
Hardware verification is the most time - consuming task in the design flow , so anything that can ease the job is well accepted .
Best for
low - level description and verification
45.447224 8.599690
Giovanni Trapattoni refused to label Thierry Henry a cheat despite the France captain admitting to the Republic of Ireland 's players that he had handled the ball in the build - up to the goal that won the World Cup play - off for his team .
The manager , however , admitted that Fifa 's fair play campaign had been damaged on a night when conspiracy theory and controversy raged .
" It was ridiculous really and unfortunately it's what we thought was going to happen , " said the Ireland defender Richard Dunne .
" The World Cup is run by people who want to decide who gets there .
Big teams get big decisions .
The referee says he was 100 % certain that Henry did n't handball it but Henry said [ to me ] that he did .
" He said that he handballed it but he did n't mean it and we deserved to win .
It is there for all to see but that 's not going to change anything .
It 's not a difficult one to see .
The linesman was in line with it .
We deserved to win .
We could have got a couple of goals but theirs knocked the stuffing out of us . "
Fifa had sparked uproar in Ireland by announcing in late September that the play - off draw would be seeded .
" With the draw Fifa wanted France and Portugal to go through and that 's what happened , " Liam Brady , the assistant manager , said .
" You saw the goal and that 's enough said .
It 's a bad day for football .
When it comes to the crunch , the big teams always seem to go through . "
Henry handled twice after appearing to be in an offside position at the free - kick that led to the incident from which he squared for William Gallas to score France 's extra- time goal , which gave them a 2 - 1 aggregate win and safe passage to the finals in South Africa next summer .
Trapattoni was asked whether he felt cheated .
" I do n't wish to speak these words , " he said .
" You saw the game .
All of Europe saw the situation .
For sure , in these two games , we deserved to go to South Africa but the result is different .
I want to make it clear that it 's not Henry 's fault .
" I prefer that we'd have gone out on penalties and I am sad because the referee had time to ask the linesman and also to ask Henry .
He should have done that and I am sure Henry would have confirmed that he had handled .
It would n't be the first time that a referee asks a player whether it was or it was n't .
It would n't have been out of place to ask .
This is not good for fair play .
I have been to schools many times to talk about fair play .
I tell the young children that it 's so important in life .
This is a bitter evening for us . "
Trapattoni confronted the Swedish referee , Martin Hansson , on the pitch at full - time .
" I said to him that I know many Swedish people but it 's possible to make a great mistake . "
Henry was hardly contrite afterwards .
" I am not the ref , " he said .
" The ball hit my hand and , I will be honest , the ball hit my hand .
It was a handball .
" What did I say to Richard Dunne ?
I told him .
And he told me the same , you are not the ref .
That 's why the Irish players did n't run to me , they ran to the ref .
You can clearly see the opportunity .
[ Sébastien ]
Squillaci went to jump with two Irish players and then the next thing I know , the ball hit my arm , I played it , and the ref allowed it .
It could have been better to do it in another way but like I said , I am not the ref . "
Talk of cheating dominated the post - match talk within the Ireland dressing room .
" We got robbed , you can tell by the boys ' reaction that it hit his hand blatantly , " said the defender Sean St Ledger .
" We feel cheated – we were the better team over the two legs , every football fan in the stadium will say we were the better team tonight .
It 's cost a lot of us our dreams – as a boy I used to dream of playing in the World Cup , and now I 'm not .
" He 's said it hit his hand accidentally but , if you look at it , you can see it hits his hand twice .
I 'm not sure Henry 's reputation has been tarnished .
It does n't look great but he 's got his team to the World Cup finals .
If it had been one of our team , we 'd have probably done the same . "
The striker Kevin Doyle added : " I do n't know about the ref not seeing it but the linesman had as good a view as anyone and him not seeing it is embarrassing .
It 's instinctive and , if you can get away with it … I 'm sure he was expecting the free - kick to be given and I can't believe it 's not been caught . "
Look for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to try to circumvent the traditional conference committee process by which the different versions of health care reform passed by each house will be reconciled .
If so , it will be the latest example of violating principles of transparency and accountability in the single - minded pursuit of legislative victory .
Conferences involving members from both houses are messy things .
They are usually conducted in public and often televised , and can produce a compromise ...
( photo by Jason Weisberger )
Recent research suggests that spending time in nature actually makes people " more caring . "
The studies , by University of Rochester psychologists Netta Weinstein , Andrew Przybylski , and Richard Ryan , showed that people exposed to nature ( well , mostly slideshows of nature ) put a higher value on intrinsic aspirations , such as doing good in the world or having meaningful relationships , and lower value on extrinsic aspirations , like making a lot of cash or admired by many people .
Now as I mentioned , the participants did n't actually live outdoors for a while or anything as part of the study .
Rather , in three of the studies , they looked at images of either the built environment or landscapes and such .
And in the fourth , some participants were assigned to work in a laboratory either with or without plants around them .
Then they answered a series of questions or were given tests of generosity .
" The result ?
People who were in contact with nature were more willing to open their wallets and share .
As with aspirations , the higher the immersion in nature , the more likely subjects were to be generous with their winnings . "
More info and a video interview with one of the researchers after the jump .
From the University of Rochester :
Why should nature make us more charitable and concerned about others ?
One answer , says coauthor Andrew Przybylski , is that nature helps to connect people to their authentic selves .
For example , study participants who focused on landscapes and plants reported a greater sense of personal autonomy ( " Right now , I feel like I can be myself " ) .
For humans , says Przybylski , our authentic selves are inherently communal because humans evolved in hunter and gatherer societies that depended on mutuality for survival .
In addition , write the authors , the richness and complexity of natural environments may encourage introspection and the lack of man-made structures provide a safe haven from the man -made pressures of society .
" Nature in a way strips away the artifices of society that alienate us from one another , " says Przybylski .
" Nature Makes Us More Caring , Study Says " ( University of Rochester )
" Can Nature Make Us More Caring ?
Effects of Immersion in Nature on Intrinsic Aspirations and Generosity " ( paper abstract )
" The Moral Call of the Wild " ( Scientific American , thanks Marina Gorbis ! )
One of the best ( and cheapest ) things you can do for your heath is to cook up a pot of bean soup every week .
This week I decided to make a simple black bean soup .
Black beans are high in fiber and folate .
Plus , they are a pretty good source of protein .
This soup also packs a heart healthy punch by including a whole head of garlic .
And while this soup is healthy and cheap , it 's also extremely tasty .
Serve it with crusty whole grain bread or corn tortillas .
Top with lime , cilantro , and avocado if you 'd like .
So good !
Roasted Garlic and Poblano Black Bean Soup ( serves 6 - 8 )
1 lb dried black beans , soaked overnight
1 head garlic , roasted
1/2 large onion or 1 small onion , chopped
2 roasted poblano peppers , chopped , seeds included
2 teaspoons chili powder
salt and pepper to taste
Cook the beans until they are firm on the outside and soft on the inside .
Add remaining ingredients , except for salt and pepper .
Cook on low for 1 1/2 to 2 1/2 hours .
Add salt and pepper .
Puree most of the soup , leaving a bit of whole beans for texture .
Serve immediately with garnishes .
SEATTLE ( Reuters ) - Microsoft Corp posted a bigger - than - expected 60 percent jump in quarterly profit , helped by strong sales of Windows 7 , and said it expected business technology spending to recover this year .
Packages of the new Windows operating system , Windows 7 sit on a desk before being installed in Golden , Colorado October 22 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Rick Wilking
The world ’s biggest software maker said on Thursday that net profit came to $ 6.7 billion , or 74 cents per share , for its fiscal second quarter , versus $ 4.2 billion , or 47 cents per share , a year ago .
Analysts were expecting 59 cents per share , according to Thomson Reuters I/B/ E/S .
Microsoft ’s stock rose 1 percent in after - hours trading , a relatively muted reaction that analysts attributed in part to a run-up in the stock following the launch of the Windows 7 operating system in October .
“ Make no mistake , these were very good results out of Microsoft .
Expectations were heightened ever the last few weeks , given Q4 PC shipments and good numbers from Intel , ” said Andy Miedler , analyst at Edward Jones .
Others also pointed to confusion over the earnings numbers because Microsoft included the effects of deferred revenue from pre-sales of Windows 7 to PC makers and retailers , and its free upgrade program .
Excluding that revenue , profit was 60 cents per share .
“ It was a pretty clean , blowout beat , ” said Sid Parakh , an analyst at McAdams Wright Ragen .
“ All the Street models should have reflected that deferred revenue because it ’s not a surprise . ”
Microsoft stopped making specific profit or revenue forecasts in January 2009 , citing market volatility .
“ We did n’t see enterprise spending growth in our fiscal second quarter just ended , ” Chief Financial Officer Peter Klein told Reuters .
“ However , our general view is a recovery will occur starting this calendar year and gradually over the next several years , ” he added .
Windows 7 has proved to be Microsoft ’s strongest - selling operating system to date after the disappointing Vista .
PC sales grew 15.2 percent last quarter .
Microsoft ’s revenue rose 14 percent to $ 19.02 billion , including $ 1.71 billion of deferred revenue from the Windows 7 launch in October .
Excluding that , sales were $ 17.31 billion .
Microsoft shares rose to $ 29.42 in after - hours trading from their Nasdaq close of $ 29.16 .
At the close ,
The stock has risen 62 percent over the past 12 months , outstripping a 40 percent gain in the Nasdaq .
“ Last year the stock was a big outperformer .
A lot of people think the stock has already had its run , ” said Jane Snorek , technology analyst at First American Funds .
“ But I think with PCs doing this well and a new Office coming in June , that the stock can still outperform .
I think Office can be a big hit . ”
Rivals International Business Machines Corp , Google Inc and Apple Inc have all beaten average Wall Street estimates this quarter , but saw their stocks fall or gain only slightly afterward .
Colin Campbell
Ballydehob ,
Co Cork ,
Ireland .
aspotwo@eircom.net
Comment Editor
The Guardian
Dear Sir ,
I was most impressed that you should give such prominence in your issue of 10th November to the role of the International Energy Agency in assessing the status of oil depletion .
It is one of the most important issues facing the modern world , given the current dependence on cheap oil - based energy .
I can provide you with some more information on the topic , touching on my own experience .
I first became aware of the issue in 1969 in Chicago when I was part of a team making a world evaluation for Amoco ( now part of BP ) .
Later when I was managing Fina in Norway , I had the company sponsor a research project on the subject with the Norwegian authorities .
We used public reserve data , as I had not then appreciated how unreliable they were .
The results were published as The Golden Century of Oil 1950 - 2050 ( Kluwer Academic ) .
This attracted the interest of Petroconsultants , a company based in Geneva that was used by the international oil companies to assemble a valid database on oil activities around the world including the size of discoveries and drilling statistics .
They invited me to redo the study but this time using their comprehensive database of virtually all the world ’s fields .
I was joined in this project by Jean Laherrère , formerly Exploration Manager of the French oil company TOTAL , who had developed various analytical techniques .
The resulting study was published at $ 50 000 a copy , but was later suppressed under pressure from a major US oil company , which had better remain nameless .
However , Petroconsultants co-published a book , The Coming Oil Crisis ( Multi - Science ) , which I wrote summarising the results , and also agreed that Laherrère and I should accept an invitation to write an article for the Scientific American : The End of Cheap Oil ( March 1998 ) .
The IEA purchased this book and contacted me , sending an analyst to spend a week going through the data .
It was evident that the team within the IEA working on the subject was fully convinced and saw its importance .
They then produced a report for the G8 Ministers , meeting in Moscow ( International Energy Agency , 1998 , World Energy Prospects to 2020 ; Report to G8 Energy Ministers , March 31 www.iea.org/g8/world/oilsup.htm).
The text was bland enough but it contained a critical table showing that oil demand would outpace supply by 2010 , save for the entry of an item called Unidentified Unconventional , whose supply was shown to meet as much as 20 % of the world ’s needs by 2020 .
Having managed to get it past the G8 Ministers , the IEA team was able to include it in the World Energy Outlook for 1998 .
In effect , the Unidentified Unconventional was a coded message for shortage .
I explained this to a journalist who contacted the element within the IEA which was pleased that this important hidden message should get out .
But when it was published ( Fleming D. , 1999 , The next oil shock ?
Prospect April ) , the IEA evidently got into serious trouble with its masters in the OECD governments , and in the next issue of the World Energy Outlook , the Unidentified Unconventional became Conventional Non-OPEC , without comment or explanation .
The primary function of the IEA was to supervise OECD strategic stocks , which in turn were perceived to be a certain defence against any excessive demands by OPEC .
So the IEA came to see its role as protecting consumers ’ interests , and it therefore had every reason to downplay any notion of depletion and finite limits imposed by Nature , because indirectly such would strengthen the hand of OPEC .
Petroconsultants was subsequently acquired by IHS in the United States , and the special relationship with the international oil companies was lost , affecting the quality of the data .
It may also have found itself under pressure from commercial interests and the principal OPEC countries .
It is worth commenting briefly on the reporting of reserves .
There is no particular technical difficulty in assessing the size of an oilfield early in its life , although naturally there is a certain range in the estimates .
The reporting of the reserves has however been subject to two main distortions .
First , the oil companies were subject to strict US Stock Exchange rules designed to prevent fraudulent exaggeration .
It made sense therefore for them to report the minimum needed for financial purposes , and then revise the estimates upwards over time , giving a comforting , if misleading , image of steady growth .
Second , the OPEC countries found themselves competing for quotas in the 1980s when prices were low .
Quota was based on reported reserves , which prompted Kuwait to add 50 % overnight in 1985 although nothing particular had changed in the oilfields .
It may in fact have started reporting total found , not remaining reserves .
The other OPEC countries later reacted with invalid increases to protect their quota ( see table ) .
To imagine that new discovery should exactly match production in Abu Dhabi to leave unchanged reserves is clearly absurd .
Despite these difficulties , it is possible to make a reasonable assessment of the situation starting with the sound historical data from Petroconsultants .
The following graph shows my current assessment .
Briefly , Regular Conventional Oil peaked in 2005 .
The shortfall was made good by expensive oil mainly from deepwater fields and Canadian tarsands , which led to rising prices .
This trend was spotted by shrewd traders who started buying contracts on the Futures Market , while the industry maintained high levels of storage , watching it appreciate in value at no cost or effort .
The rising prices also delivered a flood of petrodollars to the Middle East where it still costs on average about $ 10 to produce a barrel .
The surplus was in turn partly returned to Western financial institutions , contributing to their instability .
The surge in price reached extreme levels in mid 2008 , approaching $ 150 a barrel , which prompted the shrewd traders to start selling short on the Futures Market and for the industry to start draining their tanks before they lost value .
The high prices in parallel triggered an economic recession which dampened demand causing prices to fall back to 2005 levels before edging up to around $ 75 today .
It is more difficult to evaluate the Non-Conventional oils , comprising tarsands and heavy oils , deepwater oil , Polar oil and Natural Gas Liquids , but the above graph suggests that the peak of all categories was passed in 2008 .
A debate rages as to the precise date of overall peak but rather misses the point when what matters is the vision of long decline on the other side of it .
Given the central role of oil in the modern economy , the peak of production promises to be a turning point of historical magnitude .
It seems that banks have been lending more than they had on deposit , confident that Tomorrow ’s Economic Growth was collateral for Today ’s Debt , without recognising that the expansion was fuelled by cheap oil - based energy .
The Governments are now printing yet more money under Keynesian principles in the hope of restoring past prosperity , which may meet with a brief success .
But if it does , it would stimulate the demand for oil that would again soon breach the supply limits , leading to another price shock and an even worse consequent economic depression .
In fact , today 28 billion barrels a year support a world population on 6.7 billion people , but by 2050 the supply will have fallen to a level able to support less than half that number in their present way of life .
There is a great deal that can be done to reduce waste and bring in renewable energies .
Coal and nuclear power can also ease the transition although they are themselves also subject to depletion .
The challenges are however great , and it is clear that governments must move urgently to prepare for what unfolds .
In parallel come the challenges of climate change that are to a degree related to oil supply .
There may well now be a certain awakening , and the OECD governments may begin to seek an umbrella under which to introduce new national policies .
This may in turn allow the IEA to come forward with more realistic assessments of the true situation .
The media too has an important role to alert people at large of what unfolds .
It underlines the value of the article you have published for which you deserve every credit .
Even said !
Yours sincerely ,
C.J.Campbell
Today I found out how to make a cheap analog pressure sensor .
Tired of paying exorbitant amounts for a simple analog pressure sensor ?
Well here is an easy smeasy way to make an incredibly cheap analog pressure sensor .
This pressure sensor wo n’t be terribly accurate in terms of measuring precise weight or things of this nature , though it can be calibrated somewhat and if you choose to coat it in something like Plasti Dip some of the variables such as humidity and the like can be minimized .
However , what this analog pressure sensor is best for is for creating things like bumper sensors that can read variable levels of pressure and various other touch / pressure sensor applications .
Materials :
Any static dissipative foam ( If you ’ve ever ordered any IC chips , you probably have some lying around .
IC ’s are often set in this foam for shipping . ) or if you do n’t have any , you can pick it up from a variety of places , such as this
Wire
( optional ) Plasti Dip Rubber Coating
Instructions
Step 1 :
Cut the foam to the size you like .
You can cut it quite small and still get a good range of resistance levels .
The foam in this picture is cut to less than half an inch square and about 1 / 4 inch thick ; once completed these two each produce a range of around 2.6K
Ohms down to 400 Ohms when squished completely .
Step 2 :
Poke two wires into the foam .
Make sure the wires are n’t touching and there is a bit of a gap between the two so that when squished they wo n’t touch .
To make sure the wires do n’t come out while in use , I poked the wire all the way through and bent them at the ends .
Step 3 ( optional ) :
At this point your new analog pressure sensor is all ready to use .
However , I like to put a nice covering on it to protect it from wear and tear and a little electrical insulation might be needed depending on what you are going to use this for .
My preferred method of covering the sensor is to use Plasti Dip or equivalent liquid plastic coating .
If using Plasti Dip , dip once slowly and hang the sensor to dry .
Wait 20 minutes and do this again .
That should give a nice thick coat on the sensor .
The Plasti Dip will stiffen the sensor quite a bit , so do n’t put too much on if you want it to stay extra squishy .
In this case , one coat is probably enough .
Play with it to get it to your liking for your particular usage .
Alternatively , you can just wrap it in electrical tape or equivalent , but I ’ve found that tends to not hold up well over the long haul .
It also carries the potential bad side effect of the adhesive on the tape causing the foam to not be able to re-expand over time and thus ruin the pressure sensor .
Plasti Dip does n’t seem to have this problem in the sensors I ’ve made .
I ’ve also tried using a little bit of visqueen cut and wrapped over the pressure sensor and sealed around it .
This worked pretty well .
And of course , you could just not put any covering on it at all if you are n’t worried about electric shock in the usage you are using these for .
That ’s it .
At this point , test it on your multimeter , if you have one .
You should see a nice range of resistance depending on how hard you are pressing or not .
If necessary , you may want to hook up a resistor with this depending on your usage .
If you liked this article , you might also enjoy our new popular podcast , The BrainFood Show ( iTunes , Spotify , Google Play Music , Feed ) , as well as :
Source :
General Petraeus said that the acceleration of defensive systems — which began when President George W. Bush was in office — included “ eight Patriot missile batteries , two in each of four countries . ”
Patriot missiles are capable of shooting down short - range offensive missiles .
He also described a first line of defense :
He said the United States was now keeping Aegis cruisers on patrol in the Persian Gulf at all times .
Those cruisers are equipped with advanced radar and antimissile systems designed to intercept medium - range missiles .
Those systems would not be useful against Iran ’s long - range missile , the Shahab 3 , but intelligence agencies believe that it will be years before Iran can solve the problems of placing a nuclear warhead atop that missile .
Iran contends that it is not trying to develop nuclear weapons , and that its program is for energy production .
The White House declined to comment on the deployments .
But administration officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity said the moves have several aims .
“ Our first goal is to deter the Iranians , ” said one senior administration official .
“ A second is to reassure the Arab states , so they do n’t feel they have to go nuclear themselves .
But there is certainly an element of calming the Israelis as well . ”
As Iran ’s nuclear program proceeds — more slowly , American intelligence officials say , than the United States had once thought — Israel has hinted at various times that it might take military action against the country ’s military facilities unless it is convinced that Mr. Obama and Western allies are succeeding in stopping the program .
Mr. Obama ’s national security adviser , Gen. James L. Jones , took an unannounced trip to Israel this month , partly to take the temperature of the Israeli government and to review both economic and covert programs now under way against the Iranian program , according to officials familiar with the meeting .
American officials argue that the willingness of Arab states to take the American emplacements , which usually come with a small deployment of American soldiers to operate , maintain and protect the equipment , illustrates the region ’s growing unease about Iran ’s ambitions and abilities .
But thanks to some lesser known , state - of - the - art gaming peripherals , other companies are way ahead on game controller innovation .
Way , way ahead , into a land where only the crazy people dwell .
The rest of the gaming industry has gotten awfully jealous of all the money Nintendo is making with their Wii and all its unconventional controllers .
Now everybody wants on board the Wiimote / Balance Board gravy train , and sure enough Sony and Microsoft have their own motion controls on the way .
8 Virtusphere
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Virtual reality has long been the Holy Grail of the video gaming world , because for some reason nothing less than total digital immersion is acceptable in a future where we have n't even figured out how to clone dinosaurs or get our cars to fly .
While most engineers are content with perfecting futuristic headsets and handheld devices to approximate virtual reality , the inventors of the Virtusphere seek to take the notion one step further , a phrase which here means " locking players inside a giant hamster ball . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Virtusphere is a 10 - foot hollow sphere housed on a special platform that is covered in wheels , allowing encased players to walk , run and roll around in a virtual environment viewed entirely through a wireless headset , sort of like that time you taped a Scooby Doo viewmaster to your face when you were nine and ran around in your backyard pretending you were in the Mystery Machine .
This is what fun used to look like .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
While we fully support massive unwieldy devices constructed purely for entertainment , a gigantic metal ball noisily grinding around on castor wheels is n't going to fit inside most people 's living rooms ( you 'd have trouble fitting the damn thing in a high school gymnasium ) .
Even if your house had a big enough room to fit this expensive monstrosity in it , if just one wheel slips you 're going to go crashing through the wall trapped inside a hollow boulder like the opening scene of Raiders of the Lost Ark .
Amir Khan 's cornerman had not even backed down the steps before he put a cold end to Dmitriy Salita 's ambitions inside 10 seconds on Saturday night in Newcastle .
Salita , the orthodox Jew with the unorthodox
No 1 ranking from the World Boxing Association , regained his feet from the first knockdown , was dropped twice more and , after only 76 seconds , was finally rescued from a massacre made necessary by the avarice of a sanctioning body .
Khan was perfect in his annihilation , barely taking a breath and certainly not taking a single punch from the virgin fists of the 10 - stone sacrifice from Brooklyn in New York .
It was a savage reminder that boxing can be a nasty old business on both sides of the ropes , and when the many men in suits , including what looked like a rabbi , surrounded the defeated Salita it was hard not to think of all the airline tickets .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It was the step in the direction of greatness that Khan deserves and he looked mightily impressive taking care of business , even if Salita 's improbable and dangerous position at the top of the WBA 's rankings was comical .
It was a clinical performance worthy of high praise , but the talk of Salita being a mandatory challenger and somehow deserving of the fight should be shelved for ever .
" I'm not even at my peak yet , " said Khan .
" This has sent a warning to the American boxing business and the fighters .
I will fight there , but I want to fight in England again . "
There had been some mixed and confusing messages from Khan and his promoter Frank Warren in the last days before the first bell .
Khan appeared to suggest that he would only fight in America in the future and claimed that a degree of racism was stopping him from being a bigger name .
Warren , who was understandably furious , sought out people to blame for the story .
" This has nothing to do with race , religion or colour – this is sport and Amir is loved .
He 's been put under pressure since he was a kid of 17 on some controversial subjects , and I just wish that people would concentrate on what he does best , " fumed Warren .
Thankfully , it all ended in smiles and it has to be said that after 22 fights it is likely that the reception on Saturday night was the best that Khan has ever received from a totally mixed audience , who had entered into a carnival atmosphere long before Khan sent his fists flying .
At the fight 's brief conclusion nobody left and Khan looked like he was close to tears as they chanted his name and remained at the scene of the mayhem long after Khan had finally departed for the changing room to be reunited with his beloved phone , which had been confiscated 10 days before the fight .
" That was a great night , the crowd loved it , " insisted Warren .
" All fighters want to box in New York or Las Vegas , but Amir still has some things to do here .
He 's never fought at a football stadium in front of 40,000 or more people .
We will all sit down and see where we are going . "
There is no doubt that Khan could fill the Reebok in his hometown just before the World Cup , but the timing of future fights is crucial because of the presence and increasing influence of the boxer 's trainer Freddie Roach and his Wildcard gym in Hollywood .
It was Roach who put a broken Khan back together 12 months ago after the boxer was stopped inside one minute by Breidis Prescott , and it is Roach who receives all the praise in victory .
However , Roach 's main source of income is Manny Pacquiao and it looks like the boxing genius from the Philippines will be fighting Floyd Mayweather in either March or May next year , in a fight that could see both boxers make $ 50 million .
Khan , Roach confirmed , will be Pacquiao's main sparring partner for the fight and could in theory fight a month later in America , but nothing is certain yet .
Khan was Saturday 's co-promoter alongside Warren , and the boxer is keen for the pair to work together if and when a fight takes place in America .
However , Khan 's status and profile has led to inquiries for his services from promotional beasts Bob Arum and Oscar de La Hoya 's Golden Boy and it will be crowded and confusing when Khan fights in America .
Warren is a big boy and is perfectly capable of putting on a big show in Las Vegas , Atlantic City or New York having done so in the past with Joe Calzaghe and Naseem Hamed .
However , a named opponent will be critical to the fight 's financial success and both Arum and De La Hoya have the promotional clout to deliver a name that will satisfy the bosses at HBO , who will hopefully stump up the necessary cash : boxing is a simple business in many ways .
There is a long long list for Khan including Juan Manuel Marquez , Jose Castillo , Paulie Malignaggi , Juan Diaz and even Marcos Rene Maidana .
There is also the presence of Dagenham 's Kevin Mitchell , who rightly stole some of Khan 's limelight on Saturday by giving Prescott a severe boxing lesson over 12 fantastic rounds .
The fight was a test for unbeaten Mitchell , who has been screaming for a Khan fight since 2004 , and has now finally put himself in the frame with a performance of class .
" Kevin is a friend of mine , but sometimes friends have to fight – that is just the way it happens , " said Khan .
This is a fight that only Warren can make happen and it would leave the winner a huge star in Britain .
Khan , however , clearly has ambitions of a global nature , as does Roach .
" This is just the start for Amir , " insisted Roach in his distinctive growling whisper .
" He can go to 147 [ welterweight ] and he 's big enough to go all the way to 160 [ middleweight ] and become a multi- title winner .
He can do it . "
By midnight everybody involved had forgotten Salita 's minor role on a night of glory and it is unlikely that the little idol from Bolton will ever have such an easy night again , and that suits him perfectly .
Seconds away : Countdown to victory
8 -10 sec
Khan hits Salita with an explosive left - right combo and connects with a clean right hand which floors the New Yorker in the middle of the ring .
15 - 20 sec
Salita stands up from the blow but his eyes are glazed over and legs are wobbling , he gets an eight count from the referee .
30 - 40 sec
Khan strikes Salita swiftly with forceful punches , the startled Salita cannot respond and holds on desperately to Khan , the referee steps in to break up the fighters .
40 - 55 sec
Khan catches Salita on the chin with a rapid left hook to back him into the corner , where Khan unleashes a flurry of blows to put the dazed Salita down to his knees , the referee again steps in , the crowd think he will stop the fight .
Salita responds to the referee 's eight count for a second time .
60 - 70 sec
Khan delivers a combination of quick , powerful and accurate shots to the head and body with no answer from Salita to put him against the ropes
72-76 sec
Khan finishes Salita with a devastating left jab to the chin .
The referee ends the fight with Salita knocked down for a third time .
Here ’s the deal .
Your stepdad , stepmom , guardian , caregiver or actual biological parent screwed up .
Oh , they meant well , but they got it wrong .
Not on purpose .
But because they did n’t understand .
They filled your head with what ended up being lies and now you are walking around somewhat confused .
Your instincts are saying one thing but the voices your parents put in your head are saying something else .
Let me clear it up for you .
The only thing your parents got right was multiculturalism .
Everything else is questionable .
Here ’s the skinny , ( stop looking at me funny , it ’s an old phrase ) ,
The Tests Do n’t Matter
In school they bombarded you with a bunch of tests .
Made sure you did well on them .
Complete .
Waste.Of.Time .
Tests do n’t mean shit .
There is nobody keeping score in the real world , except you .
The only ability you need after middle school is the ability to learn .
Quickly .
Things are changing too fast for you to remember them .
We have computers and Google for that .
Corporations Do n’t Matter
I ’m sure your caregiver wants or wanted you to get a good job at a big corporation with tons of benefits .
Wrong move .
The bigger the company the faster they fail and the harder it is to stop their failure .
You want to go small where you can be important faster and have a say when things need to change .
Fast .
Benefits ?
If a company is giving great benefits they probably wo n’t be around too long .
I know you ’ve been coddled all your life but you gotta take care of yourself .
Do n’t take a job for it ’s medical plan .
Take a job because of your future plan .
You are not your fucking khakis .
Your mom made money so she could move you to a better neighborhood and buy a SUV .
But take a look around .
Status symbols are bullshit .
You are not your zipcode .
You are not the car your stepdad drives .
Everybody can afford everything anyway .
Poor kids in the projects are sporting Lexus ’ and Vendi .
If your judging yourself by the stuff you got you are sure to get fucked .
Country does n’t matter .
I know we ’re at war but the world is flat .
A Jew hating redneck who lives next door is just that , a Jew hating redneck who lives next door .
You probably have more in common with a skateboard riding , hip hop listening , kid who lives in India .
It ’s the values that are important , not the land .
Things really are different .
Like the folks who got all freaked as we moved from an agricultural to an industrial economy some parents are freaked and are still teaching kids the importance of tractors .
Be polite , nod respectfully , but pack your bags and move into the city as fast as you can .
And feel free to view this on your cellphone .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
