It starts with the voice .
If you want to appreciate the brilliance of Brian Baumgartner ’s performance as the slow - witted Kevin on The Office , all you need to do is look up a YouTube clip of the actor being interviewed and marvel at the difference between the actor ’s rich baritone and the character ’s mushy lisp .
Even on a show where self - awareness is scarce , Kevin stands out for his lack of guile .
His uncomplicated sweetness provides a relief from the show ’s intrigues , and his obliviousness allows some of its most outrageous asides .
Although he rarely commands the spotlight , he ’s the cast member most likely to knock a simple line out of the park , while remaining sublimely unaware he ’s said anything funny at all .
Baumgartner called up The A.V. Club during
The Office ’s holiday hiatus to talk about the voice , his character ’s subtle evolution , and the sinking - ship feeling of the show ’s early days .
Advertisement
The A.V. Club :
You ’ve talked before about how the description of Kevin in the pilot script was fairly schematic .
You knew that , like his counterpart in the British version , he was physically large and a bit thick - witted , and not much more .
How much did you have to bring to that initial description ?
Brian Baumgartner : Well , you know , a good number of the characters on the show began as sort of American versions of their British counterparts .
So there was Keith in the British version , and he became Kevin .
Creatively … they both start with “ K . ”
In the initial pilot episode , which was essentially an absolute redo of the British pilot , that was where he was , which I would describe sort of lovingly as sort of a big lump of coal .
As the show progressed , and because NBC was interested in the show staying around longer than 12 episodes — because in America we need that to make all the balance sheets work — we started to find out other things about him .
He really was one of those characters , fairly early on , that I felt like with my urging and the writers ’ keen insight , we could start to make him a well - rounded character and not just a sitcom stereotype .
That started early on in all areas of production , including wardrobe .
The costume designer was like , “ Okay , this guy would wear a really tight shirt and have stains all over him , and it would be untucked , and he would be slovenly , ” and it was like , “ Well , let ’s wait a second .
Let ’s look at him as something else , someone who may wear Dockers , but he ’s really trying his best . ”
And we began to find out other things about him .
That he won a World Series Of Poker bracelet , that he was really good at basketball .
Advertisement
AVC : Scrantonicity .
BB : That he had a fiancée , that he had a band .
And there was this other life that was happening sort of outside of the office that hopefully made people interested in finding out more about him .
The character began to transform , quite frankly , as he got more to do , and there became this child - like impishness , this playfulness , a sense that he did have something going on outside .
It ’s interesting , we were talking fairly recently that , other than Angela , who everyone considers a bitch , he kind of gets along with everybody .
Nobody hates him or dismisses him .
There ’s evidence that he and Jim play fantasy football or whatever .
He and Dwight enjoy fireworks together .
He and Michael get along fine .
He has become , I think , in a way , that maybe not overly intelligent everyman that exists , and you get the feeling will always exist , exactly in this place .
Advertisement
AVC : That ’s one of the tricky things about the character .
You want him to grow and not just say the same catchphrase for 10 seasons , but at the same time , he ’s also fairly circumscribed in terms of who he is , his intelligence and his general energy level .
On the other hand , that also provides the opportunity for comic non sequiturs .
Our expectations are so low that it ’s easy to surprise us .
Does that provide a little more leeway with him than the other characters ?
BB : Totally .
As we were discussing fairly recently , it is not believable that Kevin would progress or change in terms of a work - related promotion , or that he would suddenly find that he ’s really good at X , Y , or Z .
That ’s not the character that we ’ve formed .
But I will say , and we started this season in terms of doing that — in the wedding episode , for example , he has decided now he ’s not seen as a good dresser .
What if he starts to make a little more effort ?
Now of course with his logic , that means wearing a toupee solely for the wedding ceremony without acknowledging that he would need to begin to do that a little bit earlier , not the night before .
But he begins to make an effort and find things outside of him .
In a number of times throughout the show , they have used his struggles concurrently or on some sort of parallel path with Michael ’s love story .
So he has a fiancée , and they broke up , and there was the — [ Laughs . ] granted , very one - sided — love triangle with Holly [ Amy Ryan ] .
Advertisement
A really beautiful episode for Kevin was the Valentine ’s Day episode last year .
Michael had broken up with Holly , and Kevin had been dumped in some mysterious way by his ex-fiancée , and Michael in a way really helped him find love from this other girl in the office , which at this point has been disintegrated .
I think that he wants that , and I do hope that we are able to , over the next however long we have going to continue , explore ways that he finds small successes or finds a relationship inside or out of the office that does move him forward .
At this point , six seasons in , there ’s a joy from an audience perspective in that with him , and a lot of the characters , we know what his responses will be .
There ’s not going to be a whole lot of change or growth within that .
I think that if the writers continue to give him opportunities to make some changes outside , that he can grow .
I think the jury ’s still out .
We ’ll see how it plays out .
But I ’m certainly interested in that .
AVC : One thing that might be challenging from an acting perspective is that there ’s basically no subtext with Kevin .
What he says is what , if anything , he is thinking .
Advertisement
BB : That is exactly right .
I have always thought of it as , not only is it exactly what he ’s thinking in the moment , but he has no real memory of what happened before , what preceded it , and no real acknowledgment of the ramifications of what he may say later .
He just sort of does it .
Which I think is pretty awesome .
I ’ve had all of these people recently bring up this fist - bumping thing , that Kevin does a lot of fist - bumping , and they ’re like , “ Where did that come from ? ”
It was like something we did ; I feel like it was episode eight or something , before fist - bumping was anything , and it has continued to evolve .
But again , his gesture is not really going to change .
That is just what he does , whether the thing is cool or not or whatever .
But I think … I do n’t know .
You expect stuff from him and that gives pleasure , hopefully .
AVC : Is that difficult from an acting standpoint ?
You ca n’t Stanislavski that .
There ’s no motivation .
Advertisement
BB : Right .
I do n’t know .
This sounds a little cheesy or whatever , but we know the characters now so well .
To be given a… The longest run that I had in a play was a year , and that was interminable .
I thought it was so difficult , and would think about people who would run shows for years .
Now granted , that ’s every night or whatever …
AVC : And the same material .
BB : Exactly , of course .
We just know the characters so well now .
Everybody ’s fairly good at improv , and we do change some stuff around .
Knowing the characters so well and how they will respond is for us , part of the fun .
And , I think , a difficulty for the directors , because it becomes difficult at times to tell a character not to do something , that they would know somehow better or something .
It ’s a very difficult balance in that way .
Advertisement
AVC : How much of an effect do directors have on The Office ?
So many of the decisions a film director would make — casting , setting , visual style , tone — are made before they even get there .
How much does it change from week to week depending on who a director is and whether they come from within the world of the show , or if it ’s somebody like Joss Whedon ?
BB : You know , I think every week is different in a lot of ways .
Television is certainly a writers - led medium .
They ’re the ones who are there , they ’re the ones that are conferencing or whatever , with directors coming and going .
You really have to make this choice at this point , because we ’re setting up four episodes from now or whatever .
Obviously the cast is all there , as you indicated .
But I do feel like that a good director who comes in can continue to add something .
We ’re really lucky .
We ’ve had the same director of photography , who holds one of the cameras , and the other guy who holds the other camera , we ’ve had the same guys since episode two .
So in terms of a large part of the job on our show specifically , what makes the show complex and interesting and funnier are the conversations about “ Where ’s the camera ? ” and “ How aware are the characters of the camera ?
Are the cameras hidden for this shot ?
Is it a spy shot from far away ?
Or is it really close and in their face , and they sort of have to play to it in an embarrassing situation ? ”
There ’s a whole other level of questions and choices that come into play on our show that are not even a factor in anything else .
Advertisement
So I think directors can help and add and enhance that stuff , but we have our director of photography and other camera guys who understand how the cameras move , and understand some of the basic choices that we made , and that we ’ve found to be effective that can help and guide someone who ’s coming in for the first time .
You have directors who are much more interested in camera and that stuff , and you have directors who are much more interested in characters and quote - unquote acting stuff .
I do n’t really know what that means , but much more focused on working with the actors and the specific choices that are made .
It ’s totally different .
Because of the success of the show , the directors have come in for an episode or two or four or whatever , J.J. Abrams , Harold Ramis , and Jason Reitman , just some amazing people who ’ve come in , and obviously our own writing staff and so forth has become very skilled , and understands the show as well as anybody .
So it ’s cool .
AVC : One of the unusual things about the show is that so many people from the writing staff are also in the cast .
Do you have a sense of how that affects the dynamic on set ?
Advertisement
BB : Greg Daniels , who created the American version of the show , one of the things he did was Saturday Night Live , and I think that the collaborative model was there from the very beginning .
I think it started as giving writers who — except for B.J. Novak — giving writers who are also actors an opportunity to play little roles as they came up : Mindy Kaling is a good example , or Paul Lieberstein as Toby .
And then they evolved into being characters and wanting input from the actors in terms of the direction of their characters for writing or improv-ing specific moments , and the idea was that it was an ensemble on every level .
There are some difficulties in that [ approach ] when you start talking about the volume of episodes we ’re doing now .
We ’re talking about 28 , 27 episodes a year .
There was a period , I ca n’t even remember what season , where because all of the specific writers of the specific episodes are on set every shot when we ’re shooting that episode , it was like , “ Uh , guys , there ’s nobody in the writers ’ room anymore . ” [ Laughs . ]
So the pragmatic thing that happened was , if you notice , everyone who is a quote - unquote full - time writer — I mean , other people have written other stuff or whatever — is back in the back room , so they ’re needed on most episodes 50 , or 70 , or 80 percent less .
Back in that annex , which is really just B.J. and Mindy and Paul .
AVC : Sometimes they write good things for themselves , but a lot of times , if , say , Mindy ’s name is up front , that means Kelly is n’t around so much that episode .
Advertisement
BB : That ’s true .
I think to a large degree , that is based on to what degree the story they ’re writing is a quote - unquote group episode , group meaning all of the characters together all the time , which happens quite often .
Part of it depends on that , but part of it is about that other thing I said , which is that the writers who write a specific episode are shepherding or overseeing that episode , so they ’re busy doing other things .
There were some jokes early on , I think it was season two , the booze - cruise episode , and I know it ’s sort of an easy joke to make , because Michael hates
Toby or whatever , but there ’s one shot where Toby missed the boat and they left without him .
AVC : Right .
BB : Well , that meant he was off for that week .
Let ’s take one little joke and then free him up to be able to write the next episode , or whatever it was .
Advertisement
AVC : It also is n’t a cast that looks like other casts on television .
The documentary framework allowed them to cast people like Phyllis Smith , whose previous experience was mainly as a casting director .
BB : Well , funny how the show ’s been fairly successful .
It is kind of another way to do it , right ?
[ Laughs . ]
Advertisement
AVC : Do you have a sense of how that affects the dynamic on set ?
BB : You know , the way people look , I do n’t know .
I would say it ’s more the ensemble was born pretty quickly , very early , when you consider that really , nobody was known when the show started .
Which is almost inconceivable now , when you look around .
Advertisement
AVC : Well , Steve Carell .
BB : Well , Steve … let ’s be honest .
The Daily Show was not what The Daily Show is now .
Advertisement
AVC : No .
BB : Steve was a correspondent and he had one , what was in my mind supporting - role - stealing movie role , which was Bruce Almighty .
And that was kind of it .
Rainn had done Six Feet Under , but again , when you ’re talking about network television , he had done that for a year or whatever , and let ’s face it , not a whole lot of people knew who he was , either .
And everybody else was kind of not [ known ] .
So we were all in this ship that early on was sinking pretty quickly .
We were together , and all we could do was be locked in this room for 14 hours a day and try to come up with something funny .
It was sort of no ego from the very beginning , no ego , none of that stuff .
You take a show like House , and essentially it ’s Hugh Laurie with this character , and Hugh Laurie with this character , and Hugh Laurie with that character .
And they come in a day a week — I do n’t know what their schedule is , but you know what I ’m saying .
For us , we were all there all the time together , which I think established this closeness and trust and all of the cheesy arty words .
But I really feel like that was true .
Advertisement
AVC : Even physically , the environment of the open - plan office means that you ’re required to be on set even if you ’re not officially part of the scene , because we ’ll see characters working in the background all the time .
BB : Exactly , and we are .
There are no fake walls .
It ’s truly a real - looking office .
When we first started shooting , we were in a different location the first six episodes .
We had a soundstage and there was like a basketball court setup that we eventually did the basketball episode in , and that ’s where we had lunch .
That ’s where we shot , and the production offices were upstairs .
It ’s pretty confining , that conference room with 16 people in it .
There ’s no fake holes for the camera guys to be in .
We ’re literally just in there .
Advertisement
AVC : One of the things that jumps out immediately when you start doing research is how different your voice is from Kevin’s .
Where did the voice come from ?
BB : Yeah , I do n’t know .
It ’s really difficult to say .
It goes back in a way to what you were talking about , which is that we all came from different backgrounds .
And it ’s true .
You have improv : Kate Flannery , Angela Kinsey , and Oscar Nuñez came from the improv world .
And then you have stand - up people like Craig Robinson and B.J. Novak , and Steven is sort of a conglomeration of theater and improv , with his Second City stuff .
And I came from the theater , so for me , what I knew early on , not that I had n’t done improv , but it was really about constructing a character .
It being the first significant thing I ’d done on television , nobody said , “ Hey dude , what if this thing runs six years ? ” [ Laughs . ]
“ You ’re going to be stuck with this little Dutch boy hairstyle and this construction of this voice you ’ve come up with . ”
That was just sort of what I knew .
Obviously , I get it a lot from whoever walks up to me on the street about the voice or whatever , but I really do n’t know how else to say it except that ’s just what made sense to me .
In terms of creating who the character was , and I say with as much humility as I can , I ’m kind of proud that it ’s lasted six years .
When you look around on television , by and large physically and vocally , the characters you see are really versions of [ the actors ] themselves .
Not that they would necessarily behave the same way .
But I do think it is a different and unique situation .
But in terms of how it came about , it was just a construction of what the character description was .
And it ’s difficult , because he speaks really slow .
Advertisement
AVC : And sort of … wet .
BB : Yes . [ Laughs . ]
Yes , yes he does .
AVC : One of the reasons people speak the way they do on TV is for clarity .
Kevin is not something you could get away with on a show that did n’t have that pseudo - documentary background .
You ca n’t imagine someone speaking like that on a more traditional single - camera show .
Advertisement
BB : I know .
It ’s tricky with those talking heads .
They ’re like , “ Okay , now can we try to speed it up just a little bit ?
If we want it to stay in the show , it ca n’t last two and a half minutes .
So let ’s just try to have him speak fast . ”
It ’s a unique challenge , but we ’re stuck with it at this point .
There ’s two things that I think are fun that have now developed .
This storyline that was wildly successful was probably the greatest single table - read joke and continuing story that happened , which was Holly thinking that Kevin was slow .
And really the reason behind that , which was n’t conscious , it was essentially the payoff of a joke that was set up for four years .
Only through all of that time and seeing him in all of those circumstances that you could see how someone would think that .
It just paid off in this amazing way , and she was so great and played it so well .
So there was that .
It was funny , because we still watch the show .
They always turn out slightly different than what you think .
So I was watching it last night , and there was a joke in the episode last night [ “ Murder ” ] about how slow Kevin talks .
But a joke not like a sitcom joke .
When Michael says you ’ve got to pretend to be these different characters , and if you talk really slow , maybe you got kicked in the head by a horse .
Advertisement
AVC : So much of sitcom style comes from screwball comedy and always keeping the pace up , and Kevin goes in completely the opposite direction .
BB : I think so .
In the British version , the transition in between scenes was a copier going , and just the mundane and the slow .
I think that early on , Kevin was born out of that idea , that we do n’t need to hurry for anybody .
But let ’s be honest , at this point , our show does n’t do that , it does n’t try to do that .
It does move from one thing to another much more quickly , but some of the greatest moments still are some of the moments when there is just a stop .
Nothing happens , and the camera looks around and gets the reaction of Phyllis and Stanley and Andy , and we move on .
I think it was born out of that specific thing .
There was n’t a network executive standing around going , “ Louder , faster , funnier ! ”
Capcom announced today that the Mega Man Zero Collection would be coming to the Nintendo DS handheld platform in the early Summer of 2010 .
The collection will consist of all 4 Mega Man Zero titles for the Game Boy Advance , which collectively sold over 500,000 copies in North America alone .
Upon its release , the games were praised for returning to the roots of the series , though many reviewers said that the difficulty level might make them inacessible to some .
Check out some screenshots after the jump .
Learn the Best Leg Exercises
Ankle , Hip , and Knee Exercises
Here you can learn all the best leg exercises and get free leg workouts .
This site is All About the Legs .
My name is Charles Inniss , and I am both a physical therapist and personal trainer .
I will work diligently to build the best lower body exercise website on the internet .
Here you 'll learn ...
The Best Ankle Exercises
The Best Calf Exercises
The Best Knee Exercises
The Best Hamstring Exercises
The Best Thigh Exercises
The Best Butt Exercises and
The Best Hip Exercises
In addition , you 'll get free leg workouts or you can use all the leg exercises on this site to create your own leg workouts .
I will also have sections on knee injuries , ankle injuries , and hip injuries .
My goal is to make this website the best resource on the internet for fitness information about leg exercises .
If you 've found this site in the early stages , please come back often as I will be updating it constantly .
I truly hope that it helps you reach your fitness goals .
Yours in Health ,
Dr. Charles PT /PT
Join Us on Facebook
QSL Cards
November 9 , 2009
" QSL cards are a ham radio operator 's calling card and are frequently an expression of individual creativity - from a photo of the operator at his station to original artwork , images of the operator 's home town or surrounding countryside , etc .
They are frequently created with a good dose of individual pride .
Consequently , the collecting of QSL cards of especially interesting designs has become an add - on hobby to the simple gathering of printed documentation of a ham 's communications over the course of his or her radio career . "
- Wikipedia
This set at hi-res on flickr
FDA approves rapid saliva test for AIDS virus
( Agencies )
Updated : 2004-03-27 09:06
The United States approved the first rapid saliva test for the HIV virus that causes AIDS , health officials said on Friday .
The test , made by OraSure Technologies Inc. , provides results within 20 minutes with 99 percent accuracy .
Other approved rapid HIV tests require blood samples .
Shares of Bethlehem , Pennsylvania - based OraSure gained $ 1.55 , or 19.02 percent , to close at $ 9.70 on Nasdaq .
" This oral test provides another important option for people who might be afraid of a blood test , " Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson said .
Officials also said the test , called the OraQuick Rapid HIV - 1/2 , could help on two fronts , encouraging more people to get tested as well as actually getting them the results .
One - fourth of the roughly 900,000 HIV - infected people in the United States are not aware they have the virus , according to estimates by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
People given standard tests that take a week or two often do not return to get the results .
With a rapid test , a patient can get an answer in just one clinic visit .
Those who test positive can start treatment quickly and take steps to keep from spreading the virus .
The new saliva test also helps protect health - care workers from becoming infected with HIV because they do not have to handle blood , officials said .
The device could be a valuable tool in fighting the AIDS epidemic in Africa because it is so quick and accurate , Thompson said .
U.S. aid agencies at some point might buy the tests for distribution in Africa , but no plans are yet in place , Thompson said .
The OraSure saliva test is cleared for detecting antibodies to HIV - 1 , but not for HIV - 2 , the strain prevalent in parts of Africa .
OraSure 's 20 - minute blood test for HIV is approved for both types .
Only a minority of African patients who test positive for HIV have access to medicines that can suppress the virus .
The Bush administration came under criticism this week from AIDS activists , who accused the government of pushing expensive , brand - name drugs in poor countries over cheaper generics .
The administration has said it is concerned that the generics , which often mix several drugs in one pill , may not be safe or completely effective in the long term .
The new test involves wiping a swab along the gums and placing it into a liquid in the testing device .
When antibodies to the HIV virus are detected , two reddish - purple lines appear on the device .
Results should be confirmed by a second , more specific test , the Food and Drug Administration said .
At first , the new saliva test will be available only at hospitals and major clinics which are approved to use that type of test .
OraSure could apply for a federal waiver to allow more widespread use at health - care facilities .
The saliva tests could eventually be sold without prescription in drug stores , as pregnancy tests are , Thompson said .
The test would have to clear several regulatory hurdles first .
Officials would have to consider how patients might react to the results at home , without health - care workers on hand , said Jesse Goodman , director of the FDA 's Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research .
False positives could be troublesome , he said .
Separately , OraSure said the FDA was requiring additional data before it would clear the company 's Uplink Oral Fluid Drug Detection System , a test for cocaine , marijuana and other abused drugs .
Spiders who show off smile - like markings are much more than Internet memes and they ’re not here to make you laugh , either .
Just the opposite : these spiders ’ bold faces serve to scare and confuse potential predators .
Happy now ?
Cat -Faced Spider
( images via : CSU CoopExt and BugGuide )
The Cat - Faced Spider ( Araneus gemmoides ) is an orb weaver spider found in the American west and Pacific northwest .
Often found around houses in areas lit by artificial lighting at night , cat - faced spiders may look somewhat creepy but they ’re not poisonous .
( image via : Tocayo750 )
Cat -Faced Spiders are rather small ; only about 1 / 5 of an inch wide , and the females are much larger than the males .
They may display light or dark forms though the “ face ” stands out more on the lighter , straw - colored variants .
I can haz fliez ?
Spinybacked Orbweaver Spider
( images via : BugGuide , What ’s That Bug? , Islandmom and Dan Poore )
The Spinybacked Orbweaver ( Gasteracantha cancriformis ) can’t seem to decide if it wants to be Jason Voorhees from the Friday the 13th slasher films or Jack Skellington from The Nightmare Before Christmas .
Let ’s hope it makes up its mind soon – this transitional form is way freaky .
( images via : Roberta Davidson and Gojeffrey )
Spinybacked Orbweaver Spiders come in several different contrasting color combinations which allows them to play goalie for a number of IHL ( Insect Hockey League ) teams .
Cerbalus Aravensis
( images via : Wired Science and RainbowWarrior2005 )
Cerbalus Aravensis is a frighteningly large spider with a 5.5 inches legspan that lives in and around the sand dunes on the Israel - Jordan border .
From certain angles , Cerbalus Aravensis ’ head and body resemble the face of an elderly tribesman who might live in that area of the middle east .
Like , in a cave or something .
( image via : National Geographic )
Biologist Uri Shanas of the University of Haifa - Oranim in Israel discovered the arachnid , hopefully not in a dark room while reaching for his towel .
Said Shanas , “ It is rare to find a new species of spider – at least around this part of the world – which is so big . ”
You ’re next , Osama .
Bold Jumping Spider
( images via : Stephen Cresswell , Ardradevir and Hartman Prehistoric Garden )
The Bold Jumping Spider ( Phidippus audax ) is n’t so much bold as it is , well , distinctive .
Aha , but that ’s just what they WANT you to think … while you ’re smirking with amusement at the cartoonish white - on - black clownface decorating Phidippus ’s posterior , a massive set of metallic blue - green fang - tipped chelicerae close in for the killing blow .
Well , do n’t worry too much , Phidippus audax is large for a Jumping Spider but its legspan is less than the diameter of a penny .
( image via : Salamandrella )
Be nice to any Bold Jumping Spiders you may see in and around your home – they ’re harmless to humans but are hell on other bugs .
Plus , they ’ve been known to ward off the occasional bill collector , even with just seven legs .
Venusta Orchard Spider
( image via : Spiderzrule )
The Orchard Spider ( Leucauge venusta ) is commonly found along the American east coast , and not just in orchards .
This is a large and varied group of spiders and they sport a wide variety of different abdominal markings .
The Venusta Orchard Spiders pictured display eye & mouth spots that range in hue from vivid red through orange and yellow to light green .
( image via : Webanswers )
Often mistaken for Black Widow spiders or the similar ( and also dangerous ) Brown Widow , Venusta Orchard Spiders are not harmful and if left alone , will remain as happy as they appear .
Golden Silk Spider
( images via : Nick ’s Spiders , Edupic and Frank Starmer / IT Lab )
What spins a web a yard wide and looks like an eight - legged human skull ?
Your worst nightmare , yes , but also the Golden Silk Spider ( Nephila clavipes ) .
Forget about goofy happy faces , this guy means business .
Also known as Calico Spiders , these bad boys do n’t bother with using their bloated abdomens to show threatening patterns , their skull - like heads are quite fearsome enough in their own right , thank you very much .
( image via : Shady Grove Training Center )
A native of Florida and the American southeast , the golden silk spider is one of the country ’s largest orb - weaver spiders .
Females can be up to 1.5 inches ( 40 mm ) long , which does n’t seem so big until you factor in the legspan – about the width of a small dinner plate .
Goldenrod Crab Spider
( image via : Nature Canada Blog )
The Goldenrod Crab Spider may be small but like other members of its family , it makes up for what it lacks in size with stealth , speed , camouflage and the odd freaky face – speaking of which , check out the set of images above .
Somewhat reminiscent of the climactic scene from the original 1958 film version of The Fly , these shots of a Goldenrod Crab Spider ( Misumena vatia ) giving a wayward bee the kiss of death are even creepier , if that ’s possible .
( images via : Arizonensis , Duke U and Magickcanoe )
The snowy white Goldenrod Crab Spider above unintentionally uses its ghostly “ face ” and a pair of its legs to approximate the famous Edvard Munch painting , The Scream … appropriate , no ?
Hawaiian Happy Face Spider
( images via : The Nature Conservancy and Corral.net Forums )
Spiders do n’t make most people feel all warm & fuzzy .. maybe because they ’re just too warm & fuzzy , but not in a good way .
Not so the Happy Face Spider ( Theridion grallator ) , found in the Hawaiian islands .
When asked to comment on this tiny arachnid , Dr Geoff Oxford ( a spider expert from the UK’s University of York ) said : “ I must admit when I turned over the first leaf and saw one it certainly brought a smile to my face . ”
Not the reaction the Happy Face Spider was seeking , perhaps , but at least Oxford did n’t eat it .
( image via : Impact Lab )
Theridion grallator can display a wide range of contrasting abdominal markings that vary from one individual to another , indicating that contrast is the point and not the “ smile ” we humans find so captivating .
( image via : Daily Mail UK )
The Happy Face Spider is considered to be endangered as it ’s only found in Hawaii and like so many other wild creatures , is threatened by encroachment by humans and the resulting loss of its preferred habitat .
It would be sad indeed if the Happy Face Spider ( and its charismatic cousins ) should smile no more .
Lawyers for a terrorism suspect once held at Guantánamo Bay who is now facing prosecution in Manhattan asked a judge on Tuesday to dismiss his case on the ground that his nearly five years in detention denied him his constitutional right to a speedy trial .
The terrorism suspect , Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani , was captured in Pakistan in 2004 , held for two years in secret prisons run by the C.I.A. , and then moved in 2006 to the naval base at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba .
During his detention , he says , he was subjected to cruel interrogation techniques and denied a lawyer .
Although Mr. Ghailani faces charges stemming from a terrorist act that predated the Sept. 11 attacks , his speedy trial motion could foreshadow issues that could arise in the prosecution of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed , the professed organizer of the 9/11 plot , and four other Guantánamo detainees who were recently ordered sent to New York for trial .
“ We respectfully submit that this case presents possibly the most unique and egregious example of a speedy trial violation in American jurisprudence to date , ” Mr. Ghailani ’s lawyers said in a motion that was heavily censored because of its reliance on classified information .
The motion was originally filed several weeks ago with Judge Lewis A. Kaplan , but it was kept almost entirely under seal pending a review by the government .
The new version , with many pages blacked out , was made public on Tuesday .
“ This motion asks one primary question , ” the lawyers , Peter E. Quijano , Michael K. Bachrach and Gregory Cooper , wrote .
“ Can national security trump an indicted defendant ’s constitutional Right to a Speedy Trial ?
We respectfully submit that the answer is emphatically and without qualification , ‘ No . ’ ”
Mr. Ghailani , a Tanzanian who is believed to be in his mid-30s , has pleaded not guilty .
He has been charged with conspiring to help carry out Al Qaeda ’s 1998 bombings of the American Embassies in Kenya and Tanzania , attacks that killed 224 people .
The military has also said that he later served as a cook and a bodyguard for Osama bin Laden .
A spokeswoman for the United States attorney ’s office in Manhattan had no comment on the filing .
How To Create ASCII Drawings in Vim Editor ( Draw Boxes , Lines , Ellipses , Arrows Inside Text File )
You can create line drawings in Vim editor using the Vim Draw It !
plugin .
You can draw flow charts , ER diagrams , or any other diagrams that can be created as line drawing inside a text editor using this plugin .
2 Steps to install drawit.vim
Step 1 : Download latest version of the plugin from vim.org
Download the plugin from vim.org
$ cd ~ $ wget - O DrawIt.vba.gz http://www.vim.org/scripts/download_script.php?src_id=8798
Step 2 : Install the DrawIt !
Vim plugin
$ cd ~ $ vim DrawIt.vba.gz : so % :q
5 Powerful Features of Vim Editor DrawIt !
Plugin
\di will turn on the Drawit !
plugin
will turn on the Drawit !
plugin \ds will turn off the Drawit !
plugin
Feature 1 : Draw as you Navigate inside Vim Editor
From the Vim editor , when you navigate using arrow keys ( left , right , up and down ) it will draw boxes or lines appropriately as per your navigation .
Following is an example of a simple CPU - Input - Output diagram that was drawn inside Vim editor in just few seconds using only navigation keys to draw the boxes and lines .
Fig :
Text diagram created inside Vim editor in few seconds
Feature 2 : Drawing a Box inside Vim Editor ( in Visual Mode )
Step 1 : Select a region using visual selection .
Fig : Visual selection of area to draw a box inside Vim editor
Step 2 : Draw box by pressing \b
Fig :
Box diagram created automatically based on selected area inside text file
Feature 3 : Drawing Ellipse inside Vim Editor ( in Visual Mode )
Step 1 : Select a region using visual selection .
Step 2 : Draw ellipse by pressing \e
Fig : Ellipse diagram created automatically based on selected area inside text file
Feature 4 : Draw Arrows inside Vim Editor
Use the following key strokes to draw the corresponding arrows mentioned below .
> left arrow
left arrow \> fat left arrow
fat left arrow < right arrow
right arrow \< fat arrow
fat arrow ^ up arrow
up arrow \^ fat up arrow
fat up arrow V down arrow
down arrow \V fat down arrow
Feature 5 : Draw Slanting Lines inside Vim Editor
Slanting lines is — front slash and back slash .
Use the following key strokes to draw the corresponding slanting lines
PageDown – Draw \ move down and right
– Draw \ move down and right End – Draw / move down and left
– Draw / move down and left PageUP – Draw / move up and right
– Draw / move up and right Home – Draw \ move up and left
Recommended Reading
Vim 101 Hacks , by Ramesh Natarajan .
I ’m a command - line junkie .
So , naturally I ’m a huge fan of Vi and Vim editors .
Several years back , when I wrote lot of C code on Linux , I used to read all available Vim editor tips and tricks .
Based on my Vim editor experience , I ’ve written Vim 101 Hacks eBook that contains 101 practical examples on various advanced Vim features that will make you fast and productive in the Vim editor .
Even if you ’ve been using Vi and Vim Editors for several years and have not read this book , please do yourself a favor and read this book .
You ’ll be amazed with the capabilities of Vim editor .
If you enjoyed this article , you might also like ..
As a presidential candidate , Barack Obama promised “ transparency ” in government .
The impression was left that we ’d all be able to pull up a chair and watch administration officials and lawmakers hash out their philosophical and policy differences as they make laws that affect our lives .
Specifically , Obama said , “ we ’ll have [ healthcare reform ] negotiations televised on C - SPAN , so the people can see who is making arguments on behalf of their constituents and who is making arguments on behalf of the drug companies or the insurance companies . ”
But now , the White House seems to be pulling back from that pledge , and that ’s rankled some Democrats as well as Republicans , not to mention news analysts and opinion makers always eager for a squabble – especially if it hints at a broken promise .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , backed by the White House , has said the House and Senate – each of which have passed versions of healthcare reform – were putting the final bill together “ behind closed doors according to an agreement by top Democrats . ”
Not so fast , cry Republicans , who are feeling left out even though their general approach on the issue has been “ just say no . ”
“ The negotiations are obviously being done in secret and the American people really just want to know what they are trying to hide , ” said Rep. Tom Price , ( R ) of Georgia .
In a recent letter to congressional leaders , C - SPAN chief executive Brian Lamb asked lawmakers to televise their healthcare discussions .
" The American people pay for all this that goes on in this town , " Mr. Lamb said on the Bill Press Show .
" It 's always been my contention – and it's not a sophisticated , intelligent position , it 's just a gut reaction – that if we pay for something , and it 's the public 's business , we ought to be able to see how it 's done .
It 's just that simple . "
Not surprisingly , Republicans and conservative commentators like Michelle Malkin jumped on Lamb ’s letter and radio comment , even though he says he ’s not taking sides in the healthcare debate .
But some in the president ’s own party are critical of what seem like a White House reversal here as well .
“ Hundreds of hours of debate on health care reform – both in committee hearings and on the Senate and House floors – have been open to the public through broadcast on C - SPAN , ” said Missouri Senator Claire McCaskill in a statement .
“ It 's my opinion that we should open up any further negotiations between the House and the Senate to C - SPAN so the public can watch . ”
Nobody ’s holding their breath waiting for that to happen .
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
The Environmental Protection Agency proposed the nation ’s strictest - ever smog limits Thursday , a move that could put large parts of California and other states in violation of federal air quality regulations .
The EPA proposed allowing a ground - level ozone concentration of between 60 and 70 parts per billion , down from the 75 - ppb standard adopted under President George W. Bush in 2008 .
That means cracking down further on the emissions from cars , trucks , power plants , factories and landfills .
The emissions bake in sunlight and form smog .
“ All Californians should applaud the crackdown , given overwhelming scientific evidence of the lung damage and premature deaths linked to ozone , ” said Bonnie Holmes - Gen , a spokeswoman for the American Lung Assn. in California .
Advertisement
Obama administration officials and environmental groups say the new standard aligns with the level scientists say is needed to safeguard against increased respiratory diseases , particularly in children and the elderly .
Though complying with the standards could cost up to $ 90 billion nationwide , according to the EPA , it could also save $ 100 billion in health costs over time .
A 65 - ppb standard -- the middle of the proposed acceptable range -- would avert 1,700 to 5,100 premature deaths nationwide in 2020 compared with the 75 - ppb standard , the EPA estimates .
The agency projects the stricter standard would also prevent an additional 26,000 cases of aggravated asthma compared with the Bush - era standard , and more than a million cases of missed work or school .
In California , which harbors some of the nation ’s dirtiest air , an estimated 19,000 people die prematurely each year as a result of pollution from ozone and particulates .
Of those , about 6,500 are in the Los Angeles area .
Advertisement
No urban area of California meets even the 1997 federal standard of 80 parts per billion .
If states fail to meet federal standards , the government can withhold highway funding .
Although such punishment is rare , “ it ’s the hammer that drives planning at the state level , ” Holmes - Gen said .
Besides ratcheting up pressure on highly polluted parts of Southern California and the Central Valley , the revised standard would require several new areas to take measures to slash air pollution , including parts of the northern Sacramento Valley and the Central Coast that have been in compliance under the previous standards .
Unlike Eastern and Midwestern states , where much of the pollution comes from coal - fired power plants , three - quarters of California ’s ozone - forming emissions are from mobile sources such as cars , trucks , trains , ships , planes and construction equipment .
In the last three years , the state has adopted the nation ’s strictest rules to control pollution from diesel engines in trucks and construction equipment , which emit nitrogen oxides , a precursor to smog .
Advertisement
The EPA ’s new standard could force the state to crack down further on vehicle pollution , on refineries and power plants , and even on volatile organic compounds coming from consumer products such as hair spray .
Air districts also would be likely to increase efforts to control sprawl and force more concentrated land development .
Statewide , the number of car trips has been growing faster than the population .
“ This is going to require us to look for new solutions , ” said Leo Kay , a spokesman for the California Air Resources Board .
“ On the ground we will be looking for where we can tighten the screws . ”
As for how exactly that will be done , he acknowledged , “ We do n’t have all the answers yet . ”
The EPA also proposed setting a “ secondary standard ” to protect plants and trees from repeated smog exposure during growing season , a move environmentalists said would help national parks , forests and sensitive ecosystems .
Trees and other vegetation absorb heat - trapping carbon dioxide from the atmosphere , making them an important check against global warming .
Advertisement
In announcing the proposals , EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson said the agency was “ stepping up to protect Americans from one of the most persistent and widespread pollutants we face .
. . .
Using the best science to strengthen these standards is a long - overdue action that will help millions of Americans breathe easier and live healthier . ”
Environmentalists praised the agency for proposing regulations that match the unanimous recommendations of an EPA science advisory committee .
“ We applaud EPA for listening to health professionals and scientists and proposing a rule that provides real protection for millions of people , ” said Bruce Nilles , director of the Sierra Club ’s Beyond Coal campaign , adding , “ This rule will help ensure that all major sources of pollution get cleaned up . ”
Industry groups warned that the regulations would increase business costs .
Advertisement
The new standard “ lacks scientific justification , ” the American Petroleum Institute charged , calling it “ an obvious politicization of the air - quality - standard - setting process that could mean unnecessary energy cost increases , job losses and less domestic oil and natural gas development and energy security . ”
The proposal now enters a public comment phase , which will include open hearings next month in Arlington , Va. , Houston and Sacramento before the EPA makes its final decision .
jtankersley@latimes.com
margot.roosevelt
Advertisement
@latimes.com
Sexiest Asian Teen In Most Skimpy Little Bikini
9
Top 15 Best Comparison Shopping Websites | August 2020
Here are the top 15 Best Comparison Shopping Sites based on popularity as derived from our eBizMBA Rank which is a continually updated average of each website 's Alexa Global Traffic Rank , and U.S. Traffic Rank from both Compete and Quantcast . " *#*"
Denotes an estimate for sites with limited data .
1 | Google Shopping
650 - eBizMBA Rank | 20,500,000 - Estimated Unique Monthly Visitors | * 600 * - Compete Rank | * 700 * - Quantcast Rank | NA - Alexa Rank | Last Updated : August 1 , 2020 .
The Best Comparison Shopping Websites | eBizMBA
2 | Coupons
695 - eBizMBA Rank | 20,250,000 - Estimated Unique Monthly Visitors | 169 - Compete Rank | 1,253 - Quantcast Rank | 663 - Alexa Rank | Last Updated : August 1 , 2020 .
The Best Comparison Shopping Websites | eBizMBA
3 | BizRate
716 - eBizMBA Rank | 19,000,000 - Estimated Unique Monthly Visitors | 74 - Compete Rank | 104 - Quantcast Rank | 1,970 - Alexa Rank | Last Updated : August 1 , 2020 .
The Best Comparison Shopping Websites | eBizMBA
4 | ShopAtHome
728 - eBizMBA Rank | 18,000,000 - Estimated Unique Monthly Visitors | 109 - Compete Rank | NA - Quantcast Rank | 1,346 - Alexa Rank | Last Updated : August 1 , 2020 .
The Best Comparison Shopping Websites | eBizMBA
5 | SlickDeals
740 - eBizMBA Rank | 17,500,000 - Estimated Unique Monthly Visitors | 838 - Compete Rank | NA - Quantcast Rank | 641 - Alexa Rank | Last Updated : August 1 , 2020 .
The Best Comparison Shopping Websites | eBizMBA
6 | NexTag
1,428 - eBizMBA Rank | 8,000,000 - Estimated Unique Monthly Visitors | 351 - Compete Rank | * 892 * - Quantcast Rank | 3,041 - Alexa Rank | Last Updated : August 1 , 2020 .
The Best Comparison Shopping Websites | eBizMBA
7 | Woot
1,599 - eBizMBA Rank | 7,000,000 - Estimated Unique Monthly Visitors | 1,946 - Compete Rank | NA - Quantcast Rank | 1,251 - Alexa Rank | Last Updated : August 1 , 2020 .
The Best Comparison Shopping Websites | eBizMBA
8 | Shopping
1,911 - eBizMBA Rank | 6,700,000 - Estimated Unique Monthly Visitors | 895 - Compete Rank | 154 - Quantcast Rank | 4,685 - Alexa Rank | Last Updated : August 1 , 2020 .
The Best Comparison Shopping Websites | eBizMBA
9 | Shopzilla
2,101 - eBizMBA Rank | 6,500,000 - Estimated Unique Monthly Visitors | 453 - Compete Rank | 759 - Quantcast Rank | 5,092 - Alexa Rank | Last Updated : August 1 , 2020 .
The Best Comparison Shopping Websites | eBizMBA
10 | Shop
2,425 - eBizMBA Rank | 6,000,000 - Estimated Unique Monthly Visitors | 3,343 - Compete Rank | * NA * - Quantcast Rank | 1,506 - Alexa Rank | Last Updated : August 1 , 2020 .
The Best Comparison Shopping Websites | eBizMBA
11 | FatWallet
2,597 - eBizMBA Rank | 5,500,000 - Estimated Unique Monthly Visitors | 2,658 - Compete Rank | 3,756 - Quantcast Rank | 1,377 - Alexa Rank | Last Updated : August 1 , 2020 .
The Best Comparison Shopping Websites | eBizMBA
12 | Pronto
2,857 - eBizMBA Rank | 4,200,000 - Estimated Unique Monthly Visitors | 204 - Compete Rank | 386 - Quantcast Rank | 7,980 - Alexa Rank | Last Updated : August 1 , 2020 .
The Best Comparison Shopping Websites | eBizMBA
13 | PriceGrabber
3,025 - eBizMBA Rank | 4,000,000 - Estimated Unique Monthly Visitors | 1,444 - Compete Rank | 3,523 - Quantcast Rank | 4,108 - Alexa Rank | Last Updated : August 1 , 2020 .
The Best Comparison Shopping Websites | eBizMBA
14 | ShopLocal
3,115 - eBizMBA Rank | 3,500,000 - Estimated Unique Monthly Visitors | 352 - Compete Rank | NA - Quantcast Rank | 5,877 - Alexa Rank | Last Updated : August 1 , 2020 .
The Best Comparison Shopping Websites | eBizMBA
15 | DealNews
3,978 - eBizMBA Rank | 2,000,000 - Estimated Unique Monthly Visitors | * 2,520 * - Compete Rank | * 4,022 * - Quantcast Rank | 5,393 - Alexa Rank | Last Updated : August 1 , 2020 .
The Best Comparison Shopping Websites | eBizMBA
Related eBizMBA Guides
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy has called for a fundamental rethink of capitalism in the aftermath of the financial crisis .
" We need deep profound change , " he said in his keynote speech at the World Economic Forum in Davos .
His comments came as bankers and regulators clashed over proposals to break up banks that threaten the whole financial system .
Mr Sarkozy said he wished to restore a " moral dimension " to free trade .
" Were we not to change , we would be showing tremendous irresponsibility , " he told the bankers and politicians that gather annually in the Swiss alpine resort .
Bank reforms
France has supported forcing banks to hold more capital and curbing bonus payments in global negotiations over the past year on how to reform the system to prevent future crises .
Long story short , bankers here are dazed and confused
Robert Peston
Peston on bankers at Davos Q&A : World Economic Forum 2010
Ten surprising facts about Davos Send us your comments US President Barack Obama has proposed curbing the size of banks , preventing key financial institutions from owning hedge funds and barring them from proprietary trading - investing to make a profit for themselves rather than on behalf of customers .
Bankers in Davos were less than pleased with the ideas .
Earlier on Wednesday , Barclays boss Bob Diamond said he had " seen no evidence ... to suggest that shrinking banks and making banks smaller and narrower is the answer . "
Other bankers , like Jacob Frenkel of JPMorgan Chase , have said they were worried about " bad regulation " .
' Moral dimension '
Mr Sarkozy told the delegation - to scattered applause - that governments and companies in the world economy could not pretend it was business as usual .
" We are not asking ourselves what we will replace capitalism with , but what kind of capitalism we want ? " he said .
" We must re-engineer capitalism to restore its moral dimension , its conscience , " he said .
" By placing free trade above all else , what we have is a weakening of democracy .
While saying that those who ran companies that made money deserved to be compensated well , Mr Sarkozy hit out at huge bank bonuses that have caused public outcry in the US and UK .
" There are remuneration packages that will no longer be tolerated because they bear no relation to merit , " he said .
Earlier in Davos , legendary investor George Soros backed Mr Obama 's proposed reforms to limit the size of banks and told journalists that Wall Street bankers who opposed the plans were " tone - deaf " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BOSTON FAMILY LAW , REAL ESTATE , CRIMINAL DEFENSE & ESTATE PLANNING ATTORNEYS
At The Law Office of Kevin P. O’Malley , P.C. , we understand the real world issues you are facing .
We know what it ’s like to get divorced , to establish child support , to lose a loved one and to have life go in an unexpected direction .
We also know that an experienced and compassionate attorney can greatly assist you in recognizing your options and tackling the challenges and moving forward in life .
We invite you to contact us for a consultation , so you can get to know us , learn more about our approach and share your story with us .
Contact us online or call our law offices in Medford , Massachusetts , at 1-781-395-7070 to schedule a consultation .
Legal Services for Boston Area Families
For more than two decades , The Law Office of Kevin P. O’Malley , P.C. has guided hundreds of families in the Boston area through all of their legal needs .
We provide a variety of services in several legal areas , including :
Taking Steps Toward a Brighter Future
In today ’s volatile economy , many people are living in unhappy situations and are hesitant to invest in legal representation .
Do n’t let the cost , time and economy prevent you from educating yourself to prepare for taking steps toward a brighter future .
At The Law Office of Kevin P. O’Malley , P.C. , we offer high quality representation from experienced lawyers , and earnestly strive to provide clients with affordable and efficient legal solutions .
Contact our law firm to find out more about our approach and to discuss your legal situation .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has announced that he will not seek re-election in polls in January .
In a televised speech , Mr Abbas said the impasse in efforts to resume peace negotiations with Israel had prompted his decision not to run again .
But he reiterated his belief that peace with Israel was " still possible " .
Correspondents say Mr Abbas could stay in post for some time , however , as the election may be postponed because Hamas says it will not allow a vote in Gaza .
The White House meanwhile hailed Mr Abbas as a " true partner " for the US , but refused to discuss the implications for peace .
This decision does not at all amount to bargaining or political manoeuvring
Mahmoud Abbas
Palestinian Authority president
Analysis : After Mahmoud Abbas US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she looked forward to working with him in " any new capacity " .
Mrs Clinton said she and Mr Abbas had discussed his political future during her visit to the Middle East last week .
" He reiterated his personal commitment to do whatever he can to achieve a two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict ...
I look forward to working with President Abbas in any new capacity in order to help achieve this goal , " she said .
Settlements issue Speaking in Ramallah , Mr Abbas announced that he had no intention of standing in the presidential election scheduled for 24 January in the West Bank and Gaza .
MAHMOUD ABBAS Born in Safed in British Mandate Palestine ( now northern Israel ) in 1935 ; studied law in Egypt and gained doctorate in Moscow A founder member , with Yasser Arafat , of Palestinian political faction Fatah Held security role within the PLO in the early 1970s Appointed head of the PLO 's department for national and international relations in 1980 Widely regarded as an architect of the 1993 Oslo Peace Accords
In January 2005 , elected president of the Palestinian Authority
Profile : Mahmoud Abbas " I have informed brothers in [ the PLO and Fatah ] that I do not wish to present my candidacy in the forthcoming presidential election , " he said .
" This decision does not at all amount to bargaining or political manoeuvring ...
It is worth noting that I shall take other steps when the time comes . "
The 74 - year - old leader accused the US of backtracking on its Middle East policy and refusing to persuade Israel to freeze the construction of Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank .
" We were optimistic when [ US ] President [ Barack ]
Obama announced the need for a complete halt to settlements including natural growth , " he said .
" We were surprised by his [ later ] support for the Israeli position . "
Nevertheless , Mr Abbas said Washington still had a pivotal role to play in eventually achieving peace in the region , which he was confident would happen .
" The two - state solution with Israel and Palestine living side - by - side in peace and security is still possible , " he added .
Faltering peace
The BBC's Middle East editor , Jeremy Bowen , says the decision is another serious blow to the US government 's unravelling Middle East policy .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
Its strategy is faltering , and without President Abbas it will come to a dead stop while would - be successors compete for power , he says .
Mr Abbas took over as head of the PLO after Yasser Arafat died in 2004 , and became Palestinian Authority president a year later .
But he has struggled to make headway towards a peace deal in negotiations with Israel , amid deadlock over the issue of Israeli settlements .
He has also faced rivalry from the Hamas movement , which won legislative elections in January 2006 and ousted Fatah from Gaza .
In recent months Egypt has tried to broker a unity deal between Hamas and Fatah but its efforts have been unsuccessful so far .
Mr Abbas had said he would call elections even if no unity deal was reached .
The four - year term of the Palestinian Legislative Council , or parliament , is due to expire in January 2010 , at which time fresh elections must be held , according to the Palestinian constitution .
Mr Abbas ' presidential term expired earlier this year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Former chairman and CEO , IntelWhen you talk about Steve , you need to distinguish between Jobs 1 , the young man who started Apple , and Jobs 2 , the guy who came back to Apple and turned it around .
During the Jobs 1 era , some of us from Silicon Valley were invited to a dinner in Palo Alto .
It was 1983 .
At one point during the meal , Steve stands up and yells , " Nobody over 30 can possibly understand what computing is all about .
" I pulled him aside , waved my finger , and lectured him , telling him , " You 're incredibly arrogant .
You do n't know what you do n't know . "
His response was , " Teach me .
Tell me what I should know .
" We had lunch and talked , mostly about personal stuff .
I do n't think I taught him anything .
But he was wrong when he singled a generation out .
How old was Steve when the iPod came out -- 46 ?
As Jobs 2 he became the turnaround artist of the decade .
There 's no other company in technology that 's started with a strong core business and developed another very strong one .
The rest of us are lucky , or good , [ if we 're ] right once .-- Interview by Michael V. Copeland
The Definitive Guide to Dairy
I knew going in this was going to be a tricky one , because dairy , especially raw and / or fermented full - fat dairy , resides in a Primal gray area .
The literature , the evolutionary reasoning , and the anecdotal reports all unanimously point to sugar , cereal grains and legumes , processed foods , and industrial vegetable oils as being net negatives on the human metabolic spectrum , but dairy is somewhat different .
The other Neolithic foodstuffs we can rule out because the science condemning them is fairly concrete and they were n’t on the menu 20,000 years ago .
Heck , they were n’t just off the menu ; they were basically unrecognizable as food in the raw state .
Dairy , on the other hand , is a relatively recent food chronologically , but it is most assuredly and obviously a viable nutritive source in its raw form .
It ’s full of highly bioavailable saturated fat , protein , and carbs – in equal portions .
You could conceivably survive on milk alone ( I would n’t recommend it , but you could technically do it ; try doing the same with honey or raw millet ) .
Milk is baby fuel .
It ’s literally meant to spur growth and enable a growing body .
Our bodies definitely recognize dairy as food , even foreign bovine dairy .
But is it good nutrition ?
I do n’t know .
I ’m not sure anyone really does , in fact , which is why I place dairy firmly in Primal limbo .
And so , this Definitive Guide to Dairy may come across as being a bit less than definitive , but that ’s only because I ’m being honest : we simply do n’t know whether dairy is suitable for regular human consumption .
Whether you include or exclude it from your diet , the decision must be borne from a review of the available literature ( Cordain v. Weston Price , for example ) with an assessment of the potential risks and benefits , followed by a personal assessment of dairy ’s effect on your body ( try it , then strictly eliminate it , and note the differences ) .
If you ’ve been eating dairy your entire life , your body does n’t know anything else .
In that case , you ’ll want to fully drop it for at least a month to get an accurate assessment .
Remember – pre-Primal , you probably “ felt fine ” eating grains and sugar every day .
You may have to take the same approach if you really want to figure out what dairy does to you .
You could listen to Dr. Loren Cordain and other strict paleos who adamantly oppose all forms of it .
They offer a number of reasons why dairy does n’t belong in the human diet – mainly lactose intolerance and casein intolerance .
Yet , the truth is , lactose ( a form of sugar ) and casein ( a form of protein ) are both found in human breast milk , so each of us – and certainly every one of our ancestors – was not only able to tolerate but to thrive for some time during infancy depending on both of these “ questionable ” molecules .
That ’s the main thing that makes eliminating dairy a little less clear cut than eliminating grains and legumes .
But let ’s look a little closer at the intolerance issue .
Lactose Intolerance
The widespread presence of lactose intolerants , who still make up a majority of the world ’s inhabitants , is somewhat compelling evidence that maybe dairy is n’t the ideal food many assume it to be .
Worldwide , we see that most people are n’t adapted to lactose consumption after age four , when many of us lose the ability to properly digest lactose ( actually gene expression for the enzymes involved in lactose digestion are down - regulated ) .
Nevertheless , it would appear that among many people , most of whom can trace ancestry back to herding cultures , some adaptation has taken place that allows them to continue to effectively digest lactose throughout their lives .
I would never argue that a lactose intolerant person should drink milk ; if it makes you feel like crap , do n’t eat it !
At the same time , though , if that same person were to complain about getting enough fat in his or her diet , and olive oil and coconut oil were n’t cutting it , I would suggest incorporating some cream , butter , or ghee .
Little to ( in the case of ghee ) no lactose to speak of , and you ’d be hard pressed to come up with a better all - purpose cooking fat .
Lactose intolerance wo n’t kill you if you ignore it .
It ’s actually pretty impossible to ignore rumbling guts , explosive diarrhea , cramps , and bloating , so I doubt the truly lactose intolerant will miss it .
Casein Intolerance
Casein is the primary protein in dairy .
It shares structural similarities with gluten , a highly problematic grain protein that can shred the intestinal lining and lead to severe auto - immune issues .
Bad , bad stuff , and a big reason why grains are so unhealthy .
( And if you ’re still not convinced that grains are unhealthy read this ( PDF ) . )
Now , paleo opponents of dairy say casein wreaks similar havoc on our guts , and it ’s true that gluten intolerance goes hand - in - hand with casein intolerance .
But is casein a primary cause of leaky gut , or does it slip in only after gluten has opened the floodgates ?
Once a floodgate is opened , any protein can enter and cause issues .
And after all , casein is the primary protein in human breast milk …
Cancer
Cordain thinks milk leads to cancer , citing a fairly impressive array of studies that seem to suggest a link between milk consumption and various types of the disease .
He fingers betacellulin , one of milk ’s epidermal growth factors , as the causal agent .
In the fetus and suckling newborn , betacellulin helps with growth and tissue differentiation .
It ’s completely essential for growing infants .
In adults , Cordain says it passes cleanly into the gut , completely intact and free to enter circulation , where it can bind to receptors and enhance cancer cell growth .
What Cordain does n’t mention is conjugated linoleic acid ( CLA ) , which is also found in milk fat ( especially raw , grass - fed milk , which is never included in any study ) and has been shown to possess anti-cancer effects by inhibiting breast cancer cell growth and reducing the activation of insulin - like growth factor receptors ( the same receptors Cordain identifies as sensitive to betacellulin ) .
The studies Cordain cites as support of the milk - cancer connection are interesting , but their messages are muddled .
As Chris Masterjohn points out , milk proteins mostly appear harmful only when separated from their natural fat .
Low fat and skim milk appear to have associations with certain cancers ( like prostate ) , while whole milk appears protective ( of colorectal cancer ) or neutral .
It would be nice to see researchers take a good , long look at full - fat , pastured dairy ’s effects on cancer rates .
Conventional milk consumption probably is n’t advisable , but the jury ’s still out on whether raw , pastured , whole milk is also problematic .
We need more data .
Insulin Response
Milk is highly insulinogenic , more than most carbohydrate sources .
We ’re all aware of the dangers of chronically elevated insulin levels , but that ’s also what makes milk such a popular post - workout recovery drink .
If you ’re insulin sensitive following a tough strength training session , milk ’s insulin response can be an effective way to shuttle in protein and glycogen .
I do n’t do it myself , because I like to fast post - workout ( and I do n’t like the taste of regular milk ) but some people swear by it .
This is just speculation , but perhaps the potentially negative effects of milk are negated by the post - workout internal environment ( starved muscles , depleted glycogen , insulin - sensitive tissue ) .
Or perhaps those powerlifters are slowly but surely eroding their gut lining .
To be on the safe side , maybe limit your milk drinking to immediately post - workout if you ’re going to drink it at all .
There is n’t a whole lot of consensus on the subject .
People with whom I normally agree on everything regarding nutrition have completely different takes on dairy .
Some MDA forum goers report no ill effects , while others complain of joint pain and clogged sinuses from consuming even a single ounce of dairy .
More than any other food , dairy seems to be entirely subjective .
There is no “ one size fits all ” approach to it .
To be on the safe side and to go “ full Primal , ” you would technically eliminate it completely , but that may be unnecessary for a relatively large number of people .
In a strange way , this entire blog is just a detailed , science - based map of my own personal journey augmented with anecdotes and experiments from others on similar , but slightly divergent , paths .
Much of what I write is founded in science but based on my experiences , and this particular post is no different .
When things are gray and murky and the science is unclear and far from definitive , I generally go with anecdote and personal , n=1 experimentation .
Personally ( and , in a way , this entire blog is just a detailed map of my own personal journey ) , regular dairy does n’t generally agree with me .
I do n’t buy or drink milk .
Having said that , I ’m a big fan of heavy cream in my coffee and butter in my eggs ( and on my steaks and vegetables ) .
I like a nice thick yogurt sauce on lamb , and occasionally either Greek yogurt or fresh whipped cream with berries for dessert .
I even have a bit of artisan cheese once in a while .
It works for me .
I do n’t get cramps or gas , and I do n’t get leaky gut symptoms from casein alone ( gluten is another thing altogether ) .
I ’d say , on average , I consume at least one dairy item each day ( usually butter ) , but that ’s not a hard and fast rule .
As I mentioned in my book , I think there ’s a continuum , a cascading scale of suitability when it comes to dairy .
It ’s not all created equal .
Raw , fermented , full - fat dairy is probably best .
Tons of traditional , fairly disease - free groups lived with dairy ( just as tons of traditional , fairly disease - free groups lived without it ) , and they all included some form of fermented or cultured product .
Cultured butter , yogurt , kefir , clotted milk , cheese – these are traditional ways of increasing shelf life , improving digestibility , and incorporating beneficial probiotics into the gut .
Fermentation takes care of most of the lactose , and some posit that it may even positively alter the structure , function , and safety of casein .
Raw , high - fat dairy is next .
Raw butter and cream are minimally processed sources of good saturated fat .
They ’re free of most lactose and casein , and let ’s face it : butter and cream just make everything taste better .
If it ’s essentially just pure , raw animal fat from grass - fed animals , without offensive levels of milk proteins and sugars , what ’s not to enjoy ?
Ghee is another good choice , and though it technically is n’t raw , it is pure animal fat without a trace of lactose or casein .
Then raw milk .
I do n’t advise regular consumption of raw milk , mind you , but if you can tolerate it ( no stomach upset , no bloating , no gas , no intestinal issues ) an occasional glass is probably OK as a sensible vice .
Some farms will even supplement their raw milk with colostrum ( the extra rich , “ first run ” milk that provides even more vitamins and nutrients ) , resulting in a lower - carb , higher - fat , higher - protein product .
Look for that stuff if you ’re thinking of buying raw milk .
Organic , hormone and antibiotic - free dairy ( full fat , of course ) .
Bottom line : do n’t consume non-organic dairy if you can help it .
Avoid homogenized milk if you can , and try not to purchase pasteurized milk ( organic or not ) on a regular basis .
If you ’re out getting coffee or something , the regular half and half or heavy cream are fine , and Kerrygold makes a great pastured , pasteurized butter that ’s available nationwide .
Other things to consider :
A2 Milk versus A1 Milk
Milk proteins are made up of different beta-caseins , which vary between cow breeds .
There are two main categories of beta- casein : A1 and A2 , each with different effects .
A1 cows ( Holsteins and Friesians ) produce A1 beta- caseins , which release an opioid - like chemical upon digestion .
This chemical , called beta - casomorphin - 7 ( BCM7 ) , is a protein fragment that figures into the joint pains , digestive issues , and leaky gut symptoms that detractors typically blame on just casein .
A2 cows ( Jerseys and Gurnseys ) , on the other hand , produce A2 beta - casein , which has been vindicated .
Raw , pastured milk tends to come from Jersey and Gurnsey cows ; Holsteins and Friesians produce far more milk and so are used by conventional , factory dairy farmers .
The Masai , for example , have A2 cattle .
Goat
Goat dairy is another option , with more fat ( that ’s never homogenized , even when pasteurized ) , less casein , less lactose , and fewer digestive issues .
Structurally and nutritionally , goat milk is one of the closer corollaries to human breast milk , making it arguably more suitable for human consumption than cow ’s milk .
In the end , is there a definitive stamp of Primal approval , or Primal disapproval ?
I just ca n’t go either way .
Sometimes , the correct path is to admit that you simply do n’t know .
You can read all the blogs you want , pour over every comment , follow every link , and pontificate about every hunter - gatherer group on the planet , but if you do n’t try things out for yourself – either by trying certain dairy products or by eliminating them and noting the effects – it ’s all just speculation and hearsay .
In the murky , milky world of dairy , it ’s up to you to decide your ideal path .
Tell me about your experiences .
Is dairy part of your Primal eating strategy ?
If so , what ( butter , milk , yogurt , cheese , etc. ) and how much ?
Prefer listening to reading ?
Get an audio recording of this blog post , and subscribe to the Primal Blueprint Podcast on iTunes for instant access to all past , present and future episodes here .
About the Author Mark Sisson is the founder of Mark ’s Daily Apple , godfather to the Primal food and lifestyle movement , and the New York Times bestselling author of The Keto Reset Diet .
His latest book is Keto for Life , where he discusses how he combines the keto diet with a Primal lifestyle for optimal health and longevity .
Mark is the author of numerous other books as well , including The Primal Blueprint , which was credited with turbocharging the growth of the primal / paleo movement back in 2009 .
After spending three decades researching and educating folks on why food is the key component to achieving and maintaining optimal wellness , Mark launched Primal Kitchen , a real - food company that creates Primal / paleo , keto , and Whole30 - friendly kitchen staples .
Post navigation
If you 'd like to add an avatar to all of your comments click here !
I 'm uploading the HD version of the video " mashtronot " just uploaded ... all credit for this goes to him / her ..
The Known Universe takes viewers from the Himalayas through our atmosphere and the inky black of space to the afterglow of the Big Bang .
Every star , planet , and quasar seen in the film is possible because of the world 's most complete four - dimensional map of the universe , the Digital Universe Atlas that is maintained and updated by astrophysicists at the American Museum of Natural History .
The new film , created by the Museum , is part of an exhibition , Visions of the Cosmos : From the Milky Ocean to an Evolving Universe , at the Rubin Museum of Art in Manhattan through May 2010 .
We ’re a digital magazine that is n’t defined by one category .
We love it all : comics , tech , and gaming !
We share what we love as well as things to look out for .
At 9:45 this morning , George H.W. Bush will open up his West Houston home to the press to make what is , for the octogenarian former president , a rare overtly political announcement :
In the intra-Republican party fight for Texas governor , 41 has chosen U.S. Sen.
Kay Bailey Hutchison over Gov. Rick Perry .
He joins his close friend , longtime consigliere , and former White House chief - of - staff James Baker , who endorsed Hutchison earlier this week , and a long list of his son George W. Bush 's closest associates in lining up behind the challenger to the incumbent .
Hutchison has the public backing of former Vice President Dick Cheney , former Secretary of Education Margaret Spellings , and former Counselor to the President and communications director Karen Hughes , and she 's being advised by former Deputy White House Chief of Staff Karl Rove .
Of all the prominent Bushies , Perry can claim only one outlier : Joe Allbaugh , who was chief of staff to Governor George W. Bush and the head of FEMA in 43 's first term .
What 's going on here ?
It 's a question without a definitive answer and a subject that those in - the - know do not want to go anywhere near .
Nearly every one of the two dozen sources contacted for this story refused to be quoted by name ; several of those who went on the record saved their best material for after they went back off .
But everyone with knowledge of the Bushworld - Perryworld divide had a theory .
At least four emerged as plausible .
1 . The predecessor - successor rivalry .
“ This has a lot to do with what happens when you have succeeding governors .
They have different teams , ” said Bush 43 media strategist Mark McKinnon .
“ Perry is perfectly within his rights to establish his own identity . ”
Bush loyalists see their time in their governor 's office as a golden age for bipartisanship — a time when they did right by Texas .
Some of them believe Perry crassly squandered that compassionate conservative age by steering his administration and the state 's politics farther to the right .
Perry 's team sees that view of Bush 's leadership as idealized ; they blame President Bush for massive electoral losses and the tainting of the GOP brand .
Perry , they insist , is the one who 's truly led the state .
They dismiss Hutchison and her Bushworld backers as " country - club Republicans , " the phrase used by Perry campaign consultant Dave Carney in a recent New York Times Sunday Magazine story .
The beneficiary of the bad blood is Hutchison , whose closer ties with Bush loyalists who worked in D.C. and more subdued personal style sits better with the family and its friends .
2 . It 's a moderate - conservative thing .
Most of the ink spilled about the GOP primary paints Perry and Hutchison as avatars in the battle for the soul of the GOP .
It 's not a bad theory to explain why the Bushies are backing Hutchison .
The senator , while conservative by national standards , has been wedged into the " moderate " slot in Texas , with Perry occupying the terrain to her right .
It would be natural , then , that Baker , the ultimate noblesse oblige Washington dealmaker , and Bush 41 , the eldest of the elder statesmen and the biggest bulb in the Thousand Points of Light , find themselves aligned with the candidate who 's offering a return to the days of the big tent .
" I would argue this is more about the electorate and where Texas has gone politically , " says Ken Luce , who ran Perry 's first campaign for agriculture commissioner .
Even back in 1998 , the election year when many say the seeds of discord were first planted , Perry wanted to tamp down minority turnout as Bush 's team wanted to expand it .
Bush that year was simultaneously running for re-election as Texas governor and positioning himself for a national run .
Perry ran alongside him for the lieutenant governor ’s post , but Bush ’s efforts to drive up Hispanic turnout forced Perry into a tough spot .
Perry , who was in a much closer race against Democrat John Sharp , resisted efforts to court the Hispanic constituency for fear it would hand Sharp a slim victory .
But Bush ’s team had presidential ambitions on the line .
The results worked out for both Republicans , but observers say hard feelings still remain .
“ It ’s a long - term play - out of this strain that ’s been coming for at least twelve years , ” said University of Houston political scientist Richard Murray .
3 . It 's not personal , it 's business .
Perhaps this is all mercenary .
Many of the political practitioners who went to Washington with Bush 43 have returned to Texas , and millions of dollars in lobbying , consulting and other lucrative employment in the political game are on the line if the governorship changes hands .
The big dogs are back , but to regain power means ousting the current team that rules the town .
Members of Team Bush have already made significant gains in starting where they left off : on top .
Hughes counts the Speaker of the Texas House as a client , advising him on communications ; GOP sources say Rove is a friendly adviser to the Associated Republicans of Texas political action committee .
ART , which was big when Bush was governor and dormant in the early aughts , is now restructuring .
It will likely funnel millions of dollars to Texas House Republicans just in time for redistricting next session .
Now their chosen proxy and personal friend , Hutchison , could be governor .
Winning means windfalls ; the consultants who win get hired by other prospective candidates .
4 . It really is personal : The Bushies can't stand Perry .
This supposes the most personal rift in the Republican race for governor is n’t between the candidates at all .
“ It ’s visceral , “ Murray says .
“ The Bushies do n’t like Rick Perry very much . “
The disdain for Perry is no secret among loyalists of George W. Bush , but never before have they had to choose sides in a fratricidal struggle .
Now that two Texas Republicans are fighting for the same job , Hutchison ’s become the beneficiary of more than a decade of bad blood .
A few incidents have fed the fire over the years .
Some remember the 2001 Bob Bullock Museum dedication at which Perry kept referring to the new president as “ George ” .
Or Perry ’s criticism of the Bush administration ’s handling of immigration policy .
Then there was the governor ’s 2007 appearance at an Iowa house party for Rudy Giuliani .
Perry told a living room full of Iowa Republicans that the President was “ never , ever ” a fiscal conservative .
“ Was n't when he was in Texas … I mean , ' 95 , ' 97 , ' 99 , George Bush was spending money . "
He continued : “ George was never a fiscal conservative .
I think people thought he was . "
The comments immediately rankled Bushworld , according to McKinnon .
And there Perry went , calling the president “ George ” again .
That loose , stream - of - consciousness Perry style fed into a long - held Bushworld view of Perry as impolite and insincere .
Sources close to Perry counter that the Bushies have long regarded themselves as superior and never fully appreciated Perry quietly working while lieutenant governor to keep controversial bills away from the then - governor ’s desk .
" They 're all Republicans "
It ’s ironic , perhaps , that all these once - crucial cogs of the well - oiled Bush machine are now publicly backing a candidate who enjoyed her largest lead before she started campaigning .
Bushies privately grumble over what they view as Hutchison ’s lackluster and risk - averse campaign .
" They see the Rasmussen numbers [ that show Perry leading by 10 points ] , ” says Luis Saenz , who managed Perry ’s successful 2006 campaign .
“ [ The Bush ] people are supposed to be the best .
... I think the message is that the Washington bosses do n't matter as much anymore . ”
Saenz is quick to note that whatever subterranean rift exists — for whatever reasons — wo n't bubble over .
After all , they ’re all Republicans , and Republicans are nothing if not disciplined at general election time .
" Once March is over , " Saenz says , " both sides will come together and start working toward a victorious November .
Both sides have worked so hard to get the party to where it is . "
Barack Obama has bowed to international appeals for America to demonstrate commitment to action on global warming , and said he will join other world leaders for the crunch negotiating sessions of the Copenhagen climate change summit .
The White House , in a statement from the press secretary , Robert Gibbs , last night said Obama would adjust his original travel schedule , under which he would have dropped in on the summit on 9 December , en route to receiving his Nobel peace prize in Oslo .
" The president believes that continued US leadership can be most productive through his participation at the end of the Copenhagen conference on December 18th , " the statement said .
" There are still outstanding issues that must be negotiated for an agreement to be reached , but this decision reflects the president 's commitment to doing all he can to pursue a positive outcome . "
The decision avoids a potentially awkward situation which would have seen Obama arrive in Copenhagen a ahead of even senior negotiators or ministers , let alone prime ministers and heads of state .
The timing would have created an embarrassing American absence on the last day of negotiations which nearly 100 other world leaders are expected to attend .
The US otherwise was planning to put on a major presence at Copenhagen , with appearances from half a dozen cabinet secretaries and senior officials .
The new schedule for Obama reinforces a building sense of optimism in recent days after the biggest emitters , the US and China , agreed for the first time to some action on global warming .
The White House said last week that Obama would call for cutting US emissions by 17 % from 2005 levels – far less than the levels dictated by the science , but welcomed by negotiators as a good first step .
In its statement last night , the White House acknowledged that world leaders , including Gordon Brown , the German chancellor , Angela Merkel , the French president , Nicolas Sarkozy , and the Australian prime minister , Kevin Rudd , had spoken about the summit with Obama this week .
Sarkozy , in comments to reporters at the Commonwealth talks in Trinidad last week , was especially blunt – accusing Obama of disrupting the summit .
" We can't allow the presence of one single head of state to stymie the world 's affairs , " Sarkozy told reporters .
" The decisive moment is December 17 and 18 .
If some come at the beginning and others at the end , when will we be able to take decisions ? " he asked .
Locationforecast 2.0
For the last couple of years we have been working on a new forecast backend ( FORTI ) to replace the decade - old , PostgreSQL - based store ( WDB ) .
While Locationforecast / 1.9 has been running from FORTI for some months now in " compatibility mode " , we have finally finalized the new JSON format which will become standard for all weather forecasts soon .
We are still busy fixing the documentation which is a bit rough in places , but take a look at the JSON format and data model documentation soon .
Version 2.0 comes in three different flavours :
/weatherapi/locationforecast/2.0/complete
This service endpoint will return a response with all available forecast parameters .
As we make new forecast parameters available , they will be added to the responses for this service endpoint ( we expect to include probability percentile data fairly soon ) .
Also , some geographical areas will have more forecast parameters available than others .
/weatherapi/locationforecast/2.0/compact
This service endpoint will return a response with only a core set of forecast parameters .
All forecast parameters in this endpoint will be available for every location .
We will add new parameters to this endpoint as well , but much more rarely , and the size will not increase much .
If you feel there is some useful parameters missing here , please let us know .
/weatherapi/locationforecast/2.0/classic
This service endpoint exists only for backwards compatibility purposes .
The parameters in this endpoint and the XML format provided are identical with / locationforecast / 1.9 , but with more time intervals .
Use this if you have an existing application and want to do minimal work to update it .
We do n't expect adding any more parameters ( XML tags ) to this format in the future .
We have also introduced an improved topography for the entire world , which should give more accurate temperature forecasts in some areas .
This topography will be used if you do not specify altitude in your request .
Note that the improved topography is still relatively coarse .
We therefore recommend that you specify your own altitude in the request if you have access to your own topography data .
With great power comes great responsibility .
Regardless if you 're Voltaire , Churchill or Spider - Man , all users must now adhere to the Terms of Service ( more below ) more stringently .
In particular you must pay more attention to the following rules :
You must identify yourself with contact information in the User - Agent request header .
Whereas requests without any such header or just a generic string ( e.g. " okhttp/3.12.4 " ) until now has been throttled , new products will return a 403 Forbidden instead .
Truncate all geographical coordinates to max 4 decimals .
There is not point asking for forecasts down to nanometer precision , and makes it impossible to cache data .
While we previously have truncated the requests in the cache , this had to be done on a per-product basis .
For new products we will instead implement this as a site - wide rule , where requests with 5 + decimals will return a 403 Forbidden .
Requests like / weatherapi/locationforecast/2.0/?lat=.. . have been deprecated .
While they will continue working for a limited time , you should always use one of the endpoints above , preferably / compact .
Termination of old products
Locationforecast 2.0 will be officially launched on Wednesday 17 June 2020 .
At the same time version 1.9 will be deprecated .
A final termination date has not been set yet , but we plan on turning it off before xmas .
The already deprecated LocationforecastLTS will terminate on 1 Sept 2020 .
This gives you almost three months to port your applications to Locationforecast 2.0 , if you havent already started .
UVforecast has been deprecated as UV data is now included in Locationforecast 2.0 JSON , and will also be terminated on 17 June .
We also expect to launch a version 2.0 of Nowcast in about a month , using FORTI and the same JSON format as Locationforecast .
Terms of Service
This is mainly a rewrite and clarification of the existing rules .
While there is nothing radically new under the sun , the old TOS was confusing and badly organized , so many users missed vital points like User - Agent identification and started asking why they were being throttled .
Hopefully this version should be clearer and more detailed .
The new TOS is still in draft state , but if you have any questions please let us know before we finalize it later this month .
Other products
There have been some minor changes to some specialized products :
verticalprofile
The " airquality " profile has been removed
airqualityforecast
New names of counties and municipalities according to the 2020 reform .
E.g. " Buskerud / Røyken / Midtbygda / Røyken " has been changed to " Viken / Asker / Midtbygda / Røyken " .
KNOXVILLE , Tenn . 
Few people here know that the ashes of David Leath , still in the cardboard box from the crematorium , are kept on a shelf above the clean towels in the Suburban Barber Shop where he cut hair at the middle chair for almost 40 years .
But almost everyone has an opinion on how he ended up there .
Mr. Leath , 57 , was found dead of a gunshot wound in his own bed in 2003 .
His wife , Raynella Dossett Leath , said it was a suicide , but she was ultimately charged with murder .
Her dramatic trial last year gripped the city , but it ended in a hung jury .
Last week , she went on trial again .
The trail of death in the case , however , does not begin and end with a beloved barber , but winds its way up to the highest levels of law enforcement in this city .
There was a fatal car crash , a love child , a missing will and , strangest of all , the 1992 death , officially by cattle stampede , of the Knox County prosecutor , Ed Dossett , who happened to be Ms. Dossett Leath ’s first husband at the time .
During the investigation of Mr. Leath ’s death , prosecutors became convinced that the death of Mr. Dossett was also a homicide , and they have charged Ms. Dossett Leath , 61 , in that case as well .
That trial will begin in August .
It ’s common for people to do a double take when they enter Ernest Debs Park in Bell .
Children frolic on the grass field , teenagers play pickup basketball and people chat on benches .
Then there is the cluster of treadmills , rowing machines and air walkers at the front of the park .
City officials did n’t know what to expect a year ago when they opened a free outdoor gym .
But it ’s become a big success , drawing droves of residents in the working - class town who cannot afford gym memberships .
By the summer , people were lining up to use the equipment .
Officials said their makeshift gym is making residents healthier and also making the park -- once a gang hangout -- much safer by drawing more families and exercisers .
Residents “ ca n’t afford to go to Disneyland , Knott ’s Berry Farm , but they can go to picnics and parks .
We ’re providing entertainment and for some cities that ’s just not what they do , ” said Bob Rizzo , chief administrator officer for the city of Bell .
One evening about four months ago , Alejandro Montes , 43 , and his girlfriend , Iliana Diaz , 33 , were driving past the park when they noticed people exercising outdoors .
The couple said they returned to the park to investigate .
“ We found out it was free and now we come here , ” Diaz said .
“ There ’s no need to sign anything , ” Montes added .
Edwin Subdiaz , 19 , and his girlfriend , Gisela Flores , 19 , who live around the corner , said they come to the gym about three times a week when the park opens at 4 p.m .
“ It ’s pretty cool , ” Subdiaz said .
“ It ’s a free little gym . ”
The gym opened in January , and now that word has spread , all 49 cardiovascular machines are in full use , officials said .
The gym has become most popular with parents who bring their children to soccer practice , park supervisor Jose “ Rockero ” Torres said .
“ Culturally , it was interesting watching how the crowd grew , and how at first women kept to the aerobic machines and the men to the weights , ” Torres said , adding that now that is no longer the case .
City officials said the gym is part of an ongoing effort to upgrade several parks and meet the demands of the city ’s changing demographics .
At least 40,000 people live in Bell .
Latinos constitute 98 % of the population , many of them immigrants .
The median household income is a little over $ 29,000 , according to the U.S. Census Bureau and city officials .
“ The thing we have tried to do is see what the needs are and try to match those with the facilities , ” Rizzo said .
Some residents , however , said working out along a busy street has its downside .
Exercisers find themselves under the eye of motorists stopped at a light near Orchard and Gage avenues who laugh and make inappropriate remarks .
“ They yell out things that are clearly directed at the women , ” said Jose Gomez , 56 , who comes to the gym with his wife .
Gomez said he would like officials to increase privacy by covering the fence .
Diaz said she heard one man yelling “ gordas ! ” ( “ fat women ” ) .
“ I ignore them of course , ” Diaz said .
But she said it keeps some people from using the gym .
“ I ’ve invited friends but they get embarrassed because people are staring and laughing at them , ” she said .
Rizzo said he has n’t heard any complaints from residents , but said he and his staff would address issues brought to his attention .
Some have taken a Zen approach to the noise of the traffic , ignoring it and concentrating on their workouts .
Others bring iPods .
“ If anything it should motivate them to work out , ” Elizabeth Gonzalez , 32 , said of the drivers .
“ There should be more of these .
I love it ! ”
Gonzalez said she discovered the park a few days ago when she and her sister were walking by the park .
Now they plan to come with their children .
The ability to observe their children while they work out was another reason the sisters say they have come to love the park .
“ It feels safe here , ” Gonzalez said .
“ There ’s no other place like this . ”
ruben.vives@latimes.com
With Dollhouse ending later this month , television wunderkind Joss Whedon will once again be out of the television business , allowing him to devote time to other projects including Dr. Horrible 2 .
The original , which debuted in 2008 , was a complete success with millions of views on Hulu and Youtube .
The sales from iTunes and DVDs covered the costs of the crew and other expenses mere months after the release .
Dr. Horrible continues to sell well on Amazon , making it to the top of several categories .
The popularity of social networking and the internet created buzz for the musical that found a suitable niche .
Certainly the internet does not rival television or movie theaters yet , but the growing acceptance of internet - based creations is going in the direction where Dr. Horrible in its current state of low budget production could stand on its own .
Dollhouse barely maintains more than 2 million viewers per week which is less than the number of people who've watched Dr. Horrible , and NBC struggles to get more than 7 million viewers for most of its shows .
Glee is very similar to Dr. Horrible with the musical numbers and quirky , off - beat humor , and excels in the coveted 18 - 49 demo .
It 's been one a bright spot among the multitude of failures this season .
If made in a TV show , Dr. Horrible would have a built - in fan base , and a legitimate chance to bring in new fans .
The new show would n't have Neil Patrick Harris ( Dr. Horrible ) or Nathan Fillion ( Captain Hammer ) as they are occupied with other shows , but with the number of talented people out there , I 'm sure there are lookalikes that can fill the roles .
The popularity of Glee shows the willingness of the television audience to watch unique shows that do n't fit the tradition mold .
Part of the success of Dr. Horrible was due to the total lack of network executives meddling , and Joss had to deal with that greatly with Firefly and Dollhouse .
I concede that Joss and the rest of the people involved would be hampered by this , and Dr. Horrible would lose the homemade - professional feel .
Nevertheless , I 'm sure Joss and his cadre could keep the fans and bring in new fans .
Anyone who 's watched Dr. Horrible or the Buffy episodes " Once More With Feeling " knows there is precedent for Joss 's accomplishments .
No network would currently entertain the idea of turning an internet creation into a show , investing millions of dollars into something unproven in the mainstream media , but as the internet grows , there is a shift what people are going to for entertainment .
Radio once dominated household , but now the television rules supreme .
If one day , the computer and streaming content becomes the dominant form of entertainment , I will not be surprised .
How the networks integrate web content with conventional programming will be a huge part of this century .
Maybe Dr. Horrible will reach your television sets eventually .
2010 has just begun , but Dark Void already has clinched the award for Most Ironically Appropriate Title :
It is an empty nothing of a game , with few bright spots .
The adventures of a cocky World War II pilot who finds himself sucked into an alternate dimension filled with aliens or something inside the Bermuda Triangle , Dark Void starts with a lot of interesting premises , none of which end up paying off .
The levels and graphics are lackluster , and the shooter gameplay – whether on the ground or aloft , courtesy of your Rocketeer - style jetpack – is mundane .
Gameplaywise , Dark Void 's claim to originality is that jetpack , which lets the main character take to the skies whenever he likes .
On the ground , the game is a cover - based stop - and - pop shooter ; in the sky , it 's free - flight aerial combat .
The promise is that you can switch between these two modes whenever you like .
The reality is that while this is entirely true , each level is generally designed only for one of them .
Zooming around awkwardly in the air like a big clay pigeon does n't make any sense in the ground sections , and there 's no reason to land when UFOs sweep in and fire from the sky .
The fact that the game 's action is almost entirely split into these two separate halves would n't be a problem if either were especially interesting .
But there 's very little to say about Dark Void 's combat .
You 're set upon by waves of metallic aliens and you shoot them with a couple different guns .
It feels like firing BB guns at C - 3PO 's inbred extended family .
If you 've ever played any third - person shooter or flight - combat sim , you 've got the lay of the land .
It 's as generic as can be .
The one exception is the " vertical cover " sections , in which you fire at enemies above and below you as you leap up ( or down ) a series of hanging ledges .
At first , this produces an interesting vertiginous sensation .
In real life , I once hung off a ledge staring up a wall , and that 's how I felt the first time I tried Dark Void 's vertical combat .
Every time after that , the sections just felt like pointless busywork :
Always filled with the exact same enemies and utterly devoid of challenge .
Up in the air , it takes a while to get used to what you 're supposed to be doing .
Apart from the bits in which you hijack enemy aircraft , I did n't really feel like I was engaging enemies – air combat consists mainly of aiming a circle at a bunch of little dots .
Dark Void 's graphics are as cookie - cutter as its gameplay .
The Void itself is an alternate dimension , so it could be filled with anything , but what it is filled with is mostly brown mountains , purple swamps and dull , featureless alien spacecraft .
When the game does n't look plain - Jane , it looks goofy : Every time you die , you end up flailing in ridiculous , rag - doll fashion , then clipping halfway through the floor .
And then there 's a whole pile of little problems :
Dark Void does n't make much use of Quick Time Events ; it only throws them in once you 're close to a checkpoint and it wants to kill you .
Figuring out by trial and error what the hell the game wants you to do when it shows you a static picture of the left control stick is a pain in the ass , since every wrong solution means you get to do a whole boss fight over again .
The quickest way to dispatch enemies is to use a melee attack , but someone decided it would be good to map that action to the same button as " pick up a discarded weapon " and give the latter priority , such that instead of punching the alien in the face you pick up his gun , then the gun you dropped , then his gun , then the gun you dropped , then his gun , then you die .
Taking off from the ground is easy .
Trying to land will generally get you killed if you do n't switch to hover mode properly or if you brush up against the edge of something .
Again , moments where you need to land are generally placed at the end of a section of the game that you do n't want to repeat .
Even though some stages ( like the penultimate aerial battle ) felt like they lasted forever and ever , Dark Void is a pretty short game with an anticlimactic ending that does little more than set up a sequel .
Listening to the game 's music over the credits , I realized that I had enjoyed it throughout the game .
When Bear McCreary 's ( Battlestar Galactica ) name scrolled by , I understood why .
In all other respects , Dark Void was an ambitious project that just did n't make it off the ground .
WIRED Cool soundtrack ; unique " vertical shooting " concept .
TIRED Mundane graphics ; thin plot ; gameplay that vacillates between " OK " and " broken . "
$ 60 , Capcom
Rating :
Read Game|Life ’s game ratings guide .
See Also :
In what was once known as the free West , we are witnessing an escalation of totalitarian and anti-democratic laws being passed , which are greatly restricting freedom of speech and religious expression .
I refer especially to the various hate crimes laws which are being fomented by various minority activist groups .
I have written elsewhere about how bad such legislation is , and why these incursions into our freedoms need to be fiercely resisted .
If we do not stand up and fight for our freedoms , they will slowly be taken away from us .
Consider the latest case of Big Brother activism – this time in France .
Even by French standards , this one is really quite bizarre .
A bill may soon be passed by the French parliament in which “ psychological violence ” will be made a crime .
Really folks , I am not making this up .
Here is how a BBC report covers the story :
If you insult your wife or husband repeatedly , you could soon find yourself in court if you live in France .
The charge ?
Psychological violence .
That ’s what the new offence will be called if a bill backed by the government is passed by parliament .
Once considered a purely private domain , rows between married or cohabiting couples could now prompt intervention from the state .
This law will be about “ mental and verbal abuse ” and the State will meddle in domestic situations to ensure that such crimes are not committed .
If you thought French police might have had a lot on their plate up till now , just wait till this law gets passed .
They will be patrolling not just every street corner , but every bedroom , kitchen and living room as well .
Indeed , perhaps every marriage ceremony or de facto ritual will also have mandatory provisions for a cop to tag along on the honeymoon , or take up a guest room in the couple ’s home .
But such is the nature of the ever - encroaching State .
Mere humans are simply not capable of conducting their own affairs , so the State must increasingly step in and intervene .
Not only must a whole new raft of laws be passed , but a new army of thought police must be employed to enforce these laws .
The totalist state is ever seeking to expand its powers and control , and if we have covered just about every physical crime imaginable , then let ’s invent some mental and psychological crimes to also police .
When we start creating psychological and mental crimes , the sky ’s the limit .
And never mind the mere details about how such a law might actually work .
Indeed , just how a case of “ psychological violence ” can ever be proven in a court of law may be difficult , but never mind , a new mass of lawyers and bureaucrats will quickly spring into action , demanding their slice of the pie .
Judicial activism has already reached epidemic proportions , with lawyers and others making a mint from the ever - expanding State .
This law will simply escalate things a hundred - fold .
But of course all of this is done for our “ own good ” .
We need to be protected from ourselves , and who else but our faceless bureaucrats can make sure we all live acceptable lives .
Fortunately even secular prophets such as Huxley and Orwell had earlier warned about Big Brother and the strangling apparatus of the total state .
Religious prophets have also sounded the alarm .
C.S. Lewis for example wrote much about those well - meaning bureaucrats who would slowly exterminate humanity , all in the name of humanity .
His 1947 book , The Abolition of Man is a classic in this area , and all of us should have a copy of this important volume on our shelves .
But he wrote about this elsewhere .
Consider these remarks found in the preface to the 1959 edition of his The Screwtape Letters :
I like bats much better than bureaucrats .
I live in the Managerial Age , in a world of ‘ Admin . ’
The greatest evil is not now done in those sordid ‘ dens of crime ’ that Dickens loved to paint .
It is not done even in concentration camps and labour camps .
In those we see its final result .
But it is conceived and ordered ( moved , seconded , carried , and minuted ) in clean , carpeted , warmed , and well - lighted offices , by quiet men with white collars and cut fingernails and smooth - shaven cheeks who do not need to raise their voice .
Hence , naturally enough , my symbol for Hell is something like the bureaucracy of a police state or the offices of a thoroughly nasty business concern .
Indeed , Lewis penned an entire volume of science fiction on this topic , warning about the dangers of a power - mad bureaucracy in his 1946 volume , That Hideous Strength .
In the book the evil bureaucracy was called NICE , the National Institute of Coordinated Experiments .
These ruling elites always appear to be nice , even while they are involved in decidedly not very nice activities .
This book – the last volume in his space trilogy – is well worth reading .
With great prescience he noted how many Western secular states were heading to a tyranny of the bureaucrat .
The passing of time has only confirmed his fears .
Of course all of this is not to dismiss the reality and unfortunate nature of genuine domestic abuse , such as physical violence , bullying and the like .
But to ask the State to enter into the minds and emotions of couples , and arbitrate on what might be a case of “ psychological violence ” would require more than the wisdom of Solomon .
And it would require a clear diminution of our freedoms .
The truth is , the State can never create the Perfect Man .
Secular totalitarians have tried that before , and have always failed .
They always end up becoming coercive utopians , where the heaven on earth is achieved by enslaving mankind and destroying freedom .
Modern France was founded on the concept of liberty , equality and fraternity .
While a police state - like equality and fraternity may be the outcome of such laws , the very notion of liberty will cease to exist .
It is hoped that the French lawmakers and politicians will have more sense than to pass this idiotic bill .
If they do n’t then God help us all .
Anderson Cooper clambered to the top of a pile of rubble along a ruined Port - au - Prince street , joining the clutch of men digging fervently inside a dark crevasse .
As his cameraman zoomed in on a pair of small , naked feet , the CNN anchor described the struggle to free 13 - year - old Bea .
The images swept the cable station ’s audience , in an instant , into a moment as intimate as it was epic , as unsettling as it was affirming -- a microcosm of Haiti ’s struggle these last three days .
Could a handful of amateur rescuers , armed with a single shovel , win one skirmish against the country ’s sweeping devastation ?
A few moments later , the men dragged the dusty , disheveled girl -- one leg probably broken -- into the sunlight .
Some 18 hours after a massive earthquake , Cooper and his CNN colleagues were the first Western broadcast journalists who delivered the most indelible images from the heart of the impact zone .
So he had the privilege Wednesday afternoon of interviewing Bea , who told the world that , despite her cries : “ I was n’t scared .
I was n’t scared of anything . ”
Haiti ’s misery and suffering have been hard to watch , but they have offered confirmation of the invaluable contributions made in times of crisis by mainstream news outlets like CNN .
Advertisement
Some of the Earth ’s neediest people have been visited by an almost unbearable , added burden .
And cable television ’s pioneering outlet has risen to the occasion , making sure the world sees the painful realities .
CNN ’s determination to stick with the news stands in stark contrast to its competitors , particularly Fox News , that in prime time have increasingly been committed to building their brands with political commentary over straight reporting .
When critics accuse Fox of being a tool of the conservative political movement , the company ’s executives counter that they deliver serious news during much of the day .
But its prime - time headliners expose the values of the entire operation , and this week they ’ve given abysmally short shrift to the biggest crisis in the world .
Advertisement
Why dwell on one of our closest hemispheric neighbors in its hour of dire need , when -- like both Sean Hannity and Glenn Beck -- you can conduct prolonged , frothy promotional interviews with Fox ’s newest contributor , Sarah Palin ?
Why focus on all that misery , if , like Hannity on Wednesday , you can engage conservative virago Michelle Malkin in a soaring conversation about the Obama administration ’s “ culture of corruption . ”
Bill O’Reilly played his no -Haiti card too , managing a gripping discussion Wednesday with Bo Derek about the threat to the West ’s wild horses .
Not to mention those whales being hunted by the Japanese in the Southern Ocean .
Cable operator MSNBC could n’t match CNN ’s boots - on - the - rubble immediacy either .
NBC anchor Brian Williams , morning host Ann Curry and others were holed up at the Port - au - Prince airport Wednesday evening because of security concerns , before getting into the city Thursday to cover the story more directly .
Advertisement
But at least the cable affiliate did its best to tell the story from outside the epicenter .
It dedicated more than two hours to the quake in its three major prime - time shows , compared with less than seven minutes presented by Fox ’s biggest stars Wednesday night , according to the liberal media watchdog , Media Matters .
Randall E. King , a professor of media communications at Indiana Wesleyan University , said he was surprised and disappointed to see Fox devote so little attention to the story .
King said the evening hours are crucial because they signal what a TV outlet views as the day ’s most compelling topics .
“ When a real crisis comes and there ’s an opportunity to really serve as a leading news organization , to make a conscious decision to not cover this is an abandonment of journalistic responsibility , ” said King .
The one - time television reporter said the prime - time hosts , despite their opinion focus , should have paid more attention to the crisis just off our southern border .
A Fox insider told me she did n’t want to be quoted but called those assessments unfair , saying that coverage outside of prime time of the disaster had been considerable and would be ramped up Thursday night .
During
Fox ’s equivalent of the evening news , Shepard Smith did provide significant coverage of Haiti .
Greta Van Susteren devoted a chunk of her program to the disaster , though not from the scene , as intended , when her plane was turned away from Haiti ’s crowded main airport .
Advertisement
Fox ’s lack of focus on the subject during its most popular programs was not for a lack of resources .
A moneymaking juggernaut , the cable giant had about 20 employees in Haiti by midweek , nine of them on - air personalities .
Based on what went out over the air , though , you ’d hardly know .
Only one of those correspondents seemed able to get into the heart of the capital , with much of the reporting coming from staging areas and the secure airport .
CNN , in contrast , succeeded much as it did five years ago , when it dominated coverage of the Indian Ocean tsunami .
By Thursday , CNN had nine correspondents and anchors and some 40 others on the ground , along with generators and equipment that allowed it to broadcast pictures far superior to the competitions ’ grainy , streaming images .
Advertisement
As he has in many disasters past , Cooper showed he has a talent beyond filling out another one of those too - tight T - shirts .
He anchored coverage from CNN ’s outpost near a teeming park late into the night .
He maintained his abundant poise even as refugees camping nearby seemed on the verge of rampaging in the face of a rumored ( and nonexistent ) flood .
Cooper ’s colleagues repeatedly were virtually alone among American broadcasters in getting to the streets of Port - au - Prince , to bring home the anguish gripping the city .
On Wednesday , Ivan Watson stood outside an overflowing clinic , bodies strewn about the entryway , and interviewed a woman unable to get treatment for the ghastly fracture of her leg .
Sanjay Gupta found Haiti ’s president at the capital ’s airport , the leader conceding he had no idea where he would sleep that night .
On Thursday , Watson reported on another girl ( this one only 11 ) trapped by rubble , as rescuers tried to decide whether to save her by amputating her leg .
Susan Candiotti described an “ amazing , homespun ” rescue effort , in which a brigade of volunteers hacked , chiseled and pried a man from beneath a five - story building .
And Pentagon correspondent Chris Lawrence added important context , showing how a ruined port would make it difficult to unload emergency cargo .
Advertisement
No matter how much CNN succeeded in delivering the story , it will never make me stomach the self - promotion that it and other outlets insist on weaving throughout their coverage .
Can we please get through an hour without heaping praise on our correspondents ’ valor ( however real it may be ) ?
Maybe Gupta ca n’t be stopped from playing both reporter and doctor ( he is a neurosurgeon , after all ) , but how many times are we going to have to watch that video of the good doctor bandaging the head of a 15 - day - old girl ?
As to Fox , it upped its game in Haiti a bit on Thursday .
The station featured reports from Port - au - Prince by field - hardened correspondent Steve Harrigan .
A veteran of the Rwandan genocide and other scenes of natural and man-made destruction , Harrigan clearly felt the anguish in Haiti , as he reported on a mother “ insane for her loss ” after the death of her five children .
As he tried to describe the encounter later to Smith , Harrigan ’s voice cracked with emotion .
O’Reilly even devoted the first quarter of his hourlong program to the quake , focusing mostly on his concerns that U.S. aid will be lost if it ca n’t be kept away from thugs and Haiti ’s corrupt leaders .
And those reports from the stalwart Harrigan or other reporters on the scene ?
Someone up the production chain apparently deemed those not worthy of Fox ’s biggest shows .
Advertisement
When a crisis is at hand , I ’ll take a more concerted commitment to the straight news approach , thank you .
That way we can keep our gaze focused on what ’s really happening on the ground .
“ This is just one building .
This is just one block , ” Cooper said after reporting on young Bea ’s rescue this week .
“ The suffering here has just begun . ”
james.rainey@latimes.com
Desperate to hang on , somehow Chase Utley and the Phillies did .
Derek Jeter grounded into a double play , Mark Teixeira struck out , and Philadelphia staved off the Yankees and elimination with an 8 - 6 win in Game 5 on Monday night .
Now comes the hard part : winning twice at Yankee Stadium .
Game 6 will be played Wednesday night , with New York 's Andy Pettitte going on short rest against Pedro Martinez , not exactly a beloved figure in the Bronx .
Utley hit two home runs to raise his Series total to a record - tying five , Cliff Lee won again and Philadelphia cut its deficit to 3 - 2 .
" We did n't have a choice .
It was either go home and watch football and college basketball or extend the season , " Phillies shortstop Jimmy Rollins said .
Ahead 8 - 2 , the Phillies watched New York score three times in the eighth inning and put its first two batters on in the ninth .
Jeter 's grounder drove in a run , but the fans on their feet could n't exhale until Teixeira struck out as the tying run .
Whew !
Utley hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the first inning off A.J. Burnett and added a solo shot in the seventh to join Reggie Jackson as the only players to hit five home runs in a single World Series .
" Obviously it 's great company , " Utley said .
" It 's pretty surreal . "
Philadelphia replicated its winning formula from the opener , when Utley hit two solo homers and Lee pitched a six - hitter .
Raul Ibanez set off fireworks from the Liberty Bell one last time , adding a second solo shot in the seventh off Phil Coke that made it 8 - 2 .
In a matchup of starters from Arkansas , Lee allowed five runs and seven hits in seven - plus innings .
He is 4 - 0 with a 1.56 ERA in five postseason starts .
" I do n't think my command was as good as it has been , " Lee said .
" I had to battle a little bit . "
Alex Rodriguez had put the Yankees ahead with an RBI double in the first and hit a two - run double in the eighth off Lee .
He scored on Robinson Cano 's sacrifice fly against Chan Ho Park to cut the deficit to 8 - 5 .
Jorge Posada clanked a double against the right - field wall leading off the ninth against Ryan Madson , and Hideki Matsui singled him to third .
Closer Brad Lidge was nowhere to be seen one night after his ninth - inning meltdown .
" I kind of wanted to just give Lidge a break tonight if I could , " Phillies manager Charlie Manuel said .
4th January 2010 , 01:55 pm
Ever since ActiveVRML , the model we ’ve been using in functional reactive programming ( FRP ) for interactive behaviors is ( T -> a ) ->
( T -> b ) , for dynamic ( time - varying ) input of type a and dynamic output of type b ( where T is time ) .
In “ Classic FRP ” formulations ( including ActiveVRML , Fran & Reactive ) , there is a “ behavior ” abstraction whose denotation is a function of time .
Interactive behaviors are then modeled as host language ( e.g. , Haskell ) functions between behaviors .
Problems with this formulation are described in Why classic FRP does not fit interactive behavior .
These same problems motivated “ Arrowized FRP ” .
In Arrowized FRP , behaviors ( renamed “ signals ” ) are purely conceptual .
They are part of the semantic model but do not have any realization in the programming interface .
Instead , the abstraction is a signal transformer , SF a b , whose semantics is ( T -> a ) -> ( T -> b ) .
See Genuinely Functional User Interfaces and Functional Reactive Programming , Continued .
Whether in its classic or arrowized embodiment , I ’ve been growing uncomfortable with this semantic model of functions between time functions .
A few weeks ago , I realized that one source of discomfort is that this model is mostly junk .
This post contains some partially formed thoughts about how to eliminate the junk ( “ garbage collect the semantics ” ) , and what might remain .
There are two generally desirable properties for a denotational semantics : full abstraction and junk - freeness .
Roughly , “ full abstraction ” means we must not distinguish between what is ( operationally ) indistinguishable , while “ junk - freeness ” means that every semantic value must be denotable .
FRP ’s semantic model , ( T->a ) ->
( T -> b ) , allows not only arbitrary ( computable ) transformation of input values , but also of time .
The output at some time can depend on the input at any time at all , or even on the input at arbitrarily many different times .
Consequently , this model allows respoding to future input , violating a principle sometimes called “ causality ” , which is that outputs may depend on the past or present but not the future .
In a causal system , the present can reach backward to the past but not forward the future .
I ’m uneasy about this ability as well .
Arbitrary access to the past may be much more powerful than necessary .
As evidence , consult the system we call ( physical ) Reality .
As far as I can tell , Reality operates without arbitrary access to the past or to the future , and it does a pretty good job at expressiveness .
Moreover , arbitrary past access is also problematic to implement in its semantically simple generality .
There is a thing we call informally “ memory ” , which at first blush may look like access to the past , it is n’t really .
Rather , memory is access to a present input , which has come into being through a process of filtering , gradual accumulation , and discarding ( forgetting ) .
I ’m talking about “ memory ” here in the sense of what our brains do , but also what all the rest of physical reality does .
For instance , weather marks on a rock are part of the rock ’s ( present ) memory of the past weather .
A very simple memory - less semantic model of interactive behavior is just a -> b .
This model is too restrictive , however , as it cannot support any influence of the past on the present .
Which leaves a question : what is a simple and adequate formal model of interactive behavior that reaches neither into the past nor into the future , and yet still allows the past to influence the present ?
Inspired in part by a design principle I call “ what would reality do ? ” ( WWRD ) , I ’m happy to have some kind of infinitesimal access to the past , but nothing further .
My current intuition is that differentiation / integration plays a crucial role .
That information is carried forward moment by moment in time as “ momentum ” in some sense .
I call intuition cosmic fishing .
You feel a nibble , then you ’ve got to hook the fish .
– Buckminster Fuller
Where to go with these intuitions ?
Perhaps interactive behaviors are some sort of function with all of its derivatives .
See Beautiful differentiation for an specification and derived implementation of numeric operations , and more generally of Functor and Applicative , on which much of FRP is based .
I suspect the whole event model can be replaced by integration .
Integration is the main remaining piece .
How weak a semantic model can let us define integration ?
Thanks
My thanks to Luke Palmer and to Noam Lewis for some clarifying chats about these half - baked ideas .
And to the folks on #haskell IRC for brainstorming titles for this post .
My favorite suggestions were
luqui : instance HasJunk FRP where
luqui : Functional reactive programming ’s semantic baggage
sinelaw : FRP , please take out the trash !
cale : Garbage collecting the semantics of FRP
BMeph : Take out the FRP - ing Trash
all of which I preferred over my original “ FRP is mostly junk ” .
Ever since ActiveVRML , the model we ’ve been using in functional reactive programming ( FRP ) for interactive behaviors is ( T -> a ) ->
( T - > b ) , for dynamic ( time - varying ) input of type a and dynamic output ...
Rajendra K. Pachauri , chairman of UN's Nobel Peace Prize - winning Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , had advocated emission reductions at the recently concluded Copenhagen Climate Summit .
But back home in India , he seems to be failing to uphold standards of propriety in his professional dealings .
During his tenure , first as director from 1982 , and then as director - general of The Energy Research Institute ( TERI ) since 2001 , Pachauri was a member of the boards of the Oil and Natural Gas Commission ( ONGC ) , Indian Oil Corporation ( IOC ) and National Thermal Power Corporation ( NTPC ) , three of India 's biggest public sector energy companies , all of whom by the very nature of their business contribute heavily to greenhouse gas emissions .
These emissions , according to the IPCC , are adding to the country 's growing carbon footprint and hastening climate change .
TERI , in fact , entered into business dealings with these companies and allegedly benefitted from Pachauri 's association with them .
Pachauri 's dealings have also been noticed by the international media .
Recently , the Sunday Telegraph of London had accused him of amassing a fortune using his links with carbon trading companies .
Pachauri dismisses the report as " a pack of lies " .
The climate change hero was an independent director on ONGC 's board for three years between June 2006 and June 2009 , during which he was entitled to first - class air travel when he attended meetings , five - star hotel stays and an allowance of Rs 25,000 for each meeting attended .
This was in addition to having a say in the PSU 's decision - making process .
It was during this period that TERI had secured business contracts from ONGC .
This practice is against ONGC 's official code of conduct which says : " The directors and management shall act within the authority conferred upon them in the best interests of the company and will use their prudent judgment to avoid all situations , decisions or relationships which give or could give rise to conflict of interest or appear to conflict with their responsibilities within the company . "
Pachauri says he is now not on the board of any public sector undertaking .
" What is stated applies only for short periods in the past , " he replied to a questionnaire sent by Mail Today .
" TERI is a not - for - profit organisation working for the welfare of society and its revenues cover costs and provide no private benefit to any party . "
Pachauri 's position is untenable , as ONGC and TERI launched a joint business venture in March 2008 called ONGC - TERI Biotech Ltd ( OTBL ) ; this was while the TERI director - general was on its board .
This entity 's objective was the " large - scale application of microbial product oil zapper for clean - up of oil spills in farmers ' fields and around oil installations and treatment of oily sludge hazardous hydrocarbon waste " .
TERI had a 47 per cent share in OTBL ; ONGC held 49 per cent and the rest was picked up by financial institutions .
The OTBL official website says ONGC and TERI reserve the rights of patents and the use of technology and patents exclusively .
When asked about this , Pachauri said : " The joint venture ( OTBL ) was established largely at the insistence of ONGC .
A decision to set up OTBL was taken only on October 31 , 2006 , at a board meeting that I did not even attend . "
Does that mean he was n't even aware of the decision to set up OTBL ?
OTBL was set up in 2008 , and ONGC insiders told this correspondent all the work awarded to TERI was done on a nomination basis and not through tenders , as is the accepted practice .
Pachauri for his part claims that " TERI has not even charged OTBL any royalty for the technology provided to ONGC and other oil companies in India , as is the case with most IITs and CSIR labs .
Any funds provided to TERI are purely to cover costs of activities carried out and performed successfully . "
Another senior ONGC official confirmed to Mail Today that close to Rs 30 crore was paid directly and indirectly to TERI over a period of time for the execution of projects , which included bio-remediation , pipeline corrosion inhibitors and microbial enhanced oil recovery ( MEOR ) .
OTBL was also involved in these transactions , he said .
Pachauri denied this as well .
" The amount of Rs 30 crore has perhaps been mentioned erroneously for OTBL , " he said .
" It is an independent entity with separate accounts , and any funding received from ONGC by OTBL is separate from any transactions involving OTBL and TERI . "
Intriguingly , ONGC has two specialty labs - Institute of Reservoir Studies ( IRS ) in Ahmedabad and Institute of Biotechnology and Geo-Tectonics Studies ( INBIGS ) at Jorhat , Assam - to do what TERI was contracted to do .
Both labs were set up to handle high - value , high - end and extremely specialised research .
Pachauri conceded that the decision to set up OTBL was based on the work done jointly by TERI and IRS .
Pachauri may not see this as a conflict of interest , but former minister of state for petroleum and natural gas Santosh Gangwar said he had complained against it .
" I had demanded an inquiry against Pachauri in a letter I wrote to Petroleum Minister Murli Deora some time back , " he confirmed .
" This is a case of conflict of interest on Pachauri 's part .
TERI is benefitting from ONGC . "
The associate director of the environment NGO , Centre for Science and Environment , Chander Bhushan Singh said Pachauri and TERI need to come clean on their conflict of interest dealings with ONGC .
Pachauri does n't see it this way .
" The presence of any TERI person on the board of a PSU cannot be seen as a conflict of interest just as the presence of a secretary to the government of India on TERI 's governing council - which is the case - can be seen as serving the public interest . "
On if the association of anyone from TERI on PSU boards had served any public interest , he claimed : " It is ( in ) the larger public interest , with no private benefit to any party . "
Pachauri said projects were awarded to TERI because it served the objectives of PSUs .
He said : " TERI 's track record of successfully completing projects and serving the objectives of several PSUs is the reason why these were awarded to my organisation , with several of them going back in time well before I joined the boards of these organisations . "
He added that in certain isolated incidents he had recused himself .
But then he contradicted himself later in his reply : " The boards of the PSUs I have been associated with generally consist of over 20 members , and there is no way I could have influenced any decision within this structure even if I was a part of such a decision . "
Pachauri was also on the board of another OTBL client - IOC - from January 1999 to September 2003 .
TERI signed a memorandum of collaboration with IOC to treat oil sludge , a waste product thrown up by oil refineries .
IOC uses the TERI - developed oil zapper technology to treat the waste .
According to IOC , its mini- utility project for charging solar lanterns was launched in technical collaboration with TERI .
Pachauri was also on the NTPC board from 2002 to 2005 , and then from January 2006 onwards .
In 2006 , NTPC and TERI signed a MoU to implement rural electrification jointly through distributed generation schemes .
Under this project , TERI and NTPC identify suitable technology , and then fund and implement appropriate electricity delivery mechanisms .
Pachauri had a reply for this too : " TERI took the initiative of providing that organisation with its biomass gasifier technology to set up power generation in villages that had no access to electricity .
TERI did not charge any royalty for the technology developed over decades of research and development and was in fact reimbursed by NTPC sums that were far below costs incurred by TERI . "
But Pachauri 's problems run deeper .
The Sunday Telegraph of London , in a recent report , claimed Pachauri had established an " astounding worldwide portfolio of business interests with bodies which have been investing billions of dollars in organisations dependent on the IPCC 's policy recommendations " .
Pachauri 's answer to this charge is : " I have n't pocketed a penny from my association with companies and institutes , " he said .
" All honoraria I get go to TERI and to its ' Light A Billion Lives ' campaign for reaching solar power to people without electricity .
My dealings are above board . "
The climate change hero is quick with his answers , but doubts over his links linger .
A Greek Tragedy Should the EU Save Athens from Bankruptcy ?
In Berlin and Brussels there is growing doubt over whether Greece can solve its debt problems without external help .
If nothing is done , the country risks falling into bankruptcy -- with unforeseeable consequences for the European currency .
Von Wolfgang Reuter
Would you believe that one in six Americans is " going hungry " ?
You should n’t , because it ’s not true .
Nevertheless , the liberal group MoveOn.org claimed something close to that in an end - of - the - year appeal for donations to Feeding America , the national anti-hunger charity .
MoveOn ’s message said : " This winter , a record 49 million Americans are going hungry because of the economy . "
( To read the whole fundraising appeal , click the link below . )
[ EET ] Dear MoveOn member , " I ’m sure we ’re going to run out of food today , before we serve all the people that are in line . "
That ’s Mary - Sharon Howland , director of a food bank near New Orleans .
1
But the same problem is plaguing food banks and soup kitchens across America .
This winter , a record 49 million Americans are going hungry because of the economy .
2
Our country needs change that gets to the root of the problem , but we also need to help people survive the immediate crisis .
Here ’s a way to help : Feeding America is the nation ’s leading network of food banks — including one near you , Capital Area Food Bank .
For every $ 1 you donate , Feeding America can help provide 7 meals to men , women , and children facing hunger in our country .
Please contribute to Feeding America as generously as you can .
Click here to make a tax - deductible donation before the end of the year : http://help.feedingamerica.org/moveon
As progressives , we share a core belief that we ’re all in this together .
We ’ll continue to fight for lasting change — and help each other weather this economic downturn .
Thanks for all you do , and happy New Year !
– Justin , Adam , Amy , Anna , Annie , Carrie , Christopher , Daniel , Danielle , Eli , Emily , Gail , Ian , Ilya , Ilyse , Joan , Jodeen , Kat , Keauna , Laura , Lenore , Marika , Matt , Matthew , Melanie , Michael , Nita , Noah , Peter , Scott , Stephen , Steven , Susannah , Tim , and Wes Sources :
1. " Kenner Food Bank may have to turn away needy , " WWLTV Eyewitness News ( Louisiana ) , December 23 , 2009
http://www.wwltv.com/news/Kenner-Food-Bank-80023467.html
2 . " Hunger in U.S. at a 14 - Year High , " The New York Times , November 16 , 2009
http://www.nytimes.com/2009/11/17/us/17hunger.html [ / EET ]
Now , 49 million would be a lot of hungry people .
Consider first that the total U.S. population is just over 308 million .
Divide 49 million into that , and it works out to be one in 6.3 Americans .
We agree that hunger is a real and serious problem , but could things be that bad ?
Where is MoveOn getting such a figure ?
Helpfully , MoveOn ’s message provides a footnoted citation to a Nov. 16 New York Times article carrying the headline " Hunger in U.S. at a 14 - Year High . "
It ’s a gloomy story that supports MoveOn ’s claim that the 49 million number is a " record " of sorts , even though the government ’s records only go back to 1995 .
But the story does not say that 49 million " are going hungry . "
To the contrary , the Times reported that two - thirds of the 49 million " typically had enough to eat , " while the other one - third had skipped meals , cut the size of their portions or otherwise done without food " at some point in the year " of 2008 .
Hence , the claim that 49 million are " going hungry " at any given time , or even for one day during the year , is very far from the truth .
The official Agriculture Department report on which the Times story is based found that 49.1 million Americans were " food insecure " at least some of the time during 2008 .
The report said that most of those , despite problems getting food , " typically have reported few , if any , indications of reduced food intake . "
But 17.3 million of them were reported to have " very low " food security .
( See Table 1A on page 6 . )
That " very low " category includes people experiencing varying degrees of hunger .
The report says 27 percent of the households in that category reported that an adult went an entire day without food at least once during the year , and nearly half ( 47 percent ) of respondents reported losing weight because of having too little money to buy food , while others skipped a meal or cut down on portions at times .
Still , even " very low " food security is not the same thing as being hungry on any given day , as the report cautions its readers :
USDA Report : [ I ]t is important to keep in mind that households were classified as having low or very low food security if they experienced the condition at any time during the previous 12 months .
The prevalence of these conditions on any given day is far below the corresponding annual prevalence .
For example , the prevalence of very low food security on an average day during the 30 - day period prior to the December 2008 survey is estimated to have been between 0.9 and 1.2 percent of households .
In other words , the available evidence shows that the number of Americans who were even somewhat hungry on any given day was around one in 100 — far from the one in six that MoveOn.org claimed .
The fact that MoveOn.org is vastly overstating the case should n’t discourage anyone from giving to Feeding America .
In fact , this author is a regular donor to that hunger - relief charity .
Indeed , food banks and soup kitchens keep many persons from falling into the " very low " food security category .
The hunger problem is real and may be somewhat worse than the Agriculture Department report shows , since it is based on a survey of households and , therefore , does not include the homeless .
Also , the unemployment rate has risen sharply since the survey was conducted , up from 6.8 percent in November 2008 to 10 percent in November of last year , according to the most recent official report .
So the problem may well be worse this winter than it was a year ago .
The problem is bad enough .
There ’s no need to exaggerate and misrepresent the numbers .
To scan or not to scan ?
That ’s the choice facing U.S. - bound passengers at Pearson International Airport as the airport rolls out Canada ’s first full - body scanner .
The high - tech scanner , which uses radio waves to peer beneath clothing to scan skin surfaces , was put into service Wednesday at Terminal One , said Mathieu Larocque , spokesman for the Canadian Air Transport Security Authority .
Passengers designated for secondary screening are offered the choice of a full - body scan or a pat - down .
Passengers headed into the security zone questioned by the Star on Thursday said they ’d prefer a scan over a hand search by more than a 10 - 1 margin .
“ It ’s invasive when somebody touches me , ” said Toronto resident Olena Kashuba , 30 , on her way to Chicago .
She said she did n’t fear the scans or the operators who viewed the images .
“ They see like , what , 10,000 a day ?
I think they ’re going to be bored with all those bodies .
I like my body , so I do n’t mind , ” she said .
“ But touching ?
I do n’t like . ”
For Mike Shumate , on his way to Texas , it was all about convenience .
“ I guess I ’d choose screening , whichever is quicker , the shortest line , ” he said .
“ At the end of the day , if it keeps us safe , I ’m all for it . ”
But 24 - year - old Ashley from Barrie , who was flying to Florida , said a hand search was far preferable to a scan .
“ I do n’t like the idea of a body scan , ” she said .
“ I guess it ’s more invasive when they get to see everything . ”
Posing for the electronic strip - search is voluntary , for adults only , and produces images seen by a screener “ in a remote room , ” said Larocque .
“ They have no way of seeing the passenger .
The image they look at does n’t have any identification .
There is no name , no flight number . ”
CATSA is rolling out 11 of the millimeter - wave machines at major airports “ as we speak , ” Larocque explained , although Pearson has the first .
He could n’t specify when others would arrive at airports in Montreal , Vancouver , Calgary , Ottawa , Halifax and Winnipeg .
He said 30 more scanners are scheduled to be installed “ later in the spring . ”
Larocque , who went through a scanner himself during a pilot project at the Kelowna , B.C. , airport last year , said the procedure “ takes five seconds , ” but passengers must first remember to unload pens , change and other objects into a bin .
CATSA is monitoring how the machines “ affect the flow of passengers , ” but there is nothing definitive yet , he said .
Star Travel Editor Jim Byers reported encountering the machine at the airport early Thursday .
“ There was only one lineup with the machine , ” Byers said .
“ People were told to step inside a large , glass - enclosed unit and raise their hands in the air . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Nobody appeared to be objecting and the lineup seemed to be moving normally , he said .
There was a huge security contingent at Pearson on Thursday morning , with dozens of uniformed workers and supervisors in suits managing the process , he said .
“ The lineup to get to U.S. customs was 200 or 300 metres long , at least .
Once inside , it was situation normal and people went through U.S. customs in the regular fashion .
But after that , at security , they had people step on mats and follow a green sign that pointed folks to the proper security lineup .
“ It was the usual , shoes and laptops out of your bag .
But what was different , at least different from the pre-Christmas period , is the care they took going through my knapsack , ” Byers said .
More stringent restrictions on air passengers worldwide went into effect after the aborted Christmas Day bombing attempt on a flight from Amsterdam bound for Detroit .
Transport Canada promised earlier this month to introduce full - body scanners within three months at major airports .
The government transport authority relaxed some restrictions Tuesday when it announced passengers could bring a small carry - on bag , in addition to a personal item such as a purse or knapsack , onto a flight .
Yolanda Cousins told the Star she ’d be happy to submit to a scan before boarding her flight to Florida .
“ I want to make their day , ” the 59 - year - old Toronto woman said with a laugh .
With files from Lesley Ciarula Taylor
The latest piece of big news in the sovereign debt crisis comes , remarkably , from Iceland .
The country collapsed into depression after its experiment as an open economy with a large banking sector went pear shaped .
After a debt - fuelled boom and a huge influx of hot money due to high interest rates , its currency and banks collapsed under a fleeing of foreign money and huge losses .
The government nationalized the banks ’ debt , only to find the banks were too big to bail .
The Icelanders rioted on the streets , a sovereign crisis ensued , and the government was toppled .
Iceland was rescued and it seemed all was well .
They was even talk of fast - tracking Iceland into the EU .
Then , suddenly , the population balked at the prospect of bailing out the banks .
Now , the sovereign debt crisis is on again .
At issue is Icesave , an Icelandic bank that operated in the UK and the Netherlands whose bust caused great hardship amongst British and Dutch savers who were attracted by high interest rates .
See the video below on why Fitch is now downgrading the country ’s debt status to junk despite the lack of immediate liquidity concerns .
Icelandic President Grimsson blocked the legislation proposed by the new government under prime inister Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir after the last government was thrown out of office .
This is significant since his is a largely ceremonial role and it was only the second time the President has ever done so in Iceland .
Last year , I was in a small forum led by the Icelandic President Grimsson .
You could see his violently visceral reaction to the bank issue as he spoke about it .
His anger reflects that of the larger populace .
Defending his decision , he said :
It is the cornerstone of the constitutional structure of the Republic of Iceland that the people are the supreme judge of the validity of the law .
I think this is big news and have a number of sources on this story below .
Watch the Dutch and British stories for signs of European tensions as this is where the affected Icesave savers reside .
The FT headline says it all .
The Financieele Dagblad headline says “ Iceland threatened to become next Cuba . ” Ambrose Evans - Pritchard ’s commentary is the most comprehensive and balanced in my view .
The Norwegian headline , on the other hand , is “ Iceland not on the verge of collapse ” in huge typeface .
The fault lines are definitely opening in Europe .
I will discuss this later on the latest story on Greece and the likelihood of EU help .
It ’s because of the implications in other European countries that the Icelandic situation is significant .
Michael Hudson had this right when he said Iceland simply can’t pay .
I have bolded the most significant part of his piece because it applies not just to Iceland :
Under normal conditions Iceland , a prospective EU member that had signed up to European deposit insurance rules , would have availed itself of the right to settle with depositors in an orderly manner …
The EU law did not anticipate a systemic failure and made no provision for the government to be liable beyond its insurance agency .
But guidelines agreed by the Ecofin meeting of European Union finance ministers on November 14 2008 were clear : “ These negotiating discussions shall be conducted in a compatible and co-ordinated manner and account will be taken of the difficult and unprecedented circumstances in which Iceland finds itself and the urgent necessity of deciding on measures which will enable Iceland to restore its financial and economic system . ”
So the broader issue concerns Iceland ’s ability to pay 250 per cent of its current gross domestic product – nearly $ 20,000 for each Icelandic citizen – to settle its Landsbanki mismanagement .
The International Monetary Fund did not think this was a realistic option when its team calculated in November 2008 that : “ A further depreciation of the exchange rate of 30 per cent would cause a further precipitous rise in the debt ratio ( to 240 per cent of GDP in 2009 ) and would clearly be unsustainable . ” …
A pragmatic economic principle is at work in such conditions .
Debts that cannot be paid , will not be ( unless one pays back Peter by borrowing from Paul ) .
At stake , therefore , is how much can be paid without wrecking Iceland ’s economy .
How many Icelanders must lose their homes as carrying charges soar on mortgages indexed to the exchange rate ?
Emigration is accelerating , and many foreign workers already have left .
How many more must depart ?
And if the post - Soviet experience of a steep and sudden drop in living standards is relevant , by how many years must Icelandic lifespans shorten ?
Sources
Reykjavik warned of political isolation – FT
Iceland can refuse debt servitude – FT
Iceland faces crisis after Icesave rejection – Reuters
Iceland leader vetoes bank repayments bill – BBC News
Iceland ’s president blocks £ 2.3 bn Icesave deal to compensate the UK – Telegraph
Angry Iceland defies the world – Ambrose Evans - Pritchard , Telegraph
Icelanders to vote on whether to repay UK over bank bailout – Guardian
Poll : Should Iceland be forced to pay ?
– Guardian
President IJsland verwerpt Icesave - akkoord – NRC Handelsblad
IJsland isoleert zich met veto Icesave - akkoord – NRC Handelsblad
IJsland dreigt ‘ soort Cuba ’ te worden – Finacieele Dagblad
IJsland houdt referendum over omstreden Icesave - akkoord – Financieele Dagblad
Island ikke på randen av kollaps – E24
Islands hårde krise – Berlingske Tidene
Islands parlament hasteindkaldes – Berlingske Tidene
Les Islandais consultés sur le remboursement de la dette – Figaro
I saw this and my jaw popped open .
This is absolutely gorgeous .
You 've carved a great eye path , and the shapes and colors are fantastic .
As busy and explosive as it looks , I can't help but think of it frozen and drifting in a void , a treasure to behold .
Just .. wow .
TNT has greenlit 10 episodes of Steven Spielberg 's untitled alien - invasion series .
We 've got the first picture from the set , featuring the heavily armored ER doctor , Noah Wyle .
Apparently it takes a lot of ammo to kill these space bastards .
Advertisement
TNT is mighty excited about its new Spielberg alien show , judging from the ten - episode order .
Which is a lot , seeing as how most new shows flap in and out of miniseries and TV - movies before developing an audience .
But then again , it 's Steven frakking Spielberg .
Plus Robert Rodat , of Saving Private Ryan fame , penned the pilot from an original idea .
Which was inspired by Spielberg 's previous alien TV venture Taken .
Beside Noah , Terminator Salvation 's Moon Bloodgood will star .
Advertisement
The series begins after a massive alien invasion has ravaged the Earth .
The show will focus on a small group of survivors / rebels .
And from the looks of this picture , they are n't messing around .
[ Picture via Spoiler TV and Scifi Wire ]
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The US has called on Beijing to investigate the recent cyber attacks on Google that have prompted the search giant to threaten to leave China .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said that companies such as Google should refuse to support " politically motivated censorship " .
She also said China along with Tunisia and Uzbekistan had boosted censorship .
Google says hackers tried to infiltrate its software coding and the e-mail accounts of human rights activists .
The BBC's Kim Ghattas at the State Department says Mrs Clinton 's remarks are bound to anger the Chinese authorities , who have sought to play down the incident .
China says the row should not be linked to relations with the US .
Vice - Foreign Minister
He Yafei said the rift with the web company should not be " over - interpreted " , according to state news agency Xinhua .
Transparency call
In a wide - ranging speech at the Newseum journalism museum in Washington , Mrs Clinton said the internet had been a " source of tremendous progress " in China , but that Beijing should investigate the attacks on Google .
In an interconnected world , an attack on one nation 's networks can be an attack on all
Hillary Clinton
What now for Google ?
Google China : Your comments
Google 's about turn in China " We look to Chinese authorities to conduct a thorough investigation of the cyber intrusions , " she said .
" We also look for that investigation and its results to be transparent . "
Again in reference to China , she said that any country which restricted free access to information risked " walling themselves off from the progress of the next century " .
The US intended to address issues of internet freedom within its relationship with Beijing , she added .
Separately , she called for tough action against people and states that carried out cyber attacks .
Google says it will stay in China if censorship is relaxed " Countries or individuals that engage in cyber attacks should face consequences and international condemnation , " she said .
" In an interconnected world , an attack on one nation 's networks can be an attack on all . "
Mrs Clinton addressed a number of other issues in the speech :
She named Tunisia , Uzbekistan , Vietnam and Egypt , as well as China , as countries where the " free flow of information " was threatened
She said the US was supporting the development of new tools to enable citizens to circumvent politically motivated censorship
Internet technologies were a mixed blessing , used by terror groups to spread hatred and by authoritarian governments to crush dissent
She cited Saudi Arabia as an example of countries which blocked access to information about religions , including Islam
Countries that employed censorship could make no distinction between political and commercial speech and were therefore harming their own interests Mobile launch postponed Google said on 12 January hackers had tried to infiltrate its software coding and the e-mail accounts of Chinese human rights activists , in a " highly sophisticated " attack .
The California - based company , which launched in China in 2006 , said it would quit the country unless the government relaxed censorship .
On Tuesday , the Chinese government said Google and other foreign companies had to obey the country 's laws and traditions .
The same day , Google said it was postponing the launch of two mobile phones in China .
When Google launched google .cn four years ago , it was criticised for agreeing to Beijing 's demands to make certain search results off - limits - including those relating to the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests , Tibetan independence or Falun Gong .
China has more internet users , about 350 million , than any other country and provides a lucrative search - engine market worth an estimated $ 1bn ( £ 618 m ) last year .
Google holds about a third of the country 's search market , with Chinese rival Baidu having more than 60 % .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Beatles in 1957 .
George Harrison is 14 , John Lennon is 16 , and Paul McCartney is 15 .
Two unnamed US officials say 47 Guantanamo Bay detainees will be held in prison indefinitely , without charge .
They are reportedly too dangerous to be released , but can not be tried either because the evidence against them is too flimsy or was extracted by coercion .
The outcome will dismay civil liberties groups who hoped US President Barack Obama would end the practice of detention without trial .
Moazzam Begg was a Guantanamo detainee and now directs a prisoner rights organisation , ' Cage Prisoners ' .
Mr Begg says he is dismayed but not surprised by the committee 's findings .
" The reality is that although they 're talking about holding these 47 prisoners without charge or trial , the sad reality is they 've been held for eight years without charge or trial , " he said .
" So it 's not as if they 're going to be entering into any new arena , there 's no new discussion or dialogue .
The whole talk about the change has come to America was simply a lie . "
The Presidential taskforce has recommended 35 of the 196 detainees left at Guantanamo Bay face prosecution .
They could be heading to the United States be trialed in either a federal court or a military commission .
US Attorney General Eric Holder has already said five of them , including the alleged September 11 mastermind , will go on trial in New York .
Today marks Mr Obama 's self imposed one - year deadline to shut down the prison camp , although he conceded last year that it would be missed .
- ABC/ BBC
By Poonam Taneja
BBC Asian Network
Indian brides ' families still pay dowries of up to £ 20,000 to some British men Thousands of brides in India are being abandoned by their British Indian husbands after they are married .
Despite this , there is evidence to suggest that Indian women are continuing to fall for British suitors .
In a dusty village in the Jagraon district of Punjab , northern India , 35 - year - old Suman ( which is not her real name ) , lives with her widowed mother in a small room in a crumbling building .
Four years ago , the secondary school teacher married a British man in a wedding arranged by relatives .
Shortly after the ceremony , her husband , who is in his 50s , left for London with the promise he would send for her .
At first all appeared to go well .
" He would visit two to three times a year .
" Whenever he came to India , we had a good time , " she said .
However , on one visit he claimed her application for a spousal visa to the UK had been refused .
It was like being a prostitute you take along and have a good time with and then leave behind
' Suman ' , 35 " He told me he had applied for an appeal .
" But he has never shown me a copy of that appeal .
He 's never shown me any documents . "
The visits and calls ended , and for the past six months Suman has had no contact with her husband .
" In hindsight , it was like being a prostitute you take along and have a good time with and then leave behind .
" When he returned to England , there would be no communication .
A month before he was due to come back , he established contact again .
" Many a time I let that pass , thinking he might be busy , but now I get the feeling that I was being used all this time . "
In the bustling city of Chandigarh , lawyer and women 's rights activist Daljit Kaur has dealt with many similar women who have been deserted by their husbands who live in the UK , Canada and the US .
" There are 15,000 to 20,000 abandoned brides in India , " she said .
Daljit Kaurs thinks up to 6,500 British men may have left brides in India In India these women are called " holiday brides " and Mrs Kaur believes British grooms account for a third of all such cases .
In the village of Rurka Kalan , in the Doaba region of Punjab , an area that has strong links to Britain 's Indian community , I was taken to a local community centre , a bare single - storey concrete building .
There I was staggered to discover up to a dozen women huddled together , clutching their marriage documents and wedding photographs .
The youngest of these " holiday brides " were barely out of their teens .
A pretty girl dressed in a shalwar kameez ( tunic and trousers ) had married a man from Coventry , central England .
She said : " He did not give me any reason , why he did this .
" I came to know later through relatives that he did not want to stay married to a girl from such a poor background . "
The eldest was a 41 - year - old lady who was deserted by a Glaswegian man more than 20 years ago .
She handed me a scrap of paper with an address scrawled on it , urging me to trace him for her .
Not one of these women had re-married .
They said their lives had been ruined in this socially conservative part of India , where divorce is frowned upon .
Many are forced to depend on relatives for financial handouts .
But Indian women are still falling for British suitors .
After marriage , they physically and mentally tortured me
' Rani ' , 25 Jassi Khangura , a businessman from London and now a politician in the Punjab Legislative Assembly , says Indian families are obsessed with emigrating to the UK .
" People are desperate to migrate , because they do n't think this land gives them the opportunities they need , particularly for girls , " he said .
Rani ( not her real name ) is one such 25 - year - old is hoping for a better life in the UK .
She got married in January .
" When the marriage date was fixed he asked for around £ 12,000 so my parents sold our house , to give him the money , " she said .
In India , paying and accepting a dowry - a centuries - old tradition where the bride 's parents present gifts of cash , clothes and jewellery to the groom 's family - has been illegal since 1961 .
But the practice still thrives in rural areas , and a British Indian groom can command a dowry of up to £ 20,000 in Punjab .
After Rani's marriage , her in - laws demanded more cash , but her parents could not pay , and she was dumped .
" After marriage , they physically and mentally tortured me .
" He made me abort my baby , then they threw me out of their house . "
Rani still wears her wedding bangles in the hope that she will one day be reunited with her husband in England .
I managed to trace Rani 's husband in England .
He claims to have left her after discovering she had a boyfriend who she continued to see after they were wed .
Balwant Ramoowalia said fraudulent husbands should be sent to India Another " runaway groom " I located in England claimed he was duped by his Indian bride , who only married him for a British passport .
UK matrimonial expert Tahir Mahmood helps arrange marriages , and believes British men are the victims .
" Anyone from back home ( India ) , they want British , British , British ... the girls over there , do n't care if someone has been married twice before , they do n't care how he looks like or what his background is . "
The British government 's Forced Marriages
Unit says it has been dealing with a rising number of forced marriage cases involving British men .
In India , legal action against missing British grooms is a complex and lengthy process .
Clampdown sought Inspector General Gurpreet Deo , from the Punjab police force , said : " If the person is residing abroad , one has to seek recourse through the extradition treaty .
" The expertise and knowledge of the police officers themselves in this area is so restricted , I do n't think any case would reach that level . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But politician Balwant Ramoowalia , of the Lok Bhalai party in Punjab , believes both India and Britain should clamp down .
He said : " If there is any misconduct , cheating or fraud , the husband should be sent back to India .
" There should be a provision that maintenance should be given to the girl till the case is final . "
The Home Office in the UK says it has not received a single extradition request in relation to abandoned Indian brides .
Meanwhile the Indian government has set up a department to provide assistance to the thousands of women who live in hope of being reunited with their husbands .
You can hear more on Asian Network Reports at 1230 and 1800 GMT on the BBC Asian Network on DAB digital radio or online via BBC iplayer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Recently , I have been trying to learn more about NumPy , SciPy , and PyLab .
So far , I love these libraries .
However , there does n’t seem to be a good way to create movies / animations .
The best way to create a movie using Python is to generate plots using PyLab or PyPlot and save them as pictures .
You can then use another program to stitch them together ( ie. mencoder or ffmpeg ) .
This process takes substantial amount of time and seems a little bit hacky at best .
Please leave comments if you know of a better way .
It took some time to figure out how to get everything configured on MacOS X .
My first problem was trying to get a copy of mencoder or ffmpeg .
We need one of these programs in order to stitch all the pictures together .
I found an interesting post which allowed me to easily install ffmpeg onto my mac .
You can download my code and a copy of ffmpeg here .
Once you downloaded the zip file , you will need to
Copy ffmpeg to /usr / local / bin Execute the following commands from your terminal : sudo chown root : wheel /usr / local / bin/ ffmpeg
sudo chmod 755 /usr / local / bin/ ffmpeg
Once you have installed ffmpeg , we can look at how to create a movie .
I created a function called CreateMovie which will easily create a movie
def CreateMovie ( plotter , numberOfFrames , fps= 10 ) : import os , sys import matplotlib .
pyplot as plt for i in range ( numberOfFrames ) : plotter ( i ) fname = ' _tmp%05d.png ' %i plt. savefig ( fname ) plt. clf ( ) os . system ( " rm movie.mp4 " ) os .
system ( " ffmpeg -r " + str ( fps ) + " - b 1800 - i _tmp%05d.png movie.mp4 " ) os . system ( " rm _tmp*.png " )
This function creates a movie called movie .mp4 in the current working directory which has a default frame rate of 10 frames per second .
Make sure that you do n’t have any files called movie.mp4 and _tmp*.png in the current working directory because they will be deleted .
The function takes the following parameters :
plotter :
This parameter is a function with the following form : def plotter ( frame_number ) :
This parameter is a function with the following form : where frame_number is the current frame that needs to be plotted using the matplotlib .
pyplot library .
numberOfFrames :
The total number of frames in the movie .
fps :
The frames per second .
The default is 10 .
In order to illustrate the use of this function , check out this code for a moving gaussian .
import CreateMovie as movie import matplotlib .
pyplot as plt import numpy as np x = np. linspace ( -. 5 , 4 , 500 ) # Plots a given frame def plotFunction ( frame ) : plt. plot ( x , np. exp ( - 10 * ( x - frame / 10.0 ) ** 2 ) ) plt. axis ( ( -. 5 , 4 , 0 , 1.1 ) ) movie .
CreateMovie ( plotFunction , 50 )
This code will generate the following movie .
Pararoll Trying to be funny since 2010 .
Pat Robertson thinks that Haiti is poverty stricken ( and earthquake - stricken ) because the country made a deal with Satan to help them overthrow the French .
Back in May , the Times Online provided some slightly better insight into Haiti 's past .
Beyond a vague assumption that Imperialism had probably screwed Haiti somehow , I did n't know much about the country 's history .
Reading this story has been nothing short of nauseating .
Summary : Haiti was forced to pay France for its freedom .
When they could n't afford the ransom , France ( and other countries , including the United States ) helpfully offered high - interest loans .
By 1900 , 80 % of Haiti 's annual budget went to paying off its " reparation " debt .
They did n't make the last payment until 1947 .
Just 10 years later , dictator François Duvalier took over the country and promptly bankrupted it , taking out more high - interest loans to pay for his corrupt lifestyle .
The Duvalier family , with the blind - eye financial assistance of Western countries , killed 10s of thousands of Haitians , until the Haitian people overthrew them in 1986 .
Today , Haiti is still paying off the debt of an oppressive dictator no one would help them get rid of for 30 years .
The rest of the world refuses to forgive this debt .
So , in a way , maybe Robertson is right .
Haiti is caught in a deal with the devil , and the devil is us .
Update : mgfarrelly points out another thing I did n't know — the U.S. Congress is currently considering a bill called The Jubilee Act for Responsible Lending and Expanded Debt Cancellation .
Part of what this bill would do is help countries like Haiti get their debt canceled , without making that cancellation conditional on things like closing down free schools or raising the cost of fresh water .
Maybe a good time to contact your representatives about about this bi-partisan measure .
< script src= " http://feeds.feedburner.com/ProjetRenGunon?format=sigpro " type =" text / javascript " ></script >< noscript><p>Subscribe to RSS headline updates from : < a href = " http://feeds.feedburner.com/ProjetRenGunon "></a><br/>Powered by FeedBurner </ p> </ noscript >
If your blog is hosted by Wordpress , use our feed adress with their special widget .
Ryan O’Brien meet everyone , Everyone meet Ryan O’Brien !
His name has meaning …. and it will be revealed on Monday .
Muah - ha - hahahaha .
–
Thanks to StumbleUpon we got a big spike in visits yesterday – resulting in visits from SOUTH DAKOTA !!!!
Yes , the 50 state visit collection is complete 😀
Thanks for stopping by and I hope those of you who are vistors enjoyed the comic and feel free to come again !
A villain is revealed soon … .
It 's official .
( 500 ) Days of Summer director Marc Webb just landed the Spider - Man gig .
He 's been a favorite of Sony for some time and most recently auditioned for the Moneyball gig that ultimately went to Bennett Miller .
It will be interesting to see what Webb , who comes from the world of music videos , does with the revamped Spider - Man .
And more importantly , who will he and Sony cast as the new Peter Parker ?
“ History has taught us that some of the biggest breakthroughs have come from speculative research and it is wrong to try and measure projects purely on their economic potential .
We believe the new system would strangle talent and destroy initiative .
Metaprogramming in Ruby
First Step on Ruby Metaprogramming
First Week
Let 's start learning Ruby Metaprogramming !
Please refer our accompanying study notes and examples .
Study 0
1st , review the built - in , read - only variable self .
Read the following articles :
self -
The current / default object
self - Quote from Programming Ruby 1.9
When does self change ?
- Quote from The Ruby Object Model
2nd , review singleton class .
Read the following article :
3rd , review the scope of variables .
Read the following article :
Study 1
To learn about the following methods read The Book of Ruby , Chapter 20 : Dynamic Programming .
eval
instance_eval
class_eval ( aka : module_eval )
class_variable_set
class_variable_get
class_variables
( Try it out : instance_variables )
instance_variable_set
( Try it out : instance_variable_get )
define_method
const_set
const_get ( Try it out : constants )
Class.new ( Try it out : Struct.new )
binding ( Try it out : lambda )
send ( Try it out : method )
remove_method
undef_method
method_missing
Study 2
Read _why 's hacking , Seeing Metaclasses Clearly to learn about the following singleton class ( metaclass )
class << self ; self ; end
Study 3
Read Marc - Andre Cournoyer 's blog , Extending your include knowledge of Ruby to learn about the following methods .
Also read Ruby - Doc Core API : Module #included and Module#extended
include
extend
included
extended
Before Exercises
Watch the following presentation , the Scotland on Rails conference 2009 , by Dave Thomas .
The Ruby Object Model
Exercises
Try to do the following exercises .
Let 's discuss all these exercises in the relevant thread in the First Week Forum .
Exercise 1 : Get the values from outside the class .
Exercise 2 : Add your code to display ' I like metaprogramming !'
Exercise 3 : Show lots of ways to define singleton method .
Exercise 4 : Glance into Ruby inside with binding method .
Exercise 5 : Define the class without class and def .
Watch the video
Watch the Dave Thomas 's presentation about Metaprogramming .
MetaProgramming - Extending Ruby for Fun and Profit
Understand these concepts :
Classes are open
Definitions are active
All method calls have a receiver
Classes are objects
Cheat Sheet
Cheat Sheet : a list of Ruby metaprogramming techniques
Second Week
Well , let 's practice how to write a tiny app with Ruby Metaprogramming techniques .
Note :
If you have an idea in your mind .
Feel free to please show us and try to do that .
Assignment 1
Define class Dog .
Step 1
There are three dogs named Lassie , Fido and Stimpy .
Look at dog_game.rb .
Expected output is the following :
" Lassie is dancing " " Lassie is a smelly doggy ! "
" Lassie finds this hilarious ! "
" Fido does n't understand dance " " Fido is a smelly doggy ! "
" Fido does n't understand laugh " " Stimpy is dancing " " Stimpy does n't understand poo " " Stimpy does n't understand laugh "
Create dog.rb stored the class Dog .
Hints :
class
Dog has three methods : initialize , can , method_missing
may be useful to define the static data like this : MSGS = { : dance => ' is dancing ' , : poo => ' is a smelly doggy ! ' , : laugh => ' finds this hilarious !'}
Step 2
Challenge : Improve a little bit .
Look at dog_game.rb .
Expected output is the following :
" Lassie is dancing " " Lassie is a smelly doggy ! "
" Lassie finds this hilarious ! " " Fido does n't understand dance " " Fido is smelly . "
" Fido does n't understand laugh " " Stimpy is dancing " " Stimpy does n't understand poo " " Stimpy does n't understand laugh " " Stimpy cried AHHHH "
Let 's improve dog.rb .
Hints :
use can method with block like this : stimpy .
can( :cry ) { " #{name} cried AHHHH " }
method like this : define the name method
Assignment 2
Try to write your own alias_method_chain ( ) .
Simple Example
Look at this simple example from Metaprogramming Ruby .
# simple1.rb class MyClass def greet puts " Hello ! " end end MyClass.new.greet # => Hello !
Now suppose you want to wrap logging behavior around the above greet ( ) .
You can do without editing original code !
Look at this :
# simple2.rb require ' simple1 ' class MyClass def greet_with_log puts " Calling method ... " puts " Hello ! " puts " ... Method called " end alias_method : greeting_with_log , : greet alias_method : greet , : greet_with_log end MyClass.new.greet # => Hello ! # Calling method ... # Hello ! # ... Method called
Generic Metaprogramming Method
Instead of duplicating these aliases all around , let 's provide alias_method_chain ( ) .
There is the original code rubyist.rb .
# rubyist.rb class Rubyist def initialize name @name = name @count = 0 end def say !
puts ' hello ' end end
I 'd like to add the count feature without editing the original file .
The usage is like this :
# test_snippet.rb require ' rubyist ' satish = Rubyist.new ( ' Satish ') 3.times{satish.say !} puts '-' * 20 require ' rubyist_with_count ' 3.times{satish.say!}
The expected output is this :
hello hello hello
--------------------
*** called alias_method_chain*** aliased_target is : say punctuation is : ! Satish ( 1 ) starts greeting ... hello Satish ( 1 ) finished greeting ... Satish ( 2 ) starts greeting ... hello Satish ( 2 ) finished greeting ... Satish ( 3 ) starts greeting ... hello Satish ( 3 ) finished greeting ...
Game
I wrote the following code .
Could you please complete it ? ;-)
aliasing.rb
# aliasing.rb module RubyLearning module Module def alias_method_chain( target , feature ) # write your code here : # # 1 . Strip out the final exclamation mark or question mark or equal mark # from the name of the method , to put it at the end of the new aliases .
# # 2 . If block given , it can pass the aliased method name and punctuation # to the block .
# # 3 . Alias the methods operation_with_feature ( ) and operation_without_feature ( ) .
# # 4 . Set the same visibility as original method - private or public or protected # end end end
rubyist_with_count.rb
# rubyist_with_count.rb require ' rubyist ' require ' aliasing ' class Rubyist extend RubyLearning :: Module def say_with_count !
# write your code here to show the expected output .
end # write your code here to show the expected output .
# like this : # # alias_method_chain args do |variables| # bla - bla - bla # end end
Okay , let 's discuss your code in the relevant thread in the Second Week Forum . :-D
For More Study
Ruby Metaprogramming Study Note
Try to hack the Sample Apps !
Spell Book
The excerpt from Metaprogramming Ruby .
Collection of Metaprogramming - related small snippets .
Useful as a quick reference .
For free !
Interesting Articles
Recommended Book
I 'd like to highly recommend this book . ;-)
2009.12.20 ashbb
P.S .
Thank you for reading this Ruby Metaprogramming learning guide .
If you are curious , join the Ruby Metaprogramming course on RubyLearning .
Details are here .
See you ! :-D
This page was last updated on 20th Dec. 2009 .
Anime Girls In Reality
Featured 11/17/2009
How those busty girls from anime would look like if they were flesh and bones .
PARIS : Two penniless brothers who live in a cave outside Budapest are to inherit most of a reported £ 4 billion ( $ 7 billion ) after an astonishing twist in their family fortunes .
Zsolt and Geza Peladi have no fixed address and eke out an existence by selling junk they find in the street .
But their scavenging days are about to be over .
The brothers have been informed they are entitled to their long - lost grandmother 's fortune , along with a sister who lives in America .
Zsolt and Geza Peladi ... suddenly found themselves very rich .
Charity workers in Hungary broke the news to them after being contacted by lawyers handling the estate of their maternal grandmother who died recently in Baden - Wurttemberg , Germany .
'' We knew our mother came from a wealthy family but she was a difficult person and severed ties with them , and then later abandoned us and we lost touch with her and our father until she eventually died , '' Geza Peladi , 43 , told ATV television .
So word came out that they have scrapped Spider - Man 4 in favor of a gritty " reboot " of the series , to do what Batman Begins and Casino Royale did for their franchises .
We asked you to show us what it 'll look like when they take all this grittiness too far .
The winner is below , but first the runners up .
Advertisement
26 Entry by Six7Six7
Making optical computing a possibility again ?
( Image : Jeffrey Coolidge / Getty )
IT ’S a laser , but not as we know it .
For a start , you need a microscope to see it .
Gleaming eerily green , it is a single spherical particle just a few tens of nanometres across .
Tiny it might be , but its creators have big plans for it .
With further advances , it could help to fulfil a long - held dream : to build a super - fast computer that computes with light .
Dubbed a “ spaser ” , this minuscule lasing object is the latest by - product of a buzzing field known as nanoplasmonics .
Just as microelectronics exploits the behaviour of electrons in metals and semiconductors on micrometre scales , so nanoplasmonics is concerned with the nanoscale comings and goings of entities known as plasmons that lurk on and below the surfaces of metals .
To envisage what as plasmon is , imagine a metal as a great sea of freely moving electrons .
When light of the right frequency strikes the surface of the metal , it can set up a wavelike oscillation in this electron sea , just as the wind whips up waves on the ocean .
These collective electron waves – plasmons – act to all intents and purposes as light waves trapped in the metal ’s surface .
Their wavelengths depend on the metal , but are generally measured in nanometres .
Their frequencies span the terahertz range – equivalent to the frequency range of light from the ultraviolet right through the visible to the infrared .
 Gleaming eerily green , this laser is a single spherical particle just tens of nanometres across 
In 2003 , their studies of plasmons led theorists Mark Stockman at Georgia State University in Atlanta and David …
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Much of the UK remains in the grip of freezing conditions as snow and ice continue to severely hamper travel .
Forecasters say the snow over southern England has eased but there will be isolated snow showers elsewhere .
Widespread ice will become the major problem , with temperatures staying well below zero across the UK .
Airports , roads and trains have all been hit by the severe weather .
Thousands of schools closed and many are likely to remain shut on Thursday .
BBC weather forecaster Dan Corbett said there would be some snow showers in south - east and north - east England on Wednesday night , and eastern parts of the UK and south - west England could see up to 15 cm ( 6 in ) of snow on Thursday .
He said it would be a " treacherous " start on Thursday , especially on untreated roads , as the snow begins to freeze .
There would be some snow showers on Friday , and the " deep freeze " would continue for the next few days , he added .
Forecasters predict it could drop to - 20C in parts of Scotland this weekend .
First Minister Alex Salmond said the weather in Scotland was now at its worst since 1963 .
He said 45,000 tonnes of salt and grit were available there , enough for only 10 days in a normal winter .
These supplies will be replenished but will be used for main roads , because more snow and sub - zero temperatures have been forecast .
Parts of Scotland and northern England had more snow on Wednesday but the worst - hit areas were central southern England and parts of the South West and south Wales .
In the last 24 hours there have been snowfalls of up to 30 cm ( 12in ) in the worst - affected counties , including Oxfordshire , Berkshire , Hampshire , Buckinghamshire and Surrey .
More than 8,000 schools closed their doors again on Wednesday , and some are planning to stay shut on Thursday .
Although many drivers appeared to heed the warnings about only making essential journeys , there were various problems on the roads throughout the day and into the evening .
Roads in the worst - affected areas are littered with abandoned and broken - down cars , and some people have been cut off due to impassable roads .
Many train operators are running revised timetables and commuters on train services out of London were being warned of serious disruption on Wednesday night .
Although London escaped the worst of the snow overnight , there were heavy snowfalls on Wednesday afternoon .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown visited a centre in south London which is co-ordinating the response to the severe weather .
He thanked the London Fire Brigade staff and said he admired their work .
The Association of Train Operating Companies said , by 1230 GMT , 61 % of trains had run on time , 34 % had arrived late and 5 % had been cancelled .
Air passengers are facing delays and cancellations after a number of airports closed .
Gatwick 's runway reopened about 1700 GMT , having closed on Tuesday night .
Some 438 flights were cancelled at the West Sussex airport .
Heathrow , Birmingham , Luton , Glasgow , Southampton and Cardiff were open on Wednesday evening but suffering delays and cancellations .
Plymouth City airport was closed .
Stansted Airport in Essex closed around 1000 GMT but reopened around midday .
Bournemouth , Jersey , Bristol , Exeter and Aberdeen airports also reopened after closing because of the weather .
In various parts of southern England , coastguard services using 4X4s are helping ambulances to get paramedics into hard - to - reach areas .
Among other developments :
• Several hospitals across the UK , including some in Oxfordshire , Wiltshire and Surrey have cancelled most of their outpatient appointments to focus on emergencies
• Up to 5,000 homes in Sussex , Kent and Surrey are without electricity .
EDF Energy said Brighton and Crawley in Sussex were the worst affected
• An eight - year - old boy was airlifted to Nottingham for a kidney transplant after he and his father got stuck in snow trying to reach the QMC Hospital
• National Rail Enquiries have set up a special number for information about trains affected by the weather , on 08453 017 641 .
• Sections of main roads including the A1 , A616 and the M1 in South Yorkshire were closed
• The worst traffic jam was recorded in the morning rush hour on the A1 in Northumberland , where a 50 - mile long queue built up
• All outpatient appointments and non-urgent operations at the hospitals covered by the Oxford Radcliffe Hospitals Trust will also be postponed on Thursday
• Scottish Power have restored power to 700 properties in the Borders , but said 20 - 30 remote farms remain without electricity .
And a cable fault has left another 20 - 30 customers in the Galashiels area without power .
• Gareth Wyn Rees , 50 , a part - time fireman at Harlech in Gwynedd , died after slipping and banging his head in the snow while making his way home with a colleague on Tuesday night , having attended drill night at the station .
Supplies of road grit and salt are running low , according to many councils , with only major roads being treated in several places .
Restrictions on lorry movements to and from the Winsford mine in Cheshire , the UK 's biggest rock salt mine , are being eased to help meet a huge demand for salt .
At 1400 GMT , Cheshire Police said there were about 100 lorries waiting to get into the salt works , causing tailbacks in nearby towns .
SNOW TRAVEL ADVICE
If your journey is not essential , wait until local conditions improve .
If you are driving , check the weather conditions before you set out .
Listen to travel bulletins on the radio .
Take spare warm clothes , food , water , boots , a torch and , if you have one , a spade with you .
Make sure there is enough braking and stopping distance between your car and the next .
Be careful even after road surfaces have been treated with salt .
Source : Highways Agency
The UK is in the grip of its longest cold snap for almost 30 years .
Snow depths taken around the UK include 48 cm ( 19in ) in Aviemore , 19 cm ( 7.5 in ) at Brize Norton in Oxfordshire , and 17 cm ( 7in ) in High Wycombe , Buckinghamshire .
The current lowest temperature recorded during this freeze is - 18C in Braemar , Aberdeenshire , on 29 December .
The lowest ever in the UK is - 27C .
The Met Office said between 35 cm ( 14in ) and 40 cm ( 16 in ) of snow had fallen in some parts of southern central England on Tuesday night .
Wednesday 's Carling Cup semi-final between Manchester City and Manchester United has been postponed , as has the Barclays Premier League match between Arsenal and Bolton at the Emirates Stadium in London .
Horse racing has been abandoned at Southwell and Hexham on Wednesday , and Huntingdon and Ludlow on Thursday .
Friday 's National Hunt meeting at Bangor has also been abandoned , as has Saturday 's fixture at Wincanton and Sunday 's race at Hereford .
FORECAST FROM BBC WEATHER
The enhanced content on this page requires Javascript and Flash Player 9 Map Key Land
Land Cloud
Cloud Lakes , Rivers & Sea Fog Light Heavy Frost Light Heavy Pressure Fronts
Cold Cold
Warm Warm
Occluded Occluded Rain Light Heavy Extreme Snow Light Heavy Temperature tab only Temperature ( °C )
Are you in the affected areas ?
Send us your experiences using the form below .
Send your pictures and videos to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to 61124 .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
25 Pages Posted : 7 Jan 2010
Date Written : December 1 , 2009
Abstract
It is argued that drug consumption , most commonly alcohol drinking , can be a technology to give up some control over one ’s actions and words .
It can be employed by trustworthy players to reveal their type .
Similarly alcohol can function as a “ social lubricant ” and faciliate type revelation in conversations .
It is shown that both separating and pooling equilibria can exist ; as opposed to the classic results in the literature , a pooling equilibrium is still informative .
Drugs which allow a gradual loss of control by appropriate doses and for which moderate consumption is not addictive are particularly suitable because the consumption can be easily observed and reciprocated and is unlikely to occur out of the social context .
There is a trade - off between the efficiency gains due to the signaling effect and the loss of productivity associated with intoxication .
Long run evolutionary equilibria of the type distribution are considered .
If coordination on an exclusive technology is efficient , social norms or laws can raise efficiency by legalizing only one drug .
Hello .
This blog is closed .
Have a nice day .
As we continue our collective foray into the brave new world of social networking , we keep learning the same lesson over and over again : do n't post photos of yourself doing stupid things .
This is doubly true if said stupid thing is illegal , as yet another intellectually challenged Facebook user has discovered .
17 - year - old Ashley Sullivan had been driving with her boyfriend in Tonawanda when she crashed into a brick pillar at 56 mph in a golf course .
Her boyfriend did not survive the accident , and in November of 2009 , Sullivan pleaded guilty to criminally negligent homicide and driving while intoxicated .
That did n't stop Sullivan from posting a photo a month later to her Facebook page with the caption of " Drunk in Florida . "
It just so happens that she had just gone to Florida on a trip , and the judge in her case took notice .
Judge Matthew J. Murphy III denied Sullivan youthful offender status , noting that she has n't " earned it , " and sentenced her to six months in jail with five years probation .
" I 'm troubled by your conduct since the crash , and that 's the reason for the jail sentence , " Judge Murphy III told her , according to The Buffalo News ( via SAI ) .
This is just one of ( what 's now becoming ) a pattern of stories about people making poor Facebook decisions , especially when it comes to posting pictures .
Employers do n't like to see you partying at the club , insurance companies do n't like to see you dancing at your birthday party when you 're missing work due to depression , and judges most certainly do n't like to see you posting pics of you drinking after you killed someone in a drunk driving accident .
That is exactly what Damon Winter told me .
He is the Times photographer who took the pictures that elicited most of the protests to me and much praise on the paper ’s Web site .
Winter , who won a Pulitzer Prize last year for his coverage of the Obama presidential campaign , was the first Times staff photographer on the scene , flying from New York to the Dominican Republic and then into Haiti aboard a chartered helicopter .
He had never been to Haiti or covered a natural disaster .
“ I have had so many people beg me to come to their home and photograph the bodies of their children , brothers , sisters , mothers , fathers , ” he said .
“ There are so many times that I have to apologize and say that I cannot , that I have photographed so many bodies already , and I think it breaks their hearts because they so desperately want people to know what has happened to them , what tremendous pain they are in , and that they desperately need help . ”
Winter said it was important “ that I do whatever I can to try and make our readers understand just how dire the situation is here . ”
Jessie De Witt , an international photo editor , said Winter sent the paper 26 pictures on his first day in Haiti , including the picture of the bodies along the curb that wound up on the front page .
He sent 65 the next day , including the mourning father and the dead man on the stretcher .
De Witt and her colleagues think carefully about photo selections .
A picture of a dog eyeing a corpse is out , as are stacks of bodies without context .
And they think about juxtaposition : an Armageddon - like scene of people scrambling for supplies from a ruined store was played against a quieter picture of people waiting patiently for medical treatment .
Michele McNally , the assistant managing editor in charge of photography , said she was going through all the photos from all sources , and Winter ’s photos of the single dead man and the grieving father “ stopped me in my tracks . ”
Bill Keller , the executive editor , said editors considered both for the front page , but chose the lone body , played big , because it was dramatic and there was “ an intimacy that causes people to pause and dwell on the depth of the tragedy . ”
Looking at one person , instead of many , “ humanizes it , ” he said .
I asked McNally about Robbins ’s contention that such pictures would not appear in the paper if the victims were somewhere in the United States .
If such pictures existed , she said , she would run them .
When Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans ,
The Times did publish a front - page picture of a body floating near a bridge where a woman was feeding her dog .
But despite Katrina ’s toll , there were relatively few such images in the paper .
Irby said that authorities in the United States are generally quick to cordon off disaster scenes .
Just as a picture of a grieving mother told the story of the tsunami in 2004 , the disturbing images of the last two weeks have been telling the story of Haiti , and The Times is right to publish them .
As Patricia Lay - Dorsey , a reader from Detroit , put it , Winter ’s “ camera was my eye as much as it was his .
And every one of his photos told the truth . ”
NEW YORK ( AdAge.com ) -- PepsiCo is taking a gamble , sidelining its entire beverage portfolio during the Super Bowl and ceding ground to rival Coca - Cola , in the midst of a tough environment for beverages .
Following a report in Ad Age that the marketer was considering pulling back from the Super Bowl this year , Pepsi confirmed to The Wall Street Journal that it would focus on its coming " Pepsi Refresh Project , " a marketing effort that aligns Pepsi with social responsibility and has a heavy emphasis on digital media .
The beverage maker will bypass the big game for the first time in 23 years ( though its Frito - Lay sibling , Doritos , will advertise during the event ) .
That 's a marked turnabout from last year , when PepsiCo went so far as to block rival Coca - Cola and other non-alcoholic beverage marketers from the first half of the game .
" The fact that Pepsi is not going to be on the Super Bowl and Coke is could open up an opportunity for [ Coke ] , " said Bill Pecoriello , CEO of Consumer Edge Research .
" Pepsi is taking risks with the strategy , and it 's going to remain to be seen how 2010 plays out .
Is their [ Pepsi Refresh Project ] going to be a winning strategy ?
Time is going to tell . "
Pepsi said the cost of advertising in the Super Bowl was not at the heart of its decision to keep its famous beverages from the game .
( this year 's broadcaster , CBS , has been seeking between $ 2.5 million and $ 3 million for a 30 - second spot . )
Instead , the new marketing strategy required different tactics .
" The Super Bowl broadcast can be an amazing stage for advertisers if it aligns with their brand strategy ; however , brands should not blindly anchor themselves to history , " said Frank Cooper , senior VP - chief consumer engagement officer at PepsiCo Americas Beverages , in a statement .
" In 2010 , each of our beverage brands has a strategy and marketing platform that will be less about a singular event , less about a moment , more about a movement . ‪"
A spokeswoman noted that despite the absence of any TV commercials for its beverage brands , Pepsi would have a presence at Super Bowl events in Miami , where the game is being played on Feb .
7 . Pepsi will also be work with the National Football League to create special content around players and teams .
Pepsi expects marketing spending on its " trademark Pepsi " brands -- Pepsi , Diet Pepsi and Pepsi Max -- to increase in 2010 compared with 2009 .
This year 's marketing investment includes $ 20 million in grants for the Pepsi Refresh Project .
Despite the digital elements of the campaign , Omnicom Group 's TBWA / Chiat / Day , remains the primary agency for the brand and Pepsi 's relationship with the agency has " not changed , " said the spokeswoman .
At least one beverage could surface during the event .
Gatorade , which some industry watchers had speculated could benefit from Super Bowl exposure , given plans for an overhaul that includes new products , marketing and advertising in 2010 , will rely on its sidelines presence to generate buzz .
Massimo d'Amore , CEO of PepsiCo's Americas Beverages group , told attendees at this week 's Beverage Digest Future Smarts conference that consumers would get a first look at the new products on the sidelines at the Super Bowl .
A Gatorade spokesman downplayed the brand 's absence from the big game , saying the Super Bowl , " was not part of our strategy for this year . "
Gatorade has been in the Super Bowl three times in its history , including last year .
The abrupt change in direction for the company 's Super Bowl presence comes as PepsiCo Americas Beverages has floundered despite extensive , and expensive , marketing efforts in the last year .
A year ago , Pepsi launched " Refresh Everything " with a push in Times Square on New Year 's Eve , along with the new tagline , " Every generation refreshes the world , " in the weeks before the Super Bowl .
That optimistic messaging went head to head with Coca - Cola 's " Open Happiness " campaign during last year 's Super Bowl .
Gatorade , meanwhile , unveiled the " What is G ? " campaign , and Tropicana had " Squeeze it 's a natural . "
Yet , the beverages unit has posted volume declines throughout this year .
Volume has declined 6 % in each of the first three quarters of the year , while net revenues dropped 12 % in the first quarter and 9 % in the second and third quarters .
Carbonated soft drinks as a whole have struggled , making it an interesting time for Pepsi to back away from the largest marketing event of the year .
Carbonated - soft - drink volume has fallen 2 % year to date and between 2010 and 2013 volume is projected to drop 1.5 % , according to Consumer Edge Research .
The overall ready - to - drink beverage category is expected to grow 0.6 % .
" The [ carbonated - soft - drink ] category has been in a decline for some years .
And the biggest drop in consumption is among teens , so the question becomes , how do Coke 's and Pepsi 's marketing efforts and not just during the Super Bowl ... help stabilize penetration and per capita consumption with teens ? " said Mr. Pecoriello .
" How does the fact that Pepsi is n't going to be on Super Bowl , how does that play out ?
The bigger issue is this year Pepsi is taking one path and Coke has its own path . "
John Sicher , editor and publisher of Beverage Digest , said that while the Super Bowl certainly generates excitement among the bottler community , bottlers are supportive of Pepsi Refresh Project .
" The Super Bowl is a terrific ad vehicle for a lot of brands , a lot of the time .
But given the shift with the Refresh Project , they 're taking a dramatically fresh look at how they advertise and market Pepsi in the next year . "
Kiwis have one the highest rates of pot smoking in the world , and soon they will have ‘‘ cannabis clubs ’ ’ where they can indulge in their pastime .
Pot dens , where people can smoke , buy or even formally study the illegal drug , are poised to open throughout the country this year .
The first so - called ‘‘ cannabis connoisseurs club ’’ opened in Auckland more than a year ago .
And given that police have turned a blind eye to the operation , the owner has now announced plans to open a club in every big city .
‘‘ We have demand from virtually every city in the country , ’’ Dakta Green , who founded the Daktory , told New Zealand ’s Sunday News .
‘‘ I would expect to see in the next 12 months Daktories in every major city in this country , every city should have at least one - 2010 is the year people within our culture are demanding changes throughout the world . ’’
ISRAELI police said they have arrested a sect leader suspected of enslaving and sexually abusing 17 women and the 40 children he had with them .
Goel Ratzon , 59 , is accused of keeping at least 57 women and children in cramped apartments in several locations in the Tel Aviv area of Israel , police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said .
In one case , police raided a three - bedroom apartment where 10 women and 17 children were found in a " terrible state " , living in " horrible conditions " , he said .
Mr Ratzon has been known for several years to head a sect of women who were said to adulate him , have sex with him and raise his children .
Police suspect that Mr Ratzon also raped and impregnated his own daughters .
The grey - bearded , long - haired man , who was arrested on Monday following a lengthy undercover investigation , held the women under his strict control , enforcing a draconian book of rules that specified behaviour and punishments .
Police said Mr Ratzon had instructed the women and children to commit suicide " if anything happened to him " .
Speaking to reporters in court , Mr Ratzon 's lawyer Shlomtzion Gabai denied all charges and insisted the women were not held against their will .
Originally published as Cult leader nabbed in sex slave arrest
The deal was first proposed in November last year
Panasonic has completed its purchase of a 50.2 % majority stake in Japanese electronics rival Sanyo .
The conclusion of the 403.8bn yen ( $ 4.6bn ; £ 2.8 bn ) deal comes 13 months since Panasonic first announced its interest in the deal .
Analysts said Panasonic was most interested in Sanyo's manufacture of hybrid car batteries , a field in which both firms are strong .
Shares in Sanyo closed up 11 % before Thursday 's announcement .
Significant profit
While Panasonic runs a joint venture with Toyota to produce hybrid car batteries for Toyota 's Prius model , Sanyo makes similar batteries for Honda , Ford and Peugeot Citroen .
Sanyo is also a leading producer of solar panels .
Panasonic is paying 131 yen for each common Sanyo share it has bought , handing a significant profit to Sanyo's three main shareholders - US investment bank Goldman Sachs , and Japanese firms Daiwa Securities and Sumitomo Mitsui .
They bought their collective 70 % stake in Sanyo in 2006 , at a price of 70 yen per share .
Financial loss
Despite Sanyo's success in the manufacture of car batteries , it has faced problems in recent years in its consumer products division .
As a result it has cut thousands of jobs , and sold off unprofitable operations .
Recently Sanyo - which is more reliant upon exports than Panasonic - has been hit by the strength of the yen and rising material costs .
It was also forced to change its top management after an accounting scandal over falsifying past earnings .
Sanyo's most recent financial results showed that it made a net loss of 30.6 bn yen in the half - year to the end of September , compared with a 8.7bn yen profit a year earlier .
Stofan and colleagues are currently putting together a proposal to submit to NASA for funding , under the Discovery - class missions category , which covers relatively inexpensive projects .
She says the boat would be shaped like a capsule , powered by a small nuclear engine , and though there would be no sail , it would have a mast to hold a camera .
( Just imagine the potential cool photos ! )
Of all the lakes on Titan 's surface , the target one would either be Ligeia Mare or Kraken Mare , both of which are comparable in size to the Great Lakes .
Here 's a sad reminder that USB cables belong plugged into peripherals , not children .
Toddler Trinity Anderson was playing with a USB cable plugged into a laptop and put it in her mouth , which shocked her and knocked her out .
Trinity remains at Children 's Hospital with third - degree burns on her tongue , palate and lips .
She is on sedatives and paralyzing drugs to prevent her from moving and disturbing her breathing tube , Jeffrey Anderson said .
She needs the tube because her tongue is so swollen it blocks her airway .
Anderson said he feels helpless as he watches his granddaughter in her hospital bed .
" I want to make it better and there 's nothing I can do , " he said .
Anderson said doctors plan to allow Trinity to regain consciousness in the next day or two to assess how much neurological damage occurred .
The little girl was n't breathing for several minutes , and her heart nearly stopped beating .
Anderson said doctors expect Trinity to recover from her burns , though she may have lasting cosmetic damage .
Right now , the family 's main concern is that the happy , laughing little girl does not suffer serious brain damage , and they hope she is young enough that she can recover any lost capabilities .
Home | More Videos | About Us | Contact | Subscribe | Donate
Simple brainwashing Program length - 4:10 Subscribe to Brasscheck TV
Your e-mail address is kept absolutely private
We make it easy to unsubscribe at any time
What are you going to believe ?
What someone tells you or your own eyes ?
Advertisement
Have you ever wondered why otherwise intelligent people can't see what 's right in front of their own faces ?
Fascists and other liars know that if they can just make enough noise , they can start a stampede of public opinion which will become very hard for the average person to question .
Over the next year or two , you will likely find yourself paying a LOT more at the gas pump .
Big changes are taking place in the oil industry .
With increased global demand and declining supply , easy oil is not so easy anymore .
Everything is about to get more expensive .
From gasoline to anti-freeze , life jackets to golf balls , and eye glasses to fertilizer .
There are very few things in the modern world that are n't made from oil , made by machines dependant on oil , or shipped by vehicles powered by oil .
The implications , at first glance , appear to be the opposite of good news .
In fact , it 's enough to strike panic in the hearts and wallets of the average consumer .
And that 's exactly why the International Energy Agency just released its annual World Energy Outlook , clearly rejecting the possibility that crude output is now in terminal decline .
Their attitude seems to be , what you do n't know wo n't hurt you .
For now that is .
The truth however , is beginning to surface , and from an investor 's perspective , the truth can mean money in the bank .
Right now , the IEA 's claim that oil production will be ramped up from its current level of 85 million barrels per day to 105 million barrel per day by 2030 is receiving harsh criticism .
The Guardian reports , " The world is much closer to running out of oil than official estimates admit . "
This comes from a whistleblower inside the International Energy Agency who states the fear of triggering panic buying has caused them to intentionally underplay the inevitable shortage .
Kjell Aleklett , professor of physics at the Uppsala University in Sweden , and co-author of a new report ' The Peak of the Oil Age ' , states " oil production is more likely to be 75 m barrels a day by 2030 than the ' unrealistic ' 105 m used by the IEA . "
According to Professor Aleklett 's research , they are making a dangerous and unjustified assumption – one that is dependent upon the oil industry 's ability to ramp up production to levels never before achieved .
Are you beginning to see the opportunity here ?
Whistleblowers and scientists are not the only ones disputing the IEA 's report .
The folks who pump oil are n't buying its rosy scenario either .
• Total SA , the French oil giant , which is making its move into the Alberta oil sands , does n't accept the IEA 's optimistic claims .
The company runs on the belief that oil production wo n't surpass 95 million barrels .
• Former chief executive officer of Canada 's Talisman Energy , Jim Buckee , agrees the IEA prediction is nonsense .
• Sadad al Husseini , energy consultant and the former exploration and production chief of the world 's largest oil company , Saudi Aramco , recently said , " Oil supplies have reached a capacity plateau and will not meet a growth in demand over the next decade . "
The Globe and Mail recently joined the debate stating , " New oil fields , generally smaller , are less productive than old ones - note the virtual freefall in production rates from the North Sea fields , which reached peak output in 2000 .
Another reason for the decline is development pace , or lack thereof .
The yet - to - be - developed reserves in the WEO report cover 1,874 fields of various sizes that would have to come into production in the next 20 years . "
That works out to almost eight new fields being brought to production each month .
A realistic target ?
Only time will tell .
Even if the oil exists , the next question becomes one of money , and where it will come from in order to keep this pace of development on target .
When you add in professor Aleklett 's conclusion that production will shrink to 75 million barrels per day by 2030 — almost one - third less than the IEA 's figure and 10 million barrels less than current production , it 's easy to see why investors need to take notice .
Shrinking supply and ever - growing global demand are creating the perfect storm for oil prices .
The current price of crude could be the bargain of the century .
Understand this and every increase at the pump will give you reason to smile .
Article By Marin Katusa
READER COMMENTS ON
" EXCLUSIVE PREVIEW : Tragic Story of Mike Connell , Bush / Rove / GOP IT Guru , Breaks in Maxim "
( 37 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 1/18/2010 @ 8:02 am PT ...
Now only if I could convince my wife that I 'm buying Maxim for the articles ...
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Nicholas Chardonett said on 1/18/2010 @ 9:12 am PT ...
1 ) Even without the Ohio votes , Bush won the popular vote in the election with over 3.5 million more votes than Kerry .
Therefore , according to the logic of the left ( who used this argument during the Bush vs. Gore debacle ) Bush was president .
Whoever gets the most votes wins , electoral college notwithstanding !
Or is that only true when the popular vote winner is a Democrat ?
2 ) No one was waiting with baited breath on election night for results from Ohio .
It was clear from early evening after the polls closed that Bush won the state handily .
The only people " waiting " were the Kerry camp , who did n't want to concede .
When they saw there was no way they could win Ohio ( 100,000 votes is n't 487 ) , they finally conceded .
Less votes seperate Kerry 's victory in Pennsylvania than Bush 's in Ohio .
But lets not go there !
3 ) Funny how no one contested the small margins that Obama won certain states with .
Gee , now that a Democrat wins , there can't be any voter manipulation ( Acorn notwithstanding ) .
The will of the people prevails !
Until Obama loses in 2012 , and then suddenly Karl Rove , Diebold and the evil Republicans will be back in business again .
After all , ca n't let a Republican win an election without calling it a fraud .
That would demonstrate too much good will and lack of being a sore loser , and that just is n't characteristic of the modern Democrat party .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... TomR said on 1/18/2010 @ 9:20 am PT ...
Worrall reports that a " deep throat " document anonymously sent to Connell 's family and a number of FBI agents last year , purporting to be an " after action report " by a black ops agent tasked with sabotaging Connell 's plane ...
Brad , have you and / or Worrall personally seen this report ?
- Tom
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/18/2010 @ 9:51 am PT ...
TomR @ 3 asked : Brad , have you and / or Worrall personally seen this report ?
Yes .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Shortbus said on 1/18/2010 @ 10:07 am PT ...
@ Nicholas Chardonett
The exit polls showed John Kerry winning with 50.8 % of the votes and showed George W Bush with 48.2 % so how could anybody " in the early evening " think Bush won Nicholas ?
A review of the available data reveals that in Ohio alone , at least 357,000 voters , the overwhelming majority of them Democratic , were prevented from casting ballots or did not have their votes counted in 200412 — more than enough to shift the results of an election decided by 118,601 votes .
In what may be the single most astounding fact from the election , one in every four Ohio citizens who registered to vote in 2004 showed up at the polls only to discover that they were not listed on the rolls , thanks to GOP efforts to stem the unprecedented flood of Democrats eager to cast ballots 14 .
And that does n't even take into account the troubling evidence of outright fraud , which indicates that upwards of 80,000 votes for Kerry were counted instead for Bush .
That alone is a swing of more than 160,000 votes — enough to have put John Kerry in the White House15 .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/18/2010 @ 10:08 am PT ...
Nicholas Chardonnett @ 2 foolishly wrote : 1 ) Even without the Ohio votes , Bush won the popular vote in the election with over 3.5 million more votes than Kerry .
Therefore , according to the logic of the left ( who used this argument during the Bush vs. Gore debacle ) Bush was president .
Whoever gets the most votes wins , electoral college notwithstanding !
Or is that only true when the popular vote winner is a Democrat ?
I can't speak for either " the left " or for Democrats , and I do n't recall any serious person suggesting that Gore " won " because he received the most votes nationally .
I do , however , recall that the votes in FL were never allowed to be counted before the race was given to Bush by the Supreme Court ( who stopped the legally mandated full state hand count ) and that the news and academic consortium that did count the ballots afterwards found that Gore received more votes in the state of Florida than Bush , no matter what counting standard ( hanging chads , dimpled , etc. ) one used .
The results of that study , since you seem unaware of it , are posted at the conservative AEI website right here :
https://web.archive.org/...0040526_KeatingPaper.pdf
2 ) No one was waiting with baited breath on election night for results from Ohio .
It was clear from early evening after the polls closed that Bush won the state handily .
Clear to you , perhaps , but not to the media , which waited until the late hours to call the race , and to the public that actually bothered to pay attention to the exit polls released throughout the day showing that Kerry would win in not just Ohio , but about another 7 swing states which , somehow or another , ended up going to Bush .
Of course , had we bothered to count the votes in Ohio ( as we did n't either there or in FL back in 2000 ) , we might know who was actually the winner .
Why do you hate democracy and self - governance , Nicholas ?
The only people " waiting " were the Kerry camp , who did n't want to concede .
When they saw there was no way they could win Ohio ( 100,000 votes is n't 487 ) , they finally conceded .
The day after the election , the Kerry camp foolishly ( and insultingly , to all of those whose votes were never counted ) conceded , despite the fact that had just 6 votes been counted for Kerry instead of Bush in each OH precinct , Kerry would have been the President .
Less votes seperate Kerry 's victory in Pennsylvania than Bush 's in Ohio .
But lets not go there !
Sure .
Let 's go there !
Let 's go anywhere when we 're talking about democracy and the Constitution .
Think a manual , public , transparent count of all votes should have happened in PA ?
Sounds good to me !
3 ) Funny how no one contested the small margins that Obama won certain states with .
Gee , now that a Democrat wins , there can't be any voter manipulation ( Acorn notwithstanding ) .
I am unaware of a single instance of voting fraud that has anything to do with ACORN .
I 'm sure you can enlighten me , however , with actual evidence to back up your silly assertion otherwise .
That said , " voter manipulation " is not the major concern .
Election manipulation , however , from those who have the easiest access to do so ( usually election insiders such as officials , and private company employees who access voting machines and tabulators ) is a very serious concern .
And where such concerns exist , those of us who fight for election integrity to so by any means possible , eg. the recent NY - 23 Special Election for U.S. House where the Conservative Party candidate Doug Hoffman ( and the voters in NY - 23 ) seems to have been thoroughly screwed by the state 's new , untested , uncertified and failed voting machines , as I discussed in a detailed report or two at the rightwing news outlet Gouverneur Times in Upstate New York .
Moreover , apparently you 're unfamiliar with our series of coverage detailing Obama 's failure to challenge the 2008 NH Primary when Hillary Clinton " won " her upset victory , despite the same failed and faulty Diebold voting machines --- and the company with the criminal background who runs them --- used in much of the state , as will be used in tomorrow 's MA Special U.S. Senate Election .
( But please do n't come crying to me if the Republican loses tomorrow , and there is no way to verify whether he really lost , or if there was manipulation of the machines , because clearly you do n't care about such things . )
The will of the people prevails !
Until Obama loses in 2012 , and then suddenly Karl Rove , Diebold and the evil Republicans will be back in business again .
They already all , Nicholas .
Sorry you do n't care enough about freedom and the Constitution to notice .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 1/18/2010 @ 10:19 am PT ...
Wow Nicholas delusional much ?
I think the only things Brad left out were that in fact Kerry won by over 8 Million votes if they were counted correctly and that Kerry was ahead of Bush in Florida until " magically " at around 2 am in the morning Bush went from 2.5 % BEHIND to 2.5 % AHEAD which to anyone with the IQ of a fence post knows perfectly well is 100 % impossible .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 1/18/2010 @ 10:23 am PT ...
Oh and one more thing .
I think it is quite obvious that Connell was murdered .
Same people that murdered Dr. Bruce Ivins to cover up the Anthrax attacks .
Just 2 more out of 100s of reasons to put the entire Bush administration on trial for murder , Treason , war crimes , crimes against humanity , etc .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... CharlieL said on 1/18/2010 @ 10:31 am PT ...
@ #1 : Yeah , now we can all buy soft - core newstand porn " for the articles . "
As I recall , it was Larry Flint that broke some very major stories in Hustler in the 1980's .
Is there any evidence or conjecture that Connell was planning on coming clean and turning on his corporate paymasters ?
Or were they just getting overly paranoid that he might ?
Or was it simply a Cheney - esque matter of " cleaning up loose ends ? "
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 1/18/2010 @ 11:02 am PT ...
CharlieL asked :
Is there any evidence or conjecture that Connell was planning on coming clean and turning on his corporate paymasters ?
We 've reported a bit on that here , if you peruse some of the articles linked above from just before his death , and then following that .
That said , I 'll let you go pick up Maxim to read what Worrall reports on that point .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/18/2010 @ 11:07 am PT ...
Actually , Nicholas Chardonnett # 2 , given the ability for a wholesale ( and largely undetectable ) flipping of e-votes in what , for most of the nation , amounted to the " virtual " 2004 election , it really is n't possible to determine whether Bush actually received a majority or even a plurality of votes cast .
We do know , from the statistical analysis provided by Stephen Freeman , PhD & Joel Bleifuss in Was the 2004 Election Stolen ?
that there were significant statistical anomalies between the normally reliable , Warren Mitofski exit- polls and the official count in a large number of states .
Indeed , the statistics tell a rather remarkable story .
While these stark disparities were not present in thousands of accurate Mitofsky - led exit - polls conducted over the preceding four decades , Freeman / Bleifuss do acknowledge that , counting 2004 , there were six occasions where significant discrepancies arose in U.S. presidential elections , the previous five being the general elections of 1988 and 1992 , along with the Florida 2000 vote , and in three Republican primaries .
“ In each of these six incidents … , the official count benefited the mainstream Republican candidate …
And , remarkably , in five out of the six elections ; the candidate whose official numbers far exceeded exit - poll results was named George Bush . "
During the 2004 election , in “ ten of the eleven battleground states there was a shift --- that is , the official count differed from the exit - poll results — and in all ten the shift favored Bush . ”
The statistical odds of this occurring are one in 1,024 .
The discrepancies were especially acute in the key battleground states of Ohio , Pennsylvania and Florida where the shifts in favor of Bush were 4.9 % , 6.7 % and 6.5 % .
“ Assuming that these state exit - polls had no systematic bias , the likelihood of three such statistical anomalies --- dramatic differences between the official count and the exit - poll projections in Ohio , Florida and Pennsylvania --- occurring together and all favoring the incumbent , Bush , is about one in 660,000 ” --- statistics which render it “ impossible that the discrepancies ” in these three states “ could have been due to chance or random error , ” according to Freeman / Bleifuss .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/18/2010 @ 11:18 am PT ...
As Brad notes in the body of this excellent piece , past history suggests that even with a Maxim article , there is , given past history , scant chance for widespread MSM coverage .
I would encourage all who do read this piece and regard its content as vital to prop it at Digg and Reddit and elsewhere .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... renzoku bb.com said on 1/18/2010 @ 11:41 am PT ...
thank you Brad , Nunyabiz and all .
Even Nicholas for the goofy questions with such good answers .
Brad ,
How much of this is actionable and / or likely to be acted on in a meaningful change bringing ( as in non -obama - like - change ) way ?
Is anyone sueing ntsb for release of results and evidence ?
foia ?
is anyone sueing the liberal plutocrat owned ( sarcasm ) phone companies for his texts , phone records and emails off that blackberry ?
please understand , I ai n't advocating giving up .
I 'm trying to see a move or two ahead since Karl the Turdblossom so obviously plays us so many moves ahead .
and cheats .
and has so much time and unlimited funds on his side .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 1/18/2010 @ 12:57 pm PT ...
If there were ever a day to say ... hey folks , its not about right or left , but right and wrong .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 1/18/2010 @ 1:16 pm PT ...
A bit off topic , but on this holiday where we honor the life of Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. , 1929 - 1968 , I felt it appropriate to direct readers to the lengthy excerpt ( video ) of his " Beyond Vietnam " speech , courtesy of Democracy Now : A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual death .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... LOSER said on 1/18/2010 @ 3:16 pm PT ...
OH WOW I'M SO GLAD I READ THIS STORY !
AND THE SUPER - SECRET DOCUMENTS TO BACK IT UP EXIST , BECAUSE I HAVE SOME TOO !
YES !
THEY SHOW THIS GUY WAS MURDERED !
ALL THE EXPERTS AGREE !
CONTACT ME QUICKLY AND WE CAN PROVE ROVE KILLED THIS GUY !
HE ALSO DID 9/11 AND INVENTED AIDS IN SECRET CIA LABORATORIES !
THE TRUTH CAN NOW BE TOLD !!!!
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/18/2010 @ 3:58 pm PT ...
LOL LOSER !!!!!
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... truthisall said on 1/18/2010 @ 4:14 pm PT ...
Brad ,
It ;s amazing how some are either ignorant of the facts , in deep denial , or something worse ..
Kerry won by 10 million votes .
Here is the proof : http://richardcharnin.com/
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... truthisall said on 1/18/2010 @ 4:24 pm PT ...
Voter Turnout Analysis Proves Beyond a Reasonable Doubt that the 2004 Election was Stolen http://progressiveindepe...d=4277&mesg_id=4277
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... truthisall said on 1/18/2010 @ 4:36 pm PT ...
Brad
This is the link for the previous post which displays the calculations for all plausible scenarios of a ) 2000 Voter turnout in 2004 and b ) exit poll vote shares ...
Kerry wins them ALL .
http://richardcharnin.com/2004TurnoutProof.htm
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... MarkH said on 1/18/2010 @ 4:58 pm PT ...
I do n't get it .
LOSER forgot to say it would only cost $ 39.95 + shipping & handling .
What a LOSER !
HEH .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 1/18/2010 @ 4:59 pm PT ...
There 's some great quote about nothing so scary as ignorance in action .
When these voices come up here I feel like I 'm being mocked and reprimanded by people who would have me believe the earth is the center of solar system , it 's flat , night air is bad for you , leeches are good for a cold , CFCs are great for the ozone layer , and on and on and on into the deep deep darkness of stupid .
( If you want to know how mad I get , picture Yosemite Sam . )
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... renzoku bb.com said on 1/18/2010 @ 8:31 pm PT ...
Well named loser .
What is funny is that you probably believe the crap dumped on you by the truckload by the corporate oligarchs simply because they all agree with each other and ignore all other opinions .
Why not ?
Heck they even agree with each other that their opinion is the only real possible opinion and all others are fringe , scarey and silly .
Are you next gonna tell us Nixon and LBJ sincerely thought they were doing the right thing in Southeast Asia ?
Or that Kennedy was shot in the head from behind by a lone gunman with an outdated pile of crap bolt action ?
Might wanna get back to your search for those wmd's in Iraq .
How is that whole Orwellian lifestyle thing doing for ya ?
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Investigator A said on 1/18/2010 @ 8:37 pm PT ...
FAA - Tracking the flight it was at ice alt the entire path from MD to Cleveland .
The conditions change over the lake and apporach over little mountain Ohio his flight path .
Interview with first responders on scene indicated a large fule dispersion on fire consistant with a high speed crash not an internal elxplsion .
The probability of iceing conditions and not evident till approach from buildup was very high .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/18/2010 @ 9:33 pm PT ...
I sure hope Investigator B wrote up the report ....
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Dan-in - Pa said on 1/18/2010 @ 10:03 pm PT ...
I would like investigator " A " to cite a document .
Because the FAA has yet to release one .
I have yet to see a single document that backs that assertion up .
Lie to me again mother fucker .
Your time is coming to an end .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/19/2010 @ 1:45 am PT ...
Lemme see , Instigator A does n't have a cloo , he 's just spouting BS for the Feeb cover up yet to cum .
" ... all the way to the top " indeed .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 1/19/2010 @ 1:50 am PT ...
So maybe I should drop my little deal about Instigator B being literate ....
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/19/2010 @ 4:28 am PT ...
What I do n't get is how you can get fuel to rhyme with mule or yule , unless yer a ferigner or Neil Horsley .
Too close to Christmas I guess ?
Expert :
An ex is a " has been " and a spurt is a drip under pressure ...
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 1/19/2010 @ 4:53 am PT ...
A picture is worth a few words in Connells case http://www.defenseindust...00_Radar_on_Truck_lg.jpg
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... yikes said on 1/19/2010 @ 6:02 am PT ...
Too bad it was not published in a magazine of consequence !
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Scoppertop said on 1/19/2010 @ 5:48 pm PT ...
.... but it IS !!!
What is bradblog , chopped liver ?
Thanks ,
Brad , you deserve honors for this story and all the others !
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Edward Rynearson said on 1/20/2010 @ 10:05 pm PT ...
Death by small plane crash December 22 , 2008 Peter B Collins talks with Brad Friedman , Larisa Alexandrovna and attorney Clifford Arnebeck about the mysterious death by plane crash of Karl Rove ’s IT Guru Mike Connell who was set to testify that he participated in manipulating the Ohio 2004 presidential election to insure that George W Bush would remain president of the United States .
( non-commercial wordpress radio blog )
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Larisa Alexandrovna said on 1/22/2010 @ 5:06 am PT ...
Brad , Raw Story reported on the lockdown
http://rawstory.com/news...spected_in_GOP_0113.html
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... aj said on 1/23/2010 @ 3:49 pm PT ...
Unless I misread the report , and I admit I merely skimmed it , but the NTSB 's investigation ruled icing , which does not seem to jive with atmospheric conditions at the time , nor Serchaks [sp ? ] comments shortly after the crash Further what is interesting , is the fact that I am on their email list for NTSB'S releases , and I never saw one for the Connell crash .
Did anyone report on their what seems to be the official reporT , or have any other comments / observations / information ??
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Vic Anderson said on 1/28/2010 @ 7:59 am PT ...
Thank You .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... aj said on 1/28/2010 @ 11:26 pm PT ...
• Similarly , the majority 's sweeping conclusion that a corporation and an individual are the same for purposes of assessing limits on political spending in an election context is also a value choice .
Since 1907 , when Congress limited corporate contributions to candidates , there has been plenty of law viewing the corporation , not as a " person " in the same sense as an individual , but as a creation of the state with " personhood " as a legal fiction .
Who , by the way , is the corporation : the employees , the senior executives , the board of directors , the shareholders , the creditors ?
Although the Court in a prior case involving a state referendum , had given corporations ' free speech rights , that decision explicitly noted that the opinion did not apply in the " quite different context " of a candidate election .
The point is simply that the Court 's conclusion on this pivotal issue in Citizens United was again a broad value choice , which could have been decided either way .
• Finally , the majority concluded that none of the main arguments to support the Congressional limitation on independent corporate expenditures -- anti- corruption , anti-distortion or lack of shareholder approval -- constituted the kind of " compelling state interest " that justifies infringement of First Amendment rights , especially in the core area of political speech .
Many of the " factual " and " impact " propositions advanced by the Majority are , as Justice Stevens rightly points out , not moored to any facts in the record ( because there was no record ) and are speculative .
There were many friend of court briefs in the case , citing studies this way and that .
But these studies were not subject to cross-examination ( and we should be skeptical of unchallenged findings of social science research ) .
So , again , the Court substituted its value choices about the weight of the arguments in support of the expenditure limitation for that of Congress , showing little deference to Congressional findings .
The Court used the fulcrum of the law 's supposed " chilling effect " on speech to leverage its value choices on the lack of compelling interests .
But has anyone but the court noted the chilling effects on corporate and union participation in politics from the expenditure and other limitations ?
The absence of a full record on election laws -- and the Court 's inability to have a broad field of view like the Congress -- means that the majority decision has left us with two other paradoxes .
First , the decision is likely to weaken candidates and parties .
There are now two kinds of " independent " expenditures : the newly freed and unlimited " independent " expenditures in support of , or opposition to , candidates by corporations and unions ( which cannot be coordinated with the campaigns ) .
There are also the soft - money , so - called 527 organizations which can spend unlimited funds on independent " issue advocacy " ( but not candidate advocacy ) .
Only candidates and their campaigns are now subject to limits : they can receive up to $ 2,400 from individuals and $ 5,000 from PACs per election ( primaries and general elections are different ) .
Unless they find the magic internet fundraising formula used by the Obama presidential campaign , they can be swamped in an election by both corporate / union and 527 expenditures .
JREF Swift Blog
Crocopetard
For the past few years , anyone who has been following the Creation vs. Evolution debate has come across the comment by Kirk Cameron , made on the The O'Reilly Factor , that there are no " transitional forms . "
His exact quote , which demonstrates his general misinformedness as to how evolution actually works , was :
" Plus , Darwin said in order to prove evolution , which is the number one alternative to God , you gotta be able to prove transitional forms .
One animal transitioning into another , and all through the fossil record and life we do n't find one of these .
A croco -duck .
There 's just nothing like it .
There is no one animal transitioning into another "
Not so fast , Cameron .
The croco - duck has been found .
In fact , two separate candidates for the coveted title of " croco - duck " have been uncovered in two different parts of the world .
The first of these creatures was discovered on the southern coast of Peru .
This creature , a pelagornithid , has been described as " a giant , bony - toothed seabird that lived up to 10 million years ago . "
In the beast 's Wikipedia article , we find this bit : " Some believe they are related to gannets and pelicans , while other say they are related to ducks . "
Of course having no living specimen to examine , we are left to speculate as to what this pre-historic water - fowl with the giant , bony - toothed bill may have looked like .
Wikipedia has an artist rendition , but it 's approximate .
There does , however , seem to be a taxonomical relation between the pelagornithid and the anseriformes , a family which includes -- you guessed it -- ducks .
So , candidate one for the title of croco - duck is a duck - like creature with a bill filled with sharp , crocodile - like teeth .
Candidate number two is even more croco - duckish .
Dr. Paul Sereno , a Sahara - based Paleontologist with National Geographic , recently unearthed five species of ancient crocodile .
One of them , the previously - discovered " Anatosuchus minor , " is also known as the " duck crocodile " for it 's broad , duck - like snout .
This species was originally discovered in 2003 by Dr. Serano in Gadoufaoua , Niger .
So we have two viable candidates for the title of croco - duck .
The beauty of this is that these plainly transitional forms would be a lot less noteworthy if the creationists had n't spent so much time crowing about their non-existence .
Alas , they are hoist by their own petard .
If you spare even a thought for the pelagornothid , it 's likely probably because you 're pondering the ironic contrasts between the world the creationists believe in and the one we actually inhabit .
The theory of evolution by natural selection , unlike the falsehoods peddled by Kirk Cameron , is based in many varied and dynamic disciplines .
It is a combination of biology , chemistry , physics , archeology , paleontology , astronomy , and more .
Central to all of them is the ability to question ; to test a hypothesis , and should it prove wrong , to begin again .
This is why new evidence is always welcome to the scientist , and so often discomfiting to the believer .
Scientists love to unearth croco -ducks .
Believers always wish they 'd go away .
Electronic Arts ' new game
The Saboteur opens with a close - up shot of a stripper , nude from the waist up .
Well , actually , that 's only if you buy the " Midnight Show " downloadable content .
See also : Review : The Saboteur Stumbles By Selling Stealth Short
Saboteur , which will be released Dec. 8 for Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 and PC , features mild nudity :
The girls of the Belle de Nuit , a Parisian strip club that serves as your home base , will walk around without their tops if you flip the " Nudity " switch in the game 's menu .
Unless you download the $ 5 Midnight Show , however , that switch is inactive .
But do n't worry : A free code to redeem the DLC is included with each copy of The Saboteur .
After you 're done breathing that sigh of relief , you may ask :
Why lock this feature behind downloadable content if it comes free with every copy of the game ?
Simple : Breasts are only for people who buy the game new .
Purchase a pre-owned copy of The Saboteur , and you can bet that the previous owner already used the code , meaning that you 'll have to pay Electronic Arts another fiver .
Lend the game to a friend ?
They 'll have to pay to get those tops off , too .
The Midnight Show add - on gives you very little : Besides the Nudity switch , it opens up a small secret area in the basement of the Belle where you can get lap dances and play a gambling mini-game .
But let 's be honest :
The main attraction probably is going to get many of the players who borrow , rent or buy a used copy of Saboteur to pay up .
What 's five bucks when nudity is on the line ?
It 's also a great way to get people to sign up for an EA Online user account , which is required to access the download through Xbox Live .
Midnight
Show seems like something that could easily have just been included on the game disc .
On the other hand , it is an entirely frivolous feature , and dropping bonuses in games that entice people to buy new copies is better than pitching a fit about how pre-owned games and rentals and sharing with your little brother are the scourge of the industry .
But on the other other hand , locking even frivolous features behind a DRM pay wall is just another stop on the inevitable road to you not actually owning the videogames you buy .
Just watch :
It wo n't be long until the notion of lending games to a friend becomes quaint .
( We 'll all just be too busy staring at digital bazooms to care . )
See Also :
Red Toryism sounds like a paradox too far .
Yet it has become the shorthand term for a new Tory think - tank .
Although social justice sounds inextricably entwined with socialism , the Centre for Social Justice ( CSJ ) is another – and very effective – Tory think - tank run by Iain Duncan Smith .
Does this mean that the Cameroons have repudiated Thatcherism ?
No , but they are moving beyond it .
Thatcherism is not enough .
It is time for a new Hegelian synthesis .
The Lady always had the defects of her qualities .
When she said " there is no such thing as society " she was merely being scornful about defence - counsel weaselry : attempts to persuade the court that even if the defendant might have coshed an old dear while stealing her pension , it was all society 's fault .
But a more intellectually - sensitive Tory would have found another form of words .
It is not clear whether Margaret Thatcher is a Tory , as opposed to a classical liberal .
She does not have a Tory temperament .
Traditional Tories believe that religion requires faith : secular matters , scepticism .
Lady
Thatcher inverted that .
She is a conviction politician but her religious views are tepid .
Tories know that freedom is not a panacea and that the social order requires more than anarchy plus the constable .
Much less persuaded by the ubiquity of original sin or by the connection between liberty and licence , Margaret
Thatcher thought that people should be free to do what they ought to do , and that the constable would be able to deal with the minority who misbehaved .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Above all , she believed that if you kept government out of the way and allowed people to run their own lives , most of them would be successful .
She neither understood nor sympathised with those who could not succeed – because she thought that it was their own fault for not trying hard enough .
Traditional Toryism is much more humane , much more attuned to human weakness and to the plight of those trapped at the bottom of the heap .
As Mrs Thatcher was an electoral politician , she would never have said it , but she regarded all that as wet .
David Cameron would not agree .
The proper name for the Red Tory think - tank is ResPublica .
No , this does not mean that the Tories are no longer monarchists .
Res publica means public things : a public agenda .
Mr Cameron is committed to such an agenda .
His approach to social policy is summarised in two sentences : " we are all in this together " and " there is such a thing as society but it is not the same as the state " .
Two or three years ago , Mr Cameron talked a lot about the quality of life index and said that it was just important as the economic indices ; in those days , it seemed as if the latter ones could be taken for granted .
Of late , the Tory leader has had to adapt his rhetoric to a colder climate , but he is still determined to ensure that his party will not just sound like the political wing of the Treasury .
Like all sensible Tories , he is aware of the failures of welfarism : the danger that by trapping its clients in a dependency culture , welfare can perpetuate the cycle of deprivation , so that the welfare state becomes an ill - fare state .
He is equally aware that the answer does not lie in benign neglect .
Mr Cameron believes that welfare provision should be much less monolithic : that charities and voluntary organisations should be encouraged to involve themselves and help ensure that the enormous expenditures actually promote welfare .
If ResPublica and the CSJ can work out how to achieve this , they will find many doors open to them in David Cameron 's Whitehall .
The likelihood is that they will both have a considerable influence on policy , but that neither will be fully successful .
That will not be their fault .
Like everyone else in the field , they are pursuing an unattainable goal and confronted by an insuperable obstacle .
The unattainable goal is the Tories ' dream : a country that combines the social harmony of the 1950s with the economic dynamism of recent decades : a fusion of the post - Big Bang City and Watch with Mother .
In one respect , Marx had a clearer insight into capitalism than most Tories .
He understood its destructive power .
He knew that it would undermine traditional hierarchies and the social stability which they created .
It is easy to argue that man was designed to live in a tribal , hierarchical , agrarian and religious world .
In rending that world apart , capitalism has made it possible for billions of people to enjoy previously unimaginable levels of freedom , prosperity – and longevity .
But there is a price .
To paraphrase Freud , the outcome is often capitalism and its discontents .
Not everyone can cope with the relentless drive from status to contract : hence our insuperable obstacle , the underclass .
Eric Hobsbawm wrote that the first generation of industrial workers often responded to their new circumstances with dreams and violence .
The same is true of the first post - industrial generation .
Since 1960 , there has been a relentless decline in the family and in religion as a social cement .
Over the same decades , television has ruthlessly sabotaged the satisfactions , the status and the self - respect that used to sustain the less well - off , by bombarding them with images of a consumer 's paradise that they have no hope of enjoying , and that appears to have become the whole meaning of life .
Leftie sociologists who used to complain about the imposition of social control on the poor ought to be happier these days , when there is so much less of it about .
In some inner cities , we now have anarchy without the constable .
It will take more than think - tanks to put that right .
Phillip Blond , who runs ResPublica , is religious .
He would like to promote a religious revival .
It would be unwise to have much faith in the outcome .
Yet even if it is not Divine , some form of intervention will be necessary .
One possible solution , previously canvassed here , is a new cadre of social workers .
Middle - aged housewives , those leaving the armed forces or the police , businessmen who have retired early and are up to a new challenge : give them all a case - load of underclass single mothers to turn into decent mothers who can bring up non-criminal children .
That might sound coercive , and it would have tough - love elements .
It should also add to the sum of human happiness .
It would train those who cannot cope with freedom how to enjoy all the rights which Mrs Thatcher believes that they ought to have .
The Victorians did succeed in moralising an underclass : not the smallest of their achievements .
We have to remoralise one .
They had two resources which we lack : strong families and strong churches .
But we spend vastly more money than they would have dreamt of .
We must now secure value for that money .
JS Mill described the Tories as the stupid party ( not that this upset many Tories ) .
It was always untrue and never more so than under Margaret Thatcher , who delighted in winning intellectual converts .
Although these distinguished figures made an insignificant contribution to electoral success , the sense that the Party was an idée en marche boosted Tory morale .
There may have been fewer well - known names in recent years , but Tory think - tank culture has never been healthier : the ones mentioned above , Policy Exchange and several others .
This is just as well .
Rarely has every area of public policy been more embattled ; rarely has hard thinking been more urgent .
ResPublica will have to prove that it can turn phrases into policies .
So will the Cameron government .
The question mark ’s there in an abundance of caution because there ’s always a chance with short clips that some key context has been bowdlerized , but it ’s hard to see how this one is n’t exactly what it looks like .
Bonus points here for the fact that our hero admits he ’s actually voting for Brown .
If only he were SEIU , this would have been pure , 24 - karat gold .
Hey , remember when Reid and Pelosi accused townhall protesters of astroturfing ?
Good times .
A quarter of households in Britain – more in the larger cities , and a majority in some inner cities – live without a car .
Imagine how quality of life would improve for cyclists and everyone else if traffic were removed from areas where people could practically choose to live without cars .
Does this sound unrealistic , utopian ?
Did you know many European cities are already doing it ?
Vauban in Germany is one of the largest car - free neighbourhoods in Europe , home to more than 5,000 people .
If you live in the district , you are required to confirm once a year that you do not own a car – or , if you do own one , you must buy a space in a multi-storey car park on the edge of the district .
One space was initially provided for every two households , but car ownership has fallen over time , and many of these spaces are now empty .
Vehicles are allowed down the residential streets at walking pace to pick up and deliver , but not to park .
In practice , vehicles are rarely seen moving here .
It has been taken over by kids as young as four or five , playing , skating and unicycling without direct supervision .
The adults , too , tend to socialise outdoors far more than they would on conventional streets open to traffic ( behaviour that 's echoed in the UK , too ) .
Most of the European car - free areas are smaller and " purer " than Vauban : vehicles are physically prevented from entering the streets where people live .
Exceptions are made for emergency vehicles and removals vans but not for normal deliveries , which are made on foot , trolley or cycle trailer .
A few peripheral parking spaces are available to buy ( usually around one space for every five homes ) and a few are reserved for car club vehicles .
In all the examples I have studied , cycling is a vital means of transport .
Car - free areas of this kind , with anything from a couple of hundred to more than a thousand residents , exist in Amsterdam , Vienna , Cologne , Hamburg and Nuremberg , among others .
There is even a small one in Edinburgh .
There is another form of car - free development , so familiar we have until recently overlooked its potential .
Most pedestrianised city or neighbourhood centres in Britain are almost entirely commercial .
But a few farsighted councils , such as Exeter , have brought back housing and residents , without cars or allocated parking , into city centres that would otherwise be deserted after 6 pm .
Groningen , the Netherlands ' capital of cycling , has the largest car - free centre in Europe : half - pedestrianised , entirely closed to through traffic , with 16,500 residents , three - quarters of whom have no car in the household .
Forty percent of all journeys within the city are made by bicycle .
Carfree UK , which I coordinate , was set up to promote European - style car - free development in this country .
We are not anti-car , we are pro-choice .
We have recently run public meetings in London to set up a new car - free association for London , which is beginning to look at areas of the city from which traffic could be removed .
We know considerable potential demand exists for traffic - free housing in London , and probably in a number of other major cities .
Where else do you think might be suitable ?
• Steve Melia is coordinator of Carfree UK and a researcher at the University of the West of England
After a very long absence , it looks like the Sun may finally be kick - starting its magnetic cycle .
A big ol ' group of sunspots has just appeared on our nearest star :
A quick comparison to the Sun 's disk ( done with Photoshop , so do n't quote me extensively ! ) indicates this group of spots is about 10 times the width of the Earth , making it decently hefty .
It 's the biggest group we 've seen since the solar minimum a couple of years ago .
The Sun 's face has been almost entirely devoid of spots for some time , and it 's been getting a little weird .
There was some activity earlier this year , but it did n't seem to be gaining any footing .
And while this new group of spots does n't mean the new solar cycle has finally gotten started , it 's a good sign .
As a quick refresher : the Sun is a variable star .
Its magnetic activity strengthens and weakens over a roughly 22 year cycle .
It 's actually two 11 year cycles : the field rises in strength over 5 or so years , peaks , then dips back down over the next 5 or so years .
When it begins to rise again , the polarity ( north / south ) is reversed .
To be clear , it 's not the actual spin of the Sun that flips , just the magnetic field poles .
Also , it 's not exactly 5.5 years every time ; the length of the cycle itself can change a bit .
When the Sun 's magnetic field is at its strongest , we see lots of sunspots , which are areas on the surface of the Sun where the local magnetic field lines constrain the movement of the Sun 's gas .
The gas cools and dims , looking dark against the hotter gas .
Normally , convection ( like boiling water ) would drag the cooler material down into the Sun 's interior , but the magnetic field prevents that , so sunspots can persist for days or weeks .
Mind you , it 's all far more complicated than this , but hopefully this gives you the idea .
Right now we 're at the minimum of the Sun 's magnetic cycle , and normally we would have seen a rise in magnetic activity more than year ago .
But for some unknown reason the Sun has been slow to return to its usual business .
No one is really sure what would happen if the minimum were prolonged for years , though there is a weak tie between sunspot activity and the Earth 's temperature ( and no , not enough to account for global climate change ) .
In the face of all these unknowns , I 'll be honest and say I 'd like to see the Sun getting back on the stick and producing spots again !
So this new grouping is a tentative relief .
Hopefully we 'll be seeing more spots soon .
Also , I 'll note that this grouping comes just a few days after a nice filament erupted from the Sun , as seen here by the STEREO spacecraft .
You can monitor the Sun in real time by going to the SOHO spacecraft website , where they frequently update pictures from the solar observatory .
Image credits : STEREO , SOHO , NASA /ESA
A game of high stakes chess is being played in the Middle East , with Iran at one side of the board and Israel ( joined by the United States and other countries negotiating with Iran ) at the other .
In this chess game , the Iranian nuclear program is like a pawn Tehran relentlessly pushes forward .
In chess , a pawn that reaches the end of the board can be exchanged for a more powerful piece - a queen .
But that almost never happens .
No skilled player would allow an opponent to advance a pawn that far .
So it is with Iran 's nuclear program .
As the negotiations proceed , the pawn steadily advances .
The United States and Israel watch warily .
They do not want the pawn to become a queen ; they do not want to see Iran in possession of a nuclear weapon .
All options are on the table , both governments aver .
One way or another , the pawn will be stopped .
The use of military force is implicit , and that threat is underlined by the example set by Israel 's military strikes against nuclear facilities in Iraq and Syria .
But in chess , there is another strategy .
The player advancing the pawn does not expect it to reach the end of the board .
Rather , a trap is set .
The pawn is a sacrifice ; its loss initiates a series of responses that lead to victory .
Having focused on the threat posed by the advancing pawn , the losing player does not see the moves being set up that will determine the outcome of the game .
Could that be Iran 's strategy ?
Could the nuclear program be a sacrificial pawn , designed to provoke an attack , which Tehran hopes would then set in motion a series of events that would lead to its triumph ?
The idea seems fantastic .
Nevertheless , it deserves some consideration , especially since there is a recent precedent that may be relevant .
In the 2006 war in Lebanon , Hezbollah stunned Israel when it fired an anti-ship missile at an Israeli gunboat that had been shelling Beirut .
Significantly , Hezbollah did not use the anti-ship missile to deter an attack .
It did not tell the Israelis :
You keep your ships away from Beirut because we can sink them .
Instead , it kept the presence of this weapon secret - not an easy thing to do .
It lured the ship into a trap , and almost succeeded in sinking it .
But to do that , it made a conscious decision to sacrifice , albeit to a limited degree , the people of Beirut .
Hezbollah allowed the ship to shoot first , taking advantage of Israeli overconfidence , and then unleashed its response .
Could the nuclear program be following the same pattern ?
Certain aspects of Iran 's behavior suggest the idea needs to be considered .
First , there is the very provocative Iranian program of Holocaust denial .
One would think that if Iran 's leaders were serious about getting the bomb , they would stay quiet until they had the bomb .
Instead , they are behaving in a way bound to antagonize those sitting on the other side of the chess board .
The Israelis , in particular , view the campaign of Holocaust denial as an implicit threat , which reinforces their determination that Iran should not get the bomb .
In addition , Iran has been engaging in a vast conventional arms buildup - at least according to the Iranian press , which regularly reports on new weapons and military exercises .
Iran has also re-supplied Hezbollah , which now is better equipped than it was in 2006 .
Iran cannot win a nuclear war ; it would be destroyed in retaliation .
A conventional war holds no such danger , and any attack would likely unite the Iranian people in defense of their country .
The political impact in the region could also be profound .
This would be the third attack by a Western country on a Muslim one in just a few years .
Whatever the justifications for each war , three in such a short time would almost certainly enhance the impression that Islam itself is under siege .
That impression could be bolstered by developments in Jerusalem .
In the past few weeks , there have been confrontations around the holy sites .
If there is an incident in Jerusalem at the same time there is an attack on Iran , it is difficult to see how a regional explosion could be avoided .
Israel might then truly face an existential threat .
In attempting to prevent the crowning of the Iranian pawn , we should also be conscious of the dangers of a sacrificial pawn .
That is , after all , what any good chess player would do .
Introduction
In this article , we will showcase some examples made using the new properties in the W3C ’s CSS3 Backgrounds and Borders specification .
We recommend using Opera 11 or later to view these examples in their full glory .
background -clip
The first CSS3 property that we ’ll introduce is background - clip .
This property is used to determine whether the background image extends into the border or not .
There are two options , the default border - box and padding - box .
When border - box is used , the background image will extend to the border and will therefore show up behind the border , as in Figure 1 .
The other option is padding - box which means the background image wo n’t stretch to the border .
The image will simply appear until the edge of the padding , as shown in Figure 2 .
background - clip: border-box Figure 1 : background - clip: border -box
background - clip: padding -box Figure 2 : background - clip : padding - box
In essence , padding - box clips the background image to the padding box while border - box clips the background image to the border .
Screenshots of background - clip and background - origin show you how it looks if your browser does not support this CSS3 property .
Note that Gecko still uses their vendor prefix : - moz - background - clip .
Gecko is also using the old property value without the - box suffix .
Therefore , instead of padding - box , Gecko uses padding for the same effect .
These issues have been fixed in the latest nightlies of Firefox but have not yet reached a final release at the time of writing .
The latest versions of WebKit now support these properties without the prefix .
background - origin
The background - origin property is used to determine how the background - position of a background in a certain box is calculated .
When you position a background image , background - origin allows you to specify your starting point .
The default padding - box positions the background image relative to the outer edge of the padding ( inner edge of the border ) , whereas border - box positions the background image relative to the outer edge of the border .
There is also the value content - box which , not surprisingly , positions the background image relative to the outer edge of the content ( inner edge of the padding ) .
For example , a background image positioned 10 pixels from the left and top will show in the following positions using the different values for background - origin :
background - origin: border-box Figure 3 : background - origin: border-box
background - origin : padding - box Figure 4 : background - origin : padding - box
background - clip : padding - box and background - origin : border - box Figure 5 : background - clip : padding - box and background - origin : border - box
background - clip : padding -box and background - origin : padding - box Figure 6 : background - clip : padding - box and background - origin : padding - box
If your browser does not support this feature yet , you can take a look at the background - clip and background - origin screenshots .
Daniel Davis has another example and explanation of CSS3 background - clip and background - origin .
Similar to background - clip , Gecko still uses its prefix for background - origin .
Gecko is also using the old property value without the - box suffix .
Instead of padding - box , Gecko uses padding for the same effect .
These issues have been fixed in the latest nightlies of Firefox but have not yet reached a final release at the time of writing .
Multiple background images
CSS3 allows multiple backgrounds on a single element .
This is done by defining multiple background images .
You can achieve the effect using either the background - image or shorthand background properties .
Example 1
In the first example , we show you how to merge three background images into one using the background property .
Figure 7 : Three individual background images
By defining the background images in order , they overlap each other .
The W3C spec says :
The first image in the list is the layer closest to the user , the next one is painted behind the first , and so on .
The background color , if present , is painted below all of the other layers .
Note that the border - image properties can also define a background image , which , if present , is painted on top of the background created by the background properties .
You can view the multiple background image example here .
The results can be seen in figure 8 .
Figure 8 : Screenshot of a combined background image using multiple background images
background : url( rose.png ) no-repeat 150 px - 20 px , url( driedrose.png ) no-repeat , url( fieldsky.jpg ) no-repeat ;
Example 2
Alternatively , you can use the background - image property to create a background with multiple images .
In this second example we show you how to create the sliding doors technique using only background - image .
This time there ’s no need for extra nested blocks .
Together with background - repeat and background - position , Patrick Lauke shows us how sliding door buttons are created using multiple background images .
Figure 9 : Screenshot of the sliding doors technique using multiple background images
background-image:url( left.png ) , url ( right.png ) , url ( main.png ) ; background - repeat : no - repeat , no - repeat , repeat-x ; background - position : left top , right top , left top ;
background - attachment
The background - attachment property determines if a background image is fixed or scrolls with the rest of the page .
It happens when we define how a background image is attached to a viewport .
Background images can be fixed to a viewport or can scroll along with the element or with its contents via local .
See Vadim Makeev ’s background - attachment demo .
He has created three sections to demonstrate how fixed , scroll and local are affected when we scroll the viewport and the full document .
Figure 10 : Screenshot of our background - attachment example
The local value for background - attachment is new in the W3 C ’s CSS3 border and background specification .
At the time of writing , it is not yet supported in public releases of Firefox .
Starting with Opera 11 , it is possible to specify the new CSS3 background properties in the background shorthand .
This includes background - size , background - clip and background - origin .
There are a few things to be aware of when using the new background shorthand .
If only one box value is specified both background - clip and background - origin are set to this value .
If two are specified then the first is used for the origin and the second is used for the clip .
As both background - position and background - size accept length and percentage values , a forward slash / needs to be present before the first background - size value .
Finally , if specifying multiple background images , only the final image can specify a background - color .
In the following demo the background shorthand has been used to specify three images to illustrate the CSS box model .
All values have been specified , even if they are the same as the default , to show how they can be defined .
Each image has a different background - origin to place the image in the border box , padding box and content box respectively .
Figure 11 : Screenshot of the box model example created using the background shorthand , including various CSS3 properties
See the background shorthand demo in action .
The background shorthand used is as follows :
background : url( content.svgz ) no -repeat left top / 200 px 70 px scroll content - box content - box , url ( padding.svgz ) no -repeat left top / 240 px 110 px scroll padding - box padding - box , url ( border. svgz ) no -repeat left top / 280 px 150 px scroll border - box border - box white ;
box - shadow
Box shadow allows shadow effects on elements .
This property takes several values :
The first value indicates the horizontal offset of the shadow .
You can use a negative value to put the shadow to the left of your box .
The second value indicates the vertical offset .
You can use a negative value to put the shadow above your box
The third value is the blur radius .
The bigger the value , the more blurred it is .
Additionally , you can give the shadow color , spread and offset values .
Let ’s look at some examples :
Figure 12 : box - shadow:10 px 10 px 20 px # 000
Figure 13 : blur radius is set to just 1 pixel
box - shadow:10 px 10 px 1px # 000 ;
Figure 14 : sexied up with pink
box - shadow:10 px 10 px 20 px # FE2E2E ; border - radius : 20 px ;
Figure 15 : the spread value set to 10 pixels making the shadow bigger
box - shadow:20 px 20 px 10 px 10 px ;
Figure 16 : the inset value creates an inner shadow
box - shadow : - 10 px - 10 px 20 px inset ;
To check whether you ’re looking at the correct box - shadow implementation , please see the CSS3 box - shadow screenshots and example here .
Example
If you like a kick in your tea , add some box - shadow , transforms , transitions , RGBa , query selectors and : lang ( ) .
Enjoy the steaming hot CSS3 box - shadow effects by Vadim Makeev .
Figure 17 : Teacup using box - shadow and other CSS3 effects
The box - shadow property only works on Gecko and WebKit with a - moz - and - webkit - prefix , respectively .
box - decoration - break
When laying out content in CSS , boxes can be broken into two or more pieces in a number of ways ; in paged media such a print content is broken into page boxes when an element flows onto another page , when using CSS Multi - column layout a box is broken when flowing from one column to the next , and for inline elements an inline box is broken into line boxes when flowing from one line to the next .
The box - decoration - break property allows you to define how these boxes behave .
The slice value is the default value and behaves as if you do not specify the property or it is not supported .
Properties such as border - radius , box - shadow , border and padding are not applied where the box breaks .
The edge will be straight as if there was no special decoration , almost as if you cut the box cleanly into pieces , and places the pieces in position , such as the next line , page or column .
See figure 13 for a visual demonstration of inline blocks with box - decoration - break : slice applied .
Figure 18 : A screenshot showing box - decoration - break : slice applied to inline elements .
This is default behaviour
The clone value applies the padding , border , border - radius , -o - border - image and box - shadow to each box independently .
This means that where the box breaks , such as at the start and end of a line , the border , border - radius and so on will be drawn , so that it looks like each box is its own element .
If a background image is applied and set to no -repeat , it will be drawn once for each box
See figure 14 for a visual demonstration of inline blocks with box - decoration - break : clone applied .
Figure 19 : A screenshot showing box - decoration - break : clone applied to inline elements .
Note how the border - radius and box - shadow is applied at the end and start of the line
Check out the box - decoration - break demo in Opera 10.60 or above to see this in action .
border - radius
The highly - awaited border - radius has arrived !
We can now create rounded corners for our elements , just like the ones below .
border - radius is the shorthand for :
border - top - left - radius
border - bottom - left- radius
border - top - right - radius
border - bottom - right - radius
Let ’s dive into some examples .
Four rounded corners Figure 20 : Four rounded corners
border - radius : 25 px ;
Two rounded corners Figure 21 : Two rounded corners
border - bottom - left - radius : 40 px ; border - bottom - right - radius : 40 px ;
Four rounded corners Figure 22 : Four rounded corners , the bottom corners with a 40 pixel radius and the top corners with a 10 pixel radius
border - bottom - left - radius : 40 px ; border - bottom - right - radius : 40 px ; border - top - left - radius : 10 px ; border - top - right - radius : 10 px ;
One rounded corner Figure 23 : One rounded corner with a radius of 120 pixels
border - bottom - right - radius : 120 px ;
Four rounded corners Figure 24 : Four rounded corners , two with a radius of 20 pixels and the other two with a radius of 120 pixels
border - radius : 120 px 20 px ;
Rounded corners Figure 25 : Rounded corners with a radius of 120 pixels along the X - axis and 20 pixels along the Y - axis
border - radius : 120px / 20 px ;
Rounded corners Figure 26 : Rounded corners with a background image
border - radius:30 px ; background:url( japanese-tile.jpg ) ;
To check whether your browser supports border - radius correctly you can compare the original border - radius example with the border - radius screenshots .
Patrick Lauke and Vadim Makeev have created a border - radius picker that helps you to generate a one - liner border - radius code .
Gecko still uses the border - radius properties with the - moz- prefix .
Gecko also has an alternative syntax for non-shorthand values .
These issues have been fixed in the latest nightlies of Firefox but have not yet reached a final release at the time of writing .
-o- border - image
Using the - o - border - image property , you can use an image to act as an element ’s border .
Images can be set to stretch , repeat or round .
Border Image Figure 27 : Border Image with repeat
border-image:url( molecule.png ) 50 stretch ;
Border Image Figure 28 : Border Image stretch
-o-border-image:url(molecule.png ) 50 stretch ;
The stretch and repeat values are fairly self - explanatory .
The round value still repeats the image but compresses the image to fit the element width without showing only parts of the image itself .
See Vadim Makeev ’s animated showcase of CSS3 ’s border - image to get an idea of how the effect works .
Screenshots are shown below .
Figure 29 : -o - border - image : stretch screenshot
Figure 30 : - o - border - image : repeat screenshot
Opera 11.50 requires the - o- prefix for border - image .
While the CSS3 Backgrounds and Borders module is fairly stable , the border - image spec has changed substantially since we implemented it ( including becoming a short hand for a number of individual border - image properties ) .
As such we introduced the vendor prefix until the implementation matches the new spec .
It is no longer supported prefixless at the time of writing .
WebKit and Gecko also currently require their respective prefix .
Conclusion
We hope you enjoyed reading and trying out these new CSS3 implementations .
They run in Opera 11 + , and other standards - aware browsers .
Credit goes to Daniel Davis and Patrick Lauke for their wonderful demos , and David Storey for his suggestions , ideas , and updating this article for the new features found in Opera 11 .
Read more
Description :
Our third busty brunette ( check here for the others ) for the day lets us watch as she strips and enjoys a hot bubble bath .
Views : 286862 Date : 12/04/09 Favorited : 28
This has to be one of the easiest and tastiest ways of preparing Chinese or napa cabbage ( hakusai ) that I know of .
All you taste is the fresh essence of the cabbage , with the heat of the red pepper and the slight twist of the orange zest .
Did I say easy ?
Wash and chop up the leaves , mix together the flavoring ingredients , dump all in a plastic bag , shake then massage .
That 's it .
It 's ready to eat right away , though the flavors to meld a bit better if you can manage to keep it in the fridge for at least an hour before eating .
I 've used ingredients that anyone should have , even if you are n't stocked up on typical Japanese ingredients .
Adjust the amount of red pepper flakes up or down to your taste .
Quick Chinese cabbage pickles ( Hakusai no sokusekizuke )
About 2 lb / 1 kg ( a small whole head or half of a large head ) fresh Chinese ( napa ) cabbage ( about 6 cups cut up )
1/2 tsp vegetable stock granules ( or about 1/ 2 a Knorr - sized stock cube )
1 tsp. salt
1 tsp. red pepper flakes
1 tsp. orange zest in thin strips
Optional : 1 tsp. lemon juice
Optional : 1 tsp. dark sesame oil
Equipment needed : a large plastic zip bag
Wash the cabbage leaves , and discard any discolored parts .
Dry by spinning in a salad spinner or in several layers of paper towels .
Chop up roughly .
Mix together all the dry ingredients and orange zest in a bowl .
If you 're using a stock cube , crumble it up finely .
Put the cabbage in the plastic bag , and the dry ingredients + orange zest .
Close the bag with plenty of air in it ( so it 's like a balloon ) and shake all around until the ingredients are evenly distributed .
Open the bag , expel as much air as you can , and close again .
Massage and toss the bag around , bruising the cabbage .
Quite a lot of moisture will come out of the cabbage and melt the salt etc .
Try not to burst the bag with over - enthusiastic kneading .
You can eat this right away , or leave in the refrigerator in the bag for about an hour ( you can do it over night too ) .
To serve , drain off the excess moisture ( which is delicious , but rather salty ... though some people like to drink it off ! ) .
Drizzle with the optional lemon juice or sesame oil .
Serve with any Japanese style meal .
Makes a great bento box item .
Submitted by maki on 2007-03 - 19 15:44 .
If you enjoyed this article , please consider becoming my patron via Patreon .
^_^ Become a Patron !
Filed under : japanese
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Americans scrapped more automobiles than they bought last year as the ragged economy reduced demand and some major cities expanded mass transit service , according to a new report .
Cash - for - Clunkers program used cars sit on Ted Britt Ford dealership storage lot in Fairfax , Virginia , August 3 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Larry Downing
The United States scrapped 14 million autos while buying only 10 million last year , shrinking the country ’s car and light duty truck fleet to 246 million from a record high of 250 million , according to the report to be released on Wednesday by nonprofit group the Earth Policy Institute ( EPI ) .
The United States , the world ’s biggest petroleum user , “ is entering a new era , evolving from a car - dominated transport system to one that is much more diversified , ” said Lester Brown , the president of the EPI .
While many cities like New York have had to cut mass transit services and raise fares during the recession , Phoenix , Seattle , Houston , Nashville and other cities have expanded or improved mass transit systems .
Cities are taking a variety of steps , like adding rapid bus lanes and light duty rail , to fight traffic congestion and air pollution .
Some are raising parking meter prices and cutting down the required parking spaces per building , the report said .
President Barack Obama ’s “ cash for clunkers ” program , which last summer gave consumers a rebate of up to $ 4,500 for trading in older cars and light trucks , led to the scrapping of more than 700,000 vehicles .
But since the incentive was only available to consumers who bought new fuel - sipping vehicles , it did not affect the ratio of scrapped vehicles to new sales .
Market saturation of autos , urbanization , high oil prices that reached a record $ 147 a barrel in 2008 , and the uncertain economy have helped cut car sales , Brown said .
Given those forces , sales may never reach the 17 million per year level they were between 1999 and 2007 , he said .
Because more people live in cities than a few decades ago , young people , particularly those burdened with student loans , are foregoing car purchases , the report said .
As more people live in cities , some teens are not even bothering to get driver ’s licenses .
The number of teenagers with licenses peaked at 12 million in 1978 but is now under 10 million , the report said .
“ When I was a kid socializing revolved around getting into a car and going for a drive , ” said Brown .
“ Today kids socialize over the Internet and on smart phones . ”
A continued drop in auto purchases could cut long - term oil demand and greenhouse gas emissions from transportation .
he said .
It could also lead to increases in steel supplies as big cars get recycled , Brown said .
Brown used data from the U.S. Federal Highway Administration and R.L. Polk &
Co to write the report .
You cant move for Ganja in Nepal , it grows very easily and the Police have no interest if you ' harvest ' it .
In short a pot head 's paradise .
What ’s the quickest way into the hearts of a bunch of warm and fuzzy digirati ?
Break the news that their favorite do no evil search giant is throwing the gauntlet down against the big evil China .
The literal tidal wave of reaction both on Twitter and on blogs highlights this perfectly .
It does n’t matter where you turn but everyone is high - fiving Google and calling this the greatest turning point in the world .
Seriously – just read Robert Scoble ’s little ditty
The world has just dramatically changed .
Google Blog : Google threatens to leave China .
This is a world changer .
We will not see this kind of world - changing action by a tech company often .
It has made me a fan of Google all over again .
Perceptions have changed .
All because they are now taking a stance against censorship in China to the point that they are apparently willing to close up shop in the country .
Wow .
Are they really ?
Does this really have anything to do with the fight against censorship ?
Sorry but it ’s a resounding no in both cases .
Google could n’t give a shit about the censorship problem .
If they did they would n’t have waited more than almost four years to take this kind of action .
If they had really cared about censorship they would never have been willing to kowtow to the Chinese government and censored filtered search results in the country .
What we got instead Schmidt placating us all with this kind of dribble – “ We actually did an evil scale and decided not to serve at all was worse evil . ”
So what is all this about ?
Well actually the answer is right there in the first paragraph of an obviously lawyer washed post on Google ’s blog that everyone is linking to and holding up as some new coming of The Power Of Google .
Like many other well - known organizations , we face cyber attacks of varying degrees on a regular basis .
In mid-December , we detected a highly sophisticated and targeted attack on our corporate infrastructure originating from China that resulted in the theft of intellectual property from Google .
That is what got Google all pissy .
While they do n’t come right out and say it – and no lawyer would – Google obviously feels that it is the government of China that has stolen their intellectual property .
The rest of the crap is nothing more than window dressing to distract the digirati and give everyone the impression that it ’s all about censorship .
The real message of this post was n’t to you , me or any other quick to the keyboard blogger looking to gain as many pageviews as possible while the story is still hot .
No – this was a message pointed directly at China to let them know that Google knows they have stolen the company ’s property and it is n’t happy about it .
This is all a game between Google and China .
China stole some property .
Google notices and after digging up some additional juicy garbage puts the spotlight on China .
Google and China begin talking in the back room and chances are some money ( a lot of money ) will change hands .
Google will go back to censoring filtering search results .
Everyone is happy .
Like my friend Paul O’Flaherty says ( although his reasoning is slightly different ) none of this holds up to any real hard scrutiny .
Finally and above all , Google is not a public service .
They are a business and their primary responsibility is not to their users but to their shareholders .
Leaving China would not be in their shareholders best interest .
Google are testing the waters to see if they can get a concession .
It would take some serious brass balls to pull out of the Chinese market and give their foothold over to competitors .
Brass balls , which for all Google has done in the past , I think are more like two rolled up socks stuffed down the underpants .
They may look impressive from afar , but they do n’t hold up to scrutiny .
In the end it ’s all smoke and mirrors during which once more the tech blogosphere gets played as a patsy ; but hey it ’s great for pageviews eh .
The Japanese city of Toyama is the political and economic hub of the Toyama prefecture , and the gateway to the Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route .
The area is very famous for its eastern medicine , particularly the “ Han - Gon - Han ” , mixture made from the extract of the musk bag of a deer , herbs and other animal medicinal sources .
Jinzukyo
The upper portion of the Jinzu River offers some of Toyoma Prefecture ’s most picturesque scenery .
The river cuts a deep gorge with steep cliffs .
On the right bank is a place know as “ Nobotoke - no - sato , ” where a myriad of stone buddhas reside .
Gohyakurakan ( Toyama Folk Craft Museum )
Here you can learn about Toyama ’s rich history and culture .
Visit the folk craft museum , ceramic art museum , folk customs information center , medicine information center , and other buildings in this village setting .
You can also stroll through the grounds of nearby Chokeiji , where more than 500 stone statues of Rakan , Buddha ’s disciples , are enshrined .
You may also like :
Watch out .
If you have ever had fantasies about group sex and shared them with another person , you have forfeited your right to say no to sex and can be lawfully raped .
This seems to be the judgment in a Bolton rape case at Preston crown court last week , when a woman was denied the right to have her alleged rapists put on trial .
Proceedings were stopped and five men were cleared of raping and conspiring to rape a 24 - year - old Liverpool woman after it emerged that she had confided online about her group sex fantasies .
She shared these fantasies with a Bolton man over the internet and then went to visit him .
She says her intention was to have sex with him and with no one else .
But when she arrived at his house , she was confronted by several men , some of whom allegedly raped her – though they denied doing so .
We will never know for sure what happened because the trial was halted when excerpts from the women 's MSN chatlogs were produced .
They showed her expressing fantasies about having an orgy .
Prosecutor Michael Leeming said : " There is material in the chatlogs from the complainant , who is prepared to entertain ideas of group sex with strangers , where , to use her words , ' her morals go out of the window ' …
This material does paint a wholly different light as far as this case is concerned …
We take the view that it would not be appropriate to offer any evidence . "
Judge Robert Brown concurred .
He ordered the jury to return not guilty verdicts for rape and conspiracy to rape against the five defendants , telling them : " This case depended on the complainant 's credibility … Not to put too fine a point on it , her credibility was shot to pieces . "
All nine media reports of this case give the same account .
I presume they are accurate .
If so , I am stunned that such sexist and moralistic thinking still exists in our courts in the 21st century .
The judge and prosecutor appear to have come close to suggesting that the alleged victim had , by sharing her group sex fantasies , invited the rape ; that given her racy sexual mores she had only herself to blame .
Having heard she was open to the idea of an orgy , the five men were , it seems , entitled to believe that she was theirs for the taking .
They could not be expected to restrain themselves , even after she allegedly said " no " .
If this was the case , such thinking appears to be a throwback to the days when rapists sometimes escaped justice by pleading that they were provoked by the sight of a woman walking alone at night wearing a short dress or a plunging neckline .
In other words , " provocative " women were to blame , not the rapists .
It was often suggested in the 1970s that women should modify their behaviour to ensure they did n't tempt the uncontrollable lusts of men .
Is n't this case an echo of that mentality ?
Based on the news reports , the decision to drop the rape charges seems to be riddled with misogyny .
When a person does not consent to sex , it is rape , regardless of their gender , social background , sexual history or erotic fantasies .
No means no – and there are , or should be , no exceptions .
Even if a person initially consents to sex , they have a right to change their mind and withdraw consent .
Sex after a person has said " no " or " stop " is rape – regardless of the person 's sexual fantasies and irrespective of whether they were previously chaste or promiscuous .
Rape is rape , period .
Having an adventurous sexual appetite and being a so - called " loose " woman or man should not place a person outside the protection of the law .
Yet in the Bolton case the alleged victim appears to have been judged , at least in part , by her sexual thoughts ; with the implication that her mere interest in the idea of group sex rendered her immoral and not a credible witness .
Unbelievable in 2010 !
Whatever you think about orgies , I know of no evidence that would - be orgy participants are less honest than other people and less credible as court witnesses .
How does fantasising about sex with multiple partners result in the woman 's credibility being " shot to pieces " , as the judge put it ?
Either she was raped or not .
That is the issue , not her erotic daydreams and online musings .
Court decisions should be based on relevant evidence , not on irrelevant MSN messages .
The prosecution ought to have revolved solely on the question of whether she consented and whether a rape took place .
The woman 's orgiastic fantasies and her sharing of them over the internet with a willing recipient is not a crime .
She was not inviting rape .
Group sex is sex with consent .
Rape is not .
People entertain all kinds of sexual fantasies , from sex with celebrities to SM bondage , midnight forest romps , bisexual threesomes and romantic mountain - top trysts .
Such fantasies may not turn you on , but I say : live and let live .
Harmless sexual imaginings should not be allowed to interfere with the dispensing of justice by our courts .
If the young woman was raped , I hope she appeals and wins , for the sake of all women – and men – everywhere .
Justice demands it .
No means no , always .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US security agencies had enough intelligence to disrupt a plot to blow up a plane last month , but failed to act , President Barack Obama has said .
The intelligence community had failed to " connect the dots " , Mr Obama said , adding : " That 's not acceptable , and I will not tolerate it . "
Enhanced airport screening and a review of the US watch - list system were ordered after the 25 December attempt .
A Nigerian man known to US officials has been charged over the alleged plot .
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , 23 , later gave " actionable " intelligence to US officials , the White House said .
His name was in a US database of about 550,000 suspected terrorists , but was not on a list that would have subjected him to additional security screening or kept him from boarding the flight to Detroit .
' Red flags '
Mr Abdulmutallab was allegedly trained in Yemen - a country that has come under increased scrutiny from the US since his arrest .
MARDELL'S AMERICA
The president does n't do anger easily , indeed was criticised for failing to emote fury after the plot itself , but it can't have been a comfortable meeting
Mark Mardell
BBC North America editor
Read Mark 's thoughts in full
The US suspended the repatriation of Yemeni prisoners from its Guantanamo Bay detention centre in the wake of the plot , but Mr Obama reiterated that he would push on with his plan eventually to close the prison .
Mr Obama spoke on Tuesday after being briefed on security reviews ordered after Mr Abdulmutallab 's arrest .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Defence Secretary Robert Gates , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , CIA Director Leon Panetta and FBI Director Robert Mueller were among those who attended the security meeting in Washington .
In his remarks , Mr Obama said the US intelligence community had known of " red flags " indicating plans by al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula to strike US targets in Yemen and the US .
He said officials now knew that al - Qaeda had been working with Mr Abdulmutallab .
" But our intelligence community failed to connect those dots , which would have placed the suspect on the no-fly list .
" In other words , this was not a failure to collect intelligence , it was a failure to integrate and understand the intelligence that we already had . "
Excerpts of Obama security speech Security measures around the world Can a human eye spot a bomb ?
He had stern words for the analysts and officers who had access to the information .
" I will accept that intelligence by its nature is imperfect , but it is increasingly clear that intelligence was not fully analysed or fully leveraged , " he said .
Mr Obama used sharper words during the closed - door meeting , the White House said .
" This was a screw - up that could have been disastrous , " it quoted him as telling officials .
" We dodged a bullet but just barely . "
Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair later said US intelligence agencies had to be able to stop such attempted attacks .
" The intelligence community received the president 's message today - we got it , and we are moving forward to meet the new challenges , " he said .
He added that intelligence officials had made " considerable progress " in collection and analysis of information and in improving collaboration , although they needed to strengthen their ability to stop " new tactics " .
Mr Blair 's position was created in the wake of the 11 September 2001 attacks in the US , amid efforts to improve intelligence co-ordination .
The White House said on Tuesday Mr Obama was standing by three of his top security officials , including Mr Blair .
But the BBC's Richard Lister in Washington says that given Mr Obama 's comments , it seems likely that there will be some kind of shake - up and that heads will roll .
Yemen security concern
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs told the media on Tuesday that Mr Abdulmutallab had " spent a number of hours with FBI investigators in which we gleaned usable , actionable intelligence " .
The suspect began his journey in Lagos , Nigeria , and changed planes at Schiphol airport in Amsterdam , in the Netherlands .
A diverse range of observers , in Yemen and abroad , agree that a heavy - handed counter - terrorism strategy will create more problems than it will solve
Will Yemen become a failed state ?
Nigeria , Somalia and Yemen were among the 14 countries singled out by Washington for enhanced security measures for travellers , introduced on Monday .
Countries considered by the US to be sponsors of terrorism - Cuba , Iran , Sudan and Syria - were also included .
The move sparked objections by some of the states .
Cuba said it had summoned the US ambassador to make a formal protest , the Associated Press news agency reported .
Since the incident , officials have moved dozens of names on to " watch " and " no- fly " lists , as they seek to overhaul security , a White House spokesman said on Tuesday .
Those on the watch - list are subject to extra security checks , while those on the no-fly list are not allowed to board flights to the US .
Yemen - based al - Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula said last week it had trained and equipped Mr Abdulmutallab for the plane plot .
The US re-opened its embassy in Yemen on Tuesday , following what it called successful counter - terrorism operations by government security forces on Monday north of the capital .
Yemeni authorities have tightened security measures at Sanaa 's airport , as well as around several other embassies .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CLEVELAND , Ohio --
A dramatic reform plan will close 18 Cleveland schools , while making top - to - bottom changes designed to boost dismal academic performance within five years .
The plan , announced Tuesday by Chief Executive Officer Eugene Sanders , is intended to better prepare students for college and careers , offer families more choices and demand accountability at all levels .
It could also mean teacher layoffs , principal reassignments and the wholesale replacement of staffs at some schools .
Sanders ' recommendations , which the board will vote on Feb. 23 , hinge on collaboration with the Cleveland teachers union , backing from the community and determining where he will come up with an estimated $ 70 million over three years to pay for the plan at a time when the school district faces a $ 53 million deficit .
Teachers union President David Quolke declined to comment on the plan until he has a chance to analyze it .
Plan for high schools
Growth
CSA
Design Lab
Garrett Morgan
High Tech High
John Hay Campus
MC2STEM
Success Tech
Whitney Young
Refocus
Jane Addams
Marshall / Shuler
MLK
Max Hayes
Margaret Ireland Complex
Rhodes
Repurpose
Lincoln West
John Adams
John F. Kennedy
Collinwood
Glenville
East Tech
Washington Park
Close
East
South
Relocate
Ginn ( to Glenville )
Move hospitality program from Jane Addams
Footnotes
* Relocates and repurposes to modify program to fit Glenville ; results in building closure at Spellacy
The " transformation plan " follows a school - by - school improvement strategy that is innovative and rare , said Michael Casserly , executive director of the Council of the Great City Schools , which represents the nation 's largest urban school districts .
He said a similar approach has been used successfully by districts such as Denver and Atlanta .
" The public should know . . . that what is being proposed here tonight is in harmony with the strategies of some of the fastest - improving urban school systems across the country , " Casserly said during a news conference Tuesday night .
" In fact , Cleveland would be on the leading edge of many of these reforms across the nation if it stays true to this initiative . "
More than 4,500 students will be assigned to new schools as a result of the closings , which take effect at the end of this school year .
Thousands more students will see dramatic differences in how they learn and how their schools are managed .
Almost all of the schools to be closed are on the East Side , which has been hit hard by foreclosure and is littered with abandoned homes .
The most notable names on the list are those of two high schools , South and East .
At 21 other schools , the district may replace principals and teachers , convert the buildings to charter schools or dramatically redesign the curriculum .
In all , Sanders wants to shake up or shut down more than a third of the system 's 110 schools .
Within five years , he hopes to get all schools out of academic emergency or watch , the state 's lowest rankings .
About three - fourths of the schools now fall into those categories .
Sanders also aims to hoist the graduation rate from 54 percent to 90 percent .
" If we stay on the incremental road we 're on , it may take 20 or 30 years for us to realize the kind of significant academic achievement we want for our students , " he said during a meeting with Plain Dealer editors and reporters .
" We have no other choice than to take bold steps . "
Sanders declined to say how many of the district 's 8,000 employees will lose their jobs , but he said layoffs are unavoidable as the schools seek to erase a $ 53 million deficit .
The central office will shoulder its fair share of the cuts , he promised .
Besides saving money , the plan , titled " Whatever it Takes , " also addresses a long , steep slide in enrollment .
The city 's public schools have about 50,000 students , down from more than 78,000 a decade ago .
Plan for K - 8 schools
Growth
Benjamin Franklin
Clara E Westropp
Clark
Douglas MacArthur
Girls Leadership Academy
CSA lower campus ( Dike )
Early Childhood Dev
Garfield
Louis Agassiz
Louisa May Alcott
Marion C Seltzer
Oliver H Perry
Riverside
Valley View
Boys Leadership Academy
Warner Girls Leadership Academy
Watterson - Lake
William C Bryant
Refocus
Andrew J Rickoff *
Buhrer *
Case
Charles W Eliot
Fullerton
Iowa - Maple
Joseph M Gallagher *
Luis Munoz Marin *
McKinley Nathan Hale *
Newton D Baker
Orchard
Patrick Henry *
Stokes Academy *
Sunbeam
Wade Park Wilbur Wright *
Repurpose
Buckeye - Woodland
Captain Arthur Roth
Charles Dickens
Franklin D Roosevelt
George W Carver
H Barbara Booker
Hannah Gibbons
Harvey Rice
Mary B Martin
Michael R White
Mound
Promise Academy
Robert H Jamison
Woodland Hills
Close
Albert B Hart *
Audubon *
Brooklawn
Charles Lake4
Empire Computech
Forest Hill
Parkway
Henry Longfellow
John D Rockefeller
John W Raper
Joseph F Landis
Robert Fulton
Alexander Graham Bell
Gracemount
Kenneth Clement
Tremont
Relocate or replace
Alexander Graham Bell ’s Deaf Education Program ( to Willson )
1
Gracemount gifted program ( to Whitney Young grade 2 - 12 gifted )
1
Kenneth Clement ( to new Euclid Park )
2
Thomas Jefferson -- opens new with newcomers ' program and Montessori program ( relocated from Tremont2 )
Willson opens new3
Footnotes
* Currently designated as a CMSD Turnaround school ;
1. Allows closing of existing buildings ; regular education students will be reassigned .
2. Allows closing of existing buildings .
3 . Will house Deaf Education Program as well as core K - 8 neighborhood school
4 . Already closed and will not be rebuilt
But the main intent is to improve the schools ' academic performance .
Doing so requires a full - scale overhaul , Sanders said Tuesday in the meeting at The Plain Dealer .
Mayor Frank Jackson , who under a state law controls the schools , said Sanders ' proposed reforms have the potential to make the district a leader in Northeast Ohio .
He said the plan 's success or failure will have consequences felt beyond the city 's borders .
" It will have significant impact on the viability of this region and the future of this region and the city of Cleveland , " Jackson said .
In deciding which schools to close , the district rated each building according to a system devised by management consultants .
The formula gave the most weight to academic performance , but also factored in building condition , enrollment and a school 's " culture , " which includes such things as violence and attendance .
" Growth schools , " the highest - rated group , will stay as is while gaining some extra freedom in management .
The next tier , " refocus schools , " are improving and will get added attention -- for example , leadership training -- to help continue their progress .
After that come the " repurpose schools , " which face staff changes or conversion to charters to give them a jolt .
The remaining schools will close , with students transferred to neighboring facilities unless they take advantage of citywide open enrollment .
High schools across the city will be divided into smaller academies of 400 to 600 students that are geared to areas like advanced placement or career specialties .
Some schools will isolate ninth - graders to guide them through a key transitional year .
Schools in Cleveland and elsewhere have experimented before with so - called " small schools . "
Cleveland 's versions were typically just " structural changes " and lacked true focus , said Eric Gordon , the district 's chief academic officer .
All - male Ginn Academy will move from temporary space in the old Margaret Spellacy School in the Collinwood area to Glenville High School , where namesake , founder and director Ted Ginn Sr. coaches football and a number of Ginn students are on the team .
A girls academy will be added to the high school , which will keep the Glenville name .
Whitney Young , a prospering school for gifted students in the sixth through 12th grades , will absorb gifted children in grades two through five from Gracemount Elementary School when it closes .
Elementary schools will emphasize literacy and math , while stepping up the rigor of instruction in the middle grades .
In some cases , schools will specialize in science or the arts or add health clinics , after - school programs and other services that provide support for families .
The plan does not spell out major expansion of the district 's innovation schools , though Sanders has indicated he has several concepts in mind .
An existing citywide draw , Tremont Montessori , will close and its program will be moved to another West Side school building .
The Kenneth Clement Boys Leadership Academy will close and move its program to the new Euclid Park Elementary , now under construction .
The closings will save money for the district 's continuing construction program .
About half the buildings to be shut down were scheduled for work ; others , where no work was planned , were labeled " maintain only . "
School officials had been expected to scuttle some of the building projects .
Money from a property tax that pays the program 's local expenses is running low and the state , which is providing a majority of the funding , was set to push for eliminating unnecessary work .
The transformation plan still faces significant hurdles , starting with financing .
Even as the district cuts spending in other areas , officials must raise an estimated $ 70 million to pay for reforms over the next three years , Sanders said .
He hopes to net $ 30 million from Race to the Top , President Barack Obama 's education - reform package ; $ 30 million from area foundations and the corporate community ; and $ 10 million from within , perhaps by getting concessions from employees .
Sanders said the district will eventually have to ask voters for a property tax increase but wo n't take that step until it has tightened its belt and improved its academic standing .
Race to the Top encourages collaboration between school districts and employees .
In Cleveland , Sanders may have to first mend his relationship with Quolke .
The union would have to sign off on reforms that might include linking continued employment to student achievement or letting principals hire staff without regard to seniority .
But Quolke is unhappy that teachers were left out of the transformation planning .
" I think collaboration is important , " Sanders said .
" I think teachers are absolutely vital to the success of this transformation .
But we also need results . "
The Mighty Ocean :
It had been a long day , fighting riptide , the jellyfishes , the ultimately horrible sand chaffing I got .
But I had done it .
I had defeated the mightest of foes , those that even sailors often met their final demise , in Davey Jones Locker .
I had fought the might Ocean and won .
Poseidon himself had not strength to fight the massive titan known as Dave .
Yup thats me , Dave the Ocean Slayer .
I mean really it never stood a chance .
You see all those footprints behind me ?
Well those are from people who could not defeat the ocean .
I am Dave hear me roar over the sound of the crashing waves .
I am also immune to the harmful rays of the sun , I did n’t even blister .
The ocean was a punk and I owned it .
Dave the ocean slayer .
“ We do n’t have visibility much beyond the middle of this year and much will depend on how the economy behaves , ” Michael J. Cavanagh , the bank ’s finance chief , said in a conference call with journalists .
Across the industry , analysts expect investment banking revenue to moderate this year and tighter regulations to dampen profit .
As consumers and businesses continue to hunker down , lending has also fallen .
Just as it did throughout 2009 , JPMorgan
Chase pulled off a quarterly profit after the strong performance of its investment bank helped offset large losses on mortgages and credit cards .
The bank set aside another $ 1.9 billion for its consumer loan loss reserves  a hefty sum , but less than in previous periods .
That could be a sign that bank executives are more comfortable that the economy may be turning a corner .
The bank has now stockpiled more than $ 32.5 billion to cover future losses .
Still , Mr. Dimon warned that the economy was still too fragile to declare that the worst was over , though he hinted that things might stabilize toward the middle of the year .
“ We want to see a real recovery , just in case you have another dip down , ” he said in a conference call with investors .
Earlier , Mr. Cavanagh said that the bank hoped to restore the dividend to 75 cents or $ 1 by the middle of 2010 , from 20 cents at present .
Over all , JPMorgan said 2009 net income rose to $ 11.7 billion , or $ 2.26 a share .
That compares with a profit of $ 5.6 billion , or $ 1.35 a share , during 2008 , when panic gripped the industry .
Revenue grew to a record $ 108.6 billion , up 49 percent .
Image Jamie Dimon , head of JPMorgan , opposed the proposed tax on the largest financial companies , the only chief to do so publicly .
Credit ... Jay Mallin/ Bloomberg News
JPMorgan has emerged from the financial crisis with renewed swagger .
Unlike several other banking chiefs , Mr. Dimon has entered 2010 with his reputation relatively unscathed .
Indeed , he is regarded on Wall Street and in Washington as a pillar of the industry .
On Wednesday on Capitol Hill , during a hearing of the government panel charged with examining the causes of the financial crisis , Mr. Dimon avoided the grilling given to Lloyd C. Blankfein , the head of Goldman Sachs .
Mr. Dimon was also the only banker to publicly oppose the administration ’s proposed tax on the largest financial companies .
Moreover , JPMorgan appears have taken advantage of the financial crisis to expand its consumer lending business and vault to the top of the investment banking charts , including a top - flight ranking as a fee - earner .
Over all , the investment bank posted a $ 6.9 billion profit for 2009 after a $ 1.2 billion loss in 2008 when the bank took huge charges on soured mortgage investments and buyout loans .
last week : # 15 weeks on chart : 5 stats
last week : # 14 weeks on chart : 5 stats
last week : # 18 weeks on chart : 6 stats
last week : # 9 weeks on chart : 32 stats
last week : # 10 weeks on chart : 5 stats
last week : # 11 weeks on chart : 23 stats
last week : # 16 weeks on chart : 8 stats
last week : # 17 weeks on chart : 4 stats
last week : # 13 weeks on chart : 36 stats
last week : # 8 weeks on chart : 22 stats
last week : — weeks on chart : 1 stats
last week : # 7 weeks on chart : 17 stats
last week : # 5 weeks on chart : 6 stats
last week : # 12 weeks on chart : 6 stats
last week : # 6 weeks on chart : 4 stats
last week : # 4 weeks on chart : 4 stats
last week : # 3 weeks on chart : 2 stats
last week : — weeks on chart : 1 stats
last week : # 2 weeks on chart : 15 stats
last week : # 1 weeks on chart : 64 stats
Our best - selling t- shirts and how they rank
Check out our full catalog .
More shirts & fun & shirts !
« prev day of reckoning # 685
4 days 14 hrs til the day of reckoning
Bystanders Shirts too new to be Reckoned ...
For now ...
W
T
F
S
S
Danger Zone
Not every shirt can be a champion
Islam must seem a paradoxical religion to non-Muslims .
On the one hand , it is constantly being portrayed as the religion of peace ; on the other , its adherents are responsible for the majority of terror attacks around the world .
Apologists for Islam emphasize that it is a faith built upon high ethical standards ; others stress that it is a religion of the law .
Islam 's dual notions of truth and falsehood further reveal its paradoxical nature :
While the Qur'an is against believers deceiving other believers — for " surely God guides not him who is prodigal and a liar " [ 1 ] — deception directed at non-Muslims , generally known in Arabic as taqiyya , also has Qur'anic support and falls within the legal category of things that are permissible for Muslims .
Muslim deception can be viewed as a slightly less than noble means to the glorious end of Islamic hegemony under Shari'a , which is seen as good for both Muslims and non-Muslims .
In this sense , lying in the service of altruism is permissible .
In a recent example , Muslim cleric Mahmoud al - Masri publicly recounted a story where a Muslim lied and misled a Jew into converting to Islam , calling it a " beautiful trick . "
offers two basic uses .
The better known revolves around dissembling over one 's religious identity when in fear of persecution .
Such has been the historical usage ofamong Shi'i communities whenever and wherever their Sunni rivals have outnumbered and thus threatened them .
Conversely , Sunni Muslims , far from suffering persecution have , whenever capability allowed , waged jihad against the realm of unbelief ; and it is here that they have deployed — not as dissimulation but as active deceit .
In fact , deceit , which is doctrinally grounded in Islam , is often depicted as being equal — sometimes superior — to other universal military virtues , such as courage , fortitude , or self - sacrifice .
Yet if Muslims are exhorted to be truthful , how can deceit not only be prevalent but have divine sanction ?
What exactly is taqiyya ?
How is it justified by scholars and those who make use of it ?
How does it fit into a broader conception of Islam 's code of ethics , especially in relation to the non-Muslim ?
More to the point , what ramifications does the doctrine of taqiyya have for all interaction between Muslims and non-Muslims ?
The Doctrine of Taqiyya
According to Shari'a — the body of legal rulings that defines how a Muslim should behave in all circumstances — deception is not only permitted in certain situations but may be deemed obligatory in others .
Contrary to early Christian tradition , for instance , Muslims who were forced to choose between recanting Islam or suffering persecution were permitted to lie and feign apostasy .
Other jurists have decreed that Muslims are obligated to lie in order to preserve themselves , [ 2 ] based on Qur'anic verses forbidding Muslims from being instrumental in their own deaths . [ 3 ]
This is the classic definition of the doctrine of taqiyya .
Based on an Arabic word denoting fear , taqiyya has long been understood , especially by Western academics , as something to resort to in times of religious persecution and , for the most part , used in this sense by minority Shi'i groups living among hostile Sunni majorities .
[ 4 ]
Taqiyya allowed the Shi'a to dissemble their religious affiliation in front of the Sunnis on a regular basis , not merely by keeping clandestine about their own beliefs but by actively praying and behaving as if they were Sunnis .
However , one of the few books devoted to the subject , At - Taqiyya fi'l - Islam ( Dissimulation in Islam ) makes it clear that taqiyya is not limited to Shi'a dissimulating in fear of persecution .
Written by Sami Mukaram , a former Islamic studies professor at the American University of Beirut and author of some twenty - five books on Islam , the book clearly demonstrates the ubiquity and broad applicability of taqiyya :
Taqiyya is of fundamental importance in Islam .
Practically every Islamic sect agrees to it and practices it …
We can go so far as to say that the practice of taqiyya is mainstream in Islam , and that those few sects not practicing it diverge from the mainstream … Taqiyya is very prevalent in Islamic politics , especially in the modern era . [ 5 ]
Taqiyya is , therefore , not , as is often supposed , an exclusively Shi'i phenomenon .
Of course , as a minority group interspersed among their Sunni enemies , the Shi'a have historically had more reason to dissemble .
Conversely , Sunni Islam rapidly dominated vast empires from Spain to China .
As a result , its followers were beholden to no one , had nothing to apologize for , and had no need to hide from the infidel nonbeliever ( rare exceptions include Spain and Portugal during the Reconquista when Sunnis did dissimulate over their religious identity [ 6 ] ) .
Ironically , however , Sunnis living in the West today find themselves in the place of the Shi'a :
Now they are the minority surrounded by their traditional enemies — Christian infidels — even if the latter , as opposed to their Reconquista predecessors , rarely act on , let alone acknowledge , this historic enmity .
In short , Sunnis are currently experiencing the general circumstances that made taqiyya integral to Shi'ism although without the physical threat that had so necessitated it .
The Articulation of Taqiyya
Qur'anic verse 3:28 is often seen as the primary verse that sanctions deception towards non-Muslims : " Let believers [ Muslims ] not take infidels [ non- Muslims ] for friends and allies instead of believers .
Whoever does this shall have no relationship left with God—unless you but guard yourselves against them , taking precautions . " [ 7 ]
Muhammad ibn Jarir at - Tabari ( d. 923 ) , author of a standard and authoritative Qur'an commentary , explains verse 3:28 as follows :
If you [ Muslims ] are under their [ non- Muslims ' ] authority , fearing for yourselves , behave loyally to them with your tongue while harboring inner animosity for them … [ know that ]
God has forbidden believers from being friendly or on intimate terms with the infidels rather than other believers — except when infidels are above them [ in authority ] .
Should that be the case , let them act friendly towards them while preserving their religion . [ 8 ]
Regarding Qur'an 3:28 , Ibn Kathir ( d. 1373 ) , another prime authority on the Qur'an , writes , " Whoever at any time or place fears … evil [ from non-Muslims ] may protect himself through outward show . "
As proof of this , he quotes Muhammad 's close companion Abu Darda , who said , " Let us grin in the face of some people while our hearts curse them . "
Another companion , simply known as Al - Hasan , said , " Doing taqiyya is acceptable till the Day of Judgment [ i.e. , in perpetuity ] . " [ 9 ]
Other prominent scholars , such as Abu ' Abdullah al - Qurtubi ( 1214 - 73 ) and Muhyi 'd - Din ibn al - Arabi ( 1165 - 1240 ) , have extended taqiyya to cover deeds .
In other words , Muslims can behave like infidels and worse — for example , by bowing down and worshiping idols and crosses , offering false testimony , and even exposing the weaknesses of their fellow Muslims to the infidel enemy — anything short of actually killing a Muslim : " Taqiyya , even if committed without duress , does not lead to a state of infidelity — even if it leads to sin deserving of hellfire . " [ 10 ]
Deceit in Muhammad 's Military Exploits
Muhammad — whose example as the " most perfect human " is to be followed in every detail — took an expedient view on lying .
It is well known , for instance , that he permitted lying in three situations : to reconcile two or more quarreling parties , to placate one 's wife , and in war . [ 11 ]
According to one Arabic legal manual devoted to jihad as defined by the four schools of law , " The ulema agree that deception during warfare is legitimate … deception is a form of art in war . " [ 12 ]
Moreover , according to Mukaram , this deception is classified as taqiyya : " Taqiyya in order to dupe the enemy is permissible . " [ 13 ]
Several ulema believe deceit is integral to the waging of war : Ibn al - ' Arabi declares that " in the Hadith [ sayings and actions of Muhammad ] , practicing deceit in war is well demonstrated .
Indeed , its need is more stressed than the need for courage . "
Ibn al - Munir ( d. 1333 ) writes , " War is deceit , i.e. , the most complete and perfect war waged by a holy warrior is a war of deception , not confrontation , due to the latter 's inherent danger , and the fact that one can attain victory through treachery without harm [ to oneself ] . "
And Ibn Hajar ( d. 1448 ) counsels Muslims " to take great caution in war , while [ publicly ] lamenting and mourning in order to dupe the infidels . " [ 14 ]
This Muslim notion that war is deceit goes back to the Battle of the Trench ( 627 ) , which pitted Muhammad and his followers against several non-Muslim tribes known as Al - Ahzab .
One of the Ahzab , Na'im ibn Mas'ud , went to the Muslim camp and converted to Islam .
When Muhammad discovered that the Ahzab were unaware of their co-tribalist 's conversion , he counseled Mas'ud to return and try to get the pagan forces to abandon the siege .
It was then that Muhammad memorably declared , " For war is deceit . "
Mas'ud returned to the Ahzab without their knowing that he had switched sides and intentionally began to give his former kin and allies bad advice .
He also went to great lengths to instigate quarrels between the various tribes until , thoroughly distrusting each other , they disbanded , lifted the siege from the Muslims , and saved Islam from destruction in an embryonic period . [ 15 ]
Most recently , 9/11 accomplices , such as Khalid Sheikh Muhammad , rationalized their conspiratorial role in their defendant response by evoking their prophet 's assertion that " war is deceit . "
A more compelling expression of the legitimacy of deceiving infidels is the following anecdote .
A poet , Ka'b ibn Ashraf , offended Muhammad , prompting the latter to exclaim , " Who will kill this man who has hurt God and his prophet ? "
A young Muslim named Muhammad ibn Maslama volunteered on condition that in order to get close enough to Ka'b to assassinate him , he be allowed to lie to the poet .
Muhammad agreed .
Ibn Maslama traveled to Ka'b and began to denigrate Islam and Muhammad .
He carried on in this way till his disaffection became so convincing that Ka'b took him into his confidence .
Soon thereafter , Ibn Maslama appeared with another Muslim and , while Ka'b 's guard was down , killed him . [ 16 ]
Muhammad said other things that cast deception in a positive light , such as " God has commanded me to equivocate among the people just as he has commanded me to establish [ religious ] obligations " ; and " I have been sent with obfuscation " ; and " whoever lives his life in dissimulation dies a martyr . " [ 17 ]
In short , the earliest historical records of Islam clearly attest to the prevalence of taqiyya as a form of Islamic warfare .
Furthermore , early Muslims are often depicted as lying their way out of binds — usually by denying or insulting Islam or Muhammad — often to the approval of the latter , his only criterion being that their intentions ( niya ) be pure . [ 18 ]
During wars with Christians , whenever the latter were in authority , the practice of taqiyya became even more integral .
Mukaram states , " Taqiyya was used as a way to fend off danger from the Muslims , especially in critical times and when their borders were exposed to wars with the Byzantines and , afterwards , to the raids [ crusades ] of the Franks and others . " [ 19 ]
Taqiyya in Qur'anic Revelation
The Qur'an itself is further testimony to taqiyya .
Since
God is believed to be the revealer of these verses , he is by default seen as the ultimate perpetrator of deceit — which is not surprising since he is described in the Qur'an as the best makar , that is , the best deceiver or schemer ( e.g. , 3:54 , 8:30 , 10:21 ) .
While other scriptures contain contradictions , the Qur'an is the only holy book whose commentators have evolved a doctrine to account for the very visible shifts which occur from one injunction to another .
No careful reader will remain unaware of the many contradictory verses in the Qur'an , most specifically the way in which peaceful and tolerant verses lie almost side by side with violent and intolerant ones .
The ulema were initially baffled as to which verses to codify into the Shari 'a worldview — the one that states there is no coercion in religion ( 2:256 ) , or the ones that command believers to fight all non-Muslims till they either convert , or at least submit , to Islam ( 8:39 , 9:5 , 9:29 ) .
To get out of this quandary , the commentators developed the doctrine of abrogation , which essentially maintains that verses revealed later in Muhammad 's career take precedence over earlier ones whenever there is a discrepancy .
In order to document which verses abrogated which , a religious science devoted to the chronology of the Qur'an 's verses evolved ( known as an - Nasikh wa'l Mansukh , the abrogater and the abrogated ) .
But why the contradiction in the first place ?
The standard view is that in the early years of Islam , since Muhammad and his community were far outnumbered by their infidel competitors while living next to them in Mecca , a message of peace and coexistence was in order .
However , after the Muslims migrated to Medina in 622 and grew in military strength , verses inciting them to go on the offensive were slowly " revealed " — in principle , sent down from God — always commensurate with Islam 's growing capabilities .
In juridical texts , these are categorized in stages : passivity vis-á - vis aggression ; permission to fight back against aggressors ; commands to fight aggressors ; commands to fight all non-Muslims , whether the latter begin aggressions or not . [ 20 ]
Growing Muslim might is the only variable that explains this progressive change in policy .
Other scholars put a gloss on this by arguing that over a twenty - two year period , the Qur'an was revealed piecemeal , from passive and spiritual verses to legal prescriptions and injunctions to spread the faith through jihad and conquest , simply to acclimate early Muslim converts to the duties of Islam , lest they be discouraged at the outset by the dramatic obligations that would appear in later verses . [ 21 ]
Verses revealed towards the end of Muhammad 's career — such as , " Warfare is prescribed for you though you hate it " [ 22 ] — would have been out of place when warfare was actually out of the question .
However interpreted , the standard view on Qur'anic abrogation concerning war and peace verses is that when Muslims are weak and in a minority position , they should preach and behave according to the ethos of the Meccan verses ( peace and tolerance ) ; when strong , however , they should go on the offensive on the basis of what is commanded in the Medinan verses ( war and conquest ) .
The vicissitudes of Islamic history are a testimony to this dichotomy , best captured by the popular Muslim notion , based on a hadith , that , if possible , jihad should be performed by the hand ( force ) , if not , then by the tongue ( through preaching ) ; and , if that is not possible , then with the heart or one 's intentions . [ 23 ]
War Is Eternal
That Islam legitimizes deceit during war is , of course , not all that astonishing ; after all , as the Elizabethan writer John Lyly put it , " All 's fair in love and war . " [ 24 ]
Other non-Muslim philosophers and strategists — such as Sun Tzu , Machiavelli , and Thomas Hobbes — justified deceit in warfare .
Deception of the enemy during war is only common sense .
The crucial difference in Islam , however , is that war against the infidel is a perpetual affair — until , in the words of the Qur'an , " all chaos ceases , and all religion belongs to God . " [ 25 ]
In his entry on jihad from the Encyclopaedia of Islam , Emile Tyan states : " The duty of the jihad exists as long as the universal domination of Islam has not been attained .
Peace with non-Muslim nations is , therefore , a provisional state of affairs only ; the chance of circumstances alone can justify it temporarily . " [ 26 ]
Moreover , going back to the doctrine of abrogation , Muslim scholars such as Ibn Salama ( d. 1020 ) agree that Qur'an 9:5 , known as ayat as - sayf or the sword verse , has abrogated some 124 of the more peaceful Meccan verses , including " every other verse in the Qur'an , which commands or implies anything less than a total offensive against the nonbelievers . " [ 27 ]
In fact , all four schools of Sunni jurisprudence agree that " jihad is when Muslims wage war on infidels , after having called on them to embrace Islam or at least pay tribute [ jizya ] and live in submission , and the infidels refuse . " [ 28 ]
Obligatory jihad is best expressed by Islam 's dichotomized worldview that pits the realm of Islam against the realm of war .
The first , dar al - Islam , is the " realm of submission , " the world where Shari 'a governs ; the second , dar al - Harb ( the realm of war ) , is the non-Islamic world .
A struggle continues until the realm of Islam subsumes the non-Islamic world — a perpetual affair that continues to the present day .
The renowned Muslim historian and philosopher Ibn Khaldun ( d. 1406 ) clearly articulates this division :
In the Muslim community , jihad is a religious duty because of the universalism of the Muslim mission and the obligation to convert everybody to Islam either by persuasion or by force .
The other religious groups did not have a universal mission , and the jihad was not a religious duty for them , save only for purposes of defense .
But Islam is under obligation to gain power over other nations . [ 29 ]
Finally and all evidence aside , lest it still appear unreasonable for a faith with over one billion adherents to obligate unprovoked warfare in its name , it is worth noting that the expansionist jihad is seen as an altruistic endeavor , not unlike the nineteenth century ideology of " the white man 's burden . "
The logic is that the world , whether under democracy , socialism , communism , or any other system of governance , is inevitably living in bondage — a great sin , since the good of all humanity is found in living in accordance to God 's law .
In this context , Muslim deception can be viewed as a slightly less than noble means to a glorious end — Islamic hegemony under Shari 'a rule , which is seen as good for both Muslims and non-Muslims .
This view has an ancient pedigree : Soon after the death of Muhammad ( 634 ) , as the jihad fighters burst out of the Arabian peninsula , a soon - to - be conquered Persian commander asked the invading Muslims what they wanted .
They memorably replied as follows :
God has sent us and brought us here so that we may free those who desire from servitude to earthly rulers and make them servants of God , that we may change their poverty into wealth and free them from the tyranny and chaos of [ false ] religions and bring them to the justice of Islam .
He has sent us to bring his religion to all his creatures and call them to Islam .
Whoever accepts it from us will be safe , and we shall leave him alone ; but whoever refuses , we shall fight until we fulfill the promise of God . [ 30 ]
Fourteen hundred years later — in March 2009 — Saudi legal expert Basem Alem publicly echoed this view :
As a member of the true religion , I have a greater right to invade [ others ] in order to impose a certain way of life [ according to Shari'a ] , which history has proven to be the best and most just of all civilizations .
This is the true meaning of offensive jihad .
When we wage jihad , it is not in order to convert people to Islam , but in order to liberate them from the dark slavery in which they live . [ 31 ]
And it should go without saying that taqiyya in the service of altruism is permissible .
For example , only recently , after publicly recounting a story where a Muslim tricked a Jew into converting to Islam — warning him that if he tried to abandon Islam , Muslims would kill him as an apostate — Muslim cleric Mahmoud al - Masri called it a " beautiful trick . " [ 32 ]
After all , from an Islamic point of view , it was the Jew who , in the end , benefitted from the deception , which brought him to Islam .
Treaties and Truces
The perpetual nature of jihad is highlighted by the fact that , based on the 10 - year treaty of Hudaybiya ( 628 ) , ratified between Muhammad and his Quraysh opponents in Mecca , most jurists are agreed that ten years is the maximum amount of time Muslims can be at peace with infidels ; once the treaty has expired , the situation needs to be reappraised .
Based on Muhammad 's example of breaking the treaty after two years ( by claiming a Quraysh infraction ) , the sole function of the truce is to buy weakened Muslims time to regroup before renewing the offensive : [ 33 ]
" By their very nature , treaties must be of temporary duration , for in Muslim legal theory , the normal relations between Muslim and non-Muslim territories are not peaceful , but warlike . " [ 34 ]
Hence " the fuqaha [ jurists ] are agreed that open - ended truces are illegitimate if Muslims have the strength to renew the war against them [ non-Muslims ] . " [ 35 ]
Even though Shari 'a mandates Muslims to abide by treaties , they have a way out , one open to abuse :
If Muslims believe — even without solid evidence — that their opponents are about to break the treaty , they can preempt by breaking it first .
Moreover , some Islamic schools of law , such as the Hanafi , assert that Muslim leaders may abrogate treaties merely if it seems advantageous for Islam . [ 36 ]
This is reminiscent of the following canonical hadith : " If you ever take an oath to do something and later on you find that something else is better , then you should expiate your oath and do what is better . " [ 37 ]
And what is better , what is more altruistic , than to make God 's word supreme by launching the jihad anew whenever possible ?
Traditionally , Muslim rulers held to a commitment to launch a jihad at least once every year .
This ritual is most noted with the Ottoman sultans , who spent half their lives in the field . [ 38 ]
So important was the duty of jihad that the sultans were not permitted to perform the pilgrimage to Mecca , an individual duty for each Muslim .
Their leadership of the jihad allowed this communal duty to continue ; without them , it would have fallen into desuetude . [ 39 ]
In short , the prerequisite for peace or reconciliation is Muslim advantage .
This is made clear in an authoritative Sunni legal text , Umdat as - Salik , written by a fourteenth - century Egyptian scholar , Ahmad Ibn Naqib al - Misri : " There must be some benefit [ maslaha ] served in making a truce other than the status quo :
' So do not be fainthearted and call for peace when it is you who are uppermost [ Qur'an 47:35 ] . ' " [ 40 ]
More recently , and of great significance for Western leaders advocating cooperation with Islamists , Yasser Arafat , soon after negotiating a peace treaty criticized as conceding too much to Israel , addressed an assembly of Muslims in a mosque in Johannesburg where he justified his actions : " I see this agreement as being no more than the agreement signed between our Prophet Muhammad and the Quraysh in Mecca . " [ 41 ]
In other words , like Muhammad , Arafat gave his word only to annul it once " something better " came along — that is , once the Palestinians became strong enough to renew the offensive and continue on the road to Jerusalem .
Elsewhere , Hudaybiya has appeared as a keyword for radical Islamists .
The Moro Islamic Liberation Front had three training camps within the Camp Abu Bakar complex in the Philippines , one of which was named Camp Hudaybiya . [ 42 ]
Hostility Disguised As Grievance
In their statements directed at European or American audiences , Islamists maintain that the terrorism they direct against the West is merely reciprocal treatment for decades of Western and Israeli oppression .
Yet in writings directed to their fellow Muslims , this animus is presented , not as a reaction to military or political provocation but as a product of religious obligation .
For instance , when addressing Western audiences , Osama bin Laden lists any number of grievances as motivating his war on the West — from the oppression of the Palestinians to the Western exploitation of women , and even U.S. failure to sign the environmental Kyoto protocol — all things intelligible from a Western perspective .
Never once , however , does he justify Al - Qaeda 's attacks on Western targets simply because non-Muslim countries are infidel entities that must be subjugated .
Indeed , he often initiates his messages to the West by saying , " Reciprocal treatment is part of justice " or " Peace to whoever follows guidance " [ 43 ] — though he means something entirely different than what his Western listeners understand by words such as " peace , " " justice , " or " guidance . "
It is when bin Laden speaks to fellow Muslims that the truth comes out .
When a group of prominent Muslims wrote an open letter to the American people soon after the strikes of 9/11 , saying that Islam seeks to peacefully coexist , [ 44 ] bin Laden wrote to castigate them :
As to the relationship between Muslims and infidels , this is summarized by the Most High 's Word : " We [ Muslims ] renounce you [ non-Muslims ] .
Enmity and hate shall forever reign between us — till you believe in God alone " [ Qur 'an 60:4 ] .
So there is an enmity , evidenced by fierce hostility from the heart .
And this fierce hostility — that is , battle — ceases only if the infidel submits to the authority of Islam , or if his blood is forbidden from being shed [ i.e. , a dhimmi , or protected minority ] , or if Muslims are at that point in time weak and incapable .
But if the hate at any time extinguishes from the heart , this is great apostasy ! ...
Such then is the basis and foundation of the relationship between the infidel and the Muslim .
Battle , animosity , and hatred — directed from the Muslim to the infidel — is the foundation of our religion .
And we consider this a justice and kindness to them . [ 45 ]
Mainstream Islam 's four schools of jurisprudence lend their support to this hostile Weltanschauung by speaking of the infidel in similar terms .
Bin Laden 's addresses to the West with his talk of justice and peace are clear instances of taqiyya .
He is not only waging a physical jihad but a propaganda war , that is , a war of deceit .
If he can convince the West that the current conflict is entirely its fault , he garners greater sympathy for his cause .
At the same time , he knows that if Americans were to realize that nothing short of their submission can ever bring peace , his propaganda campaign would be quickly compromised .
Hence the constant need to dissemble and to cite grievances , for , as bin Laden 's prophet asserted , " War is deceit . "
Implications
Taqiyya presents a range of ethical dilemmas .
Anyone who truly believes that God justifies and , through his prophet 's example , even encourages deception will not experience any ethical qualms over lying .
Consider the case of ' Ali Mohammad , bin Laden 's first " trainer " and long - time Al - Qaeda operative .
An Egyptian , he was initially a member of Islamic Jihad and had served in the Egyptian army 's military intelligence unit .
After 1984 , he worked for a time with the CIA in Germany .
Though considered untrustworthy , he managed to get to California where he enlisted in the U.S. Army .
It seems likely that he continued to work in some capacity for the CIA .
He later trained jihadists in the United States and Afghanistan and was behind several terror attacks in Africa .
People who knew him regarded him with " fear and awe for his incredible self - confidence , his inability to be intimidated , absolute ruthless determination to destroy the enemies of Islam , and his zealous belief in the tenets of militant Islamic fundamentalism . " [ 46 ]
Indeed , this sentence sums it all up :
For a zealous belief in Islam 's tenets , which legitimize deception in order to make God 's word supreme , will certainly go a long way in creating " incredible self - confidence " when lying . [ 47 ]
Yet most Westerners continue to think that Muslim mores , laws , and ethical constraints are near identical to those of the Judeo - Christian tradition .
Naively or arrogantly , today 's multiculturalist leaders project their own worldview onto Islamists , thinking a handshake and smiles across a cup of coffee , as well as numerous concessions , are enough to dismantle the power of God 's word and centuries of unchanging tradition .
The fact remains : Right and wrong in Islam have little to do with universal standards but only with what Islam itself teaches — much of which is antithetical to Western norms .
It must , therefore , be accepted that , contrary to long - held academic assumptions , the doctrine of taqiyya goes far beyond Muslims engaging in religious dissimulation in the interest of self - preservation and encompasses deception of the infidel enemy in general .
This phenomenon should provide a context for Shi'i Iran 's zeal — taqiyya being especially second nature to Shi'ism — to acquire nuclear power while insisting that its motives are entirely peaceful .
Nor is taqiyya confined to overseas affairs .
Walid Phares of the National Defense University has lamented that homegrown Islamists are operating unfettered on American soil due to their use of taqiyya : " Does our government know what this doctrine is all about and , more importantly , are authorities educating the body of our defense apparatus regarding this stealthy threat dormant among us ? " [ 48 ]
After the Fort Hood massacre , when Nidal Malik Hasan , an American - Muslim who exhibited numerous Islamist signs which were ignored , killed thirteen fellow servicemen and women , one is compelled to respond in the negative .
This , then , is the dilemma : Islamic law unambiguously splits the world into two perpetually warring halves — the Islamic world versus the non-Islamic — and holds it to be God 's will for the former to subsume the latter .
Yet if war with the infidel is a perpetual affair , if war is deceit , and if deeds are justified by intentions — any number of Muslims will naturally conclude that they have a divinely sanctioned right to deceive , so long as they believe their deception serves to aid Islam " until all chaos ceases , and all religion belongs to God . " [ 49 ]
Such deception will further be seen as a means to an altruistic end .
Muslim overtures for peace , dialogue , or even temporary truces must be seen in this light , evoking the practical observations of philosopher James Lorimer , uttered over a century ago : " So long as Islam endures , the reconciliation of its adherents , even with Jews and Christians , and still more with the rest of mankind , must continue to be an insoluble problem . " [ 50 ]
In closing , whereas it may be more appropriate to talk of " war and peace " as natural corollaries in a Western context , when discussing Islam , it is more accurate to talk of " war and deceit . "
For , from an Islamic point of view , times of peace — that is , whenever Islam is significantly weaker than its infidel rivals — are times of feigned peace and pretense , in a word , taqiyya .
Raymond Ibrahim is associate director of the Middle East Forum .
[ 1 ] Qur'an 40:28 .
[ 2 ] Fakhr ad - Din ar - Razi , At - Tafsir al - Kabir ( Beirut : Dar al - Kutub al - ' Ilmiya , 2000 ) , vol. 10 , p. 98 .
[ 3 ] Qur'an 2:195 , 4:29 .
[ 4 ]
Paul E. Walker , The Oxford Encyclopedia of Islam in the Modern World , John Esposito , ed. ( New York : Oxford University Press , 2001 ) , vol. 4 , s.v. " Taqiyah , " pp. 186-7 ; Ibn Babuyah , A Shi'ite Creed , A. A. A. Fyzee , trans .
( London : n.p. , 1942 ) , pp. 110-2 ; Etan Kohlberg , " Some Imami - Shi'i Views on Taqiyya , " Journal of the American Oriental Society , 95 ( 1975 ) : 395-402 .
[ 5 ] Sami Mukaram , At - Taqiyya fi 'l - Islam ( London : Mu'assisat at - Turath ad - Druzi , 2004 ) , p. 7 , author 's translation .
[ 6 ]
Devin Stewart , " Islam in Spain after the Reconquista , " Emory University , p. 2 , accessed Nov. 27 , 2009 .
[ 7 ]
See also Quran 2:173 , 2:185 , 4:29 , 16:106 , 22:78 , 40:28 , verses cited by Muslim jurisprudents as legitimating taqiyya .
[ 8 ]
Abu Ja'far Muhammad at - Tabari , Jami ' al - Bayan 'an ta'wil ayi'l - Qur 'an al - Ma'ruf : Tafsir at - Tabari ( Beirut : Dar Ihya ' at - Turath al - ' Arabi , 2001 ) , vol. 3 , p. 267 , author 's translation .
[ 9 ] ' Imad ad - Din Isma'il Ibn Kathir , Tafsir al - Qur 'an al - Karim ( Beirut : Dar al - Kutub al - ' Ilmiya , 2001 ) , vol. 1 , p. 350 , author 's translation .
[ 10 ] Mukaram , At - Taqiyya fi 'l - Islam , pp. 30 - 7 .
[ 11 ] Imam Muslim , " Kitab al - Birr wa's - Salat , Bab Tahrim al - Kidhb wa Bayan al - Mubih Minhu , " Sahih Muslim , rev. ed. , Abdul Hamid Siddiqi , trans .
( New Delhi : Kitab Bhavan , 2000 ) .
[ 12 ] Ahmad Mahmud Karima , Al - Jihad fi'l Islam : Dirasa Fiqhiya Muqarina ( Cairo : Al - Azhar , 2003 ) , p. 304 , author 's translation .
[ 13 ]
Mukaram , At - Taqiyya fi 'l - Islam , p. 32 .
[ 14 ] Raymond Ibrahim , The Al Qaeda Reader ( New York : Doubleday , 2007 ) , pp. 142-3 .
[ 15 ] Mukaram , At - Taqiyya fi 'l - Islam , pp. 32-3 .
[ 16 ]
Ibn Ishaq , The Life of Muhammad ( Karachi : Oxford University Press , 1997 ) , pp. 367-8 .
[ 17 ]
Shihab ad - Din Muhammad al - Alusi al - Baghdadi , Ruh al - Ma'ani fi Tafsir al - Qur 'an al - ' Azim wa' l - Saba ' al - Mithani ( Beirut : Dar al - Kutub al - ' Ilmiya , 2001 ) , vol. 2 , p. 118 , author 's translation .
[ 18 ] Mukaram , At - Taqiyya fi 'l - Islam , pp. 11-2 .
[ 19 ] Ibid. , pp. 41 -2 .
[ 20 ]
Ibn Qayyim , Tafsir , in Abd al - ' Aziz bin Nasir al - Jalil , At - Tarbiya al - Jihadiya fi Daw ' al - Kitab wa 's - Sunna ( Riyahd : n.p. , 2003 ) , pp. 36 - 43 .
[ 21 ]
Mukaram , At - Taqiyya fi 'l - Islam , p. 20 .
[ 22 ] Qur'an 2 : 216 .
[ 23 ]
Yahya bin Sharaf ad - Din an - Nawawi , An - Nawawi's Forty Hadiths , p. 16 , accessed Aug. 1 , 2009 .
[ 24 ] John Lyly , Euphues : The Anatomy of Wit ( London , 1578 ) , p. 236 .
[ 25 ] Qur'an 8:39 .
[ 26 ] Emile Tyan , The Encyclopedia of Islam ( Leiden : Brill , 1960 ) , vol. 2 , s.v. " Djihad , " pp. 538-40 .
[ 27 ]
David Bukay , " Peace or Jihad ?
Abrogation in Islam , " Middle East Quarterly , Fall 2007 , pp. 3 - 11 , f.n. 58 ; David S. Powers , " The Exegetical Genre nasikh al - Qur 'an wa - mansukhuhu , " in Approaches to the History of the Interpretation of the Qur'an , Andrew Rippin , ed. ( Oxford : Clarendon Press , 1988 ) , pp. 130-1 .
[ 28 ] Jalil , At - Tarbiya al - Jihadiya fi Daw ' al - Kitab wa ' s- Sunna , p. 7 .
[ 29 ]
Ibn Khaldun , The Muqadimmah .
An Introduction to History , Franz Rosenthal , trans .
( New York : Pantheon , 1958 ) , vol. 1 , p. 473 .
[ 30 ] Hugh Kennedy , The Great Arab Conquests ( Philadelphia : Da Capo , 2007 ) , p. 112 .
[ 31 ] " Saudi Legal Expert Basem Alem : We Have the Right to Wage Offensive Jihad to Impose Our Way of Life , " TV Monitor , clip 2108 , Middle East Media Research Institute , trans. , Mar. 26 , 2009 .
[ 32 ] " Egyptian Cleric Mahmoud Al - Masri Recommends Tricking Jews into Becoming Muslims , " TV Monitor , clip 2268 , Middle East Media Research Institute , trans. , Aug. 10 , 2009 .
[ 33 ]
Denis MacEoin , " Tactical Hudna and Islamist Intolerance , " Middle East Quarterly , Summer 2008 , pp. 39 - 48 .
[ 34 ]
Majid Khadduri , War and Peace in the Law of Islam ( Baltimore : The Johns Hopkins Press , 1955 ) , p. 220 .
[ 35 ]
Ahmad Mahmud Karima , Al - Jihad fi'l Islam : Dirasa Fiqhiya Muqarina , p. 461 , author 's translation .
[ 36 ] Ibid. , p. 469 .
[ 37 ]
Muhammad al - Bukhari , " Judgements ( Ahkaam ) , " Sahih al - Bukhari , book 89 , M. Muhsin Khan , trans . , accessed July 22 , 2009 .
[ 38 ] Michael Bonner , Jihad in Islamic History : Doctrines and Practice ( Princeton : Woodstock Publishers , 2006 ) , p. 148 .
[ 39 ]
Ahmed Akgündüz , " Why Did the Ottoman Sultans Not Make Hajj ( Pilgrimage ) ? " accessed Nov. 9 , 2009 .
[ 40 ] Ahmad Ibn Naqib al - Misri , Reliance of the Traveller : A Classic Manual of Islamic Sacred Law ( Beltsville : Amana Publications , 1994 ) , p. 605 .
[ 41 ] Daniel Pipes , " Lessons from the Prophet Muhammad 's Diplomacy , " Middle East Quarterly , Sept. 1999 , pp. 65 - 72 .
[ 42 ] Arabinda Acharya , " Training in Terror , " IDSS Commentaries , Institute of Defence and Strategic Studies , Nanyang Technological University , Singapore , May 2 , 2003 .
[ 43 ]
" Does hypocrite have a past tense ? " for clip of Osama bin Laden , accessed Aug. 1 , 2009 .
[ 44 ]
Ibrahim b. Muhammad al - Shahwan , et al , " Correspondence with Saudis : How We Can Coexist , " AmericanValues.org , accessed July 28 , 2009 .
[ 45 ]
Ibrahim , The Al Qaeda Reader , p. 43 .
[ 46 ]
Steven Emerson , " Osama bin Laden 's Special Operations Man , " Journal of Counterterrorism and Security International , Sept. 1 , 1998 .
[ 47 ]
For lists of other infiltrators of U. S. organizations , see Daniel Pipes , " Islamists Penetrate Western Security , " Mar. 9 , 2008 .
[ 48 ] Walid Phares , " North Carolina : Meet Taqiyya Jihad , " International Analyst Network , July 30 , 2009 .
[ 49 ] Qur'an 8:39 .
[ 50 ] James Lorimer , The Institutes of the Law of Nations : A Treatise of the Jural Relations of Separate Political Communities ( Clark , N.J. : The Lawbook Exchange , Ltd. , 2005 ) , p. 124 .
Normally renowned for his calm , measured leadership approach a world away from the political maelstrom that has all - too often bedevilled Ferrari in decades gone - by , Stefano Domenicali nonetheless is pulling no punches as he looks to F1 2010 - arguing that Ralf Schumacher , Nelsinho Piquet and Flavio Briatore should remain figures of the past rather than of the present or future .
Schumacher departed the grand prix scene at the end of 2007 after his move to Toyota failed to yield the hoped - for results , but following two distinctly underwhelming campaigns spent in pan-European touring car series the DTM , the German has held talks with a number of F1 teams regarding a possible 2010 comeback .
Piquet and Briatore , meanwhile , both left with their tails between their legs in the wake of the explosive ' Singapore - gate ' race - fixing scandal that very nearly saw Renault banned from the sport outright , with the former assuming the role of whistle - blower and the latter chief protagonist .
In all three cases , Domenicali contends , the closed chapter should not be re-opened .
" I prefer to look to the future and find new talent , " he told Italian newspaper La Stampa , when asked about Schumacher Jnr .
" F1 should not reduce itself to a world of nostalgia .
It 's not right that Piquet should be allowed to return after what he did , and Briatore will not [ be back ] in the same capacity ; people do n't like re-heated soup - he will have to find another opportunity . "
Revealing that Ferrari's F1 effort is now self - sufficient after decades of hefty expenditure , Domenicali added that the likelihood of further changes to the top flight 's scoring system before the Bahrain Grand Prix curtain - raiser in mid-March is high , with a proposal to reward pole position and fastest lap , and the possibility of two tyre stops being permitted in a race rather than just one .
With less than a month now remaining until the group test in Valencia at the beginning of February , all of the teams are up against it , with the Italian explaining that the refuelling ban is the major complication , with cars due to run practically empty during qualifying and then fill up to the brim for the start of the grand prix .
Establishing the right compromise for tyre and brake wear during Friday practice sessions will be ' crucial ' , he insisted .
Going on to opine that a similar situation to the double - diffuser controversy that saw some teams begin 2009 with a significant head - start over others would be ' disastrous ' , Domenicali acknowledged that McLaren - Mercedes , Mercedes Grand Prix ( formerly Brawn GP ) and Red Bull Racing are all likely to be phenomenal competitors once more in 2010 - and that the Scuderia has ' learned ' its lesson from a harsh season that resulted in just a sole victory and ' will not make the same mistakes again ' .
The 44 - year - old also waxed lyrical about the Prancing Horse 's new driver line - up of double F1 World Champion Fernando Alonso and Felipe Massa , who he confirmed is now fully recovered from his terrifying , high - speed Hungaroring qualifying accident last summer - and expressed his conviction that Ferrari 's fans will ultimately forgive record - breaking legend Michael Schumacher for what they have regarded as his ' betrayal ' in jumping ship to Mercedes .
" My role requires me to remain rational , " Domenicali reasoned .
" If for just one second I had considered myself to be the cause of the problems , I would have acted accordingly .
We must n't forget that in 2005 - which is n't a century ago - Ferrari had won five consecutive world championships , and I was amongst the group that achieved that .
" Fernando was last here in mid-December , and since then he has called every day to see if the car is showing the same performance in the simulations as we had expected .
That 's how it should be ; a world champion should have a competitive car at his disposal , otherwise he will not be able to show his full potential .
His arrival has really inspired the workforce .
" Felipe 's last tests a week ago were positive .
At the end of January he will undergo the FIA 's medical examinations , and the drama of his accident has been replaced by the joy of the birth of [ his new son ]
Felipinho - 2009 is truly a year he will never forget .
" In Michael 's head the spark had been re-lit , and he wanted to take on a new sporting challenge .
Ferrari would never have stood in his way .
His results prove that he is a huge champion , and his return is great news for F1 - it will increase interest in the sport , attract new fans and boost the spectacle .
" I was astonished to receive so many letters from ' disappointed ' tifosi , to use a euphemism - but the Italian Grand Prix is a long time away yet , and I 'm convinced that Ferrari 's fans will still welcome him there , because the past can not be erased .
We 're very sad - it 's pointless trying to deny that - but now we are working to be ahead of him on the track ! "
Resources to solve the housing crisis in Haiti may already be on hand .
Some Clemson University researchers have been experimenting with ways to convert shipping containers into emergency housing in the hurricane - prone Caribbean , where a surplus of the sturdy boxes often sits in port yards .
Pernille Christensen , a research associate in the Richard H. Pennell Center for Real Estate and Ph.D. student in planning , design and the built environment ; associate professor Doug Hecker ; and assistant professor Martha Skinner of Clemson 's School of Architecture , collaborated on the SEED Project , working to develop a method to convert the shipping containers into homes .
The original idea was inspired by housing crises that have followed large hurricanes in the Caribbean and United States .
However , Hecker said shipping containers would meet those needs in an earthquake zone , too .
" Because of the shipping container 's ' unibody ' construction they are also very good in seismic zones and exceed structural code in the United States and any country in the world , " Hecker said .
" They have also been used in other countries as emergency shelters in the case of earthquakes .
As the SEED Project develops this will certainly be an area that we incorporate .
With a few simple cuts at the port , a storage container can be turned into something that is livable and opens to the site . "
Faculty and students sought a way to put displaced people in emergency housing that could be sturdy and safe on a permanent site .
Putting families back on their own land quickly is key to the idea .
Families displaced by disaster often do not return to their permanent homes for years , if ever , but the Clemson researchers are looking for strategies to implement the SEED Project as quickly as possible , ideally having a modified container on site within three weeks .
" You get people back in their communities and it strengthens those communities , " Christensen said .
" They work on their home , not a temporary shelter , and then they work with their neighbors to rebuild the neighborhood .
It leads to a healthier and safer community .
And these are places often in dire need of better housing . "
Many Caribbean countries import more containers than they export , which leads to the surplus of containers in those nations .
" The project has a double mission : to address the local need of providing adequate housing for people in need while solving a global problem of recycling -- giving purpose to empty containers that would otherwise be discarded , " Skinner said .
As part of this research , the group is studying the cycles of natural disasters by looking at the larger picture through mapping and logistics to understand how containers move , available surpluses and ultimately coordinating the cycles of natural disasters with the ebb and flow of container supplies worldwide .
The SEED Project also includes plans for using another surplus item , 55 - gallon steel drums , as a way to create a starter garden -- from seed -- on the roof of the container homes as a way to get food crops started when the ground may be contaminated by stormwater .
Water also would be filtered through the drums before being used in a water pod comprised of shower , sink and composting toilet .
A prototype emergency container home is under way on the Clemson campus , and the project has been awarded an Environmental Protection Agency P3 ( People , Prosperity and the Planet ) grant to make the container part of the 2010 National Sustainable Design Expo on the National Mall in Washington , D.C. , in April .
The research team plans to build a prototype in the Caribbean in the next year .
The research was partially funded by Container - It of Atlanta , Sargent Metals of Anderson and the Intermodal Steel Building Units Association .
Clemson also is collaborating with Tri County Technical College 's department of welding .
by Sunny Hundal
David Cameron promised a ‘ bonfire of the Quangos ’ last year when he attacked Labour for making people “ feel so powerless ” .
This week on Liberal Conspiracy we ’re launching Cameron ’s Quango Watch , given the party has finally started announcing some policies .
New Quango no .
1 :
“ We will introduce a [ supermarket ] ombudsman to curb abuses of power which undermine our farmers and act against the long - term interest of consumers , ” Nick Herbert , shadow minister for farming and environment told a farming conference here .
Sounds like a good idea , but it ’s still a new quango .
New Quango no .
2 :
To make sure the NHS is funded on the basis of clinical need , not political expediency , we will create an independent NHS board to allocate resources to different parts of the country and make access to the NHS more equal .
( Page 8 )
Only yesterday the Conservatives were arguing for more political interference just before they argued against it .
So that ’s two new quangos so far .
Please let us know if you spot any more .
Update : New Quango no . 3
“ George Osborne , the shadow chancellor , outlined plans on Tuesday to keep a future Tory government on a strict path to cutting the £ 178bn deficit , including the creation of a new three - person “ budget responsibility committee ” to police his plans …
The Tory plan would see the creation of an office of budget responsibility , producing medium - term borrowing forecasts , making official recommendations for fiscal policy and assessing the UK ’s fiscal sustainability over 50 years . ”
– FT
( via Rosie in the comments )
The last decade was the Eminem show – the rapper sold more than 32 m albums in the US during the noughties , outselling the Beatles , ' NSync and Britney Spears
Though the 2010s may belong to Susan Boyle and Lady Gaga , the 2000s belonged to Eminem , at least in the United States .
The irreverent , newly sober rapper has been named America 's bestselling act of the last 10 years .
In the end , it was a battle between Slim Shady and the Beatles .
Though the Fab Four 's greatest hits compilation , One , was the decade 's bestselling record , Eminem had two albums in the top 10 – 2000 's The Marshall Mathers LP at No 4 and 2002's The Eminem Show at No 5 .
Between these and his other releases , Eminem has sold about 32.2 m albums since Y2 K – compared with the mop - tops ' meagre 30 m , according to Nielsen SoundScan .
Eminem was the only act to have two albums in the decade 's top 10 .
The other heavy hitters include Justin Timberlake 's former boy - band , ' NSync , Britney Spears , R&B singer Usher , rockers Linkin Park and Creed , and the debut by chanteuse Norah Jones .
Strangely , few of these acts dominanted American radio .
Instead , the decade 's most - broadcast tunes were mostly grim , gravely modern rock songs .
Nickelback 's How You Remind
Me took the top spot , with 1.2 m spins since 2001 , while acts such as Lifehouse and Three Doors Down were runners - up .
More than anywhere else , the impact of the internet can be seen on the singles charts , filled with tracks from the last three years .
While sales of CD singles dwindled in the early 2000s , the success of digital services like iTunes led to a new boom .
Low , released by rapper Flo Rida in 2007 , was the decade 's most successful digital song , selling 5.2 m copies .
Lady Gaga , Jason Mraz , the Black Eyed Peas and Soulja Boy all appear in the top 10 – with Coldplay 's Viva La Vida poking its head in at No 8 .
The top - selling albums of the decade in the US , according to Nielsen SoundScan :
1. The Beatles – 1,11,499,000
2. ' NSync , No Strings Attached – 11,112,000
3. Norah Jones , Come Away With Me – 10 , 546,000
4. Eminem , The Marshall Mathers LP – 10,204,000
5. Eminem , The Eminem Show – 9,799,000
6. Usher , Confessions – 9,712,000
7. Linkin Park , Hybrid Theory – 9,663,000
8. Creed , Human Clay – 9,491,000
9. Britney Spears , Oops ! ... I Did It Again – 9,185,000
10 . Nelly , Country Grammar – 8,461,000
America 's top - selling digital songs of the decade , according to Nielsen SoundScan :
1. Flo Rida feat .
T - Pain – Low , 5,214,000
2. Lady Gaga feat .
Colby O'Donis – Just Dance , 4,690,000
3. Jason Mraz , I 'm Yours – 4,619,000
4. Timbaland feat .
One Republic , Apologize – 4,439,000
5. The Black Eyed Peas , Boom Boom Pow – 4,349,000
6. Soulja Boy Tell'em , Crank That – 4,315,000
7. Lady Gaga , Poker Face – 4,200,000
8. Coldplay , Viva La Vida – 4,140,000
9. Taylor Swift , Love Story – 4,005,000
10 . Katy Perry , Hot N Cold – 3,945,000
Obviously , there is a slight gender bias here .
But that is easily solved : off with the shirts , fellas !
Actually , wait , no ...
God please , no more shirtless skinny emo boys .
I will take boobs over that any day .
My skeptical comrades down under have been kicking A and taking names .
They demonstrate that skeptical activism can have concrete positive effects .
Most recently they issued a complaint to the Therapeutic Goods Administration ( the Australian equivalent of the FDA ) about the claims being made on two homeopathy websites ( “ Homeopathy Plus ! ” and “ www.d-n-h.org”).
Specifically the cites claimed that homeopathic immunization ( there is no such thing ) was as effective as real immunization for the prevention of infectious diseases .
They report :
Dr Ken Harvey , a lecturer at Latrobe University School of Public Health , who authored the complaint , objected to claims on the website that “ homeopathic immunisation is effective against poliomyelitis , chicken pox , meningococcal disease , hepatitis ( all types ) , Japanese encephalitis , HiB , influenza , measles , pnuemococcal disease , smallpox , typhoid , cholera , typhus whooping cough , rubella , mumps , diptheria , malaria , tetanus , yellow fever , dysentery and many other epidemic diseases ” .
To support these claims the research of Isaac Golden was referenced , but the study referenced was in fact negative – without statistically significant results .
The panel who heard the complaint came back with a favorable finding :
The findings from The Complaints Resolution Panel stated that although the complainant cited references for homeoprophylaxis , they “ did not provide complete copies of the papers cited ” and that the material was “ misleading ” , “ unverified ” and “ abused the trust or exploited the lack of knowledge of consumers ” .
That last bit could apply to just about all of so - called “ alternative ” medicine .
The ruling is another hopeful sign that we can turn the tide against pseudoscience in medicine and the legitimizing of health fraud through clever marketing .
Homeopathy is pure bunk and has no place in a science - based health care system .
But the promoters of dubious health claims have been successful in distracting the public , regulators , and even some academics with pleasant sounding but ultimately misleading rhetoric .
Here is a recent example – a press release about what is ultimately a worthless study .
The team of UCLA and UC San Diego experts in the fields of CAM , integrative medicine , Western medicine , medical education and survey development created a novel 30 - question survey and sent it to 126 medical schools throughout the United States .
In return , the team received 1,770 completed surveys from a pool of about 68,000 medical students nationwide , roughly three percent .
Three percent – that means that the results of this survey are uninterpretable – worthless .
This is such a highly self - selective response that it tells us nothing statistical about the attitudes of medical students toward CAM .
Further , the questions asked in such surveys can be phrased to produce a positive result – and in this case ambiguity as to what is considered “ CAM ” makes the questions themselves almost too vague to be of any use .
This study is so bad that it should not be publishable in the peer - reviewed literature .
However , CAM proponents now have their own journals in which to publish worthless studies that are only useful for propaganda purposes .
This one will be published in Evidence - based Complementary and Alternative Medicine .
From the press release :
“ Complementary and alternative medicine is receiving increased attention in light of the global health crisis and the significant role of traditional medicine in meeting public health needs in developing countries , ” said study author Ryan Abbott , a researcher at the UCLA Center for East - West Medicine .
“ Integrating CAM into mainstream health care is now a global phenomenon , with policy makers at the highest levels endorsing the importance of a historically marginalized form of health care . ”
I disagree with just about every assertion in this statement – this is the cover , the distraction , the equivalent of “ ignore that man behind the curtain . ”
The first sentence begs the question as to whether or not CAM in any way will be helpful to the global health crisis .
The World Health Organization recently had to admit that homeopathy , for example , has no role in the real health crises faced by third world countries .
Unscientific medicine is a sure way to waste resources and worsen the global health crisis .
Then there is the attempt to portray CAM as “ traditional ” and “ marginalized ” – appealing to cultural sensitivity .
Then the press release dives into the core CAM propaganda :
CAM , which includes therapies such as massage , yoga , herbal medicine and acupuncture , is characterized by a holistic and highly individualized approach to patient care .
It ’s emphasis is on maximizing the body ’s inherent healing ability ; getting patients involved as active participants in their own care ; addressing the physical , mental and spiritual attributes of a disease ; and preventive care .
While interest in these fields has increased dramatically in the United States in recent years , information about such therapies has not yet been widely integrated into medical education .
CAM is not “ holistic ” .
Most CAM modalities take a very narrow view of health and illness by focusing on the “ one cause of all disease ” or a simplistic philosophy - based notion of health .
Treating all illness as if it were a deficit in the flow of life energy does not treat a person as a whole biological organism .
Most CAM treatment is also not individualized – but rather applies cookbook style remedies .
The press release also repeats the common canards that CAM is preventive medicine and patient - centered medicine .
These concepts , however , have their origin in mainstream medicine .
It is simply historical revisionism for CAM to claim that they innovated the notion of prevention .
It is also simply not true that CAM treatments are truly preventive of anything .
Of course , if you are willing to simply make up claims , like homeopathy can be used as an effective vaccine , then you can claim to be preventive .
But scientists and skeptics can resist this trend by refocusing attention on what really matters – what are the claims , and what is the evidence .
We would also like scientific plausibility restored to its proper place , but that is a larger battle .
In the meantime , we can at least encourage existing regulatory agencies to do their job – police fraudulent health claims .
This is where skeptical activism comes in , and has been increasingly successful .
The WHO statements were in response to a complaint by Sense About Science , a UK skeptical group .
The Australian Skeptics have successfully opposed anti-vaccination campaigns , and now have scored against homeopathy quackery .
Our core premise is hard to argue with , and is the premise of much existing regulation – health claims should be backed by sufficient evidence .
In fact , it is easy to promote this premise when dealing with mainstream medicine – the claims of physicians and “ big pharma ” , for example .
All we want is for the same standards of evidence to apply to all claims .
CAM is about creating a double standard – it is the curtain behind which unscientific remedies are trying to hide .
Almost daily I get e-mails from readers and listeners who are faced with a situation in which unscientific medicine is being promoted at their workplace , at their school , in their family , on the web , or elsewhere , and they want to know what to do .
For a long time many skeptics felt as if they should just keep their head down , lest they be accused of being closed - minded , culturally insensitive , or even a shill for some evil industry .
CAM proponents have become very aggressive at silencing their critics – as they must if they are to promote their pseudoscience .
This is where culture comes into play – pseudoscience in medicine will be tolerated as long as we tolerate it .
But if we stand up for science and reason in medicine whenever and wherever necessary I think most people will find that most people agree with the basic principles of science - based medicine , and they too were just keeping their head down because they were unsure about what was actually being claimed .
So speak up .
Do n’t be afraid to ask questions and defend science in medicine .
And take advantage of the regulatory agencies that already exist ( in the US that ’s the FDA and FTC ) .
Governments will respond if the public demands that they do their job .
“ Japanese fashion might be considered cutting - edge , but overseas markets have been largely elusive , ” said Atsushi Izu , an analyst at the Nomura Research Institute in Tokyo .
“ Japan ’s fashion industry is very fragmented , and most companies lack the resources and know - how to bring their brands to foreign markets . ”
The government is trying to help .
Earlier this year , the Foreign Ministry dispatched a group of suit - clad officials to Tokyo’s hip Harajuku neighborhood to survey the latest trends , part of an effort to promote Japanese fashion overseas .
After interviews with shoppers and sales clerks , the ministry came up with a battle plan : to appoint three young trendsetters as “ ambassadors ” of Japanese chic , charged with extending the industry ’s reach overseas and piquing interest in Japanese brands .
One ambassador , Misako Aoki  a model known in Tokyo for her Lolita look of frilly Rococo - inspired dresses paired with platform shoes  has been dispatched to France , Spain , Russia and Brazil , where she has attended expos and hosted fashion talk shows in her trademark floppy bow tie and frilly smock .
“ I hope that Lolita fashion and Japanese fashion in general will raise your interest in Japan , ” Ms. Aoki said in São Paulo , Brazil , in November after starring in a Lolita fashion show organized by the Japanese embassy .
( Although Lolita style is a reference to the Vladimir Nabokov novel “ Lolita , ” its look is more covered - up Victorian schoolgirl than skin - baring teenage vixen . )
The trade ministry has also helped revamp the twice - yearly Tokyo Collection and started inviting foreign journalists to come on the government ’s dime .
For the first time this year , the collection , renamed Japan Fashion Week , sponsored a splinter fashion event in New York to showcase Japanese designers , and it has planned another runway show in New York in mid-February .
“ Japanese fashion has so much global potential , ” says Kenjiro Monji , director general of the Foreign Ministry ’s Public Diplomacy Department , who oversees Japan ’s cultural push overseas .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Heavy snow and icy roads are causing chaos across most of the UK , where Met Office severe weather warnings are in place as the " deep freeze " continues .
Hundreds of schools closed , many roads are hazardous , and buses , trains and planes have been delayed .
Several airports have suspended flights .
Snow fell in Scotland , and large parts of England and Wales , in what is said to be the coldest snap in decades .
Snowfalls of up to 30 cm ( 12in ) have been forecast for southern England .
Forecasters say the band will stretch from London to Cardiff , and warn some areas may even see 40 cm ( 16 in ) of snow on higher ground on Tuesday evening .
As the weather deteriorates in the south of England , South West Trains have said they will be operating a revised timetable on Wednesday .
The company hopes to run about 70 % of its services .
Southeastern Trains will also be on a revised timetable .
It said only a " limited number of services " would arrive in London before 0900 GMT .
Southampton Airport closed on Tuesday evening , and there is widespread congestion on many of Hampshire 's roads due to heavy snow .
The A27 was blocked in both directions between the M27 junction and Segensworth because of abandoned cars .
All flights in and out of Gatwick and London Luton airports have been suspended .
Gas supplies
On Monday the National Grid issued a gas balancing alert ( GBA ) for only the second time , asking power suppliers to use less gas as more was sourced overseas .
CHECK LOCAL DISRUPTION
Notts : Latest weather information Wiltshire : Severe weather advice Wales : School closures Lincs : Extreme weather advice Staffs : School closures due to snow Cornwall : Weather Information Devon : Severe weather information Lancs : Weather disruption Tyne : Travel and school closures Check for disruption in your area Extra gas - including supplies from Belgium and Norway - was necessary to meet rising demand after a 30 % rise on normal seasonal use during the cold snap .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown denied the UK was facing a gas supply crisis , adding : " There are always difficulties when we have a long spell of bad weather . "
Commuters faced major delays on Tuesday , with accidents and jams on several motorways , including the M60 in Greater Manchester where a lorry driver died in a crash .
There were also delays on the M58 and M6 in Lancashire , the M1 in West Yorkshire and the M20 in Kent , while heavy snow forced the closure of part of the A66 in Cumbria .
On Tuesday evening , the M6 was closed in both directions between Newton - le - Willows and the Croft interchange near Warrington .
Earlier , a pregnant woman gave birth on the M53 after getting stuck in traffic .
Within minutes of the ambulance arriving , the baby was delivered .
In North Yorkshire , a driver escaped uninjured after his car was hit by a train when it skidded on snow and onto rail tracks at a level crossing near Selby .
The 44 - year - old man managed to get out of his car before it was hit by a Hull - to - Manchester train .
A six - year - old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after he fell into an ice - covered garden pond in Crookham Common near Thatcham in Berkshire .
It is thought the boy had been underwater for 30 minutes .
Train operators including Virgin Trains and East Coast - which link London and Scotland - Arriva Trains Wales , Cross Country , First TransPennine Express , Northern and Scotrail were all reporting disruption .
Other problems have included : Liverpool John Lennon Airport shut twice but reopened at 2030 .
Passengers are advised to check with their airline
All bus services have been suspended in Merseyside , and the same applies to " virtually all " buses in Manchester
Train services between Inverness and Aviemore continue to be disrupted after a freight train was derailed
East Coast Main
Line is operating a revised timetable due to the adverse weather .
Some services may be subject to alteration , cancellation or delay
Dozens of Easyjet flights have been cancelled from both UK and European airports
North West Ambulance Service is only responding to life - threatening cases , as weather hinders emergency vehicles
Buses across Yorkshire badly affected , with many running only on major routes Manchester and Leeds Bradford airports were closed temporarily , and passengers at London Heathrow , Gatwick , Edinburgh , Glasgow , Aberdeen , Durham Tees Valley and Newcastle airports all faced disruptions .
Production at one of the largest factories in the UK , Airbus at Broughton in North Wales , was halted by the wintry weather when staff were sent home following the advice of North Wales Police .
Airbus , which employs 6,500 at the site , says it hopes to be working as normal on Wednesday .
Snow fell overnight in Scotland - where temperatures were - 15C ( 5 F ) in places - in north Wales and northern England .
Large parts of the Highlands and north - east Scotland have been cut off , with the main route - the A9 - shut in several places .
Around Aviemore and Kingussie there is more than a metre ( 4ft ) of snow .
Most of Scotland 's trunk routes are open but many minor roads and pavements are treacherous .
Analysis :
Why so cold ?
Rob Varley , the government services director for the Met Office , said the UK was seeing the worst cold snap for at least 20 years .
" It 's a long time since we 've been stuck in this kind of rut for this long through a winter , " he said .
School closures were commonplace across Scotland due to the continued sub - zero conditions , councils said .
And schools in Aberdeenshire , East Lothian and the Borders , and Dumfries and Galloway will remain closed on Wednesday .
Hundreds of schools in northern England and the south - west were also closed on Tuesday after heavy snowfall .
More than 250 schools closed in West Yorkshire , and 102 in Cornwall .
Sporting fixtures have been affected , with the first leg of both Carling Cup semi-finals postponed because of extreme weather .
Blackburn were due to host Aston Villa on Tuesday , and Manchester City were to play Manchester United on Wednesday .
Tuesday 's National Hunt meetings at Leicester and Taunton have been abandoned , along with Southwell and Hexham on Wednesday and Ludlow on Thursday .
Huntingdon 's meeting on Thursday has also been abandoned due to a frozen track .
Meanwhile , motorists in many areas were being warned to make only essential journeys and to prepare themselves with warm clothes and blankets in case of breakdown .
Driving conditions worsened with rain , sleet and snow falling on already icy roads and pavements .
By 1300 GMT the AA had attended about 9,000 breakdowns since midnight and predicted its total for the day would be around 16,000 .
This compares with around 9,000 for a normal Tuesday .
The motoring organisation 's busiest areas were Manchester , Liverpool , Warrington , Leeds and Stoke .
The freezing weather has triggered cold weather payments in several areas , including Greater Manchester , Guildford in Surrey , Sheffield and Dundee .
The government gives £ 25 to people on benefits when the average temperature has been recorded as , or is forecast to be , 0C or below over seven consecutive days .
The payment threshold was triggered in London on Monday , meaning more than half a million people will receive payments totalling more than £ 13 m .
Why the cold weather ?
The current big chill is a result of high pressure over the polar region , which has pushed cold air out of the Arctic towards much of northern Europe , parts of Asia and the US .
Winds from the north and north east , rather than the south and south west , have brought freezing temperatures to the UK .
Provisional Met Office figures for December show temperatures for much of the UK were 1.5C and 2.5C below the mean temperatures for the last 30 years .
Scotland saw temperatures dip still lower - from 2.5C to 3.5C .
On Thursday , temperatures in Scotland plunged to - 22.3C in places .
Winds from the north also brought cold weather to parts of Asia , with Beijing receiving its heaviest snowfall for nearly 60 years .
At the weekend , up to 30 cm ( 12in ) of snow fell in China 's capital and its neighbouring port city of Tianjin .
Dozens of people have also died in a cold snap in northern India .
However , while parts of the world suffer freezing temperatures , the seesaw patterns mean other areas are warmer than usual , including Alaska , northern Canada and the Mediterranean .
Met Office figures for the end of 2009 show some places dropped 10C below the average , while others were 10C above .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Is the President of Nigeria Brain Dead ?
Early this morning , the BBC ’s Hausa service surprised its listeners with a three - minute interview with Nigerian President Umaru Yar ’Adua .
" I ’m getting better from the treatment I ’m getting , " he said of an unspecified illness that has kept him out of the limelight for much of the past two months .
" I hope that very soon there will be tremendous progress , which will allow me to get back home . "
Yar ’Adua ’s apparent re-emergence followed Sunday ’s astonishing scoop in Nigeria ’s Next newspaper :
The president was " brain - damaged , " the paper concluded , and Nigeria had " effectively entered a post - Yar ’Adua administration era . "
So , is the president of Africa ’s most populous country , and its largest oil producer , out of commission or not ?
Next is standing by its original story , and editors there are not the only Nigerians questioning the authenticity of the voice and demanding photographic evidence that their president is indeed alive .
It ’s a question that matters :
For all practical purposes , Nigeria has been without a government since November , its some 150 million people living in a tense , rumor - filled kind of limbo .
During the seven weeks since Yar ’Adua was hospitalized in Saudi Arabia , Nigerian officials have either remained silent or made vague statements that Nigerians struggled to believe .
" The president is recuperating , " they said .
" He will be home soon . "
The vice president , Goodluck Jonathan , reported having phone calls with his boss .
The president even " signed the budget " at his hospital bed , one report said .
Insisting that all was well , neither Yar ’Adua ’s cabinet ( whose members ’ jobs depend on his being in office ) nor the attorney general has been willing to replace the incapacitated president with his deputy , as the Constitution mandates .
This behind - the - scenes crisis was already going on when Northwest Airlines Flight 253 to Detroit was nearly blown out of the sky on Christmas Day .
A Nigerian citizen , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , is the alleged culprit .
The United States placed Nigeria on a terrorism watch list after the event , even though Abdulmutallab ’s radicalization appears to have taken place in London and Yemen , not in Nigeria .
Islamist extremist incidents in Nigeria ’s north have occurred sporadically over the years , to be sure .
But they are carried out by local groups and center on local grievances .
No one has yet produced credible evidence of any Nigerian group ’s ties to al Qaeda or its offshoots .
The United States should be far more worried about Nigeria ’s political future than the Christmas Day bomber .
Indeed , the last month and a half of political uncertainty has been consumed by planning , plotting , and maneuvering among Nigeria ’s political classes .
The debate revolves around two issues : Should Yar ’Adua be replaced ?
The emerging consensus seems to be yes .
And if so , who will become vice president ?
In theory , the procedure for replacing Yar ’Adua is clear : Nigeria ’s Constitution resembles its U.S. model , whereby the vice president succeeds his boss .
But there are a few decidedly Nigerian differences that complicate matters .
Any transition requires a medical confirmation that the president is in fact unable to govern , as well as a two - thirds vote of approval by the cabinet .
Then , both houses of the National Assembly have to approve the successor ’s choice of vice president .
This last bit — the potential of an open post at the top — means that the internal politics of the ruling People ’s Democratic Party ( PDP ) , Nigeria ’s de facto sole political party in a theoretically multiparty state , are where the real action is .
The PDP has a substantial majority in both houses , but party loyalties are divided among many " godfathers . "
Adding to the intrigue , Yar ’Adua and his vice president were effectively imposed on the country by the former president , Olusegun Obasanjo , and his loyalists .
Many Nigerians think that Obasanjo chose two intentionally weak men — sickly in Yar ’Adua ’s case and inexperienced in Jonathan ’s — so he could exploit the weaknesses and continue to control the political process .
Thwarted in his first attempt ( Yar ’Adua proved less malleable than expected ) , Obasanjo is undoubtedly one of those working to affect what happens now .
Another complicating factor is an informal PDP arrangement whereby the office of president is to alternate between the largely Christian south and the largely Muslim north every eight years .
Obasanjo was from the south , so Yar ’Adua , a Muslim , was supposed to be representing the north ’s turn .
If he has to leave office early , some northerners might feel deprived of their full time to rule .
However , influential voices from the north have joined those from the south in insisting that the constitutional provisions for succession must be followed .
Amid the jockeying for power , two divergent agendas have emerged .
Supporters of the first are pushing for a northern vice president to be chosen , one who could become heir apparent to Jonathan , taking the 2011 presidential nomination for the PDP .
Multiple , self - interested groups of current and former officeholders want to nominate the person who would benefit them most in power , say , by protecting them from future corruption or other legal probes .
The second agenda , which is playing out more quietly behind the scenes , comes from some Nigerians more concerned with the national interest than their own .
Their goal is to find someone — also a northerner — of maturity , experience , stature , and integrity to be able to do two things : assist a President Jonathan in dealing with the overwhelming problems Nigeria faces ( among them a failing economy and a fragile truce with insurgent groups in the Niger Delta ) and put in place electoral reform .
With national elections due in 2011 , that reform , which is in draft form now , is desperately needed to give Nigeria ’s battered democracy — in name only for a decade now — a chance at last .
With so much at stake , there are more than a few people trying to move the process forward .
Several lawsuits have surfaced in court , drawing on the Constitution to argue that the government must replace the incapacitated president .
Demonstrations are also planned this week in Abuja , Lagos , and London , where many Nigerian expatriates reside .
The protesters are demanding to know more about their president ’s health and insisting on constitutional succession .
Prominent figures such as Nobel laureate Wole Soyinka have flown in to Abuja , and the House of Representatives is meeting to discuss the president ’s absence .
If the situation deteriorates , military intervention cannot be ruled out .
Nigerians ’ desperation with their plight is startlingly evident .
And the military has staged coups in the past when popular anger has boiled over .
Still , the military hierarchy must know that to move now would be seen as aimed at blocking a Jonathan — read " southern " –presidency .
Widespread , unpredictable violence could be the result — not least in the turbulent Niger Delta region , where many would see themselves deprived of their right to national leadership through Jonathan .
In the meantime , the BBC ’s interview with someone claiming to be Yar ’Adua has done little to calm Nigerians or clarify the way forward .
Unfortunately , there is little any outsider can do until Nigerians themselves work out who will actually take charge .
That needs to happen soon .
he barely broke sleep ... 04.01.10 Wow , so the DD wasunexpected on a little comic I submitted back in September - Thanks for all the comments , I 've enjoyed reading all your little bedtime stories !
Good to know there are so many people keeping their loved ones from SLEEP !
Now you should all go make some comics , tadpoles optional .
Maybe about pigeons .
To answer the question , & make this even more sickeningly cute ; yes this actually happened .
My boyfriend muttered this out & I thought it was so random I drew it the next day ~
MOSCOW–Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , who plumbed the depths of Lake Baikal in a minisubmarine in August and pronounced the lake " ecologically clean , " has given a well - connected tycoon 's paper mill the go - ahead to resume dumping waste there , reversing what had been a landmark victory for environmentalists .
A decree Mr. Putin signed last week removed waste discharges in the production of pulp , paper and cardboard from a list of operations banned by environmental legislation in and around the world 's largest body of fresh water .
As a result , OAO Baikalsk Pulp and Paper Mill said Tuesday it will restart operations that it halted in October 2008 after environmental authorities instructed the company to introduce a closed - loop waste - treatment system .
Such a system would prevent discharges into the lake , but the company deemed it unprofitable , declared a permanent shutdown in February and began laying off its 2,000 employees .
It started bankruptcy proceedings in March .
Mr. Putin 's decree brought relief to Baikalsk , where workers had staged hunger strikes and blocked highways for a week in June to protest the demise of the Siberian town 's biggest employer .
It also resolved a problem for Oleg Deripaska , the tycoon whose control of the plant had cast him as the villain of those protests .
But the measure has enraged Russia 's environmental activists , whose campaign against the mill gained widespread attention in the late 1980s as leading Soviet political and literary figures rallied behind it .
The effort , disrupted by the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 , finallysucceeded after environmental groups sued the company and won a 2008 court decision banning the discharge of waste water into the lake .
For some reason , the GOP allowed the cameras to roll at their retreat during a question time session with President Obama , and he spent the next hour and a half depantsing them .
Pretty funny stuff :
Link ( the embed killed this site for a while and is now not working )
If Mike Pence really is regarded as one of the deep thinkers for the GOP , I ’m beginning to understand why they refused to admit Terri Schiavo was brain - dead .
A lawsuit that accused Microsoft of misleading consumers to download and install an update for Windows Genuine Advantage ( WGA ) under the guise that it was critical security update will go forward , but not as a class action .
A federal judge has refused to certify the lawsuit as a class action , which would have meant anyone who owned a Windows XP PC in mid-2006 could join the case without having to hire an attorney .
As Windows XP was easily the most popular operating system at the time , the move means Redmond has managed to avoid hundreds of millions in potential damages .
Microsoft has until February 12 , 2010 to submit its expense list to the court .
The issue began more than three years ago when it was revealed that beta versions of WGA " phone home " once every day , though later Redmond said the daily checks were there just because the software was in beta and confirmed that more recent versions communicate with the company approximately once every 90 days .
Nevertheless , privacy advocates were outraged , and in June 2006 , after Microsoft began pushing WGA to Windows XP users via Windows Update as a " high priority " update , a suit was filed alleging that WGA was spyware .
It demanded compensatory damages ( " either actual damages or one hundred thousand dollars per violation , whichever is greater " ) , injunctive relief , and a requirement for Microsoft to fully disclose WGA 's " potential security and other risks " to the public .
Furthermore , the suit wanted Microsoft to produce a tool that could easily remove WGA from any Windows PC .
Microsoft uses WGA to detect pirated copies of Windows and inform the user that the software is counterfeit , nagging them with messages and eventually locking down .
In Windows 7 , Microsoft rebranded WGA to Windows Activation Technologies ( WAT ) , saying that the technology used in Windows Vista and Windows 7 is fundamentally different from that used with Windows XP .
Future versions of updates of the technology for Windows Vista will also be referred to as WAT .
Microsoft still plans to keep WGA updates coming for Windows XP .
John Calvin was a Frenchman , but he is being remembered in Geneva this week because it was here that he built Calvinism .
Invited to reform the city in 1541 , almost as what would now be called a management consultant , he formed an alliance with the city fathers .
Over the next 20 years of preaching and pastoring they turned this tiny city , with a population then of only 10,000 , into a model of church government and theology which has changed the world .
His followers now form the third - largest Christian grouping in the world .
The world alliance of reformed churches claims 75 million members , and while this is a lower headline figure than the Anglican Communion 's 80 million , it is not inflated by 25 million nominal Anglicans in Britain .
Although Calvinism is shrinking in western Europe and North America , it is experiencing an extraordinary success in China .
I spent some time on Monday talking to the Rev May Tan , from Singapore , where the overseas Chinese community has close links with mainland China .
The story she told of the spread of Calvinist religion as an elite religion in China was quite extraordinary .
There may be some parallels with the growth of Calvinism in South Korea , where the biggest presbyterian churches in the world are to be found , but it 's absolutely unlike the pattern in Africa and Latin America .
There , the fastest growing forms of Christianity are pentecostal , and they are spreading among the poor .
But in China neither of those things are to be true .
Calvinists despise pentecostalists .
They shudder at unbridled emotion .
If they are slain in the spirit , it is with a single , decorous thump : there 's to be no rolling afterwards .
And in China , the place where Calvinism is spreading fastest is the elite universities , fuelled by prodigies of learning and translation .
Wang Xiaochao , a philosopher at one of the Beijing universities , has translated the two major works of St Augustine , the Confessions and the City of God , into Chinese directly from Latin .
Gradually all the major works of the first centuries of the Christian tradition are being translated directly from the original languages into Chinese .
All of this is happening outside the control of the official body which is supposed to monitor and supervise the churches in China .
Instead , it is the philosophy departments at the universities , or the language departments and the departments of literature and western civilisation that are the channel .
" The [ officially recognised ] churches are not happy with universities , because it is not within their control .
And their seminaries are not at the intellectual level of the universities , " says Dr Tan .
" Chinese Christianity using Chinese to do Christian thinking has become a very interesting movement . "
Many of the missionaries who tried to bring Christianity to China before the communists took over where presbyterians , and other sorts of Calvinist .
But that does not explain why Calvinism should be the preferred theology of the house churches and the intellectuals now .
Dr Tan suggests that this is because it is Protestant : that is to say it can be made much more convincingly native than Roman Catholicism , since presbyterian congregations choose their own pastors .
This is , I suspect , enormously important at a time when China is recovering from a century and a half of being the victim of western powers ; the pope 's insistence on appointing Catholic bishops is unacceptable to the government and perhaps to the people too .
If she goes to preach at an official church , she says , " There will be perhaps 1000 people and 95 % of them are over 65 .
So it 's a sunset church .
But if I went to house church – there would be 1000 people ; perhaps 20 of them in their 50s , and all the rest are youngsters .
The older ones will all be professors at the universities .
So these are the future of the churches .
They have registered pastors , and no access to seminaries :
But they have youth , and future , and money . "
Calvinism is n't a religion of subservience to any government .
The great national myths of Calvinist cultures are all of wars against imperialist oppressors : the Dutch against the Spanish , the Scots against the English ; the Americans against the British .
So when the Chinese house churches first emerged from the rubble of the Cultural Revolution in the 80s and 90s " They began to search what theology will support and inform [ them ] .
They read Luther and said , ' not him ' .
So they read Calvin , and they said 'him , because he has a theology of resistance . '
Luther can't teach them or inform them how to deal with a government that is opposition . "
And , though the communists stigmatised Christianity as a foreign religion , they also and still more thoroughly smashed up the traditional religions of China : " The communist , socialist critique of traditional religion , and of Confucianism has been effective " , she says : " The youngsters think it is very cool to be Christian .
Communism has removed all the obstacles for them to come to Christianity . "
The most conservative estimates of the new converts to Christianity is 500,000 ; there is a new church built every month .
Calvinist Christianity has a culture of phenomenal industry .
Calvin himself , in his time in Geneva , preached every day and twice on Sundays : shorthand writers at the foot of his pulpit took down 108 volumes of his sermons , though most of these have been lost and his reputation rests on the books and pamphlets that he wrote himself .
In China now , this kind of Christianity is seen as forward - looking , rational , intellectually serious , and favourable to making money .
" Very soon " , said Dr Tan , " Christians will become the majority of university students … that could happen . "
It would be astonishing if China were to become a great power in the Christian world , as well as in the economic one .
But things just as strange have happened in the past .
Who could have foreseen , when Augustine was writing those huge books now translated into Chinese , that barbarous Europe would become the centre of Christian civilisation , and his homeland in North Africa would become entirely Muslim ?
After 47 years and 33 studio albums , Bob Dylan has made a Christmas LP .
" Thank goodness , " I hear you cry : " at last he is fulfilling the promise of his entire career . "
Avid Dylanologists have been predicting this moment for decades , cleverly picking up the all the little clues dotted across his output .
First there ’s that Jack Frost pseudonym he ’s been producing his records under for the past decade .
Then , of course , there ’s the existence of a sleigh bell track that can just about be made out low in the mix on ‘ Subterranean Homesick Blues ’ .
Add in those hidden messages about Santa you can hear if you play ‘ Lay Lady Lay ’ backwards , and things start to come together .
Finally , who can ignore the persistent rumours about the notoriously unreleased Grotto Tapes , the holy grail for all self - respecting Dylan bootleggers ?
That ’s right : Bob loves Christmas , and he does n’t care who knows it .
In fact , his notorious conversion to Christianity was always more about a love of Christmas than a love of Christ .
With Christmas in the Heart he celebrates that love by bringing together 15 festive favourites , both sacred and secular , for the record of a lifetime .
Well maybe .
Perhaps the revelation earlier this year that his Bobness was to release a Christmas album should n’t have come as such a shock though .
There ’s been a definite thaw in his public persona in the last few years - through his autobiography , his interviews in Martin Scorsese ’s No Direction Home documentary , and most of all his frequently hilarious radio show , Dylan has revealed himself to be more playful Christmas imp than curmudgeonly Scrooge .
Seeing as Dylan the DJ has shown himself to be as in thrall to the music of his youth as ever , should we be surprised he should choose to have a crack at one of the era 's staples ?
After all , Elvis made two Christmas albums ; Johnny Cash did three .
From the opening bars it ’s clear Dylan has chosen to reproduce the easy listening aesthetic of the Forties and Fifties in loving detail , from sickly sweet angelic backing vocals to chocolate box cover art .
These are pinpoint perfect arrangements , mostly of timeless classics from the American songbook .
Of course , the record execs responsible for those recordings from the middle of the last century that this new album seeks to reprise would never have stuck that voice on top of those arrangements .
The vocals are the croakiest he ’s yet committed to tape .
As on Theme Time Radio Hour , he often sounds like someone doing their most exaggeratedly comic Bob Dylan impression .
On ‘ Hark the Herald Angel Sing ’ he sounds like an sentimental drunk , while the Latin introduction to ‘ O Come All Ye Faithful ( Adeste Fideles ) ’ is stunningly bad .
None of this really seems to matter though .
When it ’s awful , it ’s curiously likeable .
Hearing the way Dylan mangles the word “ Chriiiiiiiist ” , later on in ‘ O Come All Ye Faithful ’ , is brilliant .
Horribly , horribly brilliant .
It ’s Dylan showing Dizzee what being bonkers really sounds like .
Elsewhere the album has some real delights .
‘ Must Be Santa ’ is a rollicking laugh , while the Hawaiian guitar feel of ‘ Christmas Island ’ is a daft treat .
Moreover , ‘ Silver Bells ’ , ‘ The Christmas Song ’ and ‘ I ’ll Be Home For Christmas ’ manage to be genuinely poignant , with Dylan ’s vocals deeply heartfelt .
There ’s a sense yearning for a simpler time , for the America of Norman Rockwell .
Ironically , it ’s a longing for an America the Bob Dylan of the Sixties did so much to put an end to .
Being as it ’s the second album of the year from Bob , fans can hardly bemoan a lack of new material or wish he ’d done something better with his time .
It ’s a charity stopgap , a novelty piece , a fun experiment .
It ’s Bob Dylan ’s Christmas gift to you , delivered with warmth from his heart , even if his tongue is in his cheek .
Like eggnog , it ’s something that will always go down well once a year , even if it is probably just the once .
BEIRUT ( Reuters ) - The United States must tread warily in Yemen if it is to avoid inadvertently broadening al Qaeda ’s appeal in a country plagued by poverty , corruption and conflict .
The botched bombing of a U.S. airliner on December 25 , claimed by al Qaeda ’s Yemen - based wing , has spurred Washington to step up aid to President Ali Abdullah Saleh ’s government , even though diplomats say it is tainted by graft and short on legitimacy .
Such support may temporarily help sustain autocratic rule in Yemen , where militancy is only one of many woes .
The population of 23 million is set to double in 20 years , even as gas exports fail to offset falling oil earnings and water supplies run dry .
“ Deeper U.S. security involvement will cause a spike of al Qaeda recruitment , ” said Yemeni analyst Abdul - Ghani al - Iryani .
“ So much could go wrong , ” he said , citing anti-U.S. fervor generated by images from the Iraq war of an American soldier putting his boot on the neck of an Iraqi civilian .
Yemeni officials acknowledge the need for U.S. help with counter - terrorism , but say the government also lacks resources to tackle the poverty that widens al Qaeda ’s recruiting pool .
The United States has quietly been supplying military equipment , intelligence and training to Yemeni forces to root out suspected al Qaeda militants , including several released Guantanamo detainees who have rejoined their cause .
“ Propping up the Saleh government is an inevitable by - product of this ( U.S. ) campaign , ” said Iryani .
“ This will lead to continuation of the same bad habits that got us into this mess in the first place . ”
The United States has faced similar dilemmas in Afghanistan , Pakistan and elsewhere , often opting to work with flawed leaders on overriding security goals rather than pressing for reform .
A U.S. official , who asked not to be named , took a pragmatic view of Saleh , 67 , who has kept power for three turbulent decades by balancing tribal and military factions with a network of patronage that is now handicapped by plunging oil income .
“ We have to do the best we can , hold him to his commitments , make sure we have oversight and ensure everything is going in the right direction .
Not a small problem , ” the official said .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also hinted at Yemen ’s governance deficits , when she said the West should tie strings on aid to Sanaa , which is also fighting “ Houthi ” Shi’ite rebels in the north and secessionist unrest in the south .
“ CONDITIONS ON SUPPORT ”
“ It ’s time for the international community to make it clear to Yemen that there are expectations and conditions on our continuing support for the government so that they can take actions which will have a better chance to provide that peace and stability , ” Clinton declared on Monday .
The United States has little appetite for a new war in Yemen , which , argued Ginny Hill of London ’s Chatham House , is a much more sensitive environment than Iraq or Afghanistan due to its proximity to Saudi Arabia and the holy city of Mecca .
“ The Yemeni government would be placed in a very difficult position if the West were to push for troops on the ground in any kind of visible numbers , ” she added .
Alternatives , such as U.S. drone strikes and use of special forces units to disrupt al Qaeda , could also prove politically sensitive , especially if civilian casualties ensued .
For now the Pentagon has proposed increasing the $ 67 million provided in overt counter - terrorism assistance last year , a figure that does not include covert programs run by U.S. special forces and the CIA , U.S. officials have said .
U.S. - backed Yemeni air strikes against suspected al Qaeda targets last month killed more than 60 people .
“ The risk is increasing hostility in Yemen toward both the U.S. and the Saleh regime , ” said Robert Burrowes , an American scholar and author of the Historical Dictionary of Yemen .
“ A main theme of the Houthis and al Qaeda -- and maybe the Southern Movement as well -- is the damning relationship between the Saleh regime and the United States , ” he said .
Saleh may view the northern revolt and southern secessionism as deadlier threats to his rule than al Qaeda , although a new breed of militants has proved more radical and harder to co-opt than veterans of the U.S. - backed Afghan “ jihad ” in the 1980s .
Yet he may also spy an opportunity to use the fight against al Qaeda to garner more financial aid from the West to offset the dwindling resources available for patronage .
“ Terrorist networks stand to benefit if the state gets weaker but it ’s not terrorism that will undermine the government , it ’s the economic crisis forced by declining oil revenues , ” said Hill , the Chatham House analyst .
Mounting U.S. worries about Yemen ’s viability as a state focus mainly on how instability there might affect oil superpower Saudi Arabia or nearby international shipping lanes .
For Yemenis , the stakes are even higher and some see U.S. commitment as transient and unreliable .
“ The window of opportunity is closing fast , ” said Iryani .
“ When all is said and done , and when the United States has walked away , Yemen will have passed the point of no return on non-renewable resources such as water and oil , and will be left with a generation who are trained only to fight . ”
Canada 's participation in the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement negotiations has understandably generated enormous public concern as leaked documents indicate that ACTA would have a dramatic impact on Canadian copyright law .
The U.S. has proposed provisions that would mandate a DMCA - style implementation for the WIPO Internet treaties and encourage the adoption of a three - strikes and you 're out system to cut off access where there are repeated allegations of infringement .
Yet it would appear that ACTA is actually only part of the story .
Canada is also currently negotiating a Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement with the European Union .
The negotiations have been largely off the radar screen ( and similarly secretive ) with the first round of talks concluding in October in Ottawa .
Intellectual property figures prominently in the agreement .
In fact , the EU proposal for the IP chapter has just leaked online and the document is incredibly troubling .
When combined with ACTA , the two agreements would render Canadian copyright law virtually unrecognizable as Canada would be required to undertake a significant rewrite of its law .
The notion of a " made - in - Canada " approach – already under threat from ACTA – would be lost entirely , replaced by a made - in - Washington - and - Brussels law .
What are some of the EU 's demands ?
Copyright term extension .
The current term of copyright law in Canada is life of the author plus 50 years .
This is consistent with the term requirements under the Berne Convention .
The EU is demanding that Canada add an additional 20 years by making the term life plus 70 years .
The current term of copyright law in Canada is life of the author plus 50 years .
This is consistent with the term requirements under the Berne Convention .
The EU is demanding that Canada add an additional 20 years by making the term life plus 70 years .
WIPO ratification .
The EU is demanding that Canada respect the rights and obligations under the WIPO Internet treaties .
The EU only formally ratified those treaties this week .
The EU is demanding that Canada respect the rights and obligations under the WIPO Internet treaties .
The EU only formally ratified those treaties this week .
Anti-circumvention provisions .
The EU is demanding that Canada implement anti-circumvention provisions that include a ban on the distribution of circumvention devices .
There is no such requirement in the WIPO Internet treaties .
The EU is demanding that Canada implement anti-circumvention provisions that include a ban on the distribution of circumvention devices .
There is no such requirement in the WIPO Internet treaties .
ISP Liability provisions .
The EU is demanding statutory provisions on ISP liability where they act as mere conduits , cache content , or host content .
ISPs would qualify for a statutory safe harbour in appropriate circumstances .
There is no three - strikes and you 're out language ( which presumably originates with the U.S. ) .
The EU is demanding statutory provisions on ISP liability where they act as mere conduits , cache content , or host content .
ISPs would qualify for a statutory safe harbour in appropriate circumstances .
There is no three - strikes and you 're out language ( which presumably originates with the U.S. ) .
Enforcement provisions .
The EU is demanding that Canada establish a host of new enforcement provisions including measures to preserve evidence , ordering alleged infringers to disclose information on a wide range of issue , mandate disclosure of banking information in commercial infringement cases , allow for injunctive relief , and destruction of goods .
There is also a full section on new border measures requirements .
The EU is demanding that Canada establish a host of new enforcement provisions including measures to preserve evidence , ordering alleged infringers to disclose information on a wide range of issue , mandate disclosure of banking information in commercial infringement cases , allow for injunctive relief , and destruction of goods .
There is also a full section on new border measures requirements .
Resale rights .
The EU is demanding that Canada implement a new resale right that would provide artists with a royalty based on any resales of their works ( subsequent to the first sale ) .
The EU is demanding that Canada implement a new resale right that would provide artists with a royalty based on any resales of their works ( subsequent to the first sale ) .
Making available or distribution rights .
The EU is demanding that Canada implement a distribution or making available right to copyright owners .
These are just the copyright provisions .
There are sections dealing with patents , trademarks , designs , and ( coming soon ) geographical indications .
These include :
requiring Canada to comply with the Trademark Law Treaty ( Canada is not a contracting party )
requiring Canada to accede to the Hague System for the International Registration of Industrial Designs
creating new legal protections for registered industrial designs including extending the term of protection from the current 10 years to up to 25 years
requiring Canada to comply with the Patent Law Treaty ( Canada has signed but not implemented )
requiring Canada to establish enhanced protection for data submitted for pharmaceutical patents
While the leaked document may only represent the European position , there is little doubt there will be enormous pressure on Canadian negotiators to cave on the IP provision in return for " gains " in other areas .
The net result is that when combined with the ACTA requirements , Canadian copyright law reform may cease to become Canadian .
Instead , the rules will be dictated by secretive agreements as the U.S. and Europe tag team to pressure Canada into dramatic changes far beyond those even proposed in Bills C - 60 or C - 61 .
Clippers rookieseason is over .
Then again , it never really started for the star - crossed Clipper .
The Clippers announced today that the power forward experienced some " discomfort in his recently accelerated rehabilitation program " and will require knee surgery , meaning he will be out for four to six months .
The team said this afternoon that Griffin will have surgery on his knee on Jan. 20 in Los Angeles .
The No. 1 pick in the NBA draft last summer suffered a stress fracture in his left kneecap in the Clippers ' final preseason game in October , and had only recently been cleared to increase his workload , late last month .
The Clippers had hoped he would soon be able to practice .
The team said , in a statement : " It has been determined that the healing in his left patella area has not improved to the expected required level . "
Clippers Coach Mike Dunleavy said : " Obviously it 's disappointing for Blake , and for us , because of the impact we think he could have had on our team .
The most important thing we 've considered , obviously , is how we get him healthy for the long term . "
Apparently Griffin felt discomfort when he was doing some jumping in the pool , one of the steps he needed to do before proceeding to the next level of his rehabilitation .
" He experienced some pain [ in the pool ] , and obviously when I heard that , that was n't good news , " Dunleavy said .
" But I did n't know it would turn into the point where he would quickly need knee surgery . "
More to come at latimes.com / sports
-- Lisa Dillman , reporting from New Orleans
Photo : Blake Griffin in an exhibition game in October .
Credit : Chris Pizzel / Associated Press
[ Update : I 'm getting notes from people saying that the site linked below has some NSFW content on it .
I did n't see that when I posted this ; the link itself is rated G and quite safe , but be warned if you click anywhere else . ]
A while back I posted a link to a nifty interactive graphic that let 's you zoom down from human scales to that of the atom .
In that post , I said I wish someone would make one that goes out to the size of the Universe , too .
My wish has been answered .
NewGrounds is a Flash animation portal , and a user by the handle of Fotoshop has created a wondrous and lovely interactive tool to show you the relative sizes of things in the Universe , from the largest galaxies down to the quantum foam .
I do n't know what else to say about it except This .
Freaking .
Rocks .
You can use the slider along the bottom to change the scale , and see where different objects fall .
Unlike the famous " Powers of Ten " movie , you 're not touring the Universe or moving through space ; this just shows how relatively big things are .
It 's really very well done , and gives you a good sense of things .
My favorite part is on the smallest end , when you have to go through several factors of ten with nothing happening to get to the Planck scale , the smallest scale in the Universe .
It 's really quite a forbidding notion .
I even like the music ( though I do n't recognize it ; anyone know ? ) . : )
Well done , Fotoshop !
Tip o' the meter stick to Tocsin .
On the surface , there is little to suggest that Mr. Bowe , who came to New York from Minneapolis in his early 20s “ to be a famous musician or filmmaker , ” is n’t the last great catch .
Image Mr. Bowe , who has a sentimental streak , collects flower paintings .
Credit ... Piotr Redlinski for The New York Times
On a recent afternoon , he was well groomed and neatly dressed in a pressed oxford and jeans , his bright studio equally tidy : an assortment of cookware carefully arrayed on a kitchen wall , records and files stacked neatly under his bed .
In the cotton - candy - colored bathroom , there was none of the hair or dust one might expect to see in a bachelor pad .
And nearly every wall of his apartment was decorated with paintings of flowers , a collection he has spent more than two decades amassing .
“ When I was a little punk rocker on a motorcycle when I was 18 , I went to thrift stores , and I just noticed how many amateur paintings there are out there of either flowers or Jesus .
I thought , ‘ Would n’t it be cool to collect all the different ones ? ’ ” he said .
“ I realized I did n’t want 100 visages of Jesus staring down at me . ”
Mr. Bowe ’s domestication extends to cooking : even though it was the middle of the day , he had already begun preparing dinner — a pork dish with a homemade spice mix inspired by a jar of crushed sweet peppers brought back from a recent trip to Portugal .
Offering his guest some mint tea , he reached into a cupboard and pulled out a bag full of dried mint leaves that he grew over the summer at a friend ’s house in Dutchess County .
His résumé would impress any woman with a soft spot for social issues :
After graduating from film school at Columbia University and co-writing the movie “ Basquiat , ” he traveled the world for a decade , working as a cowboy in Argentina and as a bargeman on the Amazon River .
Along the way , he wrote a series of magazine articles on modern - day slavery — one of which won a Hillman prize for fostering social and economic justice — and later published a book called “ Nobodies : Modern American Slave Labor and the Dark Side of the New Global Economy . ”
Ask him about his work as a journalist and he holds forth like a modern - day Marxist , railing against injustice and criticizing the mainstream news media for focusing on the ruling class instead of “ regular people . ”
Photo taken by Pamela Benn .
The morguefile contains photographs freely contributed by many artists to be used in creative projects by visitors to the site .
CORRECTION : Due to an error discovered in the scientific paper after this article was posted , the story below has been updated to remove a statement that emissions from lawn maintenance could " exceed four times " the carbon they end up storing , and replace it with “ similar to or greater than . ”
According to Jennifer Fitzenberger , assistant director of media relations at the University of California , Irvine : " Emissions from lawn maintenance are now ' similar to or greater than ' the amount of carbon stored by ornamental grass in parks , depending on management intensity ... There was a spreadsheet error in the scientific paper caught after our release went out , hence the revised numbers .
The overall message still stands though , that turfgrass management can create more greenhouse gas than plants remove from atmosphere . "
Lush green lawns may not be as good for the environment as you might think .
A new study suggests that , in certain parts of the country , total emissions would actually be lower if there were n't any lawns .
Previous studies have demonstrated that lawns comprised of turfgrass can potentially function as carbon sinks since they help remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere .
But the maintenance of lawns — fertilizer production , mowing , leaf blowing and other lawn management practices — may generate greenhouse gas emissions that ultimately are similar to or greater than the carbon they end up storing , according to the study .
" Lawns look great — they 're nice and green and healthy , and they 're photosynthesizing a lot of organic carbon , " said researcher Amy Townsend - Small , who co-authored the study .
" But the carbon - storing benefits of lawns are counteracted by fuel consumption . "
To reach their conclusion , the researchers sampled grass from four parks around Irvine , Calif .
that contained either ornamental lawn turf or athletic field turf , which tended to be more trampled and required replanting and frequent aeration .
Samples were taken from the soil and air above the turf , and analyzed to measure carbon sequestration and nitrous oxide emissions .
The investigators then compared that data to the amount of carbon dioxide emissions that resulted from maintaining the turf , which included fuel consumption , irrigation and fertilizer production .
The results , detailed in the forthcoming issue of the journal Geophysical Research Letters , showed that nitrous oxide emissions from lawns were comparable to those found in agricultural farms , which are considered among the largest emitters of nitrous oxide globally .
In ornamental lawns , nitrous oxide emissions from fertilization offset just 10 percent to 30 percent of the carbon that was sequestered .
But day - to - day management required fossil fuel consumption that released as much or more carbon dioxide than the plots could take up .
Athletic fields fared even worse .
They did n't trap nearly as much carbon as ornamental grass but required just as much emission - generating care .
" It 's impossible for these lawns to be net greenhouse gas sinks because too much fuel is used to maintain them , " Townsend - Small said .
Influenza virus growth in eggs
Before the development of cell culture , many viruses were propagated in embryonated chicken eggs .
Today this method is most commonly used for growth of influenza virus .
The excellent yield of virus from chicken eggs has led to their widespread use in research laboratories and for vaccine production .
In fact the vast majority of influenza vaccines – both inactivated and infectious – are produced in chicken eggs .
How is influenza virus propagated in eggs ?
The illustration below shows a cutaway view of an embryonated chicken egg .
The different routes of inoculation into the egg are shown , as well as the different compartments in which viruses replicate .
For propagation of influenza virus , pathogen - free eggs are used 11 - 12 days after fertilization .
The egg is placed in front of a light source to locate a non-veined area of the allantoic cavity just below the air sac .
This is marked with a pencil .
After all the eggs have been ‘ candled ’ in this way , a small nick is made in the shell at this position using a jeweler ’s scribe .
Next , a hole is drilled at the top of the egg with a Dremel motorized tool .
If this is not done , when virus is injected , the pressure in the air sac will simply force out the inoculum .
After all the eggs have been nicked and drilled , they are inoculated with virus using a tuberculin syringe – a 1 ml syringe fitted with a 1 / 2 inch , 27 gauge needle .
The needle passes through the hole in the shell , through the chorioallantoic membrane , and the virus is placed in the allantoic cavity , which is filled with allantoic fluid .
The two holes in the shell are sealed with melted paraffin , and the eggs are placed at 37 degrees C for 48 hours .
During the incubation period , the virus replicates in the cells that make up the chorioallantoic membrane .
As new virus particles are produced by budding , they are released into the allantoic fluid .
To harvest the virus , the top of the egg shell – the part covering the air sac – is removed .
We used to have a special tool to do this , which was placed over the egg .
When the handle of this tool is squeezed , it makes a neat crack around the top of the egg .
It was then easy to remove the flap of shell with tweezers .
The shell membrane and chorioallantoic membrane are pierced with a pipette which is then used to remove the allantoic fluid – about 10 ml per egg .
Sufficient virus may be produced in one or two eggs ( depending on the viral strain ) to produce one 15 microgram dose of vaccine .
We used to grow so much influenza virus that a large walk - in warm room was used as an egg incubator .
When you opened the door of the incubator and heard peeping , it meant that someone had left unused eggs too long and they had hatched .
Then you were left with the task of catching the evasive chicks .
The information you get from social media analytics tools will help you determine which strategies work best — and where to spend your hard - earned dollars .
Social media analytics tools will show you which tactics and strategies are working , and which are n’t .
This allows you to better focus your time , effort , and budget .
Analytics also help you create social media performance reports to share with your team , stakeholders , and boss .
In this article , you ’ll learn about some of the best free social media analytics tools available , along with some more robust paid options .
We ’ll cover how to use them most effectively to analyze and improve results .
Bonus :
Get a free social media analytics report template that shows you the most important metrics to track for each network .
13 of the best social media analytics tools
Key benefits : Performance data from every social network in one place with easy - to - understand reports
Paid tool
Most social media management platforms have built - in analytics tools .
We hope you ’ll forgive us for saying Hootsuite ’s reporting capabilities are our favorite …
Hootsuite Analytics offers a complete picture of all your social media efforts in one place .
This simplifies your social media analytics work .
It saves time and makes it easy to compare aggregate results across networks .
You ’ll see key metrics for each of your social posts , including :
Clicks
Comments
Reach
Shares
Video views
Video reach
You ’ll also see metrics for each of your profiles , including follower growth over time .
You can select the metrics that matter most to you so you can see all the relevant results at a glance .
You can use the customizable templates to track , analyze , and monitor your performance on each social network .
And with just one click , you can export these reports to Excel , PowerPoint , PDF , or CSV .
The result is a clear , easy - to - read social media analytics report to share with your team , your clients , or your boss .
Hootsuite Analytics also provides a clear picture of social team performance metrics , including :
Productivity
Response time
Resolution time for assigned posts , mentions , and comments .
Want to know more about how the Hootsuite Analytics Suite can help you power your social strategy ?
Download our infosheet on five things you can do with the Hootsuite Analytics Suite to build stronger customer connections .
Hootsuite Analytics is included in the Hootsuite professional plan , with you can try for free for 30 days .
Learn more : Hootsuite Analytics free trial
2. Google Analytics
Key benefit :
See how much traffic and leads flow to your website from your social media channels
Free tool
Google Analytics is one of the best ways to learn about your website visitors .
While it ’s not a social media reporting tool per se , you can use it to set up reports that will help you :
See which social media platforms give you the most traffic
See what content works best with on which social networks
Make sure that you ’re attracting the right audience on social media with demographic data
See how many leads and other conversions your business gets from social media ( sales inquiries , trials , email signups , etc . )
Calculate the ROI of your social media campaigns
With this data , you ’ll be able to get the most out of your social media campaigns and effectively strategize for the future .
Learn more : How to use Google Analytics to track social media success
3. UTM parameters
Key benefit :
See how much web traffic and conversions your social media channels and campaigns generate ( to be used with a web analytics platform like Google Analytics )
Free tool
UTM parameters are not a standalone social media analytics tool , but they are essential in helping you set up Google Analytics ( or another web analytics platform ) to best measure social performance .
Put simply , UTM parameters are short pieces of code appended to the links you share on social media .
They very precisely tell you how many people interact with your content and end up on your website .
In the screenshot above , the UTM parameter is everything that comes after the question mark .
UTM parameters are n’t essential if you ’re only concerned about reporting on social media performance in terms of engagement , followers , etc .
But if you want to take it to the next level , UTM parameters +
Google Analytics will give you more precise data on which social media content and channels drive traffic and conversions .
You do n’t need to know how to write code to include them on your social media posts , either .
If you use a social media management platform like Hootsuite you can automatically generate UTM parameters in seconds .
Learn more : Using UTM
Parameters for robust social media reporting
Key benefits : Analyze brand sentiment and customer demographics in real time
Paid tool
Hootsuite Insights is a powerful social listening tool that doubles as an analytics tool .
It analyzes your earned social mentions so you can measure social sentiment .
Meanwhile , word clouds provide a visual representation of what people are saying about your brand online .
Hootsuite Insights also allows you to analyze data about your audience demographics .
Key audience details include gender , location , and language .
You can compare demographics across networks , or look at the aggregate picture of your audience for all networks combined .
All of this information gives you a clear picture of how people feel about your brand .
This is critical information for an effective social media analytics report .
This is the data that tells you whether a spike in mentions is a victory or a disaster .
Why analyze the social conversation about your brand ?
It reveals key opportunities to reach your audience where they already spend time online talking about your brand and your products .
You can also use Hootsuite Insights to conduct a market analysis .
The tool tracks conversations on news sites , forums , and blogs , as well as social networks .
This gives you a full set of analytics data from across the social web .
Learn more : Hootsuite Insights powered by Brandwatch
Key benefits : Track and analyze data from more than 95 million sources , including blogs , forums , and review sites , as well as social networks
Paid tool
Brandwatch is a powerful tool with five easy - to - use social media analytics report templates :
Summary : A high - level view of social conversations about your brand , competitors , or keywords .
A high - level view of social conversations about your brand , competitors , or keywords .
Trends :
A report on the conversations and accounts influencing a specific topic or hashtag , including mentions per hour or minute .
A report on the conversations and accounts influencing a specific topic or hashtag , including mentions per hour or minute .
Reputation : A checkup on sentiment trends you might need to monitor or address .
A checkup on sentiment trends you might need to monitor or address .
Influencers : A report to help you identify influencers relevant to your brand and analyze their activity .
A report to help you identify influencers relevant to your brand and analyze their activity .
Competitor comparison : Benchmarking data for conversation volume , sentiment , and share of voice .
Learn more : Brandwatch Hootsuite Integration
Key benefits : Monitor conversations from more than 150 million sources to analyze engagement , potential reach , comments , sentiment , and emotions
Paid tool
Talkwalker offers analytics related to social conversations beyond your owned social properties , including :
Mentions
Brand sentiment
Important influencers
Author lists
You can filter by region , demographics , device , type of content , and more .
Talkwalker is especially useful to spot activity peaks in conversations about your brand .
This can help you determine the best times for your brand to post on social media .
Learn more : Talkwalker Hootsuite integration
Key benefits :
Track how organic and paid social impact real business goals and get recommendations for how to improve
Paid tool
Hootsuite Impact provides an in - depth look at the performance of your organic and paid social posts .
It then compares that performance to specific business goals , like sales and leads generated .
Next , it recommends actions to improve your results .
Hootsuite Impact integrates with tools like Google Analytics , Adobe Analytics , and your ad accounts on the various social platforms .
This gives you a full picture of your post and campaign results , all in one place .
With organic and paid analytics side - by - side , you do n’t have to gather data from separate tools to create a social media analytics report .
Instead , you see exactly how much revenue all your social efforts generate , so you can prove your social ROI .
Keep in mind that ROI is not only about sales generated .
Hootsuite Impact uses a custom ROI formula developed specifically for your business .
This gives you the most relevant and realistic analytics data for your organization .
You ’ll also get a clear breakdown that shows you exactly how to replicate your successes and improve in the areas where you ’re falling short .
To get the best insights from social analytics , you need to understand how other businesses in your industry compare .
Hootsuite Impact shows how your results stack up against your competitors , so you can spot opportunities to improve .
Learn more : Hootsuite Impact
Key benefits :
See how people are engaging with your Facebook Page , understand your audience , and track your Facebook ad performance
Free tools
Facebook actually offers three built - in social media analytics tools .
Since they all cover aspects of Facebook Page analytics , we ’re treating them as one tool in this post .
Here are the key data points you can collect from each of the three in - platform Facebook analytics tools .
Facebook Page Insights :
Page and post engagement , post and story reach , recommendations , responsiveness , video views , follower growth , orders and earnings , when your audience is online , and competitor benchmarking .
: Page and post engagement , post and story reach , recommendations , responsiveness , video views , follower growth , orders and earnings , when your audience is online , and competitor benchmarking .
Facebook Audience Insights :
For both your existing audience and the overall Facebook audience , track demographic factors like age , gender , job title , and relationship status ; interests and hobbies ; life events ; and which other Facebook Pages they like .
For both your existing audience and the overall Facebook audience , track demographic factors like age , gender , job title , and relationship status ; interests and hobbies ; life events ; and which other Facebook Pages they like .
Facebook Ad Center :
Ad spend , people reached , post engagement , and link clicks .
Learn more : How to use Facebook Page Insights , How to use Facebook Audience Insights
Key benefits : Understand the performance of your paid and organic Twitter posts and learn which other Twitter users have the most potential to amplify your content
Free tool
Twitter analytics is divided into three main sections .
There ’s the “ Account home ” overview , the Tweet activity dashboard , and the campaign dashboard .
Here ’s what you can track in each section :
Account home :
This screen offers monthly highlights .
You ’ll find your account ’s top tweet , top follower and top mention .
It ’s a good place to get a snapshot of your best performing content and identify potential influencers or brand ambassadors .
This screen offers monthly highlights .
You ’ll find your account ’s top tweet , top follower and top mention .
It ’s a good place to get a snapshot of your best performing content and identify potential influencers or brand ambassadors .
Tweet activity dashboard : Track the engagements and impressions on your tweets over a selected period .
You can click on any Tweet to get more data , including video views , link clicks , retweets , replies , and more .
Click Top
Tweets to get a list of your best performing Tweets with all of their metrics .
Track the engagements and impressions on your tweets over a selected period .
You can click on any Tweet to get more data , including video views , link clicks , retweets , replies , and more .
Click to get a list of your best performing Tweets with all of their metrics .
Campaign dashboard : Track your Twitter ads .
Metrics include impressions , reach , engagement rate , and cost per action .
If you set up conversion tracking , you can also get details about how your Twitter ads drive conversions on your website .
Learn more : How to use Twitter analytics
Key benefits : Learn about the demographics of your Instagram audience and track the performance of your Instagram posts and Stories
Free tool , only available to business and creator accounts
Business and creator accounts can use Instagram Insights to track audience and activity metrics .
The information is divided into three main sections :
Content : Track how individual posts and Stories perform with metrics like likes , replies , and sticker taps .
Track how individual posts and Stories perform with metrics like likes , replies , and sticker taps .
Activity : Track how many people see your posts and Stories .
You ’ll also see how they find your content , and how many interactions ( like profile visits ) and your content receives .
Track how many people see your posts and Stories .
You ’ll also see how they find your content , and how many interactions ( like profile visits ) and your content receives .
Audience : Learn about your audience demographics and see when they are most likely to be on Instagram .
Learn more : Instagram analytics and metrics to track
Key benefits : Understand the reach of your Snapchat content and learn more about your audience
Free tool , only available to Snap Stars and those who have a large number of followers
Snapchat Insights are only available to users with a high number of followers .
Snapchat does n’t define this number specifically .
To check if you have access , go to your profile screen and look for the Insights option .
Here are the key metrics you can track with Snapchat Insights :
Views :
Find out exactly how many people are viewing your snaps , and for how long , broken down by week or month .
Find out exactly how many people are viewing your snaps , and for how long , broken down by week or month .
Reach :
How many unique views your receive per day , plus average view time and completion rate .
How many unique views your receive per day , plus average view time and completion rate .
Audience : Learn about your audience ’s top interest and lifestyle categories , as well as the top regions where they ’re located .
Learn more : Snapchat Insights : How to Use the Analytics Tool ( And What to Track )
Key benefits : Understand your Pinterest audience ’s interests and track key metrics for paid and organic Pins
Free tool
Pinterest ’s built - in social media analytics tools are divided into two main sections .
These are Audience insights and Pinterest Analytics .
Here are the key details you can track and analyze with each :
Audience Insights :
Top categories and interests , affinity , age , gender , location , and advice .
Top categories and interests , affinity , age , gender , location , and advice .
Pinterest Analytics :
Track key metrics like impressions , engagements , video views , and link clicks .
You ’ll also find Pinterest - specific stats like saves and closeups .
You can view this information for organic Pins , paid Pins , or all of your Pinterest content .
Learn more : A Simple Guide to Using Pinterest Analytics
Key benefits : Understand who ’s visiting your LinkedIn Page and evaluate the effectiveness of your posts and recruiting efforts
Free tool , only available to Page admins
LinkedIn Page Analytics provides data on three key areas of your Linked In efforts : your posts , your page , and your recruiting .
Here ’s what you can measure and track in each area :
Updates : Track impressions , reactions , comments , shares , and other engagement for both paid and organic posts .
Track impressions , reactions , comments , shares , and other engagement for both paid and organic posts .
Visitors : Track how many people visited your page .
Learn about their demographics , including device type , job function , location , seniority , and industry .
Track how many people visited your page .
Learn about their demographics , including device type , job function , location , seniority , and industry .
Followers : Discover the same kinds of demographic info , but for followers instead of visitors .
Learn more : LinkedIn Analytics : The Complete Guide for Marketers
How to use social media analytics to measure success
Now you know how to gather and track all of your important social media analytics data .
Next , it ’s important to think about how to use the information to measure success and guide your social media strategy .
Here ’s a simple three - step process :
1. Set SMART goals
Goal - setting is an important part of any social media strategy , and analytics provide important data to help steer your goal - setting process .
SMART goals work particularly well with analytics - based goal - setting and reporting .
They are by definition clearly measurable .
Remember , SMART goals are :
Specific
Measurable
Achievable
Relevant
Timely
Gathering data from your social analytics tools helps give you a baseline .
This allows you to understand the picture of where your social media results stand right now .
It also gives you a sense of how things have been changing over time .
Use this information to create meaningful goals that challenge your team but are ultimately achievable .
Need some help setting meaningful goals ?
Check out our guide on how to set goals for social media .
2. Track and share your results
Social media analytics tools allow you to see how you ’re progressing towards your goals .
This is important information to share with your team , and with those in your organization who make budget and resource decisions .
Showing that you ’re meeting your goals can help validate all the hard work that you and your team put into your social media work .
Remember to celebrate these successes .
Sometimes you might struggle to meet your goals .
This is a great opportunity to think about what additional resources or strategy tweaks could help get you to where you want to be .
Regularly tracking and reporting on key metrics ensures you spot any slides in your social activity early .
Then , you can pivot your strategy or just dig deeper into the data to see what you can learn and what lessons can be applied .
3 . Test and refine your strategy
Social media analytics tools give you a clear picture of which content works best and which falls flat .
You ’ll also learn important details about your audience .
The rich set of data available through social media analytics allows you to see how well your social media strategy is working .
You ’ll uncover new insights all the time .
These will help refine the way you connect with your audience and make your work more effective .
Maybe you ’ll learn that your audience responds best at an unexpected time of day .
Maybe you ’ll find out that they ca n’t get enough of GIFs .
Or maybe you ’ll discover that your audience on Instagram is fundamentally different from your audience on Twitter .
Then you can think about how to target your content most appropriately for each network .
Free social media analytics report template
We ’ve created a free social media analytics template you can use to collect data about your performance on the various social networks .
Bonus :
Get a free social media analytics report template that shows you the most important metrics to track for each network .
For more information on how to share your analytics data effectively , check out our post on how to create an effective social media report .
Track your social media performance and maximize your budget with Hootsuite .
Publish your posts and analyze the results in the same , easy - to - use dashboard .
Try it free today .
Get Started
About Goldsmith
Goldsmith Jewelers : Provo ’s Fine Jewelry Store
Welcome to the Goldsmith Co. family !
For more than 40 years we have provided students , families , and businesses with exquisite jewelry choices of unsurpassed quality from our conveniently located store in historic downtown Provo , Utah
Over the years , we ’ve helped more than 100,000 young men get her to say “ Yes . ”
( We ’ve also helped a lot of them stay married in spite of themselves ! )
The customer loyalty that began when we helped them buy their engagement ring often carries forward for a lifetime .
We enjoy a very high rate of repeat customers — some even arranging to come back to Utah every year to purchase jewelry , because they just love the experience and trust the quality and integrity of our offerings .
Come see what it feels like to shop for fine jewelry with no pressure , no cookie - cutter choices , and no one manipulating you into buying something you ca n’t afford .
We do n’t want you to leave happy .
We want you to leave singing !
If you have any questions feel free to contact us and we will see what we can do to help .
The perl motto reads ,
’There ’s more than one way to do it !’.
I think that line is pretty much applicable to anything we do on Linux .
What comes to your mind when someone mentions Linux ?
The terminal !
Why is it important ?
Because thats where you run commands in Linux , silly !
Google turned up quite a few alternatives for a Linux terminal emulator .
Like any demanding customer , i wanted to know what alternative was the best .
So I ran a lame test on all of them , the time they take to print stuff .
i know the puritans would argue that memory , cpu usage and [ to a far lesser extent ] download size are the parameters that decide how good a software is .
My counter argument would be the fact that all of that is taken for granted today !
Our laptops are more powerful than Crays were a decade ago .
So stop whining about those performance metrics , unless an app actually causes your system to hang or use up 90 + % of resources !
Very machine specific measure , yes .
But the relative speeds will probably scale , and thus its a good indicator of how good a terminal emulator is .
Spewed out text is pretty much all the output we get in terminals , our own inputs apart .
What if the terminal printing speed was the bottleneck here ?
Assuming it is , my post should shed some light on whats the best option out there for use .
The various emulators i tested are : gnome - terminal , aterm , the shell inside emacs , guake , rxvt and xterm .
I cat ’ed a text file 100 times to create a 30 mb text file that contained about 210,000 lines .
And used `time cat big_file` on each of the terminals .
The value is the average of 5 runs .
The results are presented below :
Terminal Time(s ) aterm 7.6365 emacs 92.9118 gnome - terminal 68.953 guake 70.4815 rxvt 9.47 xterm 12.9122
Strangely though , xterm took 40s to do the same job when i had it maximized .
I ’m guessed it ’s probably because it had to manipulate more onscreen text when maximized .
Parting notes , chuck gnome - terminal !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Tags : aterm , emacs , gnome , Linux , speed , terminal , xterm
James Cameron ’s science - fiction blockbuster “ Avatar ” takes place in 2154 on the lush moon Pandora .
To help make the set believable , Jodie Holt , chairwoman of the department of botany and plant sciences at UC Riverside , was approached to consult on the film ’s plant life , as well as how a botanist would study such flora .
Holt , a plant physiologist , talked about her involvement in the film and the “ Pandorapedia , ” a detailed catalog of the moon ’s features , including its many plants .
How did you become involved in the film ?
I was called by Nicole Pitesa , [ producer ]
Jon Landau ’s assistant , in early 2007 ; she asked if I would be interested in advising an A - list actress in “ Avatar ” on how to be a credible botanist .
The movie was in preproduction at that time .
I later learned that Nicole had searched local universities for botany departments and found us at UC Riverside .
Advertisement
What type of advice did you lend them ?
After being briefed on the plot and being shown early images of the plants on Pandora by Jon Landau , I met with Sigourney Weaver [ who plays botanist Grace Augustine ] and set designers to talk about how a field botanist would study and sample plants to learn about their physiology and biochemistry .
We also talked about the idea of communication among plants , and between plants and the Na’vi , and how that might be explained .
Subsequently , I worked with a set designer to ensure that his designs for the field and lab equipment were credible .
Can you give specific examples about the set ?
I did not work on all the scientific sets and props by any means .
What we talked about was the concept of plant communication , which is integral to the movie , and how this could be studied by Grace .
Advertisement
Since life on Pandora was intended to adhere to our known laws of physics and biology , it was not credible to me to suggest that the plants had any kind of nervous system .
Instead , I suggested that communication among the plants could credibly be explained by signal transduction , an area of research that deals with how plants perceive a signal and respond to it .
Since this process is still not well understood but is under active investigation , it made sense to use it as an explanation for Grace ’s more futuristic understanding of plants .
Subsequently , the set designer and I exchanged many e-mails about how Grace might sample plants and study this process .
In the actual movie , which I ’ve now seen four times , I studied the equipment and labs -- and everything looks just fine and quite credible .
The only real sample one sees Grace take is with a syringe , which is a reasonable thing to do .
As far as field equipment goes , we agreed that 150 years in the future the equipment would likely be much smaller and more efficient , hence the small packs the scientists carried .
Overall I thought the science in the movie was fantastic !
However , several of my colleagues noted , as I did , that the fact that Grace smoked could be a problem in the lab .
The tobacco mosaic virus is common on cigarette tobacco and can easily be transmitted from a smoker ’s hands to biological samples and contaminate them .
I was never consulted about the smoking , as this was a part of Grace ’s character separate from the science .
Only biologists in the audience who work with molecular samples would think of this , however .
Later , in the fall of 2008 , Jon Landau called to ask if I would be interested in writing descriptions of the plants , including fabricating Latin names , to be included in the games and book that were planned .
The result was a set of Pandorapedia entries , completed in early 2009 .
Advertisement
What were some of the names in the Pandorapedia ?
In mid-December , a book was published called “ Avatar : An Activist Survival Guide . ”
The plant descriptions I wrote are in Chapter 4 .
These include taxonomy ( Latin names I made up using the correct rules of nomenclature ) , a description of each plant , and information about ecology and ethnobotany .
Since some of the plants looked like Earth plants , while others were quite fantastic , and others resembled each other , I started by grouping them by somewhat similar appearance to develop a crude taxonomy .
For plants that resembled Earth plants , I gave them similar names , such as Pseudocycas altissima for a plant that looks like a tall Earth cycad .
Others I named for their appearance , such as Obesus rotundus for the puffball tree .
This project was very challenging but also a lot of fun .
What botanist would not want to “ discover ” new plants and name them herself ?
Advertisement
I understand that some of these Pandorapedia entries are also contained in the games that were released .
However , my husband and I have not yet achieved much proficiency at the video game , so we have not been able to explore Pandora and learn about the plants that way .
Hopefully , we can get my young nephew to help us .
Did the film challenge you to think about what plants will look like in the future ?
No , the movie is only about 150 years into the future , which is not a lot of time for major evolutionary advances .
The real question I dealt with in working on both the movie and the Pandorapedia was how the environment on Pandora would have selected the many unusual , bizarre plants found there , as well as some that look very much like plants currently found on Earth .
I wrote an essay on this , which is also in the “ Avatar Survival Guide . ”
The information on the environment of Pandora -- including the atmosphere , soil , gravity , etc. -- was provided by James Cameron , and I had to piece it together to create a credible explanation for how this environment would have selected the many strange plants on Pandora with their unusual adaptations .
Advertisement
For example , the atmosphere is thicker than on Earth , with higher concentrations of carbon dioxide , as well as xenon and hydrogen sulfide .
Gravity is weaker .
And there is a strong magnetic field .
Given the role of the environment in plant evolution , one would therefore expect to see gigantism , less of a gravity response ( which makes stems grow up and roots grow down ) , and possibly a response to magnetic fields , which I named “ magnetotropism . ”
Are there specific plants that you are most familiar with ?
Did this background aid the film in some way ?
At UC Riverside , I study weedy and invasive plants .
However , all my degrees are in botany and I have taught general botany for 12 years .
In this class , I routinely challenge students to analyze plant morphology and anatomy to explain plant adaptations to the environment .
These experiences teaching botany were incredibly useful to me in working on the movie .
lori.kozlowski@latimes.com
The Obama administration is known for its tech - savvyness and their latest move is no stranger to that .
The White House has just announced via its blog the launch of an official " White House app " and it 's actually a pretty good one .
On top of letting you access all kinds of content like news items , behind - the - scenes photos and on - demand videos , it will give you access to live video streams .
Here is the official statement :
Now anyone with this app can watch the President ’s public events at the White House , frequent web chats with Administration officials , and other events like key speeches and press briefings in real time .
In fact , the President ’s State of the Union speech next week is a great example .
In addition to the millions of Americans watching through TV and websites like WhiteHouse . gov / live , iPhone users on the go will be able to tune in through their phones .
Spreading interregional peace and goodwill , via force if necessary
Improving the world one resolution at a time
Ending School Segregation
A resolution to promote funding and the development of education and the arts .
For ▼ ▲ 11,545 86.7 %
For 1,778 Against Voting ends in 1 day 12 hours .
Recent : Sovereign Justice Accord was passed 10,994 votes to 2,799 .
Resolutions : 513 Proposals : 3 Forum : General Assembly
For a good many of us who cheer for the Oilers the realization that the club is poor is beginning to set in .
The shot differential has improved substantially since I looked at the worst outshooting teams since the lockout , but still sits at a lovely - 5.5 per game .
Should they finish the season with that total it would be the third worst since the lockout .
To make matters worse , Ales Hemsky is now done for the year and there is some chance that Shawn Horcoff may be joining him .
As for straight wins and losses the Oilers are now last in the Conference in points percentage and tied for last in wins even though they 've played three more games at home than on the road to this point in the season .
Yes , it 's beginning to look a lot like a lottery club and should the Oilers finish in the bottom three in the NHL , it would be the first time it 's happened in the Oilers ' NHL history ( as Oiler fans we do n't have a lot of experience with top five picks and the little we have is better left forgotten ) .
Dark days .
The bright side to all of this is that the team is likely bad enough that this season could well result in a top prospect joining the Oilers this Spring .
Looking at some of the underperforming deals that run through next season there must be some temptation to just let the team suck for a couple more seasons .
After all , look at what teams like Pittsburgh and Chicago have been able to do after tearing down and building back up .
In addition , YKOil recently pointed out just how many Stanley Cup winners emerged from the ashes of a brutal team who got its choice of the young kids who come out to be harvested each Spring .
So what of these tear - down rebuilds ?
Do most of them succeed in creating a great team like the Hawks or Pens that we see today ?
After the jump , I 'll take a more detailed look .
I was discussing this question or rebuilds with Ender earlier this week and although we did n't agree on a whole lot , we did manage to agree that in order to determine whether or not most teams who rebuild are successful we need to define some pretty important terms , namely , what is a rebuild , when is it over and would does success look like ) .
But before those questions can be answered we must first decide which seasons we 're looking at .
I decided to use only rebuilds that began in 1991 or later .
I chose this date because it 's the beginning of the expansion era which , I think , had a significant effect on the " win-now " vs. " rebuild " stances .
As the NHL continued to expand , the dichotomy between " win-now " and " rebuild " became more and more stark .
When there are only five teams missing the playoffs , you really can give your fans hope each year and if you miss the playoffs , there 's a wonderful consolation .
When fourteen teams miss the playoffs trying to do both may well result in a lot of 13th or 14th place finishes that do n't yield a shiny new youngster or playoff hockey .
It really is better to choose one .
The next pertinent issue to consider is what exactly is a full - on rebuild .
I considered this to be any team that had two top five selections in two different seasons over a three season sample .
One could use other defnitions , but this one gave me a good number of teams to look at ( 22 rebuilds have begun since 1991 by this definition ) and included most of the teams I would consider to have been rebuilding .
The first year of the rebuilding phase is , then , the first year the club has a top five pick .
The team would then be in the rebuilding phase until they post two consecutive seasons where the team does not have a pick in the top ten of the draft .
The first year out of the rebuilding phase would then be the first of those two seasons .
When deciding what to call success I would like to call it at least one appearance in the Conference Finals plus as many years in the playoffs as were taken up in the rebuild .
Presumably the choices are " rebuild " or " win now . "
If the " win now " option is generally considered , at worst , a playoff bubble team ( though there will be exceptions ) I do n’t think it ’s fair to call a rebuild that yielded a playoff bubble team a success .
There needs to be some high end results and some sustained success .
I close the " post - build " period after the team in question has missed the playoffs twice .
So using those definitions and criteria for success , here are the results for the rebuilds since 1991 :
First of all , the little + symbol in the playoffs column means that the post - rebuild period is n't yet closed .
The first thing I wanted to note is that rebuilds do n't always lead to a great deal of success .
There are just as many examples of teams who fail while rebuilding as there are examples of teams that succeed .
Quite often a team goes through a period of being very bad only to end up mediocre .
Rebuilding successfully is n't easy and should n't be treated as a slam dunk to get a better club .
Rebuilding also takes time .
The successful rebuilds were all three seasons or longer .
You might argue Carolina 's latest a success but , even though that group won the Stanley Cup , they really have n't had any sustain .
In the more recent history rebuilds have tended to be more successful .
Of the two that failed , one of them ( Carolina ) actually won the Stanley Cup in its only playoff appearance .
This might mean that rebuilding from scratch is a better strategy in this CBA , or it might simply be that the drafts from 2002 - 07 had better top end talent than those that came before .
It will be interesting to see if some of these other rebuilding groups end up having success comparable to that of the Hawks , Capitals and Penguins .
Bringing it back to the Oilers , I think they would do well to tear down and rebuild for at least the next two seaons .
If they plan now to rebuild over a period of three seasons it gives them a lot of options .
Suddenly value today is worth a lot less and value four or so years down the line .
It 's an important decision and one that the Oilers need to make in earnest before the trade deadline of this season and , one would hope , even sooner .
This is the place where I have chosen to share " The Haitian Experience " I have been blessed with .
My first visit was in 2008 , I fell in love and returned in October of the same year .
On January 12 of 2010 , the love I have for the people of Haiti , was powerful enough to get me on a plane , to fly into the unknown , to help the people who have helped to make me a better person .
This is my story , I hope you enjoy !
Joanne
Kyle Siler
Sifting Through The Data
Siler chose to study poker as he “ is interested in the contexts and contingencies that make different competitive strategies more successful and more popular ” and due to the very nature of the card game , poker rooms made an apt environment to study such aforementioned features in detail .
The “ online poker boom ” has meant that many more players are becoming involved in the game , as the “ intimidation factor of facing card sharks and shady characters in back - rooms , or huffing down second , third , and eighth - hand smoke in a Las Vegas casino ” has effectively been removed .
Internet poker has also proved a more academically viable topic , as unlike its offline counterpart , online poker allows scientists such as Siler , using programs such as HandHQ.com and PokerTracker.com which record hand histories , to “ study human behaviour with real money and real decisions ” .
Siler chose to focus on No Limit Texas Hold 'em , as this poker variation “ has a significant social - psychological component , in addition to the technicalities of the card game ” and as yet , scientists have been unable to develop a bot which can beat the very human interactions which take place during the game .
Using “ 27 million anonymized hand histories ” from HandHQ.com , Siler soon found that “ the larger percentage of hands one wins , the less money they tend to win ” .
While Siler ’s study discusses in - depth the reasons behind this “ counterintuitive incentive structure ” , the scientist summarised them as follows :
I theorized that the asymmetric incentive structure ( frequent small wins , outweighed by occasional big losses ) and not understanding the existence and logic of Pyrrhic victories ( a victory which proves devastating for the victor ) , were what appeared to hurt losing players .
Behavioural economics has shown that people have difficulty weighting occasional large losses vis -à - vis frequent small wins , in part because humans tend to perceive risks and gains differently .
So , it appears that for whatever reason , people ( or at least , losing poker players ) tend not to evaluate their risks and rewards appropriately or proportionally .
PKR Poker Room
Taking Reasonable Risks
Online poker and the advent of HandHQ.com and PokerTracker.com software have meant that savvy players are now able to take analytical advantage of loopholes in their competitors ’ gameplay .
Recounting the now - legendary loss of unknown online poker player “ Isildur1 ” , Siler suggests how Isiludur1 ’s victor , Brian Townsend , poured “ over hand histories , creating a database of 30 K hands to delineate the ranges of hands Isildur1 plays in certain situations ” .
Using this information , Townsend helped Brian Hastings , another pro-poker player , win $ 4 million from Isildur1 during a “ nosebleed ” session ( a “ super high - stakes game ” ) even though the “ competitive edges ” were “ presumably small ” .
Internet poker has meant a shift not only in the way competitors can take advantage of others , but also in strategy .
As Siler proposes :
A book like Caro's Poker Tells ( which discusses common poker “ tells ” which can be used to the advantage of players ) may have been invaluable twenty years ago , and might still be useful if you want to play a lot of live poker , but I 'd be inclined to argue that a player would be better off studying game theory , mathematics and strategy on the better online poker forums .
Adapting To Technological Advances
On the topic of tells , we asked Siler about PKR.com , an online poker site which incorporates the use of 3D graphics as well as social elements .
Wildly differing from 2D style poker rooms , PKR.com has set itself apart by giving players the ability to choose from a variety of bodily gestures , ranging from winking and yawning to twirling their poker chips .
While the incorporation of “ tells ” may be seen by some as a gimmick , Siler suggests that all poker sites , including PKR.com , offer players the ability to find out another ’s “ click tells ” , with “ rapid responses presumably representing strength , and slow responses representing deliberation ” .
The speed of the player allows others to assess the “ tell ” , as , quoting poker author Caro , “ weak means strong and " strong means weak ” .
Similar to the online casino industry , internet poker has attempted to incorporate all of the Las Vegas style perks in the form of complimentary points .
In the case of PokerStars.com – another popular poker website , players are encouraged to play a high volume of hands in order to receive better benefits .
Such perks often cloud a player ’s perception when it comes to wins / losses , as even though they ’re losing money , players can find solace in the number of comps or benefits they ’ve received .
Referring to PokerStars , Siler suggests that he has “ seen players declare that their monthly / yearly goals involve moving up PokerStars perks levels before increasing your bankroll ” .
Using the example of “ FGators ” , a notorious player and member of the 2+2 forum ( TwoPlusTwo.com )
Siler observes that he was “ known as a mediocre major mid-stakes multi- tabler who was a small net loser and complained quite a bit on the internet about his luck , but he also vowed to soldier on and buy a Porsche using Stars Frequent Player Points ” .
“ FGators ” ability to frame losses in view of more abstract wins has confused many other players , notably the author of a topic on FlopTurnRiver.com who titled his post on the PokerStars player as “ FGators .
Douche or Shark ? ”
Profiting From Experience
While Siler ’s study offers a sociological analysis of online poker , the scientist is a gambler himself and therefore knows how players feel when their losses are racking up against them .
In order to combat the “ counterintuitive incentive structure ” he has uncovered , Siler recommends that poker players should realise “ that often you have to sometimes ‘ lose the battle to win the war . ’ ”
Turning the structure on its head , Siler suggests that you can take advantage of his findings by allowing players to claim the small pots “ then fleece them when you have a decent hand . ”
Siler also offers advice to newcomers to poker , recommending that once they have become comfortable with more mathematics based games such as Limit Texas Hold 'em , they should “ expand ” their knowledge of the game using books such as Small Stakes Hold 'em and begin their “ journey up the ladder ” .
Once your skills have developed , Siler recommends joining a poker room “ through an affiliate that gives you rakeback and deposit bonuses ” .
Siler ’s study could not only influence the win/ loss perception of your average poker player , his findings could also help progress the development of a No Limit Hold 'em bot .
Even though Siler remains notably modest when asked whether his findings could aid the work of computer scientists , suggesting that his “ research might be of some small help ” , Siler believes “ that advances in hardware , software and ingenuity will make a very competitive bot some point in the not - so - distant future ” .
In a lesser discussed element of his work , Siler also found interesting comparative data on the nature of pairs based poker hands , observing that “ for small - stakes players ( NL50 ) , small pairs ( 22 - 77 ) were more profitable than medium pairs ( 88 - JJ ) , despite the fact that medium pairs are better hands ” .
Accounting this data “ to the fact that unskilled players have difficulty reading the ambiguous value of middle pairs ” , this relatively small segment of Siler ’s study shows that the scientist has a lot more to give to the online poker world .
If we were to make a prediction on the future of Siler ’s study , we would n’t be surprised to see the social scientist being offered a role at any of the online poker industry ’s key businesses , as his current and consequent research will no doubt prove incredibly fruitful to poker players and bosses alike .
Casino Online wishes to thank Kyle Siler for participating in our interview .
Dr. Kyle Siler 's image is courtesy of Robert Barker - Cornell University Photography .
You can follow Kyle Siler on twitter by visiting https://twitter.com/KyleSiler .
We 're all beautiful .
This is a safe place to be beautiful .
Love , respect and support each other .
Iran continued to arrest opposition members on Tuesday in what seemed to be an effort to curb further protests after Sunday ’s defiant demonstrations against the government , according to opposition Web sites .
The authorities arrested dozens of journalists , students and activists on Monday and Tuesday , the Web sites said .
Among those arrested was the sister of the Nobel laureate Shirin Ebadi , who has been critical of the government .
The crackdown appears to be the largest since June , when antigovernment protests exploded after the country ’s widely disputed presidential election .
Sunday ’s protests were the bloodiest since the summer , and on Tuesday an opposition Web site , Jaras , said the death toll was likely to be significantly higher than previously thought .
The site quoted what it said was a leaked confidential report by the official news agency IRNA , saying that 37 people had been killed .
Kim Stanley Robinson's new novel , Galileo's Dream , takes the titanic astronomer - mathematician from Renaissance Italy to the moons of Jupiter in the 31st century to assist in a political battle pitting science against religion .
We talked to him about creating worlds .
Advertisement
Some spoilers for Galileo's Dream below .
Robinson , 57 , is a master at balancing both an interest in science and a commitment to character and theme : His Hugo - and Nebula - award - winning Mars trilogy ( Red Mars , Green Mars and Blue Mars ) is often called the finest example of world creation since Dune .
He 's also got an abiding interest in the environment — past , present and future .
Advertisement
Galileo's Dream comes out with impeccable timing : Galileo discovered the Jupiter 's four moons 400 years ago this month .
The scientist , of course , was persecuted by the Church during the last years of his life because of his support of Copernicus then - controversial claim that the earth rotates around the sun .
The Guardian said , " Elegant , charming , funny and profound , Galileo 's Dream is magnifico . "
What made you want to write about Galileo ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
When I did the research for my novel The Years of Rice and Salt , I looked into the history of our scientific revolution , and Galileo was a major figure in that .
He stuck out for his status as some kind of " first scientist , " and for his tangled relations with his patrons and the Catholic Church , and for his flamboyant character .
As a science - fiction writer the idea of writing about the first scientist seemed natural .
When the image came to me of him visiting the moons of Jupiter in a future time , I had my way into the story .
To what extent was this an exercise in world creation for you ?
I do n't know , I think of every novel as " world creation " of one kind or another , so in a way you could say that this one was an exercise in world creation in just the way all novels are .
I did have two pleasures of that sort this time , first in trying to suggest the feel of the years 1609 to 1642 in Italy , and then also to create a brief partial vision of a far future human civilization inhabiting the moons of Jupiter and presumably the rest of the solar system - but all through the eyes of Galileo only , so that it had to be presented at least potentially as his dream .
So that part is not " hard sf " but some kind of Renaissance fantasia , or the future as Galileo would comprehend it .
Advertisement
Is it fair to say this is your first novel set in the far future , maybe even your first unambiguously SF book , in some time ?
Yes , well , it 's true whichever way you parse it , but I do regard alternative history as being unambiguously science fiction , for both historical and genre definition reasons , and so I include The Years of Rice and Salt as unambiguous sf , and it came out in 2002 .
But it was not far future ; indeed , it started pretty far in the past .
For far future sf I would have to go back to Blue Mars , which I finished in 1995 , or even The Memory of Whiteness , which I finished in 1984 .
So yes , in regard to far future science fiction ( if you call five hundred years far - some sf writers do n't ) then it 's been a really long time since I 've done anything like this .
Really , because of the time travel and the aliens ( shh ) involved , it 's true to say that I 've never done anything like this book before .
Advertisement
You and your work are associated with environmental causes ; in some way the movement has gone mainstream .
Do things seem to be getting better or worse than they were a few years ago ?
I think without a doubt they are getting better , in that climate change is a looming long - term crisis that has galvanized the scientific community so much that they have managed to lead the environmental movement , the public , and the politicians , into considering this to be a major problem to be faced and solved as soon as possible .
This was not the case even five years ago , so that is progress ( though our actual carbon burn has not yet started going down ) .
When you consider how much the scientific community tried to stay away from policy before this issue came up , it is really a remarkable thing - something new in history - the scientific community , taking a political stance on something !
Advertisement
It is a hidden little revolutionary moment ; because the implication here is that the ordinary workings of capitalism no longer get to call the shots , that the scientific community is saying , " We must do something that is not immediately profitable , or else disaster will ensue " - and we , the public , have to choose who to believe and how to act .
It means we are entering a kind of civilization crisis period , likely to last for the next generation at least .
In some ways that 's bad , in other ways it clarifies our choices as individuals and societies .
Social justice , for instance , becomes a survival mechanism rather than just a good idea or the right thing to do .
Advertisement
Meaningful jobs in landscape restoration , power swap - out , and the green economy generally will be widespread ; in short , we will have a meaningful goal as a civilization , which is the creation of a permaculture .
How important should science be to science fiction , and how central is it to your work in particular ?
Advertisement
It completely depends on what kind of science fiction you are talking about , and I mean book by book , story by story .
Some science fiction is fiction about science , and there the science is important and really the subject of the story .
In other SF ideas , the details of the science that created the future are not what is important to the story , and so it can be implied in the backdrop and never referred to specifically , just as in a contemporary novel you would n't go into the details of how the TVs work or the principle of airplane flight , etc .
So , I have done science fiction of both kinds , or I should say many kinds , and tried to focus the methods of the book on the goals of the story .
That being said , I am very interested in science , I am married to a scientist , I have hung out with scientists a lot , and done a little bit with the National Science Foundation ; and several of my novels , especially the Mars novels and the climate novels , have been fairly focused on scientists as major characters .
And science as an activity and a changing of the world .
Without saying it is central to my work , it is certainly very important .
Mostly , the way to put it is that I think of myself as a science fiction writer , and believe that our culture is a kind of science fiction that we are all collaborating on together , so , to the extent science is a cultural dominant in our world , and just in trying to be a good novelist , I stay interested in science , as part of trying to understand what 's going on .
Advertisement
Galileo was harassed by the Catholic Church during his lifetime — even living under house arrest for his last years .
Fourteen centuries in the future , he ends up in a place where science and religion are still at war .
Some things never change , eh ?
I think there have been a lot of changes in this dynamic , but there are still some real conflicts in some people and in some parts of society concerning these two kinds of world - view or ideology .
Some of the conflicts are real , I think , while others are the results of misunderstanding on one side or the other , or both .
Advertisement
Galileo himself always insisted he was doing his work as a good Catholic and he was insisting on the Copernican view of the solar system as a way of keeping the Church from making a doctrinal error that it was going to regret later .
He never gave up this position , and I think his vision of a reconciliation between science and religion , and science as a kind of devotional or worship of God 's handiwork , is one that could still work for people who " believe in science " while also feeling that there is something miraculous and sacred about life and the universe .
So , that particular " war " is a kind of category error and the result of inappropriate arrogance on either side , and an urge to fight , or proclaim one 's righteousness , that does no credit to anybody .
Galileo Image by Justus Sustermans
PATRAS , Greece — Scattered in the shade of an olive grove lie the remains of small encampments : blackened pots on the stamped out remains of fires , makeshift huts of plastic sheeting , empty tins of condensed milk .
Nearby , pieces of clothing have been hung out to dry on the barren winter vines .
Welcome to the “ Afghan Jungle , ” a Greek purgatory for undocumented migrants .
“ We do n’t want to stay here , in this country .
There are no human rights here , ” said Mahadi , a young Afghan migrant , as he sat on a sagging mattress and played with a kitten he and friends had adopted .
“ We want to go to Italy , but they wo n’t let us . ”
Patras is the main Greek port for ferries sailing to Italy and undocumented migrants make their way there in hopes of catching a ride .
But many are trapped in Patras for months , living rough while they try to smuggle themselves aboard trucks and shipping containers headed for Italy .
This small Greek city has been a gateway to western Europe for more than a decade .
First came Kurds , then Afghanis .
Now there are Africans and Roma , or gypsies , from Romania as well .
In recent years , the migrants ' numbers have swelled , fueled by the war in Afghanistan and crackdowns on older human - smuggling routes across the Mediterranean from north Africa to countries like Italy and Malta .
Greece has a long coastline and many islands , making its border difficult to secure .
According to the Ministry of Citizen Protection , an average of between 500 and 600 undocumented migrants arrive on Greece 's shores every day .
Throughout Patras now there are pockets of migrants , living on the margins of the Greek city .
The Afghans live in the Jungle and in abandoned buildings .
A group of Africans — mainly African Muslims from Somalia and Sudan — live in a series of abandoned railway cars .
The Roma live in tents on a rubbish - strewn beach .
( The situation echoes that in Calais , France , where migrants camp while trying to sneak across the English Channel to the United Kingdom . )
Greece ’s previous center - right government , which lost power in October , tried to crack down on the undocumented migrants in Patras .
Police razed and burned a shanty town that at times was home to as many as 2,000 Afghanis and stepped up police patrols near the port .
Christos Karapiperis , who works with the Greek Red Cross in Patras , said there are fewer migrants there since the crackdown — maybe 400 at a time now instead of a few thousand .
But the conditions under which they live are even worse than before .
“ It ’s worse now from a humanitarian perspective , ” he said .
“ It ’s harder for them to find a place to stay , to apply for documentation . ”
Undocumented migrants in Greece are trapped in a terrible limbo .
Most wash up on Greek islands in tiny boats where they are picked up by authorities and taken to detention centers .
But Greece lacks enough detention centers or jails to keep people imprisoned for long and Turkey , where many of the migrants passed through on their way to Greece , has largely refused to take the migrants back despite a repatriation agreement between the two countries .
So after a few weeks or months , most are simply put on ferries to Athens with letters saying they should leave the country within a month .
Mahadi said he spent months in a squalid detention center on the island of Lesvos that was closed in November by Greece ’s new government after an intense campaign by human rights activists and a series of protests by detainees .
He spent a few months on the streets in Athens before making his way to Patras .
He said this month that he had been in Patras for weeks , trying to sneak aboard a boat .
Those with money pay smugglers to ease the passage .
Poorer migrants , like Mahadi , are forced to try more dangerous routes .
They crawl into hidden spaces in parked trucks , hoping to slip through undetected .
There are few migrants in Patras who have not seen the inside of the local jail .
But the police in Patras , like the authorities on Greece ’s islands , have nowhere to send the migrants and no way to send them home .
Greece 's new socialist government acknowledges deep problems with the country 's immigration system .
It has pledged to improve its human rights record by increasing the number of refugees it accepts , cracking down on abuse by police officers and easing the integration of legal immigrants and refugees .
Officials also say they will stop detaining undocumented migrants in jails and will build special detention centers for them .
But the new government has also pledged to do more to protect Greece 's borders .
The first step toward that , said Michalis Chrysochoidis , head of the Ministry for Citizen Protection , which oversees the police and coast guard , is closing the exits from Greece — like Patras — to send a signal that Greece is no longer an easy route to other parts of Europe .
" We have decided to close the exits .
There was a problem that the two main ports of Greece , Patras and Igoumenitsa , which are the main ports to Italy and Europe , were open .
So we have decided to close the two ports , " he said .
" The message to traffickers is do n't go to Greece because it 's not easy for you to go to Europe . "
And there are signs in Patras that this infant policy is already having an effect .
Karapiperis said there are fewer migrants in Patras now and rumors of new routes to western Europe by land , over Greece ’s northern border into Macedonia .
In recent days , say Mahadi and other Afghans , the police have been trying to drive them away from the Jungle .
That morning , a Saturday , the police had come at 5 a.m. and scattered the Jungle ’s residents .
Three days before that , a few dozen policemen surrounded the grove , arrested many of its inhabitants and tore down its plastic shelters .
“ The police , they come every day now , ” said Shariz , a migrant from the central Afghanistan city of Ghazni , holding up his hands together to show how other men were handcuffed and taken away .
Karapiperis said police are trying to clear the Jungle because the olive grove ’s Greek owner had complained about his unwanted guests .
But the Afghanis have nowhere else to go , so despite the police pressure , they keep returning .
“ We just want a better life , ” said Mahadi .
“ What have we done wrong ? ”
Facebook has joined forces with McAfee to provide discounted security services to all of its 350 million members .
But there 's also a security element to Facebook 's decision as well .
Facebook has joined forces with McAfee to provide discounted security services to all of its 350 million members .
Facebook users will be eligible for a free , six - month trial of McAfee Internet Security Suite software and a discounted price thereafter .
If Facebook uncovers any sort of threat , the social networking site said it would take steps to secure a user 's computer , a process that includes a sweep of the affected computer by McAfee technology .
" Now , if your computer is infected , you will be asked to run a scan and clean it before accessing Facebook , " Facebook wrote in a blog post .
At launch , the McAfee software will be available to Facebook users in the U.S. , U.K. , Australia , Italy , Germany , the Netherlands , Spain , France , Canada , Mexico , and Brazil .
Other countries will be added throughout the first quarter .
To access the software , click the " Protect Your PC " tab on the McAfee Facebook Page .
" Facebook is very serious about security and has made significant efforts to protect its users and service by investing in dedicated teams and sophisticated systems , and this partnership with McAfee furthers that mission , " Todd Gebhart , executive vice president and general manager of McAfee Consumer , Mobile and Small Business , said in a statement .
" By partnering with a market leader like McAfee , we are taking an unprecedented step towards making the entire Internet more secure and reducing the possibility of threats being brought onto our service by unsuspecting users , " said Elliot Schrage , vice president of global communications , marketing and public policy at Facebook .
" Keeping the Internet secure requires that users , security vendors and Internet companies all work together .
We think we 've developed an excellent model for this collaboration , and to ensure the greatest possible value to our users , Facebook will not accept any revenue from subscriptions .
We hope this is something that other services will emulate . "
In addition , Facebook and McAfee will work together to develop content for the Facebook Security Page , and McAfee will frequently update its own page .
|
Everything was brown .
Brown , and white , gray , tan , black , silver accents .
Filtered , arranged , chosen , designed , assembled , in these masculine tones .
Exquisite , elegant , just the right colors , almost sepia in combination .
I wanted it .
I wanted the colors .
I wanted the textures .
It was n't just the house , this California house , dark wood and glass , glass everywhere ; it was everything in the house , even the bed .
It was Colin Firth , in a crisp white shirt , stretching himself out with a gun in his hand , stretching himself out on the white sheets , brown bedding , gray blanket pulled up and folded exactly halfway up the length of the bed , the same elegant , limited set of colors .
As I watched all of this , I was fascinated by this perfect world and inextricably drawn to it .
I want my apartment to look like this , I thought , imagining the next phase of renovations .
Well , this is what you should expect if Tom Ford makes a movie : an English professor at an undistinguished university in Southern California , dressed like a Manhattan advertising executive , living in a John Lautner house .
But there is a spell cast by this film and I found it hard to resist .
Living in the lush suburbs , among the well kept nuclear families on his street , Colin Firth is the single man -- single , but with his friend , his roommate .
" We are invisible . " I think we hear these words twice in the film , set in 1962 .
We are invisible .
Invisible , he lives in his house of glass , his office also entirely lined in glass .
Everyone can see in , but there is nothing to see .
He loses his lover of sixteen years and there is no one to share his grief with : it can't be discussed at work , it 's off limits with his students , he seems to have no circle of closeted gay friends .
He has only one longtime friend with whom he can share his deep loss , a woman .
And even she , this longtime companion , she lets out one drunken evening : your lover , your lover of sixteen years , he was just a substitution , she says .
A substitution .
Colin Firth , lying on his impeccable bed with a gun in his hand , his lover of sixteen years gone , is invisible in his pain to the world beyond his walls of glass .
And then , in the gesture and presence of a handsome young man , he experiences a moment of clarity , of stunning clarity , ice clear .
The frivolity of it , the lightness of it , the absurdity of it , that a sexy young man , a symbol of youth and virility and hope , can bring clarity to a middle aged man in deep pain simply by his being there .
Christopher Isherwood was onto something .
But of course this was 1962 , so many years past , and now everything has changed .
Gay men are no longer invisible .
Everyone knows them for what they are , recognizes their lovers as partners not as friends .
Everything has changed .
And yet I am reminded of a friend of mine returning to his family at the holidays , back to his large , extended , loving family .
He goes alone , this middle aged man , without his genial , intelligent partner of some years .
Alone , back to his family he goes , his partner an unmentioned secret .
Though , of course , he is no secret at all .
Everyone knows .
Yet invisible .
No criticism from me on this point .
None at all .
I understand the arrangements we all make to live our lives the best we can , and I certainly have my own arrangements .
I understand them and I do n't criticize them .
But I see the absurdity of this , and the injustice of it .
Parts of our lives remain invisible , yet there for everyone to see .
I will go back now , plan my renovations , and look for that perfect palate of brown , and white , gray , tan , black , silver accents .
The gray blanket pulled up and folded exactly halfway up the length of the bed .
And this crisp , new white shirt I bought only yesterday .
Absinthe On The Net searches the globe to offer you the most unique
Absinthe Accessories
collection found anywhere .
Absinthe lovers and people of taste will adore our selection of Premium Absinthe Pieces and
Custom Fountain Sets
.
Absinthe On The Net
brings you the newest , most unique pieces of absinthiana .
You can rest assured , our pieces are ALWAYS the finest reproductions and not the cheap knock - offs sold on internet auction sites .
Others may copy our items , but they will never duplicate our
Quality and Dedication To Customer Service
.
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) --
The Canadian dollar is on track to hit parity with the U.S. dollar , a rise that would underscore the strength of Canada 's economy compared with that of the United States , as well as the country 's vulnerability to swift changes in commodities prices .
Analysts are forecasting that the Canadian dollar will trade on equal footing with the U.S. dollar within the next few months , largely based on investor demand for assets linked to rising commodities prices .
The loonie , the nickname for the gold - colored coin that replaced the paper dollar in 1987 , is now trading at 94.11 U.S cents .
It would have to rise about 6 % to trade at one American greenback , or at parity .
" Our forecast is for [ the loonie ] to hit parity by the end of the first quarter , " said David Watt , currency strategist for RBC Capital Markets .
" There 's a chance it could hit before that . "
Some are forecasting the Canadian dollar will shoot well above its U.S. counterpart .
Michael Woolfolk , senior currency strategist at BNY Mellon , said he expects the Canadian dollar to hit parity by midyear and rise to $ 1.10 U.S. dollars by the end of the year .
Such gains would increase the purchasing power of Canadian consumers .
But they could curb Canada 's export growth and cool inflation , taking pressure off the Bank of Canada to raise rates .
Higher rates tend to make a currency more valuable .
The currency 's gains also may be checked if Chinese efforts to slow lending growth foster more concerns about the pace of the global economic recovery .
That 's what happened last week , as expectations Chinese authorities were moving to raise borrowing costs caused a 4.7 % drop in oil futures and a 2.3 % decline in the loonie .
The loonie fell again Tuesday after reports that Chinese authorities had required some banks to restrain lending -- a blow to metals and other commodities prices .
Read more on China 's moves .
" If China is tapping the brakes now , that would certainly upend the bullish views on commodities , " Watt commented .
Loonie takes flight
Rising prices of commodities like oil and gold , as well as a weak U.S. dollar , helped drive up the loonie 22 % by the end of last year from the March lows .
Plus , investors sought the loonie to get exposure to Canadian economic strength .
Its economy experienced a less severe recession than the United States , with no housing market crash .
Its banking sector avoided the type of debilitating financial crisis experienced in the States as well as in the United Kingdom .
" The Canadian economy is not as structurally impaired as the U.S. or the U.K. , " according to RBC's Watt .
" It creates a sense that Canada is less exposed to the fickleness of foreign investors that are causing uncertainty in other locations . "
Some countries are diversifying their reserves into Canadian dollars .
Russia , which has been outspoken about wanting to unload some of its U.S. dollars that it makes exporting oil and natural gas , said last week that it was buying loonies .
A rise to equal weighting with the U.S. dollar would bring the loonie back to a level last sustained in May 2008 .
When it hit par nine months before , in September 2007 , it had matched its U.S. counterpart for the first time in 31 years .
Further weakness in the American dollar , which fell about 16 % from early March through the end of last year , is likely , some analysts say .
They 're expecting the buck , which has risen 0.9 % this month as measured by the U.S. dollar index DXY , - 0.20 % , to reverse lower once U.S. stocks start rising again .
Such a dynamic would be in keeping with a trend in place for most of last year , when the greenback fell as investors added to " riskier " positions such as stocks , emerging markets and other assets .
" Once the U.S. stock market resumes its uptrend , the U.S. dollar will continue its downtrend , " said Katherine Beattie , a senior technical analyst who tracks currencies for Action Economics .
" As the U.S. dollar weakens , the Canadian dollar will just go to par . "
Since March , the U.S. dollar has declined 18 % against the Canadian dollar , while the S&P 500 Index SPX , +0.82 % gained 64 % and oil has doubled .
Other commodity - based currencies have fared even better against the greenback :
The Australian dollar gained 42 % against its American counterpart since March , and the New Zealand dollar gained 44 % over the same period .
A few years ago , American visitors to Canada enjoyed 40 % discounts north of the border .
Those days could be over soon .
" It 's so difficult to stop a currency when it's in a very strong mood , " Beattie of Action Economics said .
Rate hikes
Key to expectations of a stronger loonie is the Bank of Canada , which has kept interest rates at a record low of 0.25 % since April .
The central bank has said it has no plans to move rates until at least the end of the second quarter .
The Bank of Canada is n't anticipated to take any extraordinary measures to weaken the loonie , and it will probably raise Canadian interest rates when the U.S. Federal Reserve does so later this year .
Other factors could derail the loonie 's rise , though .
Kathy Lien , director of currency research at Global Forex Trading , said that recent trade and employment data out of Canada shows that the recovery is not as strong as it was originally thought .
" All the reasons that the loonie would hit parity have been thrown out of the window , " she added .
In December , Canada 's consumer - price index rose 1.3 % , less than analysts expected .
With inflation under control , Lien said she expects the Bank of Canada to delay raising the rates even longer .
The country 's central bank has noted recently that a strong loonie poses a threat to Canada 's export - dependent economy .
" Persistent strength of the Canadian dollar could act as a significant further drag on growth and put additional downward pressure on inflation , " the Bank of Canada said in a statement .
Like many people , I was taken by surprised by Google ’s announcement about its threatened withdrawal from China in the wake of continued censorship and attacks that appeared to emanate from there .
My immediate reaction was quite simple : " Wow " .
There ’s been a lot of speculation about just why they pulled out .
Some reports noted that Google has been losing market share to Baidu .
Under those circumstances , cutting losses makes sense .
Yahoo and many other Western companies have done that .
I do n’t think , though , that that ’s the whole story .
Blaming China not for its rules , which the Chinese government defends , but for hacking is an entirely different kettle of fish .
That is a move more or less guaranteed to raise the ire of Chinese government officials , and quite likely block the return of Google to China for a very long time .
And , of course , there ’s no reason to think that if China has indeed been attacking Google , this will make it stop — quite the contrary , I suspect .
There is , I suppose , a line of reasoning that assumes that China will retaliate for the insult by blocking access to all of Google ’s services , including gmail ; this in turn might mean less use of gmail by Chinese dissidents , which in turn would give the government less reason to hack Google .
I do n’t buy it .
There are lots of other reasons to hack .
The Wall Street Journal says
Much of the data stolen from Google was its " core source code , " Mr. Mulvenon said .
" If you have the source code , you can potentially figure out how to do Google hacks that get all kinds of interesting data . "
Among the data , would be the information needed to identify security flaws in Google ’s systems , he said .
Beyond that , the source code to much of Google ’s infrastructure has immense value , though I should add the caveat thatan operation of that scale requires a lot more than a code base .
All in all , this looks like extremely rare case of a foreign company taking a stand on human rights .
In fact , the Wall Street Journal unambiguously credits Sergei Brin for the initiative .
The most interesting aspect of the whole affair , though , might be one of the ways the attacker got in .
Matt Blaze pointed me at an article that states that the attackers abused the " lawful intercept systems " — the mechanism that Google uses to comply with subpoenas .
If this is true , it represents another major abuse of such mechanisms , probably second only to the Athens Affair , where parties unknown used an analogous mechanism in a Greek cell phone switch to eavesdrop on some mobile phone calls in Athens .
Unfortunately , I ca n’t say I ’m surprised that such things can happen .
My colleagues and I have been warning for years of the risks of schemes to ease government access .
( There are a number of papers and essays on the subject on my web page . )
The proper question is no longer whether or not lawful intercept schemes are dangerous ; I think that question is now settled .
Rather , we must ask this : are the dangers from lack of government access to nasty people ’s communications greater or less than the dangers from other nasty people abusing these self - same mechanisms ?
I do n’t think that that perspective has been adequately addressed .
Given that , another Google announcement — that they ’re turning on https by default for gmail users — is quite intriguing .
Six months ago , I was one of the signatories on a letter that Christopher Soghoian drafted calling for just such an action .
The official word is that https would not have prevented these attacks :
Sam Schillace , an engineering director at Google Apps , said the shift to default HTTPS was not prompted by the attacks and , to the best of his knowledge , would not have averted them .
The move had been in the works for some six months , during which time Google engineers did extensive testing and made numerous technical fixes to enable a smooth transition .
However , the announcement itself was prompted by the attack news .
" The Gmail team decided , why wait ? " he said .
" We want our users to be as safe as we can make them be . "
Indeed , if the lawful intercept mechanism was on the plaintext side of the decryptor , the new defense would indeed not have helped .
But there are many other threats to communications , and it ’s a lot easier for the Chinese government ( or any other government ) to tap communications on its own territory .
This is still a hot , breaking story , and I do n’t claim to know everything or even close to everything about it .
I ’m sure that more details will come out over the next few weeks .
Brian Krebs has an excellent summary article posted ; I hope he ’ll continue to update it .
For the moment , though , my tentative conclusions are that genuine ethical concerns , possibly coupled with ire about the hacking , have led Google to take a step that may not be in their best long - term financial interests .
Such behavior by corporations is rare but praiseworthy .
Update : I should have added — I do receive a small amount of research funding from Google .
Virtually all of this money has gone towards student travel to conferences .
The New York Times '
The Caucus blog sat down with Dan Pfeiffer , the White House communications director and blogger , who had a few interesting things to say about how the White House deals with Fox News .
" Fox is not a traditional news organization , " Pfeiffer told the Times in a video titled " Directing the Message . "
" We do n't feel an obligation to treat them like a CNN , or an ABC or an NBC or a traditional news organization but there are times when we believe it makes sense to communicate with them and appear on the network . "
For example , John Brennan , assistant to the president on homeland security and counterterrorism , appeared on Fox News ' Chris Wallace show after the attempted Christmas Day bombing .
A Fox News spokesperson responded to Pfeiffer 's assertions that Fox News is not a " traditional news organization : " " Obviously new to his position , Dan seems to be intent upon repeating the mistakes of his predecessor ... and we all remember how well that turned out . "
Will the White House respond to commentary from pundits like Sarah Palin ?
" We will correct the record , whether it's an analyst on Fox , whether it's a member of Congress , whether it's a purported pundit or expert creating an inaccurate depiciton of the President 's policies , " he said .
Pfeiffer is in charge of clearing up misconceptions across media outlets and political pundits .
His long WhiteHouse.gov blog entry titled " The Same Old Washington Blame Game , " criticized some critics of President Obama 's response to the attack .
There 's more videos on The Caucus blog , with Pfeiffer discussing his 4:20 a.m. wake up time , Obama as " not a yeller " and the advantages and disadvantages of having a wife who also works in the White House .
Brian Sibley , an expert on Gormenghast , who adapted the first two books for BBC Radio 4 , said Gilmore 's manuscript tied up the Titus story " in a way that of course Mervyn Peake would probably never have done , or never have imagined " but did so " in a way that is totally satisfying " .
Marie D. E. sent in this video , titled “ Karen 26 , ” in which a woman claims to be looking for the father of the child she conceived after a one - night stand with a tourist ( found at Adland ) :
The video , it turns out , was actually produced as part of a campaign by Visit Denmark , a Danish tourism agency .
The idea is , apparently , to market Denmark to male tourists with the implication that it ’s easy to have anonymous , unprotected sex with attractive local women who just want to introduce you to Danish customs .
I do n’t know that the possibility of unplanned pregnancy would be the best tourism draw , but she does assure us that she ’s not a slut and she ’s not wanting anything from the father , so perhaps that will reassure potential tourists that not only can they have unprotected sex with local women , there are no real consequences to doing so .
So the perception in many parts of the world of Scandinavian women as sexually liberated and promiscuous is used by a state - funded agency to promote tourism by turning female sexuality into another local attraction … with the added benefit of being free , unlike in nations known for sex tourism .
Also see our posts on promoting European tourism with infidelity , sex tourism in Thailand , and female sex tourists in the Caribbean .
Former Trump Senior Advisory Parscale Steps Away From Trump CampaignParscale cited " overwhelming stress " as the reason for stepping away .
3 minutes ago
Political Science Professor Says " Chaos " Best Defines The First Presidential DebateCBS4's Dave Warren spoke with Charles Zelden about the constant interruptions at Tuesday 's debate and the changes to the debate structure going forward .
7 minutes ago
Search On For 2 Suspects After Shooting
At Fort Lauderdale WalmartPolice said the car they are looking for is a silver 4 - door sedan .
20 minutes ago
State Rep. Daniel Perez Discusses Presidential Debate , November Election & MorePerez , a Republican representing District 116 , is slated to serve as house speaker in 2024 .
4 hours ago
Latest Coronavirus Numbers 9/30
Here are the latest coronavirus for our state and our region .
5 hours ago
Coral Gables ‘ Magical Park ’ Program Blends Outdoor Fun With TechCBS4 photojournalist Peter Miranda was at Crystal Academy as the students were ready to play .
5 hours ago
Time Is Running Out To Fill Out Your 2020 CensusCBS4's
Ted Scouten shares the message from Miami - Dade Census Liaison Esteban Bovo about the importance of responding .
5 hours ago
Important October Dates Ahead Of November ElectionOctober 5 is the last day to register to vote .
Early voting begins October 19 .
October 24 is the last day to request vote - by - mail ballots .
5 hours ago
Miami-Dade 's Film & Entertainment Office Back In BusinessCBS4's Lisa Petrillo reports on the safety measures in place .
6 hours ago
Miami-Dade County Approves Second Round Of Rental Assistance ProgramAre you having trouble paying your rent ?
Help is on the way if you live in Miami - Dade County .
On Wednesday , the the Miami - Dade County Board of Commissioners approved another round of the Emergency Rental Assistance Program ( ERAP ) .
Geoff Petrulis reports .
6 hours ago
TRENDING : Dolly Jolly ChristmasSinger , songwriter Dolly Parton shares that she will be in a Christmas movie this holiday season .
6 hours ago
CBSMiami.com Weather 9-30 - 20 5:30 PMChief Meteorologist Craig Setzer has your Wednesday evening weather forecast .
6 hours ago
Metromover Attack Victim Planning Lawsuit Against Miami-Dade County & Security CompanyCBS4's Peter D'Oench spoke with Andrea Puerta and her attorney Curt Obront .
6 hours ago
TRENDING : New Film " The Gloria 's " on Prime VideoA newly released film based on a memoir by political activist Gloria Steinem , has released on Prime Video .
6 hours ago
TRENDING : Loss of A LegendAustralian singer Helen Reddy passed away at the age of 78 .
6 hours ago
Sets of Wildfires Lead to Evacuations , More Fires Could ThreatenCBS 's Danya Bacchus shares the latest details on the fires in California .
6 hours ago
CBS4's Jim Defede Breaks Down The First 2020 Presidential DebateCBS4's Jim DeFede shares his thoughts on the first debate between Joe Biden and Donald Trump .
6 hours ago
19 - Year - Old Held On $ 300 K Bond Following Deadly Hit -&- Run CrashCBS4's Joan Murray reports on the arrest of Decarius Richards .
6 hours ago
Presidential Debate Chaos FalloutCBS 's Debra Alfarone shares details on last night 's presidential debate with Joe Biden and Donald Trump .
7 hours ago
Healthwatch Covid Hair LossPatients recovering from COVID - 19 are now grappling with the aftermath .
For some , the shock to the system causes hair to fall out in handfuls , while the shedding is temporary .
10 hours ago
WEB EXTRA : Officer Helps A SkunkA skunk got its head stuck in a container and needed a little help from a police officer in Tewksbury , MA on September 26 .
The department said the officer removed the container , the skunk was OK , and nobody got sprayed .
10 hours ago
WEB EXTRA : Okapi Born At London ZooAW !
This okapi named Ede was born at the ZSL London Zoo on September 21 .
Zookeepers say she is " a feisty young calf and has been bouncing happily around the stables . "
10 hours ago
Dolphins ' Tua Tagovailoa Misses Practice Because Of IllnessMiami Dolphins rookie quarterback Tua Tagovailoa missed practice Wednesday because of an illness that was n't related to the coronavirus , coach Brian Flores said .
Katie Johnston reports .
11 hours ago
California Wildfires Lead To EvacuationsCBS 's Jonathan Digliadi shares the latest details on the glass fire in California .
11 hours ago
A new poll shows Martha Coakley slipping further behind Scott Brown .
New poll : Brown up 9
A new InsiderAdvantage poll conducted exclusively for POLITICO shows Republican Scott Brown holding a 9 - point advantage over Martha Coakley a day before Massachusetts voters trek to the ballot box to choose a new senator .
According to the survey conducted Sunday evening by the non-partisan firm , Brown leads the Democratic attorney general 52 percent to 43 percent .
Advertisement
The results came as Suffolk University in Boston released a survey Monday reporting that Brown surged to a double - digit lead in three Massachusetts communities identified as bellwethers because party registration in those cities is similar to the statewide voter makeup and because in the most recent “ like election ” – the November 2006 Senate race– the results in all three communities were within 1 percentage point of the actual statewide results for each candidate .
" I actually think the bottom is falling out , " said InsiderAdvantage CEO Matt Towery , referring to Coakley 's fall in the polls over the last ten days .
" I think that this candidate is in freefall .
Clearly this race is imploding for her . "
The numbers show males and independents overwhelmingly breaking for Brown , who has married his GQ looks with a populist tone in a pick - up truck on the campaign trail .
Brown holds a 15 - point lead among males and crushes Coakley by 41 points among self - described independents , a group that 's been steadily inching away from the Democratic party over the last year due to growing apprehension with government spending , bailouts and health care reform .
" Men are not going to vote for Coakley at all .
You have a very angry male voter who 's repudiating whatever is being said in Washington and they 're taking it out on this woman .
And independents are clearly going to the Republican in droves .
What 's left are the Democratic voters , " said Towery , who is a former aide to Newt Gingrich .
And the survey shows almost a quarter of Democratic voters lining up with Brown .
A DailyKos / Research 2000 poll released Monday painted a much tighter campaign , showing the race knotted at 48 percent each .
" We 're about to learn whether Obama can deliver electoral votes , " wrote DailyKos founder Markos Moulitsas on his Twitter page .
But that three - day survey was conducted between Friday and Sunday , whereas the entire InsiderAdvantage phone survey of 804 likely registered voters was completed Sunday night .
Towery noted his polling indicates President Barack Obama 's Sunday visit to the Bay State for Coakley wo n't be enough to pull her over the finish line .
" When there 's a nine - point difference , it 's awfully hard to shave off enough to win , " Towery said .
" The older voters are even tied .
And the youngest voters have turned against the Democrats , " he said , pointing to Brown 's 61 to 30 percent lead among voters 18 to 29 years old .
( Voters 65 and older , typically a key Democratic constituency , are divided between the two contenders , 48 percent a piece ) .
InsiderAdvantage 's polling pool was made up of 20 percent Republicans and 43 percent of Democrats , though estimates show that independents make up just over 50 percent of all Massachusetts voters .
" It 'd be even worse for ( Coakley ) if we weighed it towards more independents , " Towery said .
Other election eve polling is also tracking towards Brown .
The Republican pollster , American Research Group , pins Brown 's lead at 7 points , 52 to 45 percent , in a three - day survey released Monday .
Public Policy
Polling 's final survey put Brown up 51 to 46 percent , a lead that falls within the margin of error .
A third - party independent candidate Joe Kennedy , who some feared would confuse voters by siphoning votes through the power of his name , is now seen as less of a factor .
He captures just 2 percent of support in the InsiderAdvantage poll .
" If this race were to tight up , he might make the difference , " said Towery .
" But this is a disaster ( for Democrats ) , " he said .
The margin of error for the InsiderAdvantage poll is +/- 3.4 percent .
About three percent registered no opinion .
The cellphone would not stop ringing .
“ Ronny , you ’re 10 minutes late , ” one caller whined .
But Ronny Beberman had a good reason .
Having tumbled eight feet off his own seltzer truck , Mr. Beberman , 62 , was answering the phone while laid out on West Seventh Street in Brooklyn , bleeding from a head gash and having broken a foot and several vertebrae .
The news was also bad for his customers : Ronny the Seltzer Man would be out of service for a while .
Mr. Beberman drives the last real seltzer truck in New York , a wooden - slatted affair with crooked racks and side doors that are stuck open  the easier to strap the worn wooden cases to the side .
For nearly 40 years , he has delivered seltzer in thick , old siphon bottles to thousands of Brooklynites , each customer receiving a case of 10 every other week for $ 25 , cash .
But on Sept. 15 , just before the start of the Jewish High Holy Days , one of the busiest times of the year , Brooklyn ’s Gunga Din of soda water went down , and now several hundred customers are resorting to rationing or even privation .
US consumers spent less than expected over the festive season
Sales at US retailers saw an unexpected fall in December , casting uncertainty over the recovery of the US economy .
Retail sales fell by 0.3 % compared with November , figures from the US Commerce Department said .
Sales of electrical goods and cars saw some of the biggest falls , though core sales - which exclude cars , fuel and building materials - still fell .
Concerns over job security are expected to continue to restrict spending , with unemployment still at 10 % .
Many economists expect unemployment to keep rising until the middle of the year .
December 's figures end a tough year for US retailers , with total sales for 2009 down 6.2 % on the previous year .
But sales were expected to have been stronger , given the string of retailers reporting positive results for the festive season .
Job worries
The weaker - than - expected retail figures will add to concerns over the strength of the recovery in the US economy .
In December , the US unexpectedly cut a further 85,000 jobs after seeing some job creation in November .
Economists are still predicting a recovery in 2010 , but warn that it will be slow .
" I do n't think that portends a new downturn in the economy , but it does serve as a warning that the recovery is going to take some time to put in place here , " commented Chris Rupkey , chief financial economist at the Bank of Tokyo - Mitsubishi in New York .
Rep. Peter Welch ( D - Vt. ) will introduce legislation that would impose a 50 % tax on excessive bonuses at firms that received bailout funds .
The " Wall Street Bonus Tax Act " would apply only to bonuses over $ 50,000 , and would use the tax revenue to support loans to small businesses .
Welch unveiled the proposal at a press conference in Burlington this morning .
ADVERTISEMENT
" As most Americans struggle to endure a long and wrenching recession , the same Wall Street bankers who came to the American taxpayer with hat in hand are now preparing to pocket record - breaking bonuses , ” said Welch .
“ Financial firms that received taxpayer assistance must remember that they owe their return to profitability to hardworking Americans . ”
Reports this week indicated that a handful of the largest firms receiving TARP funds -- Citigroup , Morgan Stanley , Chase , Goldman Sachs , and Bank of America - - will pay out $ 90 billion in bonuses .
The White House has expressed dismay at such payouts .
Obama has repeatedly said that many Wall Street firms " still do n't get it . "
One of the president 's top economic advisers said this weekend she was outraged by such bonuses .
" For heaven 's sake , people , it does seem really ridiculous , " Christina Romer , head of the Council of Economic Advisers , told CNN on Sunday .
The White House is reportedly considering its own version of a " bank tax " to recoup the rest of the bailout funds .
MasterChef judge Matt Preston has joined News Ltd as a high profile food writer and , from the looks of it , he 's going to be a busy man , with each state 's News masthead claiming ownership of the eminent epicurean .
So MasterChef judge Matt Preston has joined News Ltd as a high - profile food writer .
He defected from Fairfax last year and Rupert ’s tabloids are excited .
So excited that today there ’s a prominent article in the Herald Sun ( page 11 ) , The Daily Telegraph ( page 7 ) , Adelaide ’s The Advertiser ( page 7 ) and The Courier - Mail ( page 2 ) .
Preston will be writing for “ taste “ , a new weekly food section in News Ltd ’s tabloids , and from the looks of it he ’s going to be a busy man as he ’s not just joining “ Team News ” , but will be joining the respective teams of the Herald Sun , The Daily Telegraph , The Advertiser and The Courier - Mail .
At least that ’s what News ’ well - oiled publicity team wants its readers to think :
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
So it ’s a well - co - ordinated publicity campaign .
Every media organisation does this .
But what concerned us most here at Crikey was how similar the song sheet was in each story .
taste editor Jana Frawley must have got tired of giving the exact same quotes to each paper , replacing the city to match the relevant paper .
A boon for the readers , indeed !
Cravat - a- licious ?
More like a load of croquembouche .
Amanda Ripley ’s recent article in The Atlantic ( http://www.theatlantic.com/doc/201001/good-teaching ) wildly exaggerates the supposed positive benefits of having a Teach for America ( TFA ) teacher in the classroom .
After reading the article , you might come away believing that TFA teachers regularly work miracles in their classroom , just like Michelle Rhee pretends she did , while their do - nothing veteran colleagues just sit and read the newspaper in class .
( Although , funny thing : the super - achieving teacher described in the article was NOT a TFA-er ! )
However , if you read the published data that Ripley refers to , they show that both TFA teachers and other teachers in high - poverty schools are having a hard time getting any positive results at all .
In English / reading , the results are as follows ( the blue , thick line represents the scores of the TFA teachers ’ students ) .
I cut - and - pasted the following two graphs directly from the study ; they are on page xiv .
If you ask me , there is essentially no difference between the 13th , 14th , and 15th percentiles .
These are all very low scores !
The reason that the TFA students had slightly higher initial and final scores is almost undoubtedly because of random variation .
In math , the results are as follows , and again , the thick , blue line shows the scores of the TFA teachers ’ students .
This the area in which TFA teachers supposedly did so well :
Ripley , and the Mathematica authors , claim that the differences in the math scores are statistically significant .
Keep in mind , however , that significance in reality and in statistics are two different things .
To me , if you are at the 14th , 15th , or 17th percentiles , you are in very bad shape .
Neither the TFA teachers , nor their veteran or novice counterparts , were in fact able to work miracles .
My own opinion is that any differences here are due to random variation .
You can read the whole statistical study here if you like :
http://www.mathematica-mpr.com/publications/pdfs/teach.pdf
The study looked at a fairly small number of classes ( 100 ) taught by TFA teachers and their non-TFA colleagues , spread out over the following cities or regions : Baltimore , Chicago , Houston , Los Angeles / Compton , the Mississippi delta , and New Orleans .
They looked at a total of 17 schools , and about 1,765 students .
I have no way of knowing – and neither does just about anybody else – whether these students are in fact representative of all schools serving disadvantaged students .
My suspicion is that a different selection of classes might have yielded quite different results .
Here is the description of the sample , which I cut - and - pasted from page 9 :
I would like to finish by quoting a few passages from a teacher who is blogging from some ( unnamed ) high school here in Washington , DC : ( http://filthyteaching.blogspot.com/ )
“ … TFAers , and for that matter , first - year teachers in general , have ABSOLUTELY NO BUSINESS working in these kinds of systems .
[ meaning , systems like DC , Baltimore , Chicago , etc. ]
And if we were to really get serious about boosting student achievement , I ’d say five years should probably be the minimum number of years experience required to apply in these districts ( with some exceptions ) .
“ The children of DCPS , New Orleans , Chicago , Baltimore , LA , Memphis , and any other severely challenged district across the US that one might think of , do not have the luxury of being guinea pigs for a legion of completely incompetent , albeit well - intentioned , college graduates .
Anyone who ’s taught for more than a few years can tell you that the vast majority of teachers ( I ’d say all , but I suppose there ’s a small possibility that there are one or two out there who are miracles ) have virtually no idea what they ’re doing in the classroom in their first year ( I know that was certainly the case for me ) .
“ Your first few years are spent learning that almost everything you thought teaching was supposed to be was completely wrong .
You ’re overwhelmed by classroom management and discipline struggles .
You have no idea how to plan a unit or an effective lesson .
You do n’t recognize the importance of constant quality assessment , and you sure as hell do n’t have a clue as to how to go about creating one .
You do n’t yet know how exactly to build relationships with kids ( even though you thought you did ) , nor do you quite realize how critically important they are to the children who are almost completely deprived of positive relationships .
You do n’t realize that in addition to teaching your subject matter , you desperately need to teach your kids how to read , but you do n’t have a clue how to .
You ca n’t see through the bullshit that the administration throws at you or the petty bickering that some of your colleagues may do around you .
And on the day that you think your lesson actually went okay , you do n’t realize that not a single one of your students will be able to demonstrate that they learned what you thought they did the next day .
…
“ These are things that teachers learn over years of experience .
You do n’t get them in a summer training , or even in your first year of teaching .
They come slowly . … I do n’t blame the TFAers themselves .
I was like them not very long ago .
I did my first year teaching in a socio- economically disadvantaged school in Knoxville , TN , and then wanted desperately to try my hand in DC or NYC .
I wanted to go out and save the world .
I thought I could do it .
I found out how ridiculously wrong I was .
Luckily I could n’t find a job in DC or NYC , and I ’m so glad that I began teaching in a school that , while not perfect in supporting new teachers , at least offered me an environment in which I could make mistakes and learn from them .
“ I would not recommend ANYONE try their hand at their first year teaching in a district like DC or New Orleans .
It will make you believe that education is something that it ’s not , that to be a teacher is to be a martyr , that getting through a school year is like running a marathon EVERY DAMN DAY , and that you deserve no rights or respect from your administration or district .
It ’s a run through a gauntlet , and it ’s no wonder so many new teachers leave the profession when this is how we treat them . ”
Now PS3 games can cram even more uncompressed data onto one CD , as Sony and Panasonic voodoo masters have worked technological wizardry to beef up the capacity of a Blu - Ray disc .
Sony's PS3 and Microsoft's Xbox 360 have their strengths and disadvantages in the console war , but one area where Microsoft is clearly at a loss is its choice of media : Sony 's proprietary Blu - Ray format can hold 25 GB of data on a single layer ( and can be dual - layered ) , where Microsoft 's DVD - 9s can barely stomach a third of that .
Now , the disparity is going to get even wider , reports Nikkei Electronics Asia .
Sony and Panasonic have tag - teamed to create a method with which the storage capacity of the Blu - Ray can be increased from 25 GB to 33.4 GB using existing Blu - Ray reader diodes .
There 's some really complicated technology at work here that depends on reading infinitesimally small amounts of jitter , and that 's way , way over my head , so instead of the actual technobabble I 'll just explain it as this : Sony and Panasonic unholy priests performed a dark voodoo ritual to give their media disc even more power .
That 's all you need to know , right ?
Apparently , it wo n't even require a hardware update - it can be accomplished with firmware and work on your existing Blu - Ray players , too .
Now , the Sony and Panasonic technicians should work on getting the data actually read at a decent speed so that we do n't have to sit through crazy loading screens or install times .
( Via Blu-Ray.com )
MOUNTAIN VIEW , California – Apple may have the Jesus phone , but today Google rolled out its own " superphone . "
Google unveiled its Nexus
One touchscreen handset during a private press - only event at its headquarters here Tuesday .
Developed in partnership with hardware manufacturer HTC , the Nexus One is Google 's first branded entry into the smartphone market .
The Nexus One runs the latest version of Google 's Android mobile operating system , allowing for several forward - thinking features .
Nexus
One users can rely on speech anywhere on the phone where text can be input – users can speak their e-mails , text messages , tweets and web searches .
The phone also uses dual - microphone noise cancellation for improved voice quality and speech recognition , and has a vastly improved user interface which incorporates widgets that can pull in live data feeds from web services like Facebook .
" The Nexus One is where web meets phone , " says Google vice president of Android project management Mario Queiroz , pictured above .
" It 's an exemplar of what 's possible on mobile phones .
It belongs in an emerging category of devices which we call superphones . "
The phone will retail for $ 180 with a 2 - year contract with T - Mobile , but will also be available for $ 530 unlocked ( spot on with the latest speculation ) .
It ships today and is available for purchase immediately at Google 's new online store .
The Nexus One will be available on Verizon and Vodaphone networks this spring , Google says .
Google 's Nexus
One will not only have to compete against other web - enabled handheld devices like the iPhone and Palm Pre , but also other Android phones such as the Motorola Droid .
By releasing its own phone , Google puts itself in direct competition with other members of the Open Handset Alliance ( OHA ) , a consortium of mobile hardware and software developers and carriers , all of whom have been working on Google 's Linux - based Android operating system .
It could represent a tricky balance for the company to maintain .
The handset itself is sleek and gorgeous .
It 's housed in a thin exterior case less than half an inch ( 11.5 mm ) thick , and it weighs only 4.5 ounces ( 130 grams ) .
The Nexus One also boasts some impressive hardware .
It features a zippy 1 - GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon processor , which Google says enables the phone to seamlessly run multiple applications at once .
A trackball allows users to navigate the interface , and also uses different colored lights to send various alerts – such as a new call or e-mail message .
It also sports a 3.7 - inch touchscreen AMOLED display with a native resolution of 480 x 800 pixels , a 5 - megapixel camera , 512 MB of RAM and ROM , and a microSD slot that 's expandable up to 32 GB of storage ( it ships with a 4 - GB card ) .
It has a compass and an accelerometer , and light and proximity sensors allow the device to save power by dimming or shutting off the screen .
A metal plate on back is designed for personal engraving .
There is no hardware keyboard .
Although the Nexus One was only officially unveiled Tuesday , the debut has been highly anticipated for weeks , as Google had all but announced it was on the way .
The company gave a pre-release version of the phone to all of its employees just before the holidays , and posted a message to its mobile blog about the " dogfooding " process of testing a new mobile device .
The Nexus One runs Android 2.1 , the latest version of Google 's free mobile operating system , and the phone relies on the new software for several key enhancements .
For example , every single text field on the device is voice - enabled .
" The evolution we 've seen around voice recognition in the past year or two has just been phenomenal , " says Google senior product manager Erick Tseng , referring to the company 's Google Voice app and the voice commands on the Google Droid .
" We wanted to take it to the next level . "
Tseng demoed the voice applications , which were impressive .
And while the speech - to - text translation was quite zippy , Tseng noted it will continue to learn more and continue to improve with every spoken command .
Other new Android apps demoed on the Nexus One including a weather app that lets you see weather predictions minute - by - minute throughout the day , and a new photo gallery application that re-sizes photos as you scroll through them , or skews the photos when phone is tilted to give the illusion of depth .
Google 's Queiroz noted that all members of the OHA will have access to the 2.1 software once it is released in a matter of days .
Google 's new online store is , in some ways , bigger news than the phone itself .
It allows the company to interact directly with consumers , just as Apple does .
It lets users buy phones with or without service , which also lets Google do an end - run around carriers .
In an ironic twist , Motorola had been invited to the event , but CEO Sanjay Jha got stuck in traffic and arrived nearly an hour and a half late .
Jha claimed Motorola was not concerned about Google putting its weight behind a competitor 's product .
" This expansion of the ecosystem is healthy for both of us , " Jha says .
The phone seems pointedly designed to move the United States towards a more European - style model , where consumers buy unlocked phones at a higher , unsubsidized price .
The company made point to note this repeatedly during the Q&A session with journalists that followed the demos .
In a move perhaps designed to appease other members of the OHA , the company noted it will link to the Droid and other devices from its web store , and will add Google branding to " any great product . "
However , it noted that it 's only going to look at products that succeed both in terms of simplicity and performance .
" It 's not our intention to flood the web store , " said Queiroz .
Google vice president of engineering for mobile Andy Rubin , who has headed up Google 's Android project since its inception , joined the team for the Q&A session .
Rubin left the door open to releasing a free , ad - supported version in the future .
" The first baby step here is : Let 's get an online story going , " he says , " and let 's figure out what they best way to enhance it in the future . "
In response to questions about his previous assertions that Google was not building its own phone , Rubin slyly asked the press to look closely at his previous comments .
" I said Google wo n't build hardware , " he says .
Photo : Robert Galbraith / Reuters
See also
Gadget Lab's Google Nexus One Preview
Rumor : Google Nexus One $ 530 Unlocked , $ 180 With Plan
Android Gets a Better Browser : Now With More HTML5
Meet Android , the Google Phone 's Robot Brain
Before going into service in November 2008 , the system was fully tested at NASA , but changes in the physiology of astronauts as well as the chemistry of astro - waste as it works through the processing system could be contributing to the problem .
One theory holds that the higher calcium concentrations in the crew 's urine may come from the bone loss that inevitably accompanies a zero - G lifestyle , but that idea has yet to be proved .
The Copenhagen summit on climate change taught Europe a hard lesson about its trans -Atlantic partner .
Great hope had greeted President Obama when he replaced George W. Bush at the American helm , but a year later Europeans are realizing that Mr. Obama is going to have a very difficult time delivering on his agenda .
During the Copenhagen summit , the American media portrayed President Obama as a global dealmaker , shuttling from leader to leader trying to broker various compromises .
What Mr. Obama was really doing was a lot of fence - mending , because the United States was seen as the principal obstacle — and Mr. Obama as the footdragger - in - chief — that prevented any ambitious agreements from being signed .
Certainly the developing countries , led by China and India , were behaving stubbornly , but for good reason .
The United States is by far the largest per-capita polluter in the world .
Each American generates about 45,000 pounds of carbon dioxide a year , twice as much as the average European or Japanese , and 4 to 10 times more than someone living in China , India or any other developing country .
China is close to the U.S. in terms of total carbon emissions — each emits about 25 percent of the world ’s total — but it has four times more people .
The U.S. demanded that the developing world join in making drastic cuts , but the poorer countries cried foul .
As one Indian official said , “ First you do virtually nothing to cut your emissions , and then you threaten us [ the developing world ] with drowning from global warming sea level rise if we do n’t cut ours .
It wo n’t wash . ”
As I sit at work , we have alot of down time .
Lots of time to stumble around the internet and find ways to amuse myself .
Now I am sharing the amusing content that I find right here . :)
Craig
Dass das Internet das Medium der Demokratie ist , ist naheliegend : schon allein , weil im Internet jeder Empfänger auch potenzieller Sender ist .
Aber auch , weil sich heute fast alle Gesetzestexte , Bundestagsdokumente oder Stadtratsvorlagen im Netz einsehen lassen .
Weil heute jeder im Onlineangebot des Bundestags E-Petitionen einreichen kann .
Weil Regierende ihre politischen Vorhaben im Internet zur Diskussion stellen können .
Und in ganz seltenen Fällen mag es sein , dass sich dabei etwas von unten tut , das man zu Recht Bottom - up - Kampagne nennen könnte .
Weil die Möglichkeiten demokratischer Partizipation durchs Internet mit den bereits realisierten Angeboten aber nur angedeutet sind , gibt es zahlreiche Tüftler , die an Großprojekten arbeiten , von denen sie sich die Verwirklichung der » echten « Demokratie versprechen .
Ihrer Meinung nach soll sich die » Volkssouveränität « nicht einfach in Wahlen ausdrücken , sondern endlich mit Hilfe von Software durchgesetzt werden , die die Paradoxie der Einheit aus Herrschern und Beherrschten ein für allemal auflöst .
Denn bisher , so meint der Verein Liquid Democracy , sei die Realisierung der » echten Demokratie « an der Größe der Gesellschaft gescheitert , die den » chancengleichen Diskurs organisatorisch unmöglich « mache .
Dieser sei heute technisch möglich , weil im Internet » zeitliche , örtliche und quantitative Beschränkungen « aufgehoben werden können .
In dieser Logik scheint es nur eine Frage der Zeit , wann auf die digitale die demokratische Revo­lution folgt .
» Bisher steckt aber alles noch in den Kinderschuhen « , betont Daniel Reichert , der Vorsitzende des Vereins Liquid Democracy , der den verschiedenen Konzepten und Software - Lösungen zur » digitalen Demokratisierung « ein Diskussionsforum bieten will .
Ein zentraler Gedanke , den die verschiedenen Ansätze teilen , ist die Idee , mit Hilfe von Software eine flexible Mischform aus direkter und repräsentativer Demokratie zu ermöglichen , in der die Wähler entscheiden können , ob sie selbst über Gesetzentwürfe abstimmen oder gar solche formulieren möchten oder ob sie dies lieber einem Delegierten überlassen – je nach Interesse am jeweiligen Politikbereich .
Wer sich etwa in Umweltpolitik einarbeiten möchte , kann sich dann selbst in virtuelle Parlamentsdebatten über Feinstaubplaketten einmischen .
Wer keine Zeit für die Steuerpolitik hat , überlässt dieses Feld dem Delegierten seines Vertrauens , dem er seine Stimme auch jederzeit wieder entziehen kann , so die Ideen der » Liquid Demo­cracy « .
Damit erwarten sich Reichert und andere Anhänger der » digitalen Demokratisierung « auch die » Abkehr von der Bündelwahl« .
Während Parteiprogramme Ziele und Maßnahmen nur bündelweise anbieten , soll » Liquid Democracy « dem Wähler die selbständige Kombination verschiedener politischer Ideen ermöglichen .
Customize your Parteiprogramm .
Etwa : Man wähle die Steuerpolitik der FDP , die Sozialpolitik der Partei » Die Linke « , die Wirtschaftsförderung der CDU und die Umweltpolitik der Grünen .
Dass das nicht unbedingt zusammenpasst , weil sich die Sozialpolitik der Linkspartei etwa nicht mit den Steuersenkungen der FDP verträgt , muss den einzelnen Wähler ja nicht kümmern .
Die Vorstellung , Zusammenhänge zwischen Entscheidungen in verschiedenen Politikbereichen ergäben sich allein durch die Parteiideologie , ist vielleicht auch der Hintergrund des Konzepts des Liquid - Democracy - Vereins , der die Gesetzgebung in verschiedene virtuelle » Politikfeldparlamente « auftrennen will : Ein » Politikfeldparlament « für jedes politische Thema fordert der Verein .
Bereiche wie Netzpolitik und Umweltpolitik ließen sich etwa unabhängig voneinander verhandeln , sagt Reichert .
Aber das , » was zusammenhängt , soll auch zusammenhängend bearbeitet werden « .
Deshalb soll ein Konzept von » Bündnissen « die Fragmentierung der Politik in die vielen » Politikfeldparlamente « kompensieren .
» Ein Bündnis verfolgt ein bestimmtes Ziel , von dem aus es sich dann in allen Politikfeldparlamenten engagiert , die mit diesem Thema in Zusammenhang stehen « , erklärt Reichert das auch seiner Meinung nach noch nicht ganz ausgereifte Konzept seines Vereins .
Im Gegensatz zur Repräsentation durch Parteien soll in den » Politikfeldparlamenten « und » Bündnissen « im Internet jeder Interessierte mitmachen können .
Jeder soll auch seine Stimme an andere delegieren oder auch selbst Stimmen auf sich vereinigen können .
» Viele Menschen sind heute gesellschaftlich aktiv« , sagt Reichert , » aber eben nicht in den Parteien , sondern bei Greenpeace oder anderen Organisationen , die sich auf einen Problembereich konzentrieren . «
Dieses Engagement wolle der Verein wieder unmittelbar in die politische Entscheidungsfindung einbeziehen .
Zudem hoffen die Anhänger von » Liquid Democracy « , dass Gesetze dann nicht mehr im Verborgenen unter dem Einfluss von Lobbyisten entstünden , sondern im Rahmen eines transparenten Diskurses .
Statt der Lobbyisten drohen in der direkten Demokratie dann aber bekanntlich die Propagandisten .
Etwa Initiativen wie die , die jüngst die Schweizer Bevölkerung zum Minarettverbot mobilisieren konnte .
Oder die homophoben Initiatoren von Referenden , die in zahlreichen US - Bundesstaaten Verbote der Homo - Ehe durchsetzen konnten .
Auch dass auf Mailinglisten der Piratenpartei , die im Berliner Landesverband bereits die » Liquid - Democracy « - Software » Liquid Feedback « testet , diskutiert wird , ob man Muslimen und Juden das Beschneiden von Jungen verbieten solle , verdeutlicht die Gefahr , dass in der direkten Demokratie die Mehrheit gern mal über die Minderheit herzufallen droht .
» Natürlich brauchen wir eine starke Verfassung mit Minderheitenschutz « , entgegnet Reichert diesen Bedenken .
Wichtig ist ihm vor allem , dass das System diskursiv arbeitet und nicht reine Ja / Nein - Abstimmungen forciert .
» Es muss immer die Möglichkeit geben , einen alternativen Entwurf zur Abstimmung zu bringen . «
Das soll Populismus vorbeugen und gesellschaftliche Lerneffekte ermöglichen .
Softwarelösungen , die versuchen , die Idee des computergestützten demokratischen Diskurses technisch zu realisieren , gibt es mittlerweile mehrere : etwa Liquid Feedback , Adhocracy oder Votorola .
Das vom Kanadier Michael Allan kon­zipierte Votorola ist beispielsweise ein System , das im Schaubild aussieht , als hätte ein Informatiker die Habermassche Diskursethik in Software gießen wollen .
Hier sollen die einzelnen Subjekte in kleinen Gruppen im Konsens Gesetzentwürfe formulieren , die dann andere mit ihren Stimmen unterstützen oder auch modifizieren können , bis die Entwürfe ganz zwanglos immer mehr Stimmen auf sich vereinen .
» Das System läuft bereits auf einem Testserver « , sagt Thomas von der Elbe , der die Entwicklung von Votorola unterstützt .
Die Anwendung ist komplex und die Benutzeroberfläche bisher noch nicht besonders übersichtlich .
Bis auf unserem Liquid - Democracy - Account , den es dann vielleicht als Facebook - oder iPhone - App geben könnte , eine kleine Message des Inhalts aufploppt , dass unser Entwurf zur Konjunkturförderung gerade zwölf neue Anhänger gefunden hat , einer darin aber eine Steuersenkung für das Bratwurstgewerbe aufnehmen will , wird es also noch ein wenig dauern .
Besonders weit sind die Systeme noch nicht .
Auch viele politische Fragen sind noch offen .
Etwa , inwiefern eine Legislative , in der die Gesetzentwürfe in einem Prozess direkter Demokratie erarbeitet werden , überhaupt noch eine konventionelle Regierung braucht .
Ob » Liquid Democracy « letztlich den Staat in seiner herkömmlichen Form überflüssig macht , wird auch unter den Anhängern kontrovers diskutiert .
Daniel Reichert versichert , » Liquid Democracy « sei absolut verfassungskonform .
» Wir beschränken uns auf die Legislative . «
Auch werde das System der » Liquid Democracy nicht durch eine Revolution eingeführt « .
Vielmehr soll sich das Prinzip im Sinne einer gesellschaftlichen Demokratisierung von unten in kleineren Institutionen etablieren .
Etwa in Vereinen und Parteien .
Und vielleicht folgt am Schluss der Bundestag .
Wenn man sich die gegenwärtige politische Kommunikation im Internet ansieht , droht da ein Problem : die Trolle .
Mailinglisten von politischen Organisationen aller Arten zeigen eindrucksvoll , dass es Einzelne immer wieder schaffen , durch Nonsens jede sinnvolle Kommunikation zu blockieren – sei es aus Spaß , Boshaftigkeit oder schlichter Dummheit .
Und wer würde nicht gern einmal den Bundestag volltrollen ?
» Unser System sieht vor , dass man die Nutzer - Ansicht so einstellen kann , dass sie nur die Beiträge von denen zeigt , die Stimmen auf sich vereinen « , meint Reichert .
Und da Trollen keiner seine Stimme gebe , ließen die sich in der Software so auf Wunsch ganz ohne Zensur unsichtbar machen , hofft er. Solange nicht ganze Trollmobs im vir­tuellen Bundestag der Zukunft ständig » Und alle so : yeah « schreien , scheint die Gefahr durch Trolle also fast gebannt .
Ein weiteres Problem betrifft die Manipulierbarkeit der Online - Demokratie .
Als die Stadt Freiburg einmal einen so genannten Beteiligungshaushalt im Internet organisierte , in dem die Bürger das Budget der Stadt virtuell auf verschiedene Bereiche des städtischen Haushalts verteilen konnten , um der Stadtverwaltung ein Bild ihrer Wünsche zu vermitteln , bekam das Stadttheater im Bürgervotum kaum Etat zugesprochen .
Die Theaterintendantin rief folglich ihre Mitarbeiter auf , sich eifrig am Voting zu beteiligen .
Die klickten freilich so lange , bis das Theater gerettet schien – die einfache Regel » Jeder nur ein Kreuz « lässt sich ja nur dann durchsetzen , wenn die Wähler identifiziert werden .
Werden die Wähler jedoch identifiziert , lässt sich kaum sicherstellen , dass sich nicht im Nachhinein die Spur von der gezählten Stimme zum Wähler zurückverfolgen lässt .
Das Prinzip der geheimen , im Nachhinein verifizierbaren
Wahl , bei der jeder nur eine Stimme hat , ist bei Internet - Wahlen technisch sehr problematisch .
Bekanntlich gibt es nichts , was sich nicht hacken ließe .
Die » Liquid Democracy « muss daher ohne das Prinzip der geheimen Wahl auskommen .
Und das finden die meisten ihrer Anhänger offenbar nicht schlimm .
Zum einen wollen viele das System notfalls durch die herkömmliche Wahl mit Stift und Zettel ergänzen .
Zum anderen ist in ihrer Vorstellung die Politik ein » offener Wettstreit der besten Ideen « , ein Habermasscher Diskurs , in dem Subjekte ohnehin offenherzig kommunizieren können , da dort allein der zwanglose Zwang des besseren Arguments herrsche .
Manche Befürworter der Internet - Demokratie scheinen die Gesellschaft auch als eine Art Software zu verstehen , in der es nur ein paar Bugs zu fixen , ein paar durchdachte Apps zu schreiben gilt , und dann , ja , dann komme der herrschaftsfreie Diskurs schon ins Laufen .
Und manche von ihnen scheinen gar zu glauben , idiotische Ideen wie etwa die » Abwrackprämie « , die » Schuldenbremse « oder das » Wachstumsbeschleunigungsgesetz « seien schlicht der Idiotie der Politiker geschuldet .
Aber schon diese drei Gesetze verdeutlichen recht anschaulich , dass es in der Politik eben nur selten um den Wettstreit der besten Ideen im offenen Diskurs geht .
Meist geht es nämlich um ziemlich handfeste Interessenkonflikte .
Um die Verteilung von Ressourcen .
Um die Verarbeitung von systemimmanenten Widersprüchen , tief im Kernel des kapitalistischen Systems .
Mit einer neuen App für Demokratie ist es auf Grundlage des kapitalistischen Betriebssystems darum noch nicht getan .
Trotz schöner neuer Software zur Demokratisierung : Die Befreiung des Menschen aus der irrational eingerichteten Gesellschaft könnte länger auf sich warten lassen , als es sich die Freunde der » Liquid Democracy « derzeit erhoffen .
It only works with videos you have posted to YouTube for now , but his intention is to support a long list of sites .
What 's wrong with Flash
Even though some Flash - based video sites have players that work in Gnash , Flash video promotes proprietary software , since most users think proprietary software is required to play it .
Also , the ActionScript code for the page 's own Flash player is usually not free ( see : The JavaScript Trap ) which means you 're running nonfree software , even if you 're using Gnash to interpret it .
Finally , Flash uses video formats that are covered by software patents which patent law in the US and other countries ( until we win the Bilski Supreme Court case ) prevents from being distributed freely .
Enter Ogg Theora
Ogg Theora video , on the other hand , plays directly in a free software web browser like Firefox or Icecat using a simple standard ( the video tag ) and it is a free format with no patent restrictions .
TinyOgg turns video links that are annoying for free software users and bad for the world into video links that respect everyone 's freedom .
Plus the code itself is available under a free license
To help build the free software world , Osama Khalid has published the TinyOgg code for others to use on their own sites under the GNU Affero General Public License , which means that the operator of a network server running a modified version of TinyOgg will provide source code to the users of that server .
It 's got potential
Though small , we think the TinyOgg has real strategic significance .
With a large community participating , perhaps with a Firefox / Icecat extension automatically querying for available Ogg videos ( queries which could then get prioritized for transcode according to popularity ) this could become a real solution for avoiding Flash video ( any takers ? ) .
This also might be a way to get large video hosting sites ( who are dissuaded by the cost of supporting another format , but who might be persuaded to offer free hosting ) to start offering real Ogg Theora support .
Dailymotion took a step in this direction , but not a definitive one .
Obviously there will be some quality loss in converting from h.264 to Ogg Theora .
And it would be better for people to upload their video as Ogg Theora , to services that are committed to free formats .
But as transitional measures go , this one has promise !
How you can use TinyOgg
When sharing videos you may have already uploaded to a Flash - based site , support free software and free formats by linking to them via TinyOgg .
TinyOgg lets you access videos from supported sites using only free software ( for example , on one of our fully - free distributions ) .
Personally , I would love to see TinyOgg as the basis for a Flash - killing Icecat and Firefox extension that displayed TinyOgg versions by default ( if available ) .
How you can help TinyOgg
Take a few minutes now to convert any videos you 've uploaded yourself .
Contribute bug reports , code , and translations .
Tell people about it .
To help , contact support@tinyogg.com .
More about GNU Generation
GNU Generation is an ongoing community and competition to involve pre-university and high school students ( approximately age 13 - 18 ) in free software .
Each year , participants will be evaluated based on their contribution to free software .
All active contributors will receive a complementary membership to the FSF , and the top contributors will win a GNU / Linux netbook !
Translations
As recently as a decade ago , vitamin D was mostly thought of as a helper - nutrient - it allowed the body to absorb and use calcium for strong bones .
With a diet of fortified foods and a little bit of sunshine every day , most people got plenty of it .
But that was years ago .
Today , research suggests that vitamin D does much more than help build strong bones , and the findings come at a time when a high number of people are no longer getting enough of the nutrient , doctors say .
" We 've become a culture that shuns the sunshine and does n't drink milk , " said Dr. Donald Abrams , chief of hematology - oncology at San Francisco General Hospital .
As a result , doctors are seeing a small resurgence of rickets and are concerned about osteoporosis in adults over age 50 , especially as Baby Boomers get older .
Known for causing bowed legs , fractured bones and poor growth primarily in children , rickets all but disappeared in the United States decades ago as diets improved and vitamin D was added to certain dairy products like milk .
Vitamin D's moment
To remedy the low vitamin D levels they are seeing , doctors are beginning to recommend supplements to their patients , and more of the vitamin than recommended by national guidelines .
That is largely because research over the past decade has increasingly suggested that vitamin D plays a far bigger role in overall health than previously believed .
Aside from its well - known reputation for building and maintaining strong bones , vitamin D could be tied to cancer prevention and cardiovascular health , and some researchers are looking into a connection between vitamin D deficiency and gum disease , said Dr. Mark Ryder , chair of the division of periodontology at the UCSF School of Dentistry .
" It helps boost your ability to fight infection , and it also reduces some destructive inflammation in your body , including inflammation with periodontal disease , " Ryder said .
" Every five or 10 years , a new vitamin becomes the vitamin of the moment .
The hot one right now is probably vitamin D , and so far all of the evidence looks encouraging . "
If , in fact , vitamin D is more important than believed , people probably need more of it than they 're getting - and more than doctors have recommended in the past , Ryder said .
More D is better
National guidelines recommend between 200 and 600 international units of vitamin D a day .
Doctors say it 's unclear exactly how much vitamin D people should be getting , but 1,000 international units a day is a good place to start .
It is possible , but unlikely , to get too much vitamin D - some studies say people can safely take 10,000 units a day and suffer no ill effects .
" I recommend to my patients who are older that they take between 800 and 1,200 units a day , unless they have certain diseases that cause poor absorption , and then they may need more , " said Dr. Jerry Minkoff , an endocrinologist with Kaiser Permanente in Santa Rosa .
" I do n't own stock in Nature 's Blend , but yes , people should just take a supplement .
It 's very cheap , and it 's very safe . "
National studies suggest that about two - thirds of Americans currently meet vitamin D recommendations , but many doctors say those guidelines are outdated .
Abrams , the hematology - oncology expert at San Francisco General , said vitamin D deficiency has become so common in his patients that he routinely recommends a supplement , even without a test to confirm whether they 're getting enough of the nutrient .
There often are no symptoms from low vitamin D levels except in cases where the deficiency is so great that rickets or osteoporosis result .
Some people may feel tired or sluggish and find they have more energy when they take a vitamin D supplement , but there are no clinical trials to prove those effects .
The supplement typically comes in pill form , but people can get vitamin D naturally from sun exposure and by eating certain foods .
Both of those options are problematic , however .
It might only take a few minutes of sun exposure every day to create enough vitamin D , but doctors are wary to recommend spending time in the sun because of the risk of skin cancer .
Wearing sunblock prevents vitamin D production .
Cod liver oil is the best source of vitamin D - it has 1,360 units in a tablespoon .
But it tastes awful .
Most other foods with vitamin D just do n't have enough of it to be practical sources .
Salmon and some other fish have a few hundred units of vitamin D per serving , but most people do n't eat enough fish to reliably get the nutrients they need every day .
Two cups of fortified milk a day would meet the current vitamin D recommendations - but few Americans drink that much .
" There are ways of getting vitamin D naturally .
But how much you can eat of these things is another issue , " Minkoff said .
" I think you 'd have to drink a quart of milk a day to get enough .
That 's a lot of lattes . "
By Daniel Fisher
BBC News , Moscow
Most Russians consider vodka to be their national drink Russian President Dmitry Medvedev is hoping for some New Year 's resolution among his countrymen , as he takes on one of Russia 's most deeply - entrenched and prickliest problems - alcoholism .
From 1 January , restrictions on the price of vodka in Russia come into force .
The cheapest bottle of vodka on sale will be 89 roubles ( around £ 1.80 ; $ 3 ) for a half - litre bottle .
While that still might sound cheap , the new law is all part of Russian President Dmitry Medvedev 's plan to tackle alcoholism in Russia .
Russians drink seriously .
As a country they get through on average about 18 litres ( 32 pints ) of pure alcohol a year .
Last year , when Mr Medvedev kick - started his campaign , he called Russia 's alcohol problem a " national disgrace " and said he was determined to cut that figure by a quarter by 2012 .
But combating the consumption of what most Russians consider to be their national drink is a brave political move considering the lack of success his predecessors have had .
The last time anyone tried it was 24 years ago , when Russia was part of the Soviet Union .
Perfume not sold
Then , Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev drastically cut vodka production and did not allow it to be sold before 2 pm .
This law is not the solution , it is just a small step , albeit a positive one , in the fight against alcoholism
Dr Elena Igorevna
Moscow Scientific Centre for Substance Abuse Significantly , perfume was also not to be sold before midday as people were starting to drink that .
Officially , lives were saved and alcoholism dropped , but Soviet state revenues took a massive hit and so did Mr Gorbachev 's popularity .
President Medvedev cannot allow either of those things to happen to him .
What Mr Medvedev does know , though , is that if he can reduce alcoholism in Russia , he is likely to improve health and life - expectancy , and therefore raise Russia 's GDP .
At the moment , bootleg vodka is available at around 40 roubles a half litre .
So even though $ 3 for bottle of vodka may seem cheap to most people , it is double the price of the bootleg version .
Importantly for the government , the minimum - price law brings in a way of telling what is illegal and what is not , and attempts to claw back some tax revenue .
Small step
But will establishing a minimum price be effective ?
Russia has one of the world 's highest alcohol consumption rates Doctors dealing with the problem are not sure .
" This law is not the solution , it is just a small step , albeit a positive one , in the fight against alcoholism , " said Elena Igorevna , a doctor with Moscow 's Scientific Centre for Substance Abuse .
" I believe that every problem must be addressed comprehensively .
I think that alcohol consumption is an issue of national importance . "
The problem for Mr Medvedev is that , historically , whenever Russia has tried to combat excessive drinking , illicit sales of alcohol have risen .
Experts estimate that bootleg vodka - often made after - hours in legal distilleries - makes up almost 50 % of all vodka drunk by Russians .
Such liquor is unregulated and contributes heavily to the country 's 35,000 deaths a year from alcohol poisoning .
The medical journal The Lancet earlier this year estimated that half of all deaths in Russia between 15 and 54 were alcohol - related .
Game - playing
It is probably even higher than the figure for road deaths , says political analyst Dmitry Oreshkin , as work deaths and other accidental deaths in Russia are often drink - related .
Traffic accidents in Russia are often drink - related However , he said , raising the price of vodka to 89 roubles appeared more to be political game - playing than trying to get to grips with the problem .
More effective , according to Mr Oreshkin , would be changing the culture and attitudes towards drink - but doing that would take generations and the problem , as ever , is that Russia always wants an instant solution .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Google Inc. muscled its way further into the mobile industry , unveiling its own branded mobile phone dubbed Nexus One and debuting a new online phone store through which it plans to sell the device and others directly to consumers .
The launch of Nexus One , a thin touch - screen device that runs Google 's Android mobile operating system , thrusts the Mountain View , Calif. , company deeper into competition with Apple Inc. , which makes the popular iPhone .
But ...
Eyewitness Kurt Haskell ’s description of accomplice vindicated after weeks of denial
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , January 28 , 2010
Authorities have quietly reversed the official story behind the Christmas Day underwear bomber attack and acknowledged that an accomplice was involved , despite weeks of denial and derision of eyewitness Kurt Haskell ’s description of a sharp - dressed man who helped Umar Farouk Abdul Mutallab board Flight 253 in Amsterdam .
Buried in the last two paragraphs of a story about alleged female suicide bombers coming from Yemen , an ABC News report contains the following bombshell .
“ Federal agents also tell ABCNews.com they are attempting to identify a man who passengers said helped Abdulmutallab change planes for Detroit when he landed in Amsterdam from Lagos , Nigeria . ”
“ Authorities had initially discounted the passenger accounts , but the agents say there is a growing belief the man have played a role to make sure Abdulmutallab “ did not get cold feet . ”
Detroit lawyer Kurt Haskell maintained from the beginning that he saw a well - dressed Indian man aid the accused bomber to board the plane despite the fact that he had no passport and was on a terror watch list .
“ While Mutallab was poorly dressed , his friend was dressed in an expensive suit , Haskell said .
He says the suited man asked ticket agents whether Mutallab could board without a passport .
“ The guy said , ‘ He ’s from Sudan and we do this all the time , ’ ” reported the Michigan Live news website .
FBI agents interviewed Haskell and he told them about the sharp - dressed man but officials refused to admit that a wider conspiracy was at hand , stoically maintaining the official story that Abdulmutallab had acted alone .
Authorities claimed that videotapes did not show a second man accompanying Abdulmutallab and yet they refused to release any footage of the alleged bomber .
“ Why is this not total breaking news ? ” asks Haskell ’s wife on their family blog .
“ I think we now know WHY the video is not being released .
Because IT SHOWS WHAT KURT SAID !!!!!!
I mean , where is his apology ?
Where ?
They come out in the media , basically calling Kurt a liar , then they take it back , but it is in the bottom of another nonrelated article .
Ridiculous .
And still , to date , no authorities contacting KURT to ask him to look at the freaking video and help identify the guy .
It ’s so insane to me .
We have an eyewitness to this , and they just do n’t care . ”
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
There seems little doubt that Abdulmutallab had at least one accomplice if not more .
Authorities have remained silent on other eyewitness reports which described a man intently filming the alleged terrorist throughout the whole flight , a connection that strongly suggests the attempted bomber was involved in some kind of drill and that his strings were being pulled by people in more senior positions .
In addition , Flight 253 passengers reported seeing a third man connected to the incident being handcuffed by FBI agents after sniffer dogs found something suspect in his luggage .
After initially denying any knowledge of this individual , authorities were forced to acknowledge his existence but claimed he had nothing to do with the attempted attack , completely contradicting multiple eyewitness accounts that state passengers were moved from a waiting area after it was made clear to them that a bomb had been found .
The fact that Abdulmutallab ‘s accomplices were all described as being Indian in appearance would contradict the story that has been spun around the issue in an effort to sell the public on naked body scanners in airports as well as deeper U.S. military involvement in Yemen .
The ludicrous spectacle of long - deceased boogeyman Osama bin Laden apparently claiming responsibility for the attempted attack this past weekend only confirmed that a fairytale was being contrived which was totally at odds with what eyewitnesses described .
Now that Haskell ’s eyewitness account has been vindicated , it remains to be seen whether evidence of a wider conspiracy will be investigated or buried .
There seems little doubt that the latter will be the case if Abdulmutallab ‘s accomplices do n’t conveniently lead back to the Al - Qaeda patsies the establishment has already framed for the attack .
This article was posted : Thursday , January 28 , 2010 at 2:20 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Take a look at what is expected for 2010 on the tech front — big leaps in space exploration and everyone will be watching Google once again .
Space Is The Place
New information from Kepler , a bigger better International Space Station and more Jupiter - Titan and friends news will make for a fascinating year in space exploration and habitation .
Space Tourism Boost
Find your “ local accredited space agent ” soon though , the first “ around 250 ” astronauts have already paid $ 200,000 to spend a few minutes in space .
Virgin Galactic unveiled the SpaceShipTwo in late 2009 , the 6 - passenger shuttle that will carry the first commercial space tourists into space .
When those astronauts will make it to space is a murky subject , but one that the proposed 2010 test flight will address .
The flights have been pushed back before numerous times , but a test flight in 2010 does n’t seem unreasonable .
If the craft performs well and the slew of FAA regulations are completed , the first paying customers could look down on Earth in 2011 or 2012 .
Sir Richard Branson said he and his family would be aboard the first flight and a crew of rich Russians have dibs on the first commercial flight .
Party On The ISS
The International Space Station wo n’t be getting much bigger in 2010 , but it will become more habitable with a new life support system that recycles waste water and generates oxygen for the crew to breathe .
Dubbed “ Tranquility ” the new update — currently slated for February 4 — will also add four new “ birthing locations . ”
No , there wo n’t be any space babies in 2010 , but the new hatches will allow for more spacecraft and space for future lab and living modules .
More than one shuttle will be able to dock — which is a crucial point for future space travel .
Having the option of a pair of space - faring vehicles helps bypass the critical weight requirements for shuttle launches .
If that second shuttle can take off directly from the space station , the weight is n’t as important .
The ISS will also house more spare parts and supplies , allowing for longer stays for more people .
Sailing The Seas Of Titan
In 2010 , NASA scientists will continue to ponder sending a ship to sail in the open seas of liquid methane .
The Cassini Equinox mission recently caught the sun glinting off the moon ’s massive , 150,000 square mile Kraken Mare .
The open sea is the ideal place for a submersible ship to splashdown without having to penetrate thick ice .
The mission will also unveil more news of Titan ’s small , unpopular sibling Enceladus ; which could have greater implications than any celestial body in the solar system .
Researchers have found evidence of “ complex organic chemicals ” on Enceladus which could provide the ideal place for the growth of primitive life .
Brand New Planets
The American Astronomical Society is expected to release news about new planets found by the 2009 Kepler Mission probe .
The AAS meeting in January 2010 will feature NASA ’s “ confirmation of a number of planets . ”
The new planets were spotted by Kepler as it looks for winking stars ; and now that the probe and the science team is up and running , these discoveries will become more frequent .
[ Via NASA and Virgin Galactic ]
All Eyes On Google
Google has a lot brewing for 2010 : the Nexus One , the Google Chrome operating system , updated search listings and the future of Google News .
Google Nexus One
Droid Does , but Google is hoping the Nexus One does it better as it jumps into the mobile phone market .
Google dropped a bomb on the mobile phone market , going up against its own partners using the Android system .
The tail end of 2009 saw leaked shots and bloggers drooling over the new Nexus One .
Un-tethered and unlocked — what amounts to the first Google phone is set for release in January of 2010 and wo n’t require any service plan lock - in .
The Nexus One will feature Android 2.1 and will likely make it easier than ever to use Google Voice as a dedicated VOIP service from anywhere with an internet connection .
Google Voice everywhere could mean some big changes for the mobile phone industry , especially prices .
If Google starts giving minutes away for free , AT&T , T - Mobile , Verizon and everyone else may have some major competition on their hands and could be forced to update their networks for the spike in internet usage .
Android vs Everyone
More updates and more apps will find their way to Android users in 2010 and make for more healthy competition .
With Android 2.0 still rolling out and 2.1 native on the Nexus One and slated for the Verizon Droid and other phones , Google is demonstrating that it is keeping users in mind .
This could attract more developers for the Android Market ’s varied but anemic app store .
The last update of 2009 for most phones brought greater voice activation support and free spoken GPS based on Google Maps , so more novel free features are anxiously awaited in 2010 .
Though Google has n’t given much hint at features beyond 2.1 , but support for Google Wave and Google Fastflip are anxiously awaited .
Google vs News
Google still has Rupert Murdoch ’s blood a boilin’ but that may change in 2010 .
The issue of paying for news and on - site paywalls is a ubiquitous problem in the news community since the people making the news are n’t getting paid for their work .
Google ’s Fast Flip could change all that .
The service allows a snippet of the actual news site in a frame , allowing users to read part of the article but funneling them to the site if they want to read more .
Google basically beat Murdoch to the paywall punch , allowing an easy way for users to find news via Google but still bring their clicks and revenue to the original source .
There has been no official word , but Fast Flip may find its way to the main Google News page sometime in 2010 .
WTF Is Google Wave
Google
Wave is fresh , it ’s interesting and it ’s fun , and despite the fact that the few people with access do n’t know what to do with it , it could change how people view the internet .
The real time protocol allows for what amounts to a online conference room .
Users can drag in pictures , quotes videos even games and useful tools into their wave to share with others .
It could be a total bust , but allowing online , real - time collaboration could be a great way for organizations to supplement or replace the awkward web meetings and conference calls .
It could also change how blogs are done , a mobile phone with Google Wave could update a site immediately .
Citizen journalists , bloggers and online social butterflies should keep an eye on the project and fight for that invite in 2010 .
Caffeine Jitters
Google ’s search algorithm update aims to be faster and more intuitive .
The update will begin rolling out in early 2010 and will feature more real time results from Twitter and Google News .
The update will also penalize slow - loading sites possibly cutting a lot of junk from key search results .
Google Operating System
Google ’s head is in the cloud with the impending rollout of the new operating system .
Designed with mobile computers and online apps in mind , the new operating system will likely first be featured on netbooks , though no official plans have been set .
The Chrome OS will tap directly into Google ’s online apps and , ideally bringing the operating system in line with the wired world sometime in 2010 .
[ Via TechCrunch and Google ’s Blog ]
GENEVA , Switzerland — Robert Richardson has a vision of the future : A long line of trucks wends its way through dangerous territory to bring critically needed supplies to a population in desperate need .
What makes these trucks different is that they are guided by robots instead of human drivers .
Richardson , an expert on robotics at the University of Leeds , was briefing humanitarian agencies last summer at a seminar organized by the Humanitarian Futures Programme at Kings College in London .
He admits that his vision might not be practical at the moment , but the horizon for robots is changing fast , and he is convinced that there should be a humanitarian component .
The military option , on the other hand , is already being explored .
According to Richardson , the Pentagon ’s Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , better known as DARPA , hopes to have a third of the vehicles in the U.S. Army able to operate autonomously by 2015 .
“ The barriers are mainly financial at this stage , ” he said .
“ All technology costs money . ”
But Richardson noted that the common automobile is fast turning into what might have been taken to be a robot several decades ago .
“ It is changing incrementally , ” he says .
“ Rather than an entire autonomous vehicle , they are making individual parts of the car , such as the traction control , autonomous . ”
For major disaster situations , a number of smaller robot vehicles are already showing promise .
Draganfly , a Canadian company based in Saskatchewan , produces several light UAV ( un - manned aerial vehicles ) that can carry a small TV camera .
“ It looks like a model helicopter , ” said Richardson , “ but it is more sophisticated .
In a humanitarian emergency it could provide a quick aerial view of the surrounding area in order to see the condition of roads and where people are . "
The Draganfly , which has just started commercial production , starts at around $ 15,000 .
The forensic department of the Ontario Provincial Police used one in a search for evidence in a homicide investigation in a remote area .
Robin Murphy , a U.S. scientist working on humanitarian robots at Texas A&M University , is developing a system that uses very small helicopter - borne cameras to photograph a disaster area and then feed the data into a computer program called “ Rubble Viewer . ”
The different images are then synthesized into a 3 - D model , which enables rescue workers to immediately visualize the entire scene and determine where survivors are likely to be found .
The rubble viewer project has been using a series of extremely small multi-rotor UAVs produced by Air Robot , based in Germany .
Murphy also runs the Center for Robot - Assisted Search and Rescue ( CRASR ) , which maintains a rapid response team already equipped with a number of specialized robots for search and rescue work .
Apart from aerial surveillance , miniaturized robots have a promising future clawing their way through rubble in order to reach victims trapped by debris after an earthquake or building collapse .
Richardson pointed out in his talk that early attempts to use robots after the 9/11 attacks ran into trouble when loose debris blocked their path or they proved too bulky to get very far .
Considerable progress has been made since then and the current generation is beginning to resemble a menagerie of mechanical snakes or caterpillars , agile enough to carry a miniature television camera deep inside a damaged building .
The University of Michigan has developed a caterpillar - like robot , called the omnitread - 4 , which can move through a hole that is only 4 inches in diameter , and can then climb straight up a tiny crawl space .
Another robot that Richardson ’s group is working on resembles a mechanical mole , and has powerful claws that can push rubble aside .
Convincing the humanitarian world to invest in equipment as expensive as robots might not be easy .
“ The justification for buying equipment rather than medical supplies might be a little blurred , ” Richardson said , “ but you have to balance the cost of the equipment against the value of someone ’s life . ”
“ The idea is to get people involved in humanitarian issues to start thinking about these things , ” he said .
“ We are trying to open doors . ”
Rosie Oglesby , programme coordinator for the Humanitarian Futures Programme , which hosted Richardson ’s seminar in London , said that the idea at this stage is to get humanitarian policy makers together with the latest scientific developments .
“ What we are trying to do , ” she said , “ is to open the planning horizon .
It is more about thinking what ’s out there on the horizon , and what ought to be on your radar .
We ’re opening a dialogue .
These organizations need to be able to engage with the experts . ”
California 's political leaders , who are facing the daunting challenge of closing an estimated $ 20.7 billion budget deficit this year , are looking to Washington for help .
Just do n't call it a bailout .
Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg , D - Sacramento , said he plans to head to the nation 's capital " early and often " seeking federal assistance .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger already has put the federal government on notice that he wants billions he says the state is owed .
And outgoing Assembly Speaker Karen Bass , D - Baldwin Vista ( Los Angeles County ) , said she would head east as soon as this month .
It is not just cash that California wants .
Schwarzenegger is calling for permanent changes to the formula that determines the amount of money the federal government contributes to Medi-Cal , California 's Medicaid program , noting that the state is among the lowest in the country in reimbursement rates .
He also wants money for the costs of providing special education in schools and incarcerating illegal immigrants , both unfunded federal mandates .
Steinberg said he wants a " dynamic partnership " between the federal government and the states , led by California , to spend money for infrastructure .
" No one is looking for a bailout .
We 're looking for an investment , " he said , adding that the state needs to " fight " for more money .
Fuel for the engine
" It 's in the national interest because California is an economic engine , and if we continue to be bogged down in deficits that are largely the result of the recession , then the country is going to have a hard time recovering , " he said .
California already has received just over $ 8 billion in federal stimulus dollars that helped the state close the budget deficit last year .
On Friday , Schwarzenegger will release his initial budget proposal for the next fiscal year , and the Legislative Analyst 's Office already has called on state leaders to " aggressively seek new federal assistance " to help close the projected deficit .
The stimulus money , some of which was supposed to last through the next fiscal year , has been spent , and the state must continue to adhere to the requirements that came with accepting the funds , such as maintaining certain levels of funding for health and human services .
Some Republicans in the Legislature said those strings should have been more closely examined before California accepted the federal stimulus dollars in the first place .
" We do the same thing to local governments , " said Assemblyman Roger Niello , R- Fair Oaks ( Sacramento County ) , who said he is wary about what new requirements the state could face with additional dollars .
" I do n't think it 's realistic to think that any policymaker at any level would grant unconditional assistance to those over whom they have control . "
Lifting federal rules
Niello said the best thing the federal government could do would be to remove mandates for state spending in all areas until there is significant recovery in the economy .
State Sen. George Runner , R - Lancaster ( Los Angeles County ) , said he is open to the idea of pursuing more federal dollars but added that he would rather see an easing of federal payroll tax rules to encourage job growth .
Runner also said California needs to be treated equally with other states , a common sentiment among state leaders , many of whom do n't believe California is getting its fair share of federal dollars .
California ranks 43rd in the country among states in the amount of tax dollars paid to the federal government versus the amount of federal aid that comes back to the state , according to the Washington - based Tax Foundation .
The state gets 78 cents for every dollar sent to the federal government .
Bass , who will be succeeded this year as speaker by John Perez , D - Los Angeles , said she will push members of Congress and the Obama administration to look at those formulas in a host of areas , like transportation , health care and human services .
Changing the formulas
" It is about piecing together bits of a puzzle , that puzzle being looking for funding in various areas where California has to cut , " she said .
Bass said she did not know exactly how much money that would be , but said it is " absolutely in the billions . "
The Schwarzenegger administration is planning a similar strategy , and the governor is using the debate over federal health care legislation to raise the issue .
The governor sent a letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - San Francisco , and other members of the California congressional delegation calling for changes in the Medicare reimbursement rate for the state .
Under current rates , the health care overhaul could cost the state $ 3 billion to $ 4 billion annually .
That cost is due in large part to federal mandates on state spending .
At a recent press conference , the governor said federal mandates " make it impossible to live within your means .
So we are trying to teach everyone to live within your means and we are trying to also work with the Legislature here in California to live within their means .
But the federal government is telling you , as soon as you lower the spending on certain programs , then you lose all the federal funding . "
Avoiding a ' meltdown '
Adding increased Medicare reimbursements to payments for unfunded mandates , along with other dollars the administration said is owed to the state , would bring about $ 7.5 billion in new federal money to California .
Assembly Budget Committee Chairwoman Noreen Evans , D - Santa Rosa , said the state should seek a federal guarantee for its bond debt .
That would mean the federal government would ensure people who buy the state 's bonds that it would repay them in the event California could not .
That idea was dismissed last year by leaders in Washington .
Spending that money , which already has been approved by voters , could create " thousands and thousands of jobs , and it would do it now , " she said .
Jean Ross , executive director of the California Budget Project , agreed that job creation is key and said it is " essential " for California to seek help from the federal government as money could help the state avoid layoffs .
" This really is all about trying to make sure we 're moving toward an economic recovery and that the states do n't drag us back into an economic meltdown , " she said .
photo by Shyald
What is frugality ?
According to dictionary.com , it ’s being economical in use or expenditure ; prudently saving or sparing ; not wasteful .
But it means something different to each person .
For years , it has been synonymous with being a cheapskate or miserly or a temporary wagon to jump onto because of a setback or the economy .
I like to think of it as choosing the best balance of time and money and creating the least amount of waste based on each person ’s priorities .
It ’s living your life in an efficient way .
In other words , it ’s about making the best financial and least wasteful choices based on your own situation as consistently as possible .
Being cheap means always looking for the least cost of items , and miserly is someone who is stingy .
It ’s only natural that some view frugal people in a negative light .
So how do you define frugality ?
Here are a few common ways to understand frugality .
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN WANTS AND NEEDS :
You learn to make positive choices and to enjoy freedom not everyone enjoys .
You ’re aware of the value of your time and money and are n’t concerned with appearances .
You do n’t need the approval of others .
You ’re baffled that anyone would pay more for an item that is available for less .
You delay your spending when possible .
One reader , Donna in Louisiana , shares : “ Frugality is making conscious choices about how I spend my money .
It does not mean I ca n’t have anything .
It means I ca n’t have everything , so when I am frugal , I choose wisely among the many options of both needs and wants .
It is my responsibility to determine what is important enough to fund and what is not , and what is possible to fund .
Frugality is to manage my money with awareness , not simply react to impulses . ”
JOY : You find contentment in knowing you have enough and then some .
You are happy with simple pleasures .
You do n’t need to follow the crowd or keep up with your neighbors .
It is n’t that you do n’t enjoy modern conveniences .
It ’s the fact that you value the impact some choices have on your wallet , health and the environment .
You enjoy being creative .
KNOWLEDGE :
When you ’re frugal , you make informed decisions .
For example , you research products , compare prices , and consider your options .
You do n’t purchase stuff just because it ’s on sale or inexpensive .
Ask yourself the following questions prior to purchasing :
Do you need it ?
Will you use it ?
Is there room for it ?
Can you borrow this ?
How long will it last ?
Can you do without it ?
Can you find a better price ?
Are there negative consequences ?
You learn to do more tasks yourself , make things last , and repair items when possible .
BUDGETING :
You know exactly how much money you have , what you owe and what you spend and save .
You have goals for your hard - earned money .
GENEROSITY : Cheap people are n’t generous .
Frugal people will be generous and can afford to be because they ’re saving in other areas .
PLANNING : You plan and organize to make the best use of your time and money .
Frugal people will invest in an item that will help them save money .
Rather than buy the cheapest shoes , furnishings or tools , they would rather save and buy higher - quality items that will last longer .
They save in some areas so they do n’t have to in other areas .
It ’s not about all the tasks , solutions and strategies .
It ’s about who and what you ’re doing it for .
Science and technology journalists pride themselves on the ability to explain complicated ideas in accessible ways , but there are some technical principles that we encounter so often in our reporting that paraphrasing them or writing around them begins to feel like missing a big part of the story .
So in a new series of articles called " Explained , " MIT News Office staff will explain some of the core ideas in the areas they cover , as reference points for future reporting on MIT research .
In the 1995 Halloween episode of The Simpsons , Homer Simpson finds a portal to the mysterious Third Dimension behind a bookcase , and desperate to escape his in - laws , he plunges through .
He finds himself wandering across a dark surface etched with green gridlines and strewn with geometric shapes , above which hover strange equations .
One of these is the deceptively simple assertion that P = NP .
In fact , in a 2002 poll , 61 mathematicians and computer scientists said that they thought P probably did n’t equal NP , to only nine who thought it did — and of those nine , several told the pollster that they took the position just to be contrary .
But so far , no one ’s been able to decisively answer the question one way or the other .
Frequently called the most important outstanding question in theoretical computer science , the equivalency of P and NP is one of the seven problems that the Clay Mathematics Institute will give you a million dollars for proving — or disproving .
Roughly speaking , P is a set of relatively easy problems , and NP is a set that includes what seem to be very , very hard problems , so P = NP would imply that the apparently hard problems actually have relatively easy solutions .
But the details are more complicated .
Computer science is largely concerned with a single question :
How long does it take to execute a given algorithm ?
But computer scientists do n’t give the answer in minutes or milliseconds ; they give it relative to the number of elements the algorithm has to manipulate .
Imagine , for instance , that you have an unsorted list of numbers , and you want to write an algorithm to find the largest one .
The algorithm has to look at all the numbers in the list : there ’s no way around that .
But if it simply keeps a record of the largest number it ’s seen so far , it has to look at each entry only once .
The algorithm ’s execution time is thus directly proportional to the number of elements it ’s handling — which computer scientists designate N.
Of course , most algorithms are more complicated , and thus less efficient , than the one for finding the largest number in a list ; but many common algorithms have execution times proportional to N2 , or N times the logarithm of N , or the like .
A mathematical expression that involves N’s and N2s and N ’s raised to other powers is called a polynomial , and that ’s what the “ P ” in “ P = NP ” stands for .
P is the set of problems whose solution times are proportional to polynomials involving N's .
Obviously , an algorithm whose execution time is proportional to N3 is slower than one whose execution time is proportional to N .
But such differences dwindle to insignificance compared to another distinction , between polynomial expressions — where N is the number being raised to a power — and expressions where a number is raised to the Nth power , like , say , 2N .
If an algorithm whose execution time is proportional to N takes a second to perform a computation involving 100 elements , an algorithm whose execution time is proportional to N3 takes almost three hours .
But an algorithm whose execution time is proportional to 2N takes 300 quintillion years .
And that discrepancy gets much , much worse the larger N grows .
NP ( which stands for nondeterministic polynomial time ) is the set of problems whose solutions can be verified in polynomial time .
But as far as anyone can tell , many of those problems take exponential time to solve .
Perhaps the most famous exponential - time problem in NP , for example , is finding prime factors of a large number .
Verifying a solution just requires multiplication , but solving the problem seems to require systematically trying out lots of candidates .
So the question “ Does P equal NP ? ” means “ If the solution to a problem can be verified in polynomial time , can it be found in polynomial time ? ”
Part of the question ’s allure is that the vast majority of NP problems whose solutions seem to require exponential time are what ’s called NP - complete , meaning that a polynomial - time solution to one can be adapted to solve all the others .
And in real life , NP - complete problems are fairly common , especially in large scheduling tasks .
The most famous NP - complete problem , for instance , is the so - called traveling - salesman problem : given N cities and the distances between them , can you find a route that hits all of them but is shorter than … whatever limit you choose to set ?
Given that P probably does n’t equal NP , however — that efficient solutions to NP problems will probably never be found — what ’s all the fuss about ?
Michael Sipser , the head of the MIT Department of Mathematics and a member of the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab ’s Theory of Computation Group ( TOC ) , says that the P - versus - NP problem is important for deepening our understanding of computational complexity .
“ A major application is in the cryptography area , ” Sipser says , where the security of cryptographic codes is often ensured by the complexity of a computational task .
The RSA cryptographic scheme , which is commonly used for secure Internet transactions — and was invented at MIT — “ is really an outgrowth of the study of the complexity of doing certain number - theoretic computations , ” Sipser says .
Similarly , Sipser says , “ the excitement around quantum computation really boiled over when Peter Shor ” — another TOC member — “ discovered a method for factoring numbers on a quantum computer .
Peter 's breakthrough inspired an enormous amount of research both in the computer science community and in the physics community . ”
Indeed , for a while , Shor ’s discovery sparked the hope that quantum computers , which exploit the counterintuitive properties of extremely small particles of matter , could solve NP - complete problems in polynomial time .
But that now seems unlikely : the factoring problem is actually one of the few hard NP problems that is not known to be NP - complete .
Sipser also says that “ the P - versus - NP problem has become broadly recognized in the mathematical community as a mathematical question that is fundamental and important and beautiful .
I think it has helped bridge the mathematics and computer science communities . ”
But if , as Sipser says , “ complexity adds a new wrinkle on old problems ” in mathematics , it ’s changed the questions that computer science asks .
“ When you ’re faced with a new computational problem , ” Sipser says , “ what the theory of NP - completeness offers you is , instead of spending all of your time looking for a fast algorithm , you can spend half your time looking for a fast algorithm and the other half of your time looking for a proof of NP - completeness . ”
Sipser points out that some algorithms for NP - complete problems exhibit exponential complexity only in the worst - case scenario and that , in the average case , they can be more efficient than polynomial - time algorithms .
But even there , NP - completeness “ tells you something very specific , ” Sipser says .
“ It tells you that if you ’re going to look for an algorithm that ’s going to work in every case and give you the best solution , you ’re doomed : do n’t even try .
That ’s useful information . ”
Insouciant Americans
By Paul Craig Roberts
12 January , 2010
Vdare.com
The Underwear Bomber case indicates that whoever is behind these bomb scares is laughing at our gullibility .
How realistic is it that al - Qaida , an organization that allegedly pulled off the most fantastic terror attack in world history , would in these days of heightened security choose for an attack on an airliner a person who is the most conspicuous of all ?
Umar Farouk Mutallab had a one - way ticket , no luggage , no passport , and his father , reportedly a CIA and Mossad asset , had reported him to the CIA and Mossad .
Does anyone really believe that al - Qaida would choose as an airliner bomber a person waving every red flag imaginable ?
This obvious question has escaped the U.S. media , a collection of salespersons marketing full body scanning machines for airports .
Would al - Qaida , with its extensive knowledge of explosives , have armed Umar with a " bomb " that experts say could n’t have blown up his own seat ?
It is difficult to imagine a more gullible population than America ’s , but do even Americans believe this story ?
Since 9/11 the F.B.I. has been busy enticing people , who lack organizational skills , into " terrorist plots " that consist of F.B.I. initiated hot air talk .
These ridiculous stings are then taken to trial , and the media fans the flames of fear of " home - grown terrorist plots against Americans . "
There is little doubt that those interested in leading the U.S. deeper into a police state and deeper into a " war on terror " are active in adding orchestrated events to whatever real ones real terrorists manage to accomplish .
The paucity of real terrorists has caused the U.S. government and its Ministry of Truth to promote the Taliban to terrorist rank .
The problem is that these " terrorist acts " are taking place thousands of miles away in lands that the average American cannot find on a map and , thus , lack scare value .
To keep the peril alive for Americans , we have the Underwear Bomb Plot .
What will be next ?
An elaborate head of hair laced with nano - thermite ?
The " war on terror " is a far greater threat to Americans than all the terrorists in the world combined .
This is so because the " war on terror " has destroyed the U.S. Constitution and the Bill of Rights .
American citizens are now helpless in the event someone in government decides that some constitutionally protected behavior , such as free speech , or a contribution to a children ’s hospital in Gaza , where Hamas , a U.S. - declared " terrorist organization , " happens to be the elected government , constitutes aiding and abetting terrorism .
On Jan. 5 a ruling by the Federal Appeals Court in the District of Columbia gave away the most essential protection of liberty by declaring that the U.S. government is not bound by law during war .
The ruling absolves Washington from complying with America ’s own laws and from complying with international laws , such as the Geneva Conventions .
It makes a mockery of all war crime trials everywhere .
By elevating the executive branch above the law , the court gave the government carte blanche .
The rationale offered by the court for refusing to uphold the law came from Judge Janice Rogers Brown , who said that America had been pushed by war past " the leading edge of a new and frightening paradigm , one that demands new rules be written .
War is a challenge to law , and the law must adjust . "
By " adjust " she means " be set aside " or " be thrown out . "
The U.S. Supreme Court has refused to defend both the Constitution and the principle that government is not above the law .
Last Dec.14 the Supreme Court refused to review a ruling by the Federal Appeals Court in the District of Columbia , which dismissed a torture case with the argument that " torture is a foreseeable consequence of the military ’s detention of suspected enemy combatants . "
In other words , neither U.S. nor international laws against torture can be enforced in U.S. courts .
The opinion [ PDF ] was written by Judge Karen Lecraft Henderson .
The " war on terror , " which is enriching Halliburton , Blackwater ( now operating under an alias ) , and the military / security complex , while denying Americans health care , is running up debt that is a threat to Americans ’ purchasing power and living standards .
The contrast between America ’s sanctimonious rhetoric and the murder of civilians and torture of prisoners has destroyed America ’s reputation and caused Europeans as well as Muslims to despise the United States .
The sacrifice of the Constitution and rule of law to a hyped " theorist threat " has destroyed the heart and soul of America herself .
As a poet wrote , " our world in stupor lies . "
Paul Craig Roberts was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury during President Reagan ’s first term .
He was Associate Editor of the Wall Street Journal .
paulcraigroberts@yahoo.com
Epaminondas Korkoneas is accused of murdering a 15 - year - old schoolboy
The mother of Alexandros Grigoropoulos - the Greek schoolboy shot dead in 2008 - has called the policeman who fired the fatal bullet a " monster " .
Tzina Tsalikian told a court that Epaminondas Korkoneas deliberately shot her 15 - year - old son , who had as much value to them " as a cockroach " .
Mr Korkoneas , 38 , denies murder and his colleague Vassilis Saraliotis , 32 , denies complicity .
The shooting sparked weeks of riots across Greece .
The trial was moved from Athens to Amfissa - a small town 200 km ( 120 miles ) west of the capital - to deter attacks by anarchist groups which have vowed to kill the two defendants .
The fatal shooting precipitated the worst riots in Greece 's recent history , and led to a loss of national confidence in the police as an institution .
Forensic evidence Speaking at the trial in her first public comments since the shooting , Mrs Tsalikian said both defendants were " monsters in the guise of men " .
I do n't accept liability for anyone 's death
Epaminondas Korkoneas
She described her son as " a quiet child who trusted the police " .
There is no dispute that Mr Korkoneas fired the shot that fatally pierced the schoolboy 's heart in December 2008 .
The prosecution says the policeman aimed directly at the boy , but the veteran police officer argues he had responded to youths throwing objects at his squad car by firing a warning shot which ricocheted fatally .
" I do n't accept liability for anyone 's death , " he told the court on Friday .
The key forensic evidence will be the ballistic tests on the bullet , says the BBC's Greece correspondent Malcolm Brabant .
Important testimony is expected to come from the teenager 's friends who were with him in the rebellious Athenian district of Exarchia when the shooting took place , our correspondent adds .
The boy 's family have been hurt by accusations made shortly after his death that Alexandros was a troublemaker .
Passage of justice
Both the boy 's family and the main police union have objected to the trial taking place so far from Athens .
The family believes the distance will make it difficult for key witnesses to attend .
The police union regards the move as an insult that implies officers could not guarantee security in the Greek capital .
The 2008 riots raged for more than two weeks
The Greek police union believes the trial is a vital process in rebuilding trust between civilians and the force .
Union president Christos Fotopoulos said society had to be convinced that there had been a fair passage of justice .
" If the public believes there is a fair and proper trial , and the defendants receive proper justice , then this will improve relations between the police and society , " he told the BBC .
The restricted number of access roads into Amfissa has given the authorities a chance to prevent large numbers of potential rioters from getting through .
But shopkeepers in the town have pulled down the shutters in fear that they will bear the brunt of anti-establishment wrath .
The trial , which was adjourned after several hours of testimony and is set to resume next week , is expected to last several months .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This post has been reviewed by the Vancouver Media Co-op editorial committee .
All out against the 2010 Winter Olympic Games !
→ Cooperatives , → Environment , → Video , → 2010 Olympics
ALL OUT AGAINST THE 2010 WINTER OLYMPIC GAMES !
The 2010 Winter Olympics will take place in Vancouver & Whistler , on unceded Indigenous land , from February 12 - 28 2010 .
We call on all anti-capitalist , Indigenous , housing rights , labour , migrant justice , environmental , anti-war , community - loving , anti-poverty , civil libertarian , and anti colonial activists to come together to confront this two - week circus and the oppression it represents .
We are organizing towards a global anti-capitalist and anti-colonial convergence against the 2010 Olympic Games .
* BASIC SCHEDULE : The basic plan thus far is : - Conference and People 's Summit on Wed Feb 10 - Thurs Feb 11 - Fri Feb 12 : Take Back Our City !
“ Welcome ” the 2010 Olympic Torch with Free Games , Free Speech , and Free Food !
Beginning with a festival at the Vancouver Art Gallery at 3 pm , followed by a parade and protest to BC Place Stadium .
Details , including childcare arrangements , at : http://2010welcoming.wordpress.com/
- Autonomous days of action on Sat Feb 13 and Mon Feb 15 including
anti-corporate actions , rallies to oppose militarization , and more .
- On Sun Feb 14th , we will be standing with the 19th Annual Women's
Memorial March to honour all the missing and murdered and women in the
DTES ( this is not an anti-Olympic protest ) .
Details at :
http://womensmemorialmarch.wordpress.com/
We will also be updating our website with additional anti-Olympic events
occurring during the month of February :
http://olympicresistance.net
or
http://no2010.com
* LOGISTICAL INFORMATION :
We are working to coordinate the logistics to host this convergence .
For
information on billeting ( whether you are in need of billeting or can
provide billeting ) , travel and border information , legal updates , food and
childcare arrangements , community spaces , welcome package , and more ,
please check
http://olympicresistance.net
frequently for updates .
* SUPPORT THE CONVERGENCE AND GET INVOLVED !
1 ) Sign - up for our low - traffic list ( 1 - 2 emails per week ) to stay updated
on upcoming events , meetings , and actions .
Please email
olympicresistance@riseup.net
and ask to be added to our announcement list .
2 ) If you are part of another group ( artist , activist , community , union ,
campus etc ) and are planning any kind of activity or event to oppose the
Games during Jan-Feb 2010 , please do let us know so we can stay in touch .
3 ) Host an anti-Olympic educational on your campus or at your next
conference .
Or invite a speaker to your next meeting to discuss what your
group can do .
We are able to provide educational materials including
films , tshirts , comics , buttons , stickers and more !
4 ) Get involved in the Olympic Resistance Network or other anti-Olympic
groups in your neighbourhood or campus .
The ORN has regular General
Meetings on Sundays as well as many committees .
5 ) Spread the word about the convergence !
Forward this notice to your
contacts , join our facebook group
(
http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=22399134613&ref=ts
) , download
posters and flyers about the convergence from our website and pass them
on !
6 ) Please donate !
Hosting this convergence requires significant funds ,
including legal defence funds .
You can donate securely through PayPal on
our website :
http://olympicresistance.net/content/send-us-money
or cheques
can be made out to Olympic Resistance Network and mailed to ORN , 6 - 1857
Kitchener St , Vancouver , BC , V5L 2W5 .
Email
ornfundraise@riseup.net
to
arrange direct deposits or other queries .
* WHY OPPOSE THE GAMES :
The 2010 Winter Olympics will take place on unceded Indigenous land .
Far
from being simply about sport , the history of the Olympics is one rooted
in displacement , corporate greed , and repression .
As Olympic promoters and
sponsors seek to present their sanitized corporate brand image to the
world , the real impacts of the Games are apparent to everyone :
* Expansion of sport tourism on Indigenous lands
* Increasing homelessness across the province and especially in
Vancouver ’s Downtown Eastside
* Misdirected public spending and debt totaling $ 6 billion while funding
for the arts , educations , and health care are suffering cutbacks
* Corporate bailouts and corporate profits for companies with some of the
worst social and environmental records .
* Threats to basic civil liberties and free speech
* Union - busting and vulnerable working conditions for migrant labour
* Unprecedented destruction of the environment
* Unparalleled $ 1 billion police and security spending that is turning our
city into a militarized zone .
Watch : Eight Reasons to Oppose the 2010 Winter Olympics :
http://vimeo.com/4872922
Share this
Which of the 50 states has the most religious population ?
Since there are many ways to define “ religious , ” there is no single answer to this question .
But to give a sense of how the states stack up , the Pew Research Center ’s Forum on Religion & Public Life used polling data to rank them on four measures : the importance of religion in people ’s lives , frequency of attendance at worship services , frequency of prayer and absolute certainty of belief in God.
Mississippi stands out on all four , and several other Southern states also rank very high on the measures .
States with sample sizes that are too small to analyze are combined .
As a result , the lowest ranking is 46 rather than 50 .
.-
The Vatican made a declaration on the protection of the figure of the Pope on Saturday morning .
The statement seeks to establish and safeguard the name , image and any symbols of the Pope as being expressly for official use of the Holy See unless otherwise authorized .
The statement cited a " great increase of affection and esteem for the person of the Holy Father " in recent years as contributing to a desire to use the Pontiff 's name for all manner of educational and cultural institutions , civic groups and foundations .
Due to this demand , the Vatican has felt it necessary to declare that " it alone has the right to ensure the respect due to the Successors of Peter , and therefore , to protect the figure and personal identity of the Pope from the unauthorized use of his name and / or the papal coat of arms for ends and activities which have little or nothing to do with the Catholic Church . "
The declaration alludes to attempts to use ecclesiastical or pontifical symbols and logos to " attribute credibility and authority to initiatives " as another reason to establish their “ copyright ” on the Holy Father 's name , picture and coat of arms .
" Consequently , the use of anything referring directly to the person or office of the Supreme Pontiff ... and / or the use of the title ' Pontifical , ' must receive previous and express authorization from the Holy See , " concluded the message released to the press .
It looks a little like C - 3PO from the “ Stars Wars ” movies , minus the gold sheen and the attitude .
Robovie - II , a Japanese robot with swinging arms and an inquisitive demeanor , has strolled the halls of an Osaka mall to help customers shop .
It could detect people who were walking aimlessly and steer them toward their destination .
A more recent version of the robot has helped the
elderly buy goods at a supermarket .
The arrival of the android shopping assistant , even though still experimental , is a reminder that the robot revolution in Japan is increasingly moving from the factory floor to the home , the hospital , the local restaurant , and even the rice paddy .
Long a leader in industrial robotics – Japan is home to almost half the world ’s 800,000 factory robots – the country is now pioneering uses of automated help for the consumer .
Along the way , it is redefining the relationship between man and machine .
Already , the country has robots that clean , pour drinks , function as security guards , play pool , dance , care for the elderly , act as pets and companions , serve sushi – everything but write this story ( a-s f - a -r a-s I k - n - o - w ) .
“ We see robots as media just like a mobile phone , ” says Norihiro Hagita , director at ATR Intelligent Robotics and Communication Laboratories in Kyoto .
“ And just like a mobile phone , robots would be indispensable in future . ”
Several factors are driving Japan ’s thrust into consumer robotics .
One is the country ’s savvy with technology .
But a bigger reason is demographics .
As the country ’s population ages , robots are considered one solution to a shrinking workforce .
Take the healthcare industry alone .
In the near future , the government health and welfare ministry estimates that the country will need as many as 50,000 more healthcare workers a year .
This is one reason Toyo Riki Co. Ltd. , an Osaka - based company that has designed industrial robots for nearly a half century , began making communication robots a few years ago .
It has one machine that helps patients with physical rehabilitation .
Another welcomes visitors as a “ guard ” at a hospital entrance .
“ We want robots to master [ or learn ] craftsmen ’s skills , as very few young people are willing to do so , ” says Narito Hosomi , president of Toyo Riki .
Other companies are developing “ partner ” robots that will act as companions to the elderly , carrying on simple dialogue .
Secom , a security - service company , manufactures a robot called “ My Spoon ” that helps handicapped people eat a meal .
In other cases , robots are being developed to perform dirty and dangerous tasks .
One machine helps fight fires .
At the National Agricultural Research Center in Tsukuba , northeast of Tokyo , researchers are working on a robot that plants seeds in rice paddies .
It combines a GPS guidance system with an automated harvester .
“ In many cases , robots certainly are produced to do what many people do n’t want to , ” says Katsuhiko Tamaki , a senior researcher on the project .
Still , devising robots for uncontrolled environments , ones that operate outside a factory , is n’t easy – or cheap .
The autonomous rice planter ,
for instance , has come down from its original price tag of $ 200,000 a decade ago .
But it still costs $ 90,000 .
More recently , the Japanese have been touting robots for use in the kitchen .
At recent expos , Toyo Riki showcased a robo- chef , spatula in hand , that flipped pancakes .
Other robots served sushi and sliced vegetables .
Researchers envision them handling repetitive jobs in restaurants and in homes .
Japan is “ doing a great job on manipulation and hardware – the ability to make robots do what you want to do , ” says Curt Stone , an expert at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh .
All of which underscores one other point about the Japanese : Unlike the US , which has focused much of its attention on developing advanced robotics for use in industry and the military – and which has often viewed them as a threat to jobs – the Japanese embrace them with an almost spiritual reverence .
Last month , a robot exhibition in Tokyo drew 100,000 visitors .
“ Many Japanese people got familiar with manga characters in their childhood , ” says Mr. Hosomi , referring in particular to the famous Japanese cartoon Astro Boy , about a youthful robot with a big heart .
“ I think that contributes a sense of affinity to robots .
Some people even ask me , ‘ Have you produced an Astro Boy yet ? ’ ”
In its statement , Republic Airlines said : " While we always regret any inconvenience to our passengers , safety and security must remain our top priority .
In this case , making an unplanned stop in Philadelphia was determined to be in the best interest of our customers and our crew . "
BEN NELSON SHARES DOUBLE-CROSS PLAN … .
As the Senate was poised to approve its health care reform bill , there was a problem — proponents had 59 votes .
Sen. Ben Nelson ( D ) , the chamber ’s most conservative Democrat , was the lone holdout , and his generally incoherent demands about indirect abortion funding very nearly killed the legislation .
( He also demanded a little something known as the “ Cornhusker Kickback , ” which proved to be problematic . )
In time , a compromise was struck .
It was far from ideal , but it allowed the bill to advance .
Nelson said at the time that if the House tried to mess with his deal on abortion financing , he ’d block final passage .
Igor Volsky reports , however , that Nelson now claims he had a secret plan , and was prepared to oppose his own compromise .
[ Y] esterday , in an interview with LifeSiteNews.com Nelson said that he agreed to the compromise to “ get ” the final bill into conference and planned to use his leverage as the 60th vote , to insert his original [ Stupak - like ] amendment into in the final conference report .
“ [ O ] nce it went to conference , as part of the conference , there was still another 60 vote threshold , and that is when I would have insisted … for my last 60th vote , it has to have [ Stupak - like language ] , ” Nelson said .
Let ’s unpack this a bit .
As Nelson describes it now , he struck a deal with his allies , but assures us that he was deliberately negotiating in bad faith .
As Nelson now wants us to believe , he struck a deal and voted for it , but had every intention of going back on his word and betraying his party .
That ’s Nelson ’s defense .
It ’s also almost certainly a lie .
Nelson is trying to bolster his reputation with conservative opponents of abortion rights , and figures this is the best way to do it .
And since a final bill is n’t going back to the Senate anyway , he can make the claim with impunity .
But that does n’t make it credible .
If Nelson had a problem with his own compromise , he would have pushed for changes in the midst of the White House negotiations two weeks ago .
Instead , Nelson never said a word .
He ’s probably just hoping that abortion - rights opponents fall for his tall tale here .
Whether they believe him or not , I hope this comes to Harry Reid ’s attention : Nelson just admitted publicly that his word is no good and that he lies to the Senate leadership during negotiations .
It ’s a detail the Majority Leader may want to keep in mind in the future .
[ imgcontainer right ] [ img:OakHillWVA540.jpg ] [ source ]
Shawn Poynter [ / source ] Downtown Oak Hill , West Virginia . [ / imgcontainer ]
I was sitting with a table of economists who specialized in rural economic development last fall and I finally got the nerve to ask a question that had bothered me for years .
“ Tell me the truth , you all , ” I said .
“ You do n’t really know what works when it comes to development , do you ?
There is no plan for how poor places become rich .
There ’s no recipe for prosperity , is there ?
If there was a sure - fire , step - by - step approach , it would n’t be so hard to turn places around ?
Right ? ”
People looked this way and that and nobody really answered the question — which , of course , was an answer in itself .
Nobody spoke because nobody knew how to make the secret sauce of prosperity .
There is n’t a handy dandy list of “ things to do to make your town prosperous . ”
If there were , the world would be much richer than it is .
There is always a new , new idea about what works to turn poor places into prosperous ones , however .
They arrive with the regularity of an oil change .
Only by looking back is it possible to see that we really do n’t know what works , that there is n’t a formula around so that A + B + C = Prosperity .
Historian Ronald Eller has written a new book called Uneven Ground : Appalachia Since 1945 ( University of Kentucky Press , 2008 ) .
It ’s not a general history of the region , although any student of the eastern mountains should pick up a copy .
Eller has produced a history of development in the United States since the end of World War II .
By following the various ( and ever - changing ) theories of economic development tried in the still - poor regions of central Appalachia , the University of Kentucky historian has written a general history of development policy — and its failures .
Eller ’s book is one of a kind , an invaluable description of Appalachia ’s past and a guide to our common future .
[ imgcontainer left ] [ img: Eller360.jpg ] [ source ] [ / source ] Ron Eller [ / imgcontainer ]
Appalachia has always spoiled the fun for those who have seen the American economy on an ever - upward trajectory .
Eller explains that after World War II , most liberal economists and politicians saw poverty as an exception , “ a minority condition within an otherwise prosperous nation . ”
In the early 1960s , however , press reports from the Southern Mountains told a story of poverty that was very un-American indeed .
A Washington Post reporter quoted a community leader in Hazard , Kentucky , as saying people were staying away from church “ because they did n’t have any clothes to wear or food to eat . ”
Policy - makers began what has become a five - decade search for turning chronically poor communities into working , stable and middle class towns and counties .
As Diane Sawyer found in her recent pilgrimage to Appalachia , those efforts have yet to work .
( See Yonder stories here and here . )
The service Eller provides in Uneven Ground is to recount the many ways the federal government has tried to turn these poor communities into rich ones .
Here ’s a sample of development theories from the last half century :
• Development is like climbing a ladder .
There are stages of development , with each step up setting off another wave of progress .
Miss a step , however , and you ca n’t reach the next rung .
Appalachia ’s problem was that the basic structures were missing — no roads , schools , factories or public services — so the natural stages of development could never get started .
There were too many missing rungs in the ladder .
The key to development was building basic infrastructure .
Others believed that the construction of buildings and roads had to be matched by investments in human capacities , in education , health and job training .
All were the necessary first steps up.[ imgcontainer left ] [ img:appalachia.jpg ] [ source ] [ / source ]
The Appalachian Regional Commission covers counties in 13 states .
[ / imgcontainer ]
• The act creating the Appalachian Regional Commission concentrated federal spending in cities where “ there is a significant potential for future growth , and where the expected return on public dollars invested will be the greatest . ”
The theory was that not every nook and cranny of Appalachia had the potential to develop , so the federal government should focus its attention on “ growth centers , ” which turned out to be the region ’s major cities .
• The poor are poor because of how they act .
To get rid of poverty , people only needed to change their behavior .
Since , as Eller wrote , “ the poor themselves were to blame ” in this view of development , development required only “ strategies for altering this destructive behavior without resorting to redistribution of wealth or to significant structural reform . ”
• The poor needed “ access to power as well as to resources , ” according to the people leading the Office of Economic Opportunity , the epicenter of the federal government ’s 1960s War on Poverty .
OEO administrator Richard Boone required “ maximum feasible participation ” by poor people in local development activities .
Development was n’t an economic activity , according to this view , but a function of community organization and democracy .
( Donald Rumsfeld , in the Nixon Administration , was charged with dismantling the OEO . )
• Universities in the region said poverty could be alleviated by application of knowledge and technology .
Regional leaders needed to be trained and mountain communities had to be taught because , according to one university specialist , development depended on “ the degree of mental , physical , and social development of the people involved . ”
The list goes on ( and on ) : Education was the key , according to some .
To others , Appalachia was a colonial economy , stunted because corporations outside the region owned all the natural resources .
The Appalachian Regional Commission promoted regional planning and the construction of roads and hospitals .
Governors lowered taxes and offered incentives for factories to come to the mountains and jump - start the local economy .
( Governors liked incentives and spent billions persuading companies to locate branch plants in rural places .
This was always a sterile kind of development , seldom leading to more jobs or new businesses .
When manufacturing declines , the areas that specialized in this kind of development are particularly hard hit .
Read about North Carolina ’s rural jobs collapse here . )
Name a development scheme and it ’s been tried in the mountains .
And as Eller tells the story , the effort has had some success .
Overall , poverty and unemployment rates have declined over the years .
But most of those figures describe the region as a whole .
In central Appalachia , in the coalfields of southern West Virginia and Eastern Kentucky , the improvements seen in the rest of the region melted away .
By the turn of this century , Eller writes , “ Appalachia was still one of the poorest places in the United States , and the deepest and most persistent poverty was still concentrated in the core of the region in amounts that far exceeded national averages . ”
Good history is n’t about the past and , being good history , Uneven Ground ’s true value is that it gives us a way to understand the present .
The book has come in handy in the last few weeks .
President Barack Obama announced recently that he would open an office of urban affairs in the White House .
The post “ will bring long overdue attention to the urban areas where 80 percent of the American people live and work , ” Obama said .
We ’ve seen this thinking before , in the early days of the Appalachian Regional Commission .
The president is betting first on a “ growth center ” strategy .
[ imgcontainer right ] [ img:ellerbook.jpg ] [ source ] [ / source ]
Eller ’s new book .
[ / imgcontainer ]
Diane Sawyer ’s unflattering portrayal of rural life on ABC set off a new search for the reasons why the mountains remain poor .
Problems demanded solutions and the solutions offered over the past few weeks revisited most of the strategies found in Eller ’s book .
Fox television news commentator Bill O’Reilly blamed a “ culture of poverty , ” echoing theorists from a half century earlier .
Others said the region needed better schools , improved health care , more industry , local ownership of the land and coal .
Near the end of Sawyer ’s program , the ABC newswoman asked Eller about what was to become of Appalachia .
“ There are ways to think about the future in the mountains in different ways than we ’ve thought about it in the past , ” Eller said .
“ We just need to be willing to dream . ”
The current recession has widened the circle of dreamers , it appears .
Every community is wondering what it will take to regain prosperity .
In Uneven Ground , Eller anticipated this time .
If development in Appalachia has been uneven , it ’s “ because Appalachia ’s problems are not those of Appalachia alone , ” Eller wrote .
In this time of economic collapse , the problems of the mountains are twined with those of the larger society as we all struggle to define and find the good life .
“ We are all Appalachians , ” Eller writes .
Now especially .
Editor 's Note :
This is an article from the archives in which Bruce discusses the age tiers in hockey and the problems they create .
As Junior , Minor and all forms of amateur hockey are all set to kick off , the time is right to revisit the topic and Bruce 's proposed solution .
Scenes like the above have been commonplace in arenas all across our city this weekend , as Edmonton Minor Hockey Week rolls to its conclusion .
It 's closer to Minor Hockey 10 Days , but who 's counting ?
It 's always a highlight of any hockey season , a celebration of the grass roots of the game .
Invariably it gets me thinking of my own experiences within the Edmonton Minor Hockey Association .
Once a hockey parent , always a hockey parent .
I was an active hockey dad from 1992 to 2005 as my only child rose through CanSkate to Tom Thumb , Novice , Atom , Peewee , Bantam and all three years of Midget hockey .
Some years when we did n't have enough volunteers I was an emergency assistant coach , others just a ( mostly ) supportive parent hollering from the cheap seats .
Cheap but not free : there were casinos and bingos and silent auctions and various fundraisers along the way , not the least being the old chequebook itself .
Was it worth it ?
Absolutely .
Would I do it again ?
In a Canadian minute .
Would I change a few things ?
Let 's talk about that .
My son has a mid-December birthday , and throughout his minor hockey career alternated between being the youngest and in the middle age tier of his teams .
He was physically big but emotionally immature , and was treated by coaches and teammates alike as a follower , never a leader .
He was always one school grade behind some of his teammates , oftentimes two years behind .
For a dozen years from Tom Thumb through third year midget it was ever thus .
It came up at a couple of Hockey Canada / EMHA workshops I attended and lip service was paid to rotating the cutoff date through the calendar but nothing ever happened .
I am convinced my kid was seriously disadvantaged by it , and he was far from the only one .
Back in September I brought up here on the Copper & Blue , the subject of birthdate effects on hockey opportunity .
This was superficially based on a simple roster sheet indicating an unusual distribution of birthdates among hockey players playing advanced level hockey ( entry level professionals on one side of the ice , a CIS dynasty on the other ) .
That single example of not - so - random distribution seemed to confirm the continuation of the Birthday Bias I had long noticed in minor hockey , that kids with birthdates early in the calendar year had a distinct advantage and those born late in the year a serious disadvantage , in physical and emotional development , in maturity , and most certainly in opportunity .
Coaches in higher tiers would tend to draft the older kids to fill out their teams , and even in the lower tiers it would be the older kids who were looked on as team leaders .
This is hardly just a casual observation by me , nor is it a new thing .
A couple of commenters on my September post pointed me towards research claimed by Malcolm Gladwell , author of the book " Outliers " , as described in this interview at ESPN.go.com .
In a sidebar , the interviewer , Jeff Merron , conducted a study of NHL players by birthdate which confirmed the bias is widespread and significant .
On further investigation it turns out that the Birthday Bias was identified more than a quarter of a century ago , in research conducted right here in Edmonton and published the year my son was born .
The authors studied birthdate data in the Edmonton Minor Hockey Association in the 1983 - 84 season .
The evidence was stark , and convincing .
Here is one example of their findings :
Figure from " Birthdate and success in minor hockey : The key to the NHL " ( 1987 )
by R. H. BARNSLEY , Faculty of Education , Saint Mary's University
and A. H. THOMPSON , Alberta Mental Health Services
The Birthday Bias is observable but relatively minor in the lowest tiers -- poor players are poor players no matter when they are born .
However in the top tiers the bias is extreme , where older kids are more likely to get the opportunity to fill out the roster and get exposed to better competition .
The authors then go on to establish that the birthday bias continues into junior hockey and on to the NHL .
While there have been some adjustments to the ages of the various divisions since then , one thing that has never changed is that the birthday cutoff for every division is December 31 .
Suggestions to institute a rolling cycle of cutoff dates that would change a few times over the course of an individual player 's minor career have received lip service but no action .
The proposal is apt to cause adminstrative headaches , and inertia is what it is .
So let 's take a new approach to rolling birthdates .
Rather than an ongoing series of changes , let 's make a single change to the entire system which should balance the scales for the foreseeable future .
The concept is simply to establish different cut - off dates for each level of minor hockey .
Here 's one suggestion as to how this could be done :
Tom Thumb : Kids under 7 on December 31
Mite : Kids under 9 on October 31
Novice : Kids under 11 on August 31
Atom : Kids under 13 on June 30
Peewee ** : Kids under 14 on June 30
Bantam : Kids under 16 on April 30
Midget : Kids under 18 on February 28/29
Junior : Kids under 20 on December 31
What will happen under such a system is a kid with any birthday will at some point get an extra year at some level or other , and will at that point switch from being near the young end of the pool to among the oldest .
e.g. a kid with a birthday of , say , July 15 , would get a third year of Atom ; a kid with a birthdate on December 15 will get an extra year of Mite .
Each level with the single exception of Peewee would have an age window of 26 months instead of the established 24 .
But the administrative headaches would be greatly reduced because those dates at each level would never need to change .
** Note the double exception I have made for Peewee : only one year instead of two , and no advance of the cutoff birthdate from the prior level .
This is the level that bodychecking is introduced .
While the other categories would have a 26 - month window , in my perfect world Peewee would be a strict 12 months meaning no second - ( or heaven forbid , third - ) year kids beating up on the kids who have just made it to that level .
All Peewees would be 13 , and all would be learning bodychecking at the same time .
( Further note :
This could also work at age 11 or whatever age is decided appropriate for introducing the physical game .
The principle would be the same , that this element should be introduced in a single year where a major focus of all teams and all players would be learning how to give and take a check . )
This proposal passes Bruce 's first test of being a workable theory : it 's simple to the point of elegance .
I am convinced that implementation of a system like this would result in near elimination of the Birthday Bias and would provide every kid entering minor hockey something approaching an equal opportunity .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Smokers who drop cigarette butts in the City of London face an £ 80 fine in a new crackdown on litter .
Every day about 7,000 cigarette butts are dropped in the City .
They are accompanied by lighters , matches and cellophane wrappers .
Now 10 environment officers will be prowling - and issuing the fines to irresponsible smokers .
Those who give false details will be fined £ 1,000 .
Keep Britain
Tidy described dropping butts as " lazy and disgusting " .
Chief executive Phil Barton said : " Cigarette litter looks terrible and is turning our streets into a giant ashtray .
" Clearly , many smokers have yet to be convinced that their cigarette stubs are litter , so they need to get a personal ashtray or use the bins provided . "
He added : " There can be no excuse for throwing cigarette butts on the ground .
It 's lazy and disgusting . "
Philip Everett , director of environmental services at the City of London , said : " We 're taking a tough line on people who litter our streets .
" We expect this campaign to have an impact on people 's behaviour , if not their purses and wallets when they are caught . "
Do you think this scheme is fair ?
Email us at BBC London
Those who can , do , and those who ca n’t … become pundits ?
Although she has disparaged the media many times in recent memory , former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin is joining the Murdochian empire at Fox News as a contributor and commentator , according to The Washington Post ’s Howard Kurtz .
Perhaps the slogan here should be :
If you ca n’t beat ’em , join ’em .
This latest addition to Palin ’s repertoire of party tricks might seem like a step down or a tacit admission of defeat at the political game , but Kurtz , for his part , does n’t seem to think so .
Regardless , we ’re just glad that “ The Daily Show ” will be around for Palin ’s Fox debut .
–KA
Brad Nowell ( February 22 , 1968 – May 25 , 1996 )
Kurt Cobain ( February 20 , 1967 – April 5 , 1994 )
Janis Joplin ( January 19 , 1943 – October 4 , 1970 )
Jimi Hendrix ( November 27 , 1942 – September 18 , 1970 )
Jim Morrison ( December 8 , 1943 – July 3 , 1971 )
Patsy Cline ( September 8 , 1932 –March 5 , 1963 )
Buddy Holly ( September 7 , 1936 – February 3 , 1959 )
Aaliyah ( January 16 , 1979 – August 25 , 2001 )
Sid Vicious ( May 10 , 1957 – February 2 , 1979 )
Karen Carpenter ( March 2 , 1950 – February 4 , 1983 )
Ian Curtis ( July 15 , 1956 – May 18 , 1980 )
Tupac ( June 16 , 1971 – September 13 , 1996 )
Biggie Smalls ( May 21 , 1972 – March 9 , 1997 )
Keith Moon ( August 23 , 1946 – September 7 , 1978 )
Elliott Smith ( August 6 , 1969 – October 21 , 2003 )
It seems that just as the stars that burn brightest tend to burn out and die first , the best and brightest of the music industry tend to share the same fate .
Decade after decade , there always seems to be at least a couple of the biggest names in the business added to the ever - growing list of rising stars who died before their time .
Whether it be foul play , suicide , or just plain bad luck ( and bad weather ) , they all left us too early .
These 15 music legends all follow that line ; they died in their prime .
Brad Nowell ’s career in music started in 1982 when he was a completely unskilled freshman with latent talent .
He got kicked out of his first band , only to turn around and join another after three years of singingguitar lessons .
In 1988 , after a stint in a little - known punk band called Hogan ’s Heroes , Nowell teamed up with a couple of bandmates and started Sublime .
After years of struggling to get the band recognized outside the local circuit , Nowell died of a heroin overdose just before the release of their now - classic , self - titled debut album in 1996 .
In 1986 Kurt Cobain formed Nirvana in Olympia Washington .
In 1991 he brought us , and a view of full - fledged heroin addiction .
He married Courtney Love in February of 1992 , and that did n’t help matters .
He refused doctors ’ advice on numerous occasions regarding his debilitating stomach pain , and continued on his downward spiral as his band ’s popularity sky - rocketed .
After an especially bad episode , he reluctantly entered rehab , only to vanish days later .
Cobain was found dead on April 8 , 1994 , lying next to the shotgun that he had apparently used to kill himself .
Known and loved worldwide as the lead singer for , as well as for her own solo exploits , Janis Joplin was a force to be reckoned with in the music industry .
She also had a heroin problem , and it would end her before she was ever really finished .
In late 1970 , while working with her own group , the , Joplin was found in her home — dead of an overdose .
She had apparently bought heroin of a much higher potency than usual , and had been drinking when she used it .
A music legend by any standard , Jimi Hendrix is a man not soon to be forgotten by anyone .
After getting a spat of trouble over his involvement in car - theft , Hendrix was forced to choose time in jail or time in the Army .
He chose the Army , and served a year in 1961 before being prematurely discharged , which would be the effective beginning of his music career .
He caught a lucky break in New York , and ended up getting signed in London because of his rendition of .
After seeing huge success in Europe , Hendrix returned stateside to perform at the Monterey Pop Festival , and for the solid , short decade afterward , Jimi Hendrix made rock history .
In 1970 he was found dead in a London hotel , literally drowned in alcohol and sleeping pills .
His death is somewhat of a mystery to this day .
Jim Morrison ’s voice , poetry and music would continue inspiring countless musicians and artists decades after his death .
He died at only 27 years old in 1971 , in a Paris apartment , under circumstances that will likely never be fully resolved .
Morrison struggled with depression , and like so many of his contemporaries , a heroin addiction .
While it ca n’t be known due to French authorities refusing to perform an autopsy at the time , Morrison is believed to have likely snorted heroin , under the impression it was cocaine .
Patsy Cline , most remembered for her song , was a major player in women ’s roles in the music industry .
She was huge , and at the height of her popularity , she was snuffed out in a late - night plane crash .
Her manager was flying them home late one night in 1963 , in a small Piper Comanche .
He made the mistake of trying to fly through some severe weather .
Oddly , Patsy had been giving her things away , writing her last will , and swearing that she felt she was going to die soon in the months leading up to the accident .
Sadly , her sense of foreboding proved to be correct , and the plane went down in the storm .
Much like Patsy Cline , Buddy Holly was a massive influence to later generations of musicians , and as he lived a similarly iconic life , he died a similar death as well .
Holly ’s death would forever be known as , as not only he , but Ritchie Valens and “ the Big Bopper ” JP Richardson all died in the same fateful plane crash .
Holly was only recently married , and his wife was pregnant with their first child at the time of the accident .
She blamed herself for his death , believing that he ’d never have chartered the flight if she had gone with him to begin with .
Starting out in the industry at only 12 years old , Aaliyah had the advantage of entering the field with no prior life to hold her back .
She rose to stardom , first as a pop star and later developed a short career as an actress — but just as that extremely successful career was heating up , Aaliyah died in a plane crash .
She and her crew boarded a severely overloaded plane in the Bahamas and insisted on flying under the dangerous conditions , and the plane went down shortly after leaving the runway .
There were no survivors and it was later found that the pilot was not only new to the airline they were flying , but that he was n’t even rated to fly the plane they had chartered .
Born Simon John Ritchie , Vicious was the notorious and much - loved figurehead of the iconic .
Technically , he was the bassist too , but since he never really learnedto play bass , it was more like a running gag than anything else .
After a drug - induced episode in late 1978 in which Vicious was accused of killing his girlfriend at the time , Nancy Spungen , things hit an all - time low .
Vicious was stuck in an addiction - loop and did n’t even seem to remember if he had or had n’t stabbed Spungen to death .
He got in a fight and spent two months in prison for assault , which gave him an opportunity to detox and clean up .
He managed to stay sober for a short while , before diving back into heroin and ultimately dying of an overdose in early 1979 .
Karen Carpenter sang and drummed in the hugely popular duo she shared with her brother , known as .
Relevant as ever with talk of the likely causes for the recent passing of Brittany Murphy , Karen Carpenter died of heart failure — during a time when little was known or understood about eating disorders .
Karen suffered from anorexia nervosa , and her heart failure was due to complications arising from the illness .
1976 saw the dawn of a whole new era in music , with Ian Curtis and hisentering the field .
The number of popular bands today that attribute their early influences to the iconic band is staggering .
Cutis was n’t a happy person , a condition which undoubtedly helped him in writing the lyrics he so successfully wrote , but it all caught up to him in May of 1980 , just as the band was at the tipping point .
He had massive marital problems , having cheated on his wife ( and gotten caught ) , the stress of the band , major health problems caused by lifelong epilepsy and a running bout of depression to boot .
He hanged himself in his kitchen late one night ; his wife found him in the morning .
On a September evening in Vegas , Tupac was hit four times in a drive - by shooting while stopped at a traffic light after watching a Tyson fight .
He spent six days in intensive care at the local University Hospital , during which countless mourners prepared for his passing and held candle - light vigils throughout the country .
He died six days later .
The ensuing media carnage was nothing short of huge , with New York rapper Biggie Smalls at the heart of it all — being accused of having a hand in Tupac ’s demise .
There was never any definitive evidence lending credence tostory , much less that of Biggie ’s involvement .
The murder has never been solved and to this day remains afile .
We could n’t include Tupac without including Biggie on this list as well .
The fact is , after all this time , nothing ’s really been resolved as far as facts are concerned , but the hard feelings felt so long ago now seem to have flipped — fans of either of the famed rappers now tend to be fans of .
Biggie was shot dead not even one year after Tupac ’s slaying , which he was blamed for by so many .
He was hit four times in the chest , similar to Tupac , and rushed to the hospital where he died not long afterward .
His murder also remains a mystery .
Witty , sarcastic , and goofy , the infamous drummer towas known for wrecking his drum kits as maniacally as he played them .
His signature beats were in the original recordings for the biggest hits the band ever produced , withbeing recorded just three weeks before his death .
Moon was also known for his hilarious penchant forwith great glee , and small explosives .
He died by massive overdose , taking pills prescribed to him in an effort to help curb symptoms of alcohol - withdrawal .
The man simply could n’t walk the middle - ground onElliott Smith was just at the outset of his burgeoning music career when he met his end .
He was only 34 years - old when he was found dead in Los Angeles , with two stab wounds to his chest .
Evidence was inconclusive as to whether he was stabbed , or if he stabbed , but he was known for a near - constant battle with depression , alcohol and drug use .
According to his girlfriend , who was with him at the time , she was taking a shower after they had just had a fight , and came out to find him with a knife in his chest , which she pulled out .
While we ’ll never know for sure , plenty of people agree that the she should have had a much lengthier interview with the police than she was given .
As for Elliott , his music ’s more popular now than it was when he was alive .
West London has many upper class and prestigious areas , but few are as highly respected as Kensington .
Naturally , businesses here are under pressure to meet the high expectations dictated by the tone of the area , and you will not be disappointed by the escorts Kensington London has to offer .
This West London district is part of the Borough of Kensington & Chelsea , and mainly comprises of South Kensington and High Street Kensington .
The area is densely populated , attracting wealthy residents to the costly properties found here .
If you are lucky enough to live within the district , you may have already experienced the escorts Kensington London provides .
Beautiful , glamorous and carrying an air of sophistication , these women make the most luxurious companions .
If you have never used the services of escorts in Kensington , there is no time like the present !
Kensington High Street is a commercial hubbub of shops , drawing plenty of busy activity from tourists and residents alike .
South Kensington is home to several museums and galleries , for example the Natural History museum .
You will also find educational institutions such as Imperial College , and the nationally acclaimed Royal Albert Hall .
You will never be short of ways to entertain escorts in Kensington London .
With so much to do and so much to see , an hour in their company will not seem enough !
Once you have sampled the delights of their first class companionship , you will want to book with V London Escorts again and again !
We are confident that you will be left feeling content after your time with these desirable girls .
Kensington Escorts London are not only available for wealthy and upper class citizens ; any respectable gentleman is eligible to use our agency 's services .
Our prices start from £ 110 per hour - a thoroughly affordable rate .
A variety of hotels are dotted around Kensington .
If you are visiting either on business or pleasure , your stay can become all the more pleasurable with the company of a Kensington escort .
Upon booking , your chosen girl will be brought to your door at your convenience .
Your time spent together will exceed your expectations ; the beauty of these women often leaves men speechless .
The high calibre of this district is in keeping with the quality of the girls available to date at V London Escorts .
If you are enticed by the idea of escorts Kensington London has to offer , do n't hesitate to call us at any time and find out more .
Your experience with one of our stunning girls will leave you with a memory that you can treasure forever .
Hidden among the barcode readers , music players and games in the marketplace for Android software may be apps that could steal your online banking credentials or infect your phone .
Google removed about 1 percent of the apps posted to the Android Market last year , according to a 2009 filing Google made to the FTC ( .pdf ) .
While most of those apps were removed because of user complaints about adult content or copyright violations , two apps attempted to gain access to users ' financial information , according to InformationWeek .
" I am surprised it is that much , " says Artem Petakov , co-founder and CTO of WorkSmart Labs , which offers the Cardiotrainer app , referring to the number of apps removed .
" I assumed the user reporting and flagging was working better than that . "
The possibility of malicious apps in the Android Market has some developers wondering if Google needs to police the marketplace better .
It has also raised questions about the impact of these security holes on consumer confidence and app marketing by developers .
Google launched the free , open source Android OS with the T - Mobile G1 phone in October 2008 .
Unlike Apple , which tightly controls the submission and the review process for its App Store , Google has taken a much more open approach with the Android Market .
Developers do n't have to wait for Google 's approval to get an app into the store .
Instead , the search giant and Android creator is counting on users flagging suspicious or malicious apps .
Last month , two credit unions posted a warning to their customers about a rogue app that uses phishing techniques to gain access to a user 's banking credentials .
Once Google was notified , it moved quickly to remove the app along with about 50 others written by the hacker .
Android Market 's malware - related challenges are not surprising , says Patrick Mork , vice - president of marketing for GetJar , a company that has a catalog of 60,000 apps and runs its own app stores for phones .
" Whenever you have an app store , you always have a challenge with people putting inappropriate content or not following guidelines , " says Mork .
" It 's part of the trade , what it takes to run a retail operation . "
What Google needs is better monitoring systems and a greater emphasis on ensuring a vibrant yet safe marketplace .
" The most immediate thing they could do is to tighten up their content policing mechanisms , " says Mork .
" They could add more staff to review apps in greater depth . "
Google declined to disclose how many employees it has policing the Android Market .
Android OS could make changes to its user interface to educate consumers who are downloading apps as to the kind of permissions the app has , says Petakov .
Google has a strong interest in keeping the Android Market clean and free .
If consumers are spooked or worried about safety of the apps from the Android Market , it could lead to fewer app downloads .
That in turn could eat away at developer support for the fledgling operating system .
" Running an operating system and running a retail store front are two different things , " says Mork .
" Consumer confidence is very important in the latter . "
Still , the developers that Wired.com spoke to were clear that Android 's open model needs to continue .
" We have benefited so much from the instant posting of our app , " says Petakov .
WorkSmart Labs releases a version of their app every two weeks .
" I prefer this over the iPhone model . "
See Also :
Photo : p_kirn / Flickr
60D Specs
Someone claiming to be testing a new APS -C camera from Canon wrote in yesterday .
What are they testing ?
Specs
18 mp APS-C
6.3fps
Single Processor ( DIGIC V ? )
Looks like a 50D , but has a dedicated video button
1080 p Video ( no info on framerates )
Less weathersealing than the 7D
Lenses
The same person claims to also be testing the 24 - 70 f/2.8L II IS and a 100 - 200 f/2L IS .
The 200 f/2L IS is pretty big ( and a personal favorite ) , how big would a zoom version be ?
cr
From the I - will - never - actually - finish - this department I bring you the Semantic Web Cluster - ball :
I started this is a part of the Billion Triple Challenge work , it shows the how different sites on Semantic Web are linked together .
The whole thing is an interactive SVG , I could not get it to embed here , so click on that image and mouse over things and be amazed .
Clicking on the different predicates in the SVG will toggle showing that predicate , mouse over any link will show how many links are currently being shown .
( NOTE : Only really tested in Firefox 3.5.X , it looked roughly ok in Chrome though . )
The data is extracted from the BTC triples by computing the Pay - Level - Domain ( PLD , essentially the top - level domain , but with special rules for .co.uk domains and similar ) for the subjects and objects , and if they differ , count the predicates that link them .
I.e. a triple :
dbpedia : Albert_Einstein rdf:type foaf : Person .
would count as a link between http://dbpedia.org and http://xmlns.com for the rdf : type predicate .
Counting all links like this gives us the top cross - domain linking predicates :
Most frequent is of course rdf: type , since most schemas are from different domains to the data , and most things have a type .
The ball linked above is excluding type , since it ’s not really a link .
You can also see a version including rdf: type .
The rest of the properties are more link - like , I am not sure what is going on with the akt : has - date though , anyone ?
The visualisation idea is of course not mine , mainly I stole it from Chris Harrison : Wikipedia Clusterball .
His is nicer since he has core nodes inside the ball .
He points out that the “ clustering ” of nodes along the edge is important , as this brings out the structure of whatever is being mapped .
My “ clustering ” method was very simple , I swap each node with the one giving me the largest decrease in edge distance , then repeat until the solution no longer improves .
I couple this with a handful of random restarts and take the best solution .
It ’s essentially a greedy hill - climbing method , and I am sure it ’s far from optimal , but it does at least something .
For comparison , here is the ball on top without clustering applied .
The whole thing was of course hacked up in python , the javascript for the mouse - over etc. of the SVG uses prototype .
I wanted to share the code , but it ’s a horrible mess , and I ’d rather not spend the time to clean it up .
If you want it , drop me a line . , see below .
The data used to generate this is available either as a download : data.txt.gz ( 19 Mb , 10,000 host - pairs and top 500 predicates ) , or a subset on Many Eyes ( 2,500 host - pairs and top 100 predicates , uploading 19 Mb of data to Many Eyes crashed my Firefox :)
UPDATE : Richard Stirling asked for the code , so I spent 30 min cleaning it up a bit , grab it here : swball_code.tar.gz
It includes the data + code needed to recreate the example above .
About The Author The Smashing Editorial prepares bi-weekly newsletter issues with lots of love and appreciation for the good ol ’ web with the latest tips and tricks for … More about The Smashing Newsletter Team …
Redesign : When To Relaunch The Site and Best Practices
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
we ’ll discuss how to plan and execute a redesign , and how to find the perfect timing for it .
Redesigning a website is a big job ( needless to say ) and should be handled with care .
Many of us with a portfolio , blog or other website have probably thought about a redesign or at least know we need one .
For many designers , though , that redesign never comes .
As big and important as it is , the job can turn into a hugely daunting task that we put straight on the backburner of our to - do list .
Why is doing a simple redesign so daunting ?
Why is it so difficult to follow through , even when we ’ve decided to do it ?
How can we work on designing our clients ’ websites successfully every day and then perpetually neglect our own ?
The problem is both a lack of correct planning and a lack of understanding of the root need for the redesign .
Once we ’ve identified these elements , we ’re set for success .
In this article , , and how to find the perfect timing for it .
Redesigning a website is a big job ( needless to say ) and should be handled with care .
Many of us with a portfolio , blog or other website have probably thought about a redesign or at least know we need one .
For many designers , though , that redesign never comes .
As big and important as it is , the job can turn into a hugely daunting task that we put straight on the backburner of our to - do list .
Why is doing a simple redesign so daunting ?
Why is it so difficult to follow through , even when we ’ve decided to do it ?
How can we work on designing our clients ’ websites successfully every day and then perpetually neglect our own ?
The problem is both a lack of correct planning and a lack of understanding of the root need for the redesign .
Once we ’ve identified these elements , we ’re set for success .
In this article , we ’ll discuss how to plan and execute a redesign , and how to find the perfect timing for it .
Also consider our previous articles :
What ’s All The Fuss About ?
Every designer has their own clients and projects .
Every day , the designer handles their clients and earns a living for their hard work .
When they have spare time on their hands , they may work on side projects that help their personal growth or gain marketing exposure , or both .
Sometimes , that side project is to update or maintain their portfolio .
To most , this schedule is all too familiar .
The point being : we usually give our side projects a low priority , no matter how much we love them .
Although we ’d like to develop our website , our time is limited , and clients come first .
It ’s no wonder that we never find the time or energy to redesign that special side project of ours .
We usually manage to squeeze in time to work on our redesign , usually at the end of the day , in the hope of finishing it a bit at a time .
This may seem viable at first , but trying to be productive at the end of a long , stressful day is no way to go about this effectively .
We ’ll often find ourselves thinking , “ I ’ll work on it tomorrow . ”
Another reason we do n’t follow through is that we ca n’t articulate why we need a redesign in the first place .
What should be included , and what should the process look like ?
When we finally open Photoshop to get started , we realize we do n’t know where to begin .
All we know is that , for some reason , we are not satisfied with our current design .
This leads us to our only tangible conclusion : the new design has to be better than the last .
And so we are never fully motivated to work on it : we get tired and confused and we put a lot of pressure on ourselves for perfection .
Understanding why we have failed , though , is the first step to success .
Let ’s look at how to combat all of these obstacles and get that redesign done .
Let ’s finally cross it off our to - do list , shall we ?
Should You Do It At All ?
Not every website should be redesigned — at least not at any given time .
Being bored with your current design is no reason to change it .
In fact , that ’s a very poor reason .
The purpose of a redesign is to improve usability , update the brand or take the website into a new era .
If you have no good reason for it , a redesign could actually be detrimental .
Below are a few reasons why :
People love consistency .
We love consistency in the websites we visit every day .
Whether your website has a large following or not , its design is tightly bound up with its identity and is , in fact , part of your branding .
With a complete overhaul , would the website still be recognizable to those people ?
Would they love it just as much , and would it suit their tastes ?
Would they love it just as much , and would it suit their tastes ?
Redesigns take time .
Planning , designing , trying different things , detailing , development : this is all time taken out of your work day .
The redesign may not be a paying job , but it can be worth it if it serves a clear purpose .
If it ’s needed , take the plunge ; if not , why bother ?
Ultimately , do n’t redesign out of boredom .
The redesign may not be a paying job , but it can be worth it if it serves a clear purpose .
If it ’s needed , take the plunge ; if not , why bother ?
Ultimately , do n’t redesign out of boredom .
With incorrect or careless planning , you could seriously impair usability or degrade elements .
In trying to improve the design , we could very well be making it worse .
We crave a redesigning so much sometimes that we do n’t consider its purpose or how a misguided attempt can lead our business astray .
If your website could use a bit of cleaning up and not a complete overhaul , consider the option below .
Redesigning vs. Realigning
Cameron
Moll wrote a popular article on A List Apart way back in 2005 , and it is just as relevant today .
Good Designers Redesign , Great Designers Realign compares people who constantly want to redesign their website and people who upgrade or “ tweak ” their website as necessary .
” … the differences between Redesigners and Realigners might be summarized as follows :
The desire to redesign is aesthetic - driven , while the desire to realign is purpose - driven .
One approach seeks merely to refresh , the other aims to fully reposition and may or may not include a full refresh . ”
Check out the full article to see exactly what he means and for further arguments .
Before undertaking a redesign , ask yourself , “ Does this website need an entirely new look or just a few tweaks to make things look and function better ? ”
If you ’ve decided that a complete redesign is not right for your website , then congratulations : you ’ve just saved yourself a lot of time and unproductive work .
You may have chosen instead to realign by updating the look of the website , adding interactive elements , improving user - friendliness or something else entirely .
You may have chosen to cut things out and minimize the design to highlight the bare necessities .
If you ’ve decided that a redesign is still necessary , which it could very well be , then the rest of this article discusses how to make it successful .
The first phase is to plan adequately .
Finding The Right Time
Because a redesign will take up so much time , planning ahead for the project ’s specifics and timeframe is important .
A designer should create a timeline and set a schedule for their own project , just as they would for a client .
Redesigning Is A Project , Not A Chore
Do n’t set up a schedule that allows you the excuse of , “ I ’ve done enough for today ” or “ I can do this tomorrow . ”
If you set aside two hours at 1:00 pm every working day , the redesign will get done .
Make it a task of your working day , rather than a chore at the end .
Just as you allocate time for new clients , do the same for this project until it is completed .
Once you have set aside time each day for it , be conscious of it and schedule other client projects accordingly .
You may need to take on fewer clients during this phase , so be prepared financially as well .
What Time Is Best for the Website ?
Finding the right time for the website is just as important as finding the time in your schedule .
If you ’re redesigning your portfolio , are you in the midst of pursuing any clients .
If so , would seeing your website under construction scare them off ?
Do you plan on any big changes , upgrades or features that could coincide with the redesign ?
For example , Smashing Magazine timed its redesign to coincide with the introduction of the Smashing Network , rather than just redesign the blog alone .
Redesigning any sooner or later would have been pointless ; the new feature made a greater impact by being a part of this other change .
Review your goals for the website and upcoming changes .
Planning your redesign around them would probably be most effective .
The Planning Stage
To answer the “ Where do I begin ” question , we must plan appropriately and in sufficient detail .
Without a plan , we ’ll run into problems later on , causing us to make many fixes and perhaps give up .
Or we might finish the redesign ( or come close ) and realize that it is not coming together as well as we had envisioned .
So , planning is essential .
Below are the elements that need to be planned before starting the redesign or even sketching ideas on paper .
Content Requirements
At the beginning , many designers will start thinking about navigation placement , visual elements , the “ feel ” of the website and so on .
For whatever reason , we do n’t think of content first .
But we should .
No matter how cool Web design is , content is still king .
Good design helps , and so a good redesign will help , but it wo n’t keep the website alive .
A redesign requires one to think about readability , imagery and detailed typography ( e.g. tags such as pre , blockquote , ol , ul , etc. ) first and foremost .
Assess the current website ’s readability .
It may be great , but could it be better ?
Even if it ’s readable , look for weak points :
Is there enough contrast ?
Do the alignment , baseline , line height and so on complement the design ?
Does the width of the content area help or hinder the readability of the content ?
If the design is flexible , at what point when it stretches or contracts does the content become illegible ?
Do style elements such as pre and blockquote serve their purpose and stand out ?
and serve their purpose and stand out ?
Is the font suited to the letter spacing you ’ve set , and is it appropriate to your audience and industry ?
Even if readable , could the typography be enhanced by vertical rhythm , a typographic scale or something else ?
For more information on many of these matters , check out 8 Simple Ways to Improve Typography In Your Designs .
Get out a notebook and thoroughly analyze the typography of your current design .
Get feedback from others ( both designers and non-designers ) on readability , content placement and overall typographic appeal .
One more thing to consider for the content area is the type and size of your existing content .
If images have always been a certain width , the content area ’s width will need to be matched accordingly .
Likewise , content inside pre tags will not naturally break to the next line or adjust to the new content area ’s width ( after all , that ’s it purpose ) , so take that into consideration as well .
Depending on the website , video , imagery and other multimedia may require a redesign to accommodate the content area ’s width and position .
As a general rule , do not redesign the content area to be narrower than what it was before , otherwise a number of complications could arise .
If a wide content area has compromised readability , though , approach the resizing systematically .
Resize images and optimize content first , then do the redesign .
Back - End Requirements
This stage applies more to complex websites , websites that have WordPress themes or ones with automated content management .
Because many designers have websites that fall into this category or are looking to upgrading their website to a more automated system of maintenance , this step in the plan must be considered .
Many websites have specific technical requirements , as well as features that need to be customized .
When we did Webitect ’s redesign , we forgot to plan for some such features , leaving us with a much longer conversion process than expected .
Our previous theme used WordPress features such as excerpts and custom fields to help manage the content on the front page .
By not planning for this , the new theme did not have these features implemented , and we were forced to manually customize each post accordingly .
Situations like this need to be taken into consideration with other websites and planned accordingly .
Giving specific examples is difficult because each website ’s conditions are different .
To aid the process , write down a list of special requirements that need to be implemented , so that the conversion to the new design is smooth and no features are forgotten .
Taking the time to organize these specifics will save time down the road .
A great redesign should account for how a website has developed since the last design was implemented .
To correctly do so , one must analyze exactly how it has developed .
What goals of the website have been achieved or expired , and what new goals need to be formulated ?
If an new goal for the website is more user interactivity , a number of design elements could be implemented to achieve that result — in addition to all of the technical elements .
Perhaps that means a better contact form , a more prominent “ call to action ” button or a more trustworthy design and color scheme to exude credibility .
With a redesign , we must start over , in a way , taking a fresh look at the website and where it needs to go .
Below are a few resources on formulating and achieving your website goals .
It ’s About What Visitors Want
During the planning stage , consider what the visitors actually want .
Conduct a poll , ask people directly , and especially ask those who have never visited the website before ( via forums , community websites , etc. ) for their fresh eyes .
Aside from asking visitors directly , you must understand your target audience .
Many people do this during the planning phase of the initial design , and probably a few times throughout the course of the website ’s life .
However , a thorough in - depth analysis needs to be done again , and the redesign should reflect the interests of its users .
Even for a website with a small audience , such as a portfolio , what kind of client is it currently attracting , and what kind do you want it to attract ?
Both questions should be considered to push a website in the right direction .
This is also the time to address any accessibility issues that the old design may have had .
Think not only about what users want , but about what they need .
Would the redesign benefit from a dark or light background ?
Would it benefit from larger or resizable text ?
What about a fixed or fluid design ?
Optimizing
As a website evolves , so does its content and keywords and probably your business plan as a whole .
A redesign requires a fresh look at optimization .
What are people searching for to get to your website ?
Where are they coming from ?
Are they finding what they need ?
Optimize keywords , content placement and other SEO - related elements .
The redesign is a great time to overhaul the website ’s optimization systematically , so that the new design enhances it , rather than gets in its way .
It ’s also a great time to plan for the website ’s loading speed .
If it was slow before , a good redesign would make it faster .
Redesign aside , this step will also help you better assess your current content and how it can be improved .
Better content goes great with a new look .
Check out the resources below if you are unsure where to begin :
Review Competitors
After obtaining this preliminary information , it ’s time to start thinking outside the box .
A quick review of competitors ’ websites can help .
Needless to say , do n’t copy them , but noting their strengths and deficits is a great way to build your own website .
What design features do these competitor websites use ?
What is their content like ?
And what do they highlight ?
You may want to use similar techniques in your redesign or draw new ideas based on what you ’ve seen .
Draw a list of competitors and take proper notes in your research .
It will help you better understand your own design style , where they ’re lacking and even what their goals are .
Analyze the Current Design
Of course , we ’ve been analyzing our current design all along in the steps above , but when you go through it again this time , note any minor details in the design and functionality that could be improved .
Also write down random thoughts that you might build on later .
This is the brainstorming stage .
After writing down as many ideas as possible , organize the list into actionable steps .
1. Updating Your Brand
Our notes are prepared and our research done , and we are now ready to begin the redesign .
The first step in this phase is to examine our brand .
Having prepared this much , we may find that our logo , color scheme , tag line and other elements need adjustment .
Of course , there is a difference between upgrading and re-doing a brand .
Even upgrading a brand too much can do more harm than good .
We ’ll want to keep much of our brand the same ( i.e. the general style , logo and message ) .
But could we update it with any of the following ?
The logo should stay the same for the most part , but could it use a glossy makeover ?
If it was made years ago , technology and trends have changed ; so while it should remain recognizable , it might benefit from a polishing .
Examine your tag line , slogan or “ elevator pitch . ”
Does it still match the purpose of the website today ?
Did it become outdated when you adjusted the goals of the website ?
Each website has its own style ( e.g. creative , modern , sleek ) , and some websites mix styles .
The design is a part of your brand .
Going from a Web 2.0 style to a grunge style obviously would n’t make for an effective redesign .
Whatever style you decide on will have to be in sync with your branding ?
Colors play a big role .
You may want to cut down on or increase the colors , but your specific colors should stay the same .
Perhaps you could introduce a complementary color , while still maintaining your others .
Because color has such a big influence on mood and perception , the colors in the redesign should reflect your style and brand .
You ’ll want to update your logo , too , including the overall look , the colors , and small details .
Brainstorm on these elements , but always keep your updated brand in mind .
2. Wireframing
As designers , we know that wireframing ahead of time can yield better balance , alignment and visual hierarchy ; and it is a great way to position everything early on without worrying about the details .
Site Map
At this stage , we can plan the site map .
It may or may not be the same as before .
As we continue in our steps , we begin to see that redesigning a website is not only about the design , but about usability , functionality and organization as well .
Begin with the home page , and work down through the primary navigation and on to secondary navigation .
Various features will need to be added to certain pages ( e.g. RSS link on the front page of the blog ) , so keep that in mind .
Setting up a site map can aid in visualizing your content .
Without a site map , you can easily forget important content as you move to the wireframe , which would create problems down the road when you try to fit a certain element in somewhere .
The Wireframe Itself
Wireframing is definitely an art in itself , and it takes time and practice .
It is one of the most important stages in the Web design process , so giving it due attention during the redesign is essential .
Working from your site map , create an initial wireframe that has everything you need .
Then , improve upon a few of the ideas .
Asking for second opinions on your wireframes can help as well .
Ask your volunteers to point out the sections that stand out the most , the order in which they notice elements and the prominence of key features .
Because wireframing is a lot more involved than we can get into here , consult the list of resources below for assistance :
3. Main Design
Now that we ’ve planned and just begun redesigning our brand , we can move on to the exciting part : the actual website .
Most of us who have given up our attempts to redesign in the past probably started the process at this stage .
We opened Photoshop , chose a pretty color and gave up shortly thereafter .
Now , though , we are much better prepared :
We have researched .
We have worked out our branding , colors and style .
We have laid down a wireframe .
Wow !
We ’re pretty much done — that is , at least with the boring stuff .
At this point , we do n’t have to stop the flow of our creativity to worry about technical details or about whether we ’re doing it right or need to start over .
We have it all planned out , and the plan is solid .
The only things to keep in mind for this phase are what we ’ve already gone over .
If your research spanned a few days or weeks , review what you ’ve prepared .
Print out the wireframe and site map and keep them on hand for reference .
Start putting everything in place , and then go from there : add the design elements , detailing , alignment , balancing .
Make the plan a reality .
4. Development And Testing
Finally , we ’ve come to development and testing .
Code the design ( or outsource it ) and make it fully functional .
Mind the technical back - end requirements , as well as accessibility issues .
This process is fairly straightforward and needs no further explanation .
If you stick to your plan , everything should run smoothly .
Testing and Review
Because we have transferred old content into a new design , we may find errors after we ’ve completed the last step .
In fact , we likely will .
Use a link - checker to double - check all links , and check some manually .
Test for speed , and optimize further if necessary .
Double - check for validation one more time , and fix any behind - the - scenes errors .
This is also your last chance to ask volunteers to review your working version .
You may have overlooked some accessibility issues , forgotten essential content or let some confusing elements slip in .
Even with the most detailed planning , mistakes happen , and catching them before you launch is critical .
Your final testing should be thorough .
You would n’t want to scare off your regular visitors .
One more thing to consider for the content area is the type and size of your existing content .
If images have always been a certain width , the content area ’s width will need to be matched accordingly .
Likewise , content inside pre tags will not naturally break to the next line or adjust to the new content area ’s width ( after all , that ’s it purpose ) , so take that into consideration as well .
Depending on the website , video , imagery and other multimedia may require a redesign to accommodate the content area ’s width and position .
As a general rule , do not redesign the content area to be narrower than what it was before , otherwise a number of complications could arise .
If a wide content area has compromised readability , though , approach the resizing systematically .
Resize images and optimize content first , then do the redesign .
Back - End Requirements
This stage applies more to complex websites , websites that have WordPress themes or ones with automated content management .
Because many designers have websites that fall into this category or are looking to upgrading their website to a more automated system of maintenance , this step in the plan must be considered .
Many websites have specific technical requirements , as well as features that need to be customized .
When we did Webitect ’s redesign , we forgot to plan for some such features , leaving us with a much longer conversion process than expected .
Our previous theme used WordPress features such as excerpts and custom fields to help manage the content on the front page .
By not planning for this , the new theme did not have these features implemented , and we were forced to manually customize each post accordingly .
Situations like this need to be taken into consideration with other websites and planned accordingly .
Giving specific examples is difficult because each website ’s conditions are different .
To aid the process , write down a list of special requirements that need to be implemented , so that the conversion to the new design is smooth and no features are forgotten .
Taking the time to organize these specifics will save time down the road .
A great redesign should account for how a website has developed since the last design was implemented .
To correctly do so , one must analyze exactly how it has developed .
What goals of the website have been achieved or expired , and what new goals need to be formulated ?
If an new goal for the website is more user interactivity , a number of design elements could be implemented to achieve that result — in addition to all of the technical elements .
Perhaps that means a better contact form , a more prominent “ call to action ” button or a more trustworthy design and color scheme to exude credibility .
With a redesign , we must start over , in a way , taking a fresh look at the website and where it needs to go .
Below are a few resources on formulating and achieving your website goals .
It ’s About What Visitors Want
During the planning stage , consider what the visitors actually want .
Conduct a poll , ask people directly , and especially ask those who have never visited the website before ( via forums , community websites , etc. ) for their fresh eyes .
Aside from asking visitors directly , you must understand your target audience .
Many people do this during the planning phase of the initial design , and probably a few times throughout the course of the website ’s life .
However , a thorough in - depth analysis needs to be done again , and the redesign should reflect the interests of its users .
Even for a website with a small audience , such as a portfolio , what kind of client is it currently attracting , and what kind do you want it to attract ?
Both questions should be considered to push a website in the right direction .
This is also the time to address any accessibility issues that the old design may have had .
Think not only about what users want , but about what they need .
Would the redesign benefit from a dark or light background ?
Would it benefit from larger or resizable text ?
What about a fixed or fluid design ?
Optimizing
As a website evolves , so does its content and keywords and probably your business plan as a whole .
A redesign requires a fresh look at optimization .
What are people searching for to get to your website ?
Where are they coming from ?
Are they finding what they need ?
Optimize keywords , content placement and other SEO - related elements .
The redesign is a great time to overhaul the website ’s optimization systematically , so that the new design enhances it , rather than gets in its way .
It ’s also a great time to plan for the website ’s loading speed .
If it was slow before , a good redesign would make it faster .
Redesign aside , this step will also help you better assess your current content and how it can be improved .
Better content goes great with a new look .
Check out the resources below if you are unsure where to begin :
Review Competitors
After obtaining this preliminary information , it ’s time to start thinking outside the box .
A quick review of competitors ’ websites can help .
Needless to say , do n’t copy them , but noting their strengths and deficits is a great way to build your own website .
What design features do these competitor websites use ?
What is their content like ?
And what do they highlight ?
You may want to use similar techniques in your redesign or draw new ideas based on what you ’ve seen .
Draw a list of competitors and take proper notes in your research .
It will help you better understand your own design style , where they ’re lacking and even what their goals are .
Analyze the Current Design
Of course , we ’ve been analyzing our current design all along in the steps above , but when you go through it again this time , note any minor details in the design and functionality that could be improved .
Also write down random thoughts that you might build on later .
This is the brainstorming stage .
After writing down as many ideas as possible , organize the list into actionable steps .
1. Updating Your Brand
Our notes are prepared and our research done , and we are now ready to begin the redesign .
The first step in this phase is to examine our brand .
Having prepared this much , we may find that our logo , color scheme , tag line and other elements need adjustment .
Of course , there is a difference between upgrading and re-doing a brand .
Even upgrading a brand too much can do more harm than good .
We ’ll want to keep much of our brand the same ( i.e. the general style , logo and message ) .
But could we update it with any of the following ?
The logo should stay the same for the most part , but could it use a glossy makeover ?
If it was made years ago , technology and trends have changed ; so while it should remain recognizable , it might benefit from a polishing .
Examine your tag line , slogan or “ elevator pitch . ”
Does it still match the purpose of the website today ?
Did it become outdated when you adjusted the goals of the website ?
Each website has its own style ( e.g. creative , modern , sleek ) , and some websites mix styles .
The design is a part of your brand .
Going from a Web 2.0 style to a grunge style obviously would n’t make for an effective redesign .
Whatever style you decide on will have to be in sync with your branding ?
Colors play a big role .
You may want to cut down on or increase the colors , but your specific colors should stay the same .
Perhaps you could introduce a complementary color , while still maintaining your others .
Because color has such a big influence on mood and perception , the colors in the redesign should reflect your style and brand .
You ’ll want to update your logo , too , including the overall look , the colors , and small details .
Brainstorm on these elements , but always keep your updated brand in mind .
2. Wireframing
As designers , we know that wireframing ahead of time can yield better balance , alignment and visual hierarchy ; and it is a great way to position everything early on without worrying about the details .
Site Map
At this stage , we can plan the site map .
It may or may not be the same as before .
As we continue in our steps , we begin to see that redesigning a website is not only about the design , but about usability , functionality and organization as well .
Begin with the home page , and work down through the primary navigation and on to secondary navigation .
Various features will need to be added to certain pages ( e.g. RSS link on the front page of the blog ) , so keep that in mind .
Setting up a site map can aid in visualizing your content .
Without a site map , you can easily forget important content as you move to the wireframe , which would create problems down the road when you try to fit a certain element in somewhere .
The Wireframe Itself
Wireframing is definitely an art in itself , and it takes time and practice .
It is one of the most important stages in the Web design process , so giving it due attention during the redesign is essential .
Working from your site map , create an initial wireframe that has everything you need .
Then , improve upon a few of the ideas .
Asking for second opinions on your wireframes can help as well .
Ask your volunteers to point out the sections that stand out the most , the order in which they notice elements and the prominence of key features .
Because wireframing is a lot more involved than we can get into here , consult the list of resources below for assistance :
3. Main Design
Now that we ’ve planned and just begun redesigning our brand , we can move on to the exciting part : the actual website .
Most of us who have given up our attempts to redesign in the past probably started the process at this stage .
We opened Photoshop , chose a pretty color and gave up shortly thereafter .
Now , though , we are much better prepared :
We have researched .
We have worked out our branding , colors and style .
We have laid down a wireframe .
Wow !
We ’re pretty much done — that is , at least with the boring stuff .
At this point , we do n’t have to stop the flow of our creativity to worry about technical details or about whether we ’re doing it right or need to start over .
We have it all planned out , and the plan is solid .
The only things to keep in mind for this phase are what we ’ve already gone over .
If your research spanned a few days or weeks , review what you ’ve prepared .
Print out the wireframe and site map and keep them on hand for reference .
Start putting everything in place , and then go from there : add the design elements , detailing , alignment , balancing .
Make the plan a reality .
4. Development And Testing
Finally , we ’ve come to development and testing .
Code the design ( or outsource it ) and make it fully functional .
Mind the technical back - end requirements , as well as accessibility issues .
This process is fairly straightforward and needs no further explanation .
If you stick to your plan , everything should run smoothly .
Testing and Review
Because we have transferred old content into a new design , we may find errors after we ’ve completed the last step .
In fact , we likely will .
Use a link - checker to double - check all links , and check some manually .
Test for speed , and optimize further if necessary .
Double - check for validation one more time , and fix any behind - the - scenes errors .
This is also your last chance to ask volunteers to review your working version .
You may have overlooked some accessibility issues , forgotten essential content or let some confusing elements slip in .
Even with the most detailed planning , mistakes happen , and catching them before you launch is critical .
Your final testing should be thorough .
You would n’t want to scare off your regular visitors .
Conclusion
As creative types , we constantly feel the need to redesign and improve our Web presence .
Often , though , our website is good enough already , and we have to recognize that .
The first best practice , then , is to consciously decide whether a redesign is needed at all .
If we decide that a redesign is needed , then we need to follow certain steps to ensure successful results .
Without adequate preparation and a thorough analysis , even the best designers would n’t be able redesign their website effectively .
It takes more than a great designer ; it takes determination and organization .
With these two characteristics , anyone can carry out the perfect redesign .
Further Resources
You may also be interested in these additional resources :
How to Redesign a Website .NET magazine ’s insight on redesigning also includes a debate on whether to redesign in the first place , as well as many common obstacles to overcome .
21 Factors to Consider Before a Redesign A great set of questions to ask yourself during the redesign process .
Why Redesign Your Website
The article highlights the main reasons why one should redesign , supporting some points that other designers have argued against .
Redesigning Your Website : Who ’s Taking Care of the Content ?
This article goes into depth on how we need to plan for the content before starting the redesign .
6 Things to Note Before Changing Your Site Design
An article similar to the one you ’re reading , but with a bit more technical insight and advice .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Kimi Raikkonen got his World Rally Championship switch underway in earnest on Tuesday when he completed his first test in the Citroen Junior Team C4 WRC that he will use for his maiden full - time rally campaign .
The former Formula 1 world champion completed approximately 50 kilometres of running with the car on a gravel test track at Citroen 's workshop at Satory in France .
" I very much enjoyed meeting the team properly for the first time , " he said .
" It was good to try out a few different things ; I was very interested to see how the car reacted when you changed some of the settings .
" Now I 'm really keen to get back behind the wheel of the C4 again . "
Raikkonen 's first competitive run in the car will come on the Arctic Rally in Finland on 28 January , which he is contesting in preparation for the WRC season opener in Sweden on 12 - 14 February .
Although he contested several national events and the Finnish round of the WRC last year , his previous rallies have been in Super 2000 cars rather than full - spec WRC machines .
Harold Camping lets out a hearty chuckle when he considers the people who believe the world will end in 2012 .
" That date has not one stitch of biblical authority , " Camping says from the Oakland office where he runs Family Radio , an evangelical station that reaches listeners around the world .
" It 's like a fairy tale . "
The real date for the end of times , he says , is in 2011 .
The Mayans and the recent Hollywood movie " 2012 " have put the apocalypse in the popular mind this year , but Camping has been at this business for a long time .
And while Armageddon is pop science or big - screen entertainment to many , Camping has followers from the Bay Area to China .
Camping , 88 , has scrutinized the Bible for almost 70 years and says he has developed a mathematical system to interpret prophecies hidden within the Good Book .
One night a few years ago , Camping , a civil engineer by trade , crunched the numbers and was stunned at what he'd found :
The world will end May 21 , 2011 .
This is not the first time Camping has made a bold prediction about Judgment Day .
On Sept. 6 , 1994 , dozens of Camping 's believers gathered inside Alameda 's Veterans Memorial Building to await the return of Christ , an event Camping had promised for two years .
Followers dressed children in their Sunday best and held Bibles open - faced toward heaven .
But the world did not end .
Camping allowed that he may have made a mathematical error .
He spent the next decade running new calculations , as well as overseeing a media company that has grown significantly in size and reach .
" We are now translated into 48 languages and have been transmitting into China on an AM station without getting jammed once , " Camping said .
" How can that happen without God 's mercy ? "
His office is flanked by satellite dishes in the parking lot that transmit his talk show , " Open Forum . "
In the Bay Area , he 's heard on 610 AM , KEAR .
Camping says his company owns about 55 stations in the United States alone , and that his message arrives on every continent .
' I 'm looking forward to it '
Employees at the Oakland office run printing presses that publish Camping 's pamphlets and books , and some wear T - shirts that read , " May 21 , 2011 . "
They 're happy to talk about the day they believe their souls will be retrieved by Christ .
" I 'm looking forward to it , " said Ted Solomon , 60 , who started listening to Camping in 1997 .
He 's worked at Family Radio since 2004 , making sure international translators properly dictate Camping 's sermons .
" This world may have had an attraction to me at one time , " Solomon said .
" But now it 's definitely lost its appeal . "
Camping is a frail - looking man , and his voice is low and deep , but it can rise to dramatic peaks with a preacher 's flair .
As a young man , he owned an East Bay construction business but longed to work as a servant of God .
So he hit the books .
" Because I was an engineer , I was very interested in the numbers , " he said .
" I 'd wonder , ' Why did God put this number in , or that number in ? '
It was not a question of unbelief , it was a question of , ' There must be a reason for it . ' "
Code - breaking phenomenon
Camping is not the only man to see truths in the Bible hidden in the numbers .
In the late 1990s , a code - breaking phenomenon took off , led by " The Bible Code , " written by former Washington Post journalist Michael Drosnin .
Drosnin developed a technique that revealed prophecies within the Bible 's text .
A handful of biblical scholars have supported Drosnin 's theory , lending it an air of legitimacy , and just as many scholars have decried it as farce .
One of Drosnin 's more well - known findings is that a meteor will strike Earth in 2012 , the same year some people believe the Mayan calendar marks the end of times , and the same year the " 2012 " action movie surmised the Earth 's crust will destabilize and kill most humans .
Meaning in numbers
By Camping 's understanding , the Bible was dictated by God and every word and number carries a spiritual significance .
He noticed that particular numbers appeared in the Bible at the same time particular themes are discussed .
The number 5 , Camping concluded , equals " atonement . "
Ten is " completeness . "
Seventeen means " heaven . "
Camping patiently explained how he reached his conclusion for May 21 , 2011 .
" Christ hung on the cross April 1 , 33 A.D. , " he began .
" Now go to April 1 of 2011 A.D. , and that 's 1,978 years . "
Camping then multiplied 1,978 by 365.2422 days - the number of days in each solar year , not to be confused with a calendar year .
Next , Camping noted that April 1 to May 21 encompasses 51 days .
Add 51 to the sum of previous multiplication total , and it equals 722,500 .
Camping realized that ( 5 x 10 x 17 ) x ( 5 x 10 x 17 ) = 722,500 .
Or put into words : ( Atonement x Completeness x Heaven ) , squared .
" Five times 10 times 17 is telling you a story , " Camping said .
" It 's the story from the time Christ made payment for your sins until you 're completely saved .
" I tell ya , I just about fell off my chair when I realized that , " Camping said .
James Kreuger , author of " Secrets of the Apocalypse - Revealed , " has been studying the end of times for 40 years and is familiar with Camping 's work .
While Kreuger agrees that the rapture is indeed coming , he disputes Camping 's method .
" For all his learning , Camping makes a classic beginner 's mistake when he sets a date for Christ 's return , " Kreuger wrote in an e-mail .
" Jesus himself said in Matthew 24:36 , ' Of that day and hour knows no man , no , not the angels of heaven , but my father only . ' "
' It is going to happen '
Camping 's believers will have none of it .
Rick LaCasse , who attended the September 1994 service in Alameda , said that 15 years later , his faith in Camping has only strengthened .
" Evidently , he was wrong , " LaCasse allowed , " but this time it is going to happen .
There was some doubt last time , but we did n't have any proofs .
This time we do . "
Would his opinion of Camping change if May 21 , 2011 , ended without incident ?
" I can't even think like that , " LaCasse said .
" Everything is too positive right now .
There 's too little time to think like that . "
Google , the world 's leading search engine , has thrown down the gauntlet to China by saying it is no longer willing to censor search results on its Chinese service .
The internet giant said the decision followed a cyber attack it believes was aimed at gathering information on Chinese human rights activists .
The move follows a clampdown on the internet in China over the last year , which has seen sites and social networking services hosted overseas blocked – including Twitter , Facebook and YouTube – and the closure of many sites at home .
Chinese authorities ­criticised Google for supplying " vulgar " content in results .
Google acknowledged that the decision " may well mean " the closure of Google.cn and its offices in China .
That is an understatement , given that it had to agree to censor sensitive material – such as details of human rights groups and references to the pro-democracy protests in Tiananmen Square in 1989 – to launch Google.cn .
Google was in contact with the US state department before its announcement .
Spokesman PJ Crowley said : " Every nation has an obligation , regardless of the origin of malicious cyber activities , to keep its part of the network secure .
" That includes China .
Every nation should criminalise malicious activities on computer networks . "
In a post on the official Google Blog , the company outlined a " highly sophisticated and targeted " attack in December which it believes affected at least 20 other firms :
" These attacks and the surveillance they have uncovered , combined with the attempts over the past year to further limit free speech on the web , have led us to conclude that we should review the feasibility of our business operations in China .
" We have decided we are no longer willing to continue censoring our results on Google.cn , and so over the next few weeks we will be discussing with the Chinese government the basis on which we could operate an unfiltered search engine within the law , if at all . "
Hillary Clinton stepped into the debate , urging Beijing to respond to Google 's announcement .
The US secretary of state said in a statement : " We have been briefed by Google on these allegations , which raise very serious concerns and questions .
We look to the Chinese government for an explanation . "
She added : " The ability to operate with confidence in cyberspace is critical in a modern society and economy . "
Human Rights
Watch praised the decision and urged other firms to follow suit in challenging censorship .
" A transnational attack on privacy is chilling , and Google 's response sets a great example , " said Arvind Ganesan , director of the group 's corporations and human rights programme .
Google said the cyber attack originated from China and that its intellectual property was stolen , but that evidence suggested a primary goal was accessing the Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists .
Two accounts were accessed but Google believed only account information and subject lines were obtained .
It is notifying the other targeted companies and working with US authorities .
Its investigation had shown that , separately , the accounts of dozens of US - , China - and Europe - based Gmail users who are advocates of human rights in China appeared to have been routinely accessed by third parties .
The company added that it was sharing the information not just because of the security and human rights implications " but because this information goes to the heart of a much bigger global debate about freedom of speech " .
Acknowledging the potential consequences , it stressed : " This move was driven by our executives in the United States , without the knowledge or involvement of our employees in China . "
The message , headlined " A New Approach to China " and signed by David Drummond , senior vice - president of corporate development and chief legal officer , said the company launched Google.cn in 2006 in the belief that the benefits of increased access to information for people in China " outweighed our discomfort in agreeing to censor some results " .
At the time Google promised to monitor conditions in China and reconsider its approach if necessary .
But Evgeny Morozov , an expert on the political effects of the internet and a Yahoo fellow at Georgetown University , questioned why Google had made the decision after four years .
" They knew pretty well what they were getting into .
Now it seems they are playing the innocence card ...
It 's like they thought they were dealing with the government of Switzerland and suddenly realised it was China , " he said .
Morozov said it was hard to see the logical connection between the security of human rights activists and Google 's self - censorship , particularly given that the firm had chosen not to comment on whom it believed responsible for the hacking .
It had become easier for " pretty much anyone " to launch cyber attacks in the last few years , he added .
He added that it could have been damaging for Google if news of the breach had emerged later and it appeared the company had done nothing .
Google has only a third of the search - engine market in China , which is dominated by the Chinese giant Baidu .
Although its revenues have continued to rise , many analysts believed it was finding business hard going .
In June Google suffered intensive disruption to search functions and Gmail for over an hour , after authorities told it to scale back search functions .
China has the world 's largest internet population .
Rebecca MacKinnon , an assistant professor at the University of Hong Kong 's Journalism and Media Studies Centre , said her research showed Google had censored less than Baidu .
Google 's decision " certainly sets an example in terms of a company trying to do what 's best for the user and not just whatever increases the profit margins " , she added .
Nart Villeneuve , research fellow at the University of Toronto 's Citizen Lab – which examines the exercise of political power in cyberspace – said the decision to give such a full account of the attacks and link it to human rights issues was unprecedented .
Google 's decision to launch the censored service was highly controversial at the time .
It was attacked by campaigners and accused of " sickening collaboration " in a Congressional hearing .
The Chinese Foreign Ministry referred the Guardian to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology .
But an employee at MIIT said it was not responsible for handling the query , because it dealt with only the technical side of internet issues .
He added that many other departments dealt with other aspects of internet management , but added that he did not know who the Guardian should contact in this instance .
If you think corporations run this country , not only are you correct but now corporations can spend millions to back any federal election .
If you think congress is bought and sold , you are correct , they are .
Home Page
searching for the biggest stars in the cosmos
Astronomers spotted evidence of a very rare event that only happens to the largest and heaviest stars : an antimatter - fueled supernova .
Like the overwhelming majority of stars in the universe , our sun will die with a whisper .
When stars which tip the scales at more than 1.5 times the mass of our sun end their lives , they go out with a bang , leaving either a highly compressed core we know as a neutron star , or a collapsed gravitational well we call a black hole .
But when stars that exceed an astonishing 130 solar masses run out of fuel , something even stranger happens .
Instead of just collapsing into a giant black hole , they completely disintegrate according to astronomers who ran the numbers on these theoretical hypergiants .
Until now , there was skepticism such giant stars can even exist , much less how they explode .
However , supernova SN2007bi , seen in April 2007 as implied by its name , could confirm than not only do 150 + solar mass titans exist , they behave just as the models would predict .
In 2005 , the results of a star survey of our galaxy seemed to point to an upper limit on stellar mass as was implied by Eddington limit , which predicts a tipping point between a star ’s gravitational forces and the force of radiation inside the star .
Exceed the limit and stars begin to shed their upper layers with a fierce solar wind , losing mass .
At some point , stars should no longer be able to hold themselves together and that point might well have been around 150 solar masses , an idea which was further boosted by the lack of identifiable giants exceeding this benchmark in the Milky Way .
However , the Eddington limit is not absolute and is actually more of a rule of thumb than a concrete ruling on the maximum mass and luminosity of stars .
Depending on what goes on inside these giant balls of superheated plasma , the limit could be violated without the predicted loss of mass .
This is where SN2007 bi comes into play .
Giant stars burn their fuel very quickly so an immense sun which weighs in at 130 solar masses or more , has few heavy elements in its core while it rapidly burns away .
Photons created in the thermonuclear furnace of its innards keep the star from collapsing in on itself until the fuel begins running out and the sun contracts , which cranks up the heat .
In these extreme conditions , photons become electrons and their antimatter counterparts , positrons .
But these matter / antimatter pairs wo n’t provide enough outbound energy to keep the star from the now inevitable collapse .
The star now contracts even further , cranking up the heat and pressure past the point of no return and a runway thermonuclear reaction in its oxygen rich core tears the titanic sun apart in a brilliant supernova event .
After the blast nothing is left of its progenitor .
There ’s no neutron star , no black hole , just an immense cloud of freshly synthesized nickel - 56 which will eventually decay into an isotope of iron .
And it ’s this cloud of radioactive nickel which attracted the attention of a team of astrophysicists and astronomers .
More then three sun ’s worth of nickel - 56 was blasted out during the SN2007 bi supernova and it lit the clouds of gaseous debris for months .
Plugging this into a mathematical model for how titanic supernova progenitors explode , yields an initial stellar core of 100 solar masses .
That means the event itself was what ’s known as a pair - instability supernova , the process we just covered above .
SN2007 bi’s progenitor may have weighed in at a jaw dropping 200 solar masses by an enthusiastic estimate .
Just 50 solar masses more and the gamma rays generated during the blast would ’ve been so intense , they ’d break apart atoms streaming away from the blast , slowing down the explosion and allowing the immense core to collapse into a black hole .
We can even find out how big that black hole could be and how long it would last with a pair of handy formulas .
r s = 2 Gm / c2 = 2( 6.673 × 10 –11 m3 kg - 1 s-2)( 4.97 × 1032 kg ) / 8.99 × 1016 m/sec = 738,150 m t ev = 3M / 3 K = 3( 4.97 × 1032 kg ) / 3( 3.89 × 1015 kg3 s - 1 ) = 1.03 × 1082 sec or 3.26 × 1074 years
So if we ever found a supernova generated by a 250 solar mass star , the result would be a titanic black hole just shy of 1.5 million meters across and with an expected lifetime in a time range that should keep it going strong through the heat death of the known universe .
Of course no one has seen any evidence of a 250 solar mass star or above , right ?
Well , maybe they have .
On the edge of a galaxy ESO 243 – 49 , is a 500 solar mass black hole which seems far too heavy to be formed by any known star but is absolutely puny compared to the supermassive monsters found in galactic cores .
Could it be a remnant of a titanic sun ?
Since we now seem to have observational evidence of 130 to 250 solar mass hypergiants , maybe a rare 1,000 solar mass beast is n’t completely out of the question ?
Although we should note that the mechanics of such a gigantic star ever being born and stabilizing itself for at least a few million years are pretty daunting …
See : Gal - Yam , et. al , ( 2009 ) .
Supernova 2007 bi as a pair - instability explosion Nature , 462 ( 7273 ) , 624–627 DOI : 10.1038/nature08579
The Google v China battle is fascinating .
The company 's blog post last night on " A new approach to China " made for startling reading .
It 's a key episode in the history of the search firm , of China 's relationship with the West , and of the web 's development as a supposed engine of freedom and self - expression .
And just to be clear on one point , while I found I could get access to terms like Falun Gong on the google .cn site from London this morning , Google tell me they have not stopped censoring search results in China yet .
" We are continuing to operate within the law " .
You 'll probably have seen my colleague Robert Peston 's take on the story where he made the excellent point that Baidu , a Chinese firm , is the giant in search there , not Google .
But have a look at this - the extraordinary reaction on Baidu 's blog to Google 's move .
It 's turning into a battle of the blogs :
On Google Quitting China
2010-01-13 13:20
" Google claims it will quit China .
What it 's proved is not what the Google fans have claimed , that Google is a ' Human Rights fighter ' .
Just the contrary .
It 's proved that Google is a hypocrite .
" What the Google Chief Legal Adviser said makes me sick .
To quit for the sake of financial interest , then just say it .
To beauty itself up and ostensibly mention that Google comes under attack by the Chinese , and that Gmail boxes of Chinese dissidents have been breached , and to use all these as a pretext for quitting China , such tone is insulting the intelligence of the ordinary Chinese people .
However , it may well satisfy the imagination of those Westerners who have never been to China and understood nothing of China but still like to point fingers at China .
" Let 's put forward one supposition : Would Google top executives still proclaim that they would ' do no evil ' and quit China , if Google has now taken 80 % of China 's search market ?
" The only feeling the whole episode has left me is nausea . "
CommonJS
JavaScript is a powerful object oriented language with some of the fastest dynamic language interpreters around .
The official JavaScript specification defines APIs for some objects that are useful for building browser - based applications .
However , the spec does not define a standard library that is useful for building a broader range of applications .
The CommonJS API will fill that gap by defining APIs that handle many common application needs , ultimately providing a standard library as rich as those of Python , Ruby and Java .
The intention is that an application developer will be able to write an application using the CommonJS APIs and then run that application across different JavaScript interpreters and host environments .
With CommonJS - compliant systems , you can use JavaScript to write :
Server -side JavaScript applications
Command line tools
Desktop GUI - based applications
Hybrid applications ( Titanium , Adobe AIR )
Read an additional introduction by Kris Kowal at Ars Technica .
Sunday , July 17 , 2005
I know you 're in there .
Answer the damn door .
I know you 're in there .
Answer the damn door .
Ah ah ah .... safety first Dante !
Ah ah ah .... safety first Dante !
North End Halifax ?
Even I wo n't hang out here .
North End Halifax ?
Even I wo n't hang out here .
What ?
No deviled ham ?
All I see is chicken .
What ?
No deviled ham ?
All I see is chicken .
So , what do you guys recommend ?
And why are you dressed exactly the same ?
So , what do you guys recommend ?
And why are you dressed exactly the same ?
Gotta love free refills .
Gotta love free refills .
Is this low fat ?
Is this low fat ?
Q104 needs to play more Judas Priest .
Q104 needs to play more Judas Priest .
Watch where you put that finger Cormier !
And lose the double chin .
Watch where you put that finger Cormier !
And lose the double chin .
Let me know if you see any cops .
I totally do n't have a license .
Let me know if you see any cops .
I totally do n't have a license .
I can't drive , 55 !!
This is evil .
I think I 'll put a rotary in Hell .
This is evil .
I think I 'll put a rotary in Hell .
Dude , I 'm still not seeing it .
Dude , I 'm still not seeing it .
Nice place .
A little big , but nice .
Looks familiar .
Nice place .
A little big , but nice .
Looks familiar .
Not the horn you vile beast !
Not the horn you vile beast !
What 's this , Allbran ?
Chris Scott must have left this here .
I wonder where he left his prune juice ...
What 's this , Allbran ?
Chris Scott must have left this here .
I wonder where he left his prune juice ...
Somebody push the damn button .
Somebody push the damn button .
Hmm ...red pills eh ?
These must be those Infernos I heard about .
Hmm ...red pills eh ?
These must be those Infernos I heard about .
Dude , I am totally freaking out right now .
Does anybody else see a giant flowerpot ?
Dude , I am totally freaking out right now .
Does anybody else see a giant flowerpot ?
How did I get sucked into doing Cormier 's chores ?
I 'm the Prince of Freaking Darkness !!
How did I get sucked into doing Cormier 's chores ?
I 'm the Prince of Freaking Darkness !!
No Dante , it 's not normal and it does n't happen to everybody .
No Dante , it 's not normal and it does n't happen to everybody .
You know , I can help you with your driving .
All it 'll cost is .... YOUR SOUL !!
Bwahahaha !
You know , I can help you with your driving .
All it 'll cost is .... YOUR SOUL !!
Bwahahaha !
Well , things are getting pretty serious right now .
I mean , we chat online for , like , two hours every day so I guess you could say things are gettin ' pretty serious .
Well , things are getting pretty serious right now .
I mean , we chat online for , like , two hours every day so I guess you could say things are gettin ' pretty serious .
AmTrust Financial , a privately held regional bank holding company based in Cleveland , has just filed for bankruptcy .
With well over $ 10 billion in assets , AmTrust Bank is fairly large .
The circumstances surrounding its failure are unusual in that the Bank Holding Company ( BHC ) has filed for bankruptcy but the banking subsidiary is still operating .
The picture this event reveals is one of continued distress in the banking industry , especially for regionals .
Bloomberg reports :
The 120 - year - old bank , once known as Ohio Savings Bank , was n’t included in the filing .
The company listed $ 169.5 million in debt and more than $ 100 million in assets in a Chapter 11 petition filed yesterday in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Cleveland .
“ In the past two years , the debtors have diligently attempted to survive the downturn in the economy , ” AmTrust Chief Executive Officer Peter Goldberg said in court papers .
“ Deterioration in mortgage quality and availability slowed the pace of transactions and devalued homes . ”
The bankrupt units include AmTrust Real Estate Investment , AmTrust Insurance Agency and AmTrust Properties .
The company , with bankrupt and non bankruptcy units , had assets and debt of more than $ 11 billion each and about 1,700 employees , it said .
Here ’s what I believe happened .
Cleveland , like the larger Midwestern city of Detroit , was hit hard by the loss of manufacturing in the 1970s and 1980s .
Unlike Pittsburgh , Detroit and Cleveland have never really recovered .
This is reflected in the Case - Shiller Housing Index numbers .
Cleveland has the lowest index numbers of the 20 cities covered outside of the apocalyptic Detroit and mega - bubble to bust city Las Vegas .
Like so many other Midwestern banks faced with poor lending environments in their home territory , AmTrust decided to jump on the Florida or Phoenix real estate bubble bandwagon .
Fifth Third in Cincinnati is another Ohio bank which comes to mind .
I remember going to a wedding in Palm Beach last October at the height of the crisis .
When I got off the plane to look for cash , I was met by a Fifth Third teller machine .
Later I saw a bevy of Fifth Third branches in town .
I wondered what a Cincinnati - based bank was doing at the West Palm Beach airport .
These bets went spectacularly pear - shaped in the housing bust , creating massive losses which were compounded by a deep , deep recession back in Ohio .
No one escaped .
Cleveland crosstown rival NCC was already flogged off last October to the stronger Pittsburgh - based PNC because it was going to fail .
They too had expanded into Florida .
I saw numerous branches in Palm Beach for example .
I reckon AmTrust was shopped around by the FDIC and no bidders were forthcoming .
On Monday , the Wall Street Journal had a good article on just this phenomenon .
People United Financial was looking for acquisitions :
The financial crisis has given People ’s United an appetite for dying banks that nevertheless might have some valuable pieces .
But of the 124 banks to fail so far this year , many of those put up for sale by regulators as part of the seizure process " are of very poor quality , " said Norm Skalicky , chief executive of Stearns Financial Services Inc .
" It ’s not as if you can walk in and you are in business . "
What does that tell you ?
I see it as a sign of many more busts to come .
You might recall that I mentioned a growing dichotomy between the fortunes of big banks and small banks about two weeks ago .
Too big to fail banks have been bailed out .
Regional banks not so much .
Therefore , regional banks have turned off the spigot and are holding on for dear life .
This is what is behind the drop in lending .
As for AmTrust , about two years ago I met with a group of executives at AmTrust Bank at Cleveland Browns stadium for a one - day consulting engagement related to their HR strategy after changing their name from Ohio Savings Bank .
While I enjoyed seeing the football stadium ( and executive boxes ) up close and meeting some nice people , I did not come away feeling like this was an organization in a particularly cheery mood despite the pep talk by CEO Peter Goldberg .
The Bloomberg story makes clear why :
The bank invested heavily in single - family home loans , land acquisition , development and construction loans , court papers show .
The bank has been controlled by the Goldberg family since the early 1960s and the family currently owns 77 percent of its commons stock , according to the court filing .
The holding company was formed in 1977 .
And remember , the Goldbergs own this bank .
Its not like they are profiteering professional managers with no stake in the enterprise .
Clearly they did everything they could to avoid this outcome .
Moreover , the bankruptcy occurred yesterday , not on Friday in the typical FDIC bank seizure fashion .
The Cleveland Plain Dealer suggests the BHC bankruptcy filing is a tactic used to avoid the consequences that befell WaMu when it was seized last year .
See the article AmTrust ’s bankruptcy filing may be a lesson learned from WaMu .
Let ’s watch what happens to the operating company .
Right now , there is nothing on their website about the bankruptcy filing .
The last press release is from October extolling how AmTrust Now Has Twenty - Five Branches in South Florida .
What happens here could be a telltale sign of the near - term fortunes in regional banking .
Credit Suisse is upgrading the regional financial sector ( including Fifth Third , First Horizon , and SunTrust ) because they believe non-performing loans and charge - offs will improve in 2010 .
There are always two sides to every story .
See also AmTrust misses regulators ’ financial demands from February and AmTrust Bank finances have gotten worse , records show from September in the Cleveland Plain Dealer .
Another good article on this is Regulators Fell One Bank , Spare a Rival from April in the Wall Street Journal .
It points out that the demise of NCC and AmTrust would leave Cleveland starved for lending capacity .
And given the lack of funding coming from the federal government , you should expect dire economic circumstances in Cleveland in electoral swing state Ohio to match the already dire circumstances in another swing state , Michigan .
Brilliant .
Our appetite for celebrity gossip will never be satiated .
In other news , check out that chest hair !
Photo stolen from Chad ’s facebook .
Thanks !
Now that you have deer in the freezer there are a lot of options to make some tasty Venison Dishes .
Like beef ther are many different cuts that come from a deer .
Below are some great Venison Recipies from my Friend Greg Kuper .
You can find even more VENISON RECIPES at our website .
Ingredients :-1 2 to 2 ¼ pound venison tenderloin - 1 ½ cups of all - purpose flour - 1/8 teaspoon salt - 1/ 2 cup shortening - 1 beaten egg yolk - 3 tablespoons cold water - 1/ 2 cup of deli or canned liver pate ’ - 1 beaten egg white -* Bordelaise sauce * Fresh Parsley sprigsDirections :
If roast is long and thin , fold narrow ends under and tie .
If roast is flat and wide , tie crosswise in 2 or 3 places to form a rounder roast .
Place meat on rack in shallow roasting pan .
Roast in a 425 degree oven for 30 minutes for 2 pound meat and 35 minutes for 2 ¼ pound of meat .
Remove from pan ( Remove strings if tied ) .
Refrigerate about 10 minutes to cool surface .
Meanwhile , for pastry , in a medium mixing bowl stir together flour and salt .
Using a pastry blender , cut in shortening till pieces are the size of small peas .
Combine egg yolk and water .
Add to flour mixture , tossing with a fork till all is moistened .
Add small amount of water if needed .
Form dough into a ball .
On a lightly floured surface , roll dough into a 14X12 inch rectangle .
Spread with pate ’ to within 1 ½ inches of edges .
Center meat atop pastry .
Fold long sides of pastry around meat , overlapping in center .
Brush edges with beaten egg white and seal .
Place seam side down in a greased shallow baking pan .
Reroll trimmings to make cutouts on pastry .
Brush pastry with remaining egg white .
If desired , insert meat thermometer .
Bake in 425 degree oven for about 25 minutes or till pastry is golden brown and thermometer registers 140 degrees .
Let stand for 15 minutes and carve ( Meat temp will rise 5 degrees while standing ) .
Serve with Bordelaise sauce , garnish with parsley sprigs .- 1 ½ cups of water - 3/ 4 cup of red wine - 2 tablespoons of finely chopped shallot or onion - 1 teaspoon of instant beef bouillon granules - 1/ 2 teaspoon dried thyme , crushed - 1 bay leaf - 3 tablespoons butter or margarine , softened - 2 tablespoons all - purpose flour - 1 Tablespoon snipped fresh parsley Directions :
In a medium saucepan combine water , red wine , shallot or onion , bouillon granules , thyme , and bay leaf .
Bring to boiling ; reduce heat .
Simmer , uncovered , for 15 - 20 minutes ( You should have about 1 1/3 cups ) .
Remove bay leaf .
Stir together butter or margarine and flour .
Add to wine mixture .
Cook and stir till thickened and bubbly .
Cook and stir for 1 minute more .
Stir in parsley .
Ingredients :-8 Bacon Strips - ½ cup chopped onion - 1 can ( 4 ounces ) chopped green chilies - 1 pound of ground Venison - 4 slices Monterey Jack Cheese - 4 sandwich buns , split and toasted - 1/ 4 cup of guacamoleDirections :
In a large skillet , cook bacon over medium heat until crisp .
Remove to paper towels and drain .
Meanwhile , in a small bowl , combine onion and green chilies ; set aside .
Shape ground venison into eight patties .
Top half of the patties with onion mixture .
Cover with remaining patties and firmly press edges to seal .
Grill , covered , over medium heat for 5 - 7 minutes on each side or until done .
Top each with bacon and cheese .
Grill one minute longer until cheese is melted .
Serve on buns with guacamole .
DEER SAUSAGE ROLL - UPS ( MAKES 3 ½ dozen ) Ingredients : - 1 carton ( 8 ounces ) whipped cream cheese - 1/ 4 pound of Deer Sausage ( The Salami Sausage ) finely chopped - 2 tablespoons of dill pickle relish - 4 flour tortillas ( 10 inches ) , room temperatureDirections :
In a small bowl , combine the cream cheese , deer sausage and pickle relish .
Spread over tortillas .
Roll up tightly ; wrap in plastic wrap .
Refrigerate for 15 minutes .
Unwrap and cut each tortilla into 1 inch slices .
The easiest way to change the color of selected text on any web page is using pure CSS trick which you might not know .
Working on some project , today , i find a trick to change the color of selected text .
Whenever a person select a text , its color changes to defined color .
For example , on my blog theme , if you select some text you will notice green color in place of indigo .
( which is default color ) .
I simply added four lines of CSS and all it happens .
Here is the trick .
Simply copy and paste the following CSS into your stylesheet and see the magic .
:: - moz - selection { background : # 93B805 ; color : # fff } :: selection { background : # 93B805 ; color : # fff }
This property is not supported by IE
All done !!
cheers !
AS IF swimming 9000 kilometres from Japan to the US is not enough of a challenge , Richard Pain is also planning to plough through the middle of the Great Pacific Garbage Patch , a floating mass of plastic junk almost the size of the Northern Territory .
" I realise it 's completely mad , " said the filmmaker , 45 , who is selling his Randwick home to raise some of the money needed for the project .
Global warning ...
Richard Pain , 45 , a Sydney film - maker and environmentalist , is planning to swim 9000 kilometres across the Pacific Ocean .
Credit : Nick Moir
" But I 'm aware there is a lot of green fatigue in the broader population .
This is a way to try and raise awareness by doing something more compelling .
It 's like trying to do an environmental version of Super Size Me . "
Mr Pain , a keen ocean swimmer and environmentalist , said he was unfazed by the fact no one had ever managed to swim across the Pacific .
Back in November we reported on a game enthusiast name Eric Ruth de-making ‘ Left 4 Dead ’ into an 8 - bit NES version of the popular game .
Well , finally today the game is officially released for download and ready for players to play .
Pixel Force : Left 4
Dead is a retro de-make of Valve ’s hit zombie killing masterpiece .
Lovingly recreated in a fashion that would have been acceptable in 1986 for the Nintendo Entertainment System , this de-make stands as the flagship title of the upcoming Pixel Force series from Eric Ruth Games .
Go alone , or invite a friend for 2 player co-op against the zombie apocalypse in all 4 of the original game campaigns .
2 difficulties and all 4 of the survivors make a glorious 8 - bit appearence , complete with first and second tier weapons scattered along your path to escape .
So , grab your controller of choice and kick back with an award - winning retro take on the end of the world with Pixel Force : Left 4 Dead .
This definitely brought up some good old NES memories when I was a kid .
So what you waiting for ?
Hurry and go download a copy today and try it out .
Huge thanks to Eric Ruth for taking the time to actually de-make ‘ Left 4 Dead ’
Algae certainly look green ( Image : Ashley Cooper / Alamy )
ALGAE have been touted as a solution to environmental worries over biofuels , but they may be a long way from providing a truly green option .
Unlike maize , soya beans and oilseed rape ( canola ) , algal farms do n’t take up valuable farmland , so algae - based biofuels do n’t threaten food supplies .
However , Andres Clarens at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville has modelled the environmental impacts of algal farms and concludes that they require six times as much energy as growing land plants – and emit significantly more greenhouse gases ( Environmental Science and Technology , DOI : 10.1021/es902838n ) .
“ You have to add a whole lot …
LA PAZ , BCS | Martes 12 de enero de 2010
Redacci�n | El Universal
11:48
Esta ma�ana la Polic�a Federal detuvo en La Paz a Teodoro Garc�a Simental , alias " El Teo " , " K - 1 " o " El tres letras " , quien fue sicario del c�rtel de los Arellano F�lix�y al romper con esta agrupaci�n en abril de 2008 , desat� una ola de violencia en Tijuana , Baja California .
El operativo tuvo lugar en el fraccionamiento Fidepaz , uno de los m�s lujosos que existen en la zona sur de la ciudad .
Ah� habitan pol�ticos y empresarios destacados .
" El Teo " fue detenido en un operativo que inici� cerca de las 6:00 horas y en el que participaron m�s de 50 elementos .
En las acciones se utilizaron dos helic�pteros y cuatro autobuses para desplegaron a los efectivos .
Autoridades del gobierno federal confirmaron que el detenido es " El Teo " .
De acuerdo con informes de la Secretar�a de Seguridad P�blica Estatal , los elementos de la PFP llegaron v�a a�rea al aeropuerto de Los Cabos .
Diez minutos antes de las 6:00 horas se escuch� una explosi�n en la zona , segundos despu�s cinco helic�pteros sobrevolaban el domicilio ubicado en Pez Vela y Sardina , n�mero 710 , teniendo que forzar la puerta principal para entrar .
Una de las aeronaves aterriz� en la colonia Fidepaz y en ella se subieron unas maletas negras .
Alrededor de las 8:00 horas los elementos se retiraron en su totalidad despegando en aeronaves desde el aeropuerto de La Paz , a poco m�s de cinco kil�metros del punto en que se realiz� el operativo .
La zona permaneci� acordonada y se impidi� el tr�nsito por espacio de dos horas hasta concluir la acci�n .
Con informaci�n de NTX .
( While ringing up a customer , the computer flags cold medicine and asks for age verification . )
Me : “ Sir , I need to verify your date of birth . ”
Customer : “ Why ? ”
Me : “ You ’re trying to buy medicine and I just need your date of birth to confirm you are over the age of 18 . ”
Customer : “ Oh. April 20th , 1420 . ”
Me : “ Sir , I really need your actual birth date to continue . ”
Customer : “ 4-20-1420 .
Put it in . ”
( I enter the date .
The system accepts .
I look in disbelief . )
Customer : “ Told you . ”
Since October , 2009 , the Federal Reserve has increasingly hyped the inflation meme by publicly touting the more than $ 1 trillion in excess reserves ( held by banks with the Fed ) which , as the theory goes , could come flying out into the economy in an HFT - New York second , in one hyperinflationary swoop .
If all the world ’s a stage , then Bernanke will be winning an Oscar for this performance , because the futures and currency markets are pricing in a Fed rate hike in the second half of 2010 and a robust US economy .
Rather , we have postulated that this tightening theatre is mere preparation for QE 2.0 , which has been confirmed today ( at least with respect to more Agency MBS purchases by the Fed ) .
We suspect the Fed will wait until the US Dollar index rallies to at least 81 or 82 before announcing the next round of long term Treasury purchases .
Make no mistake , however , those pesky excess reserve dollars will eventually get itchy to rejoin their friends in the economy ( perhaps when they amount to $ 3 trillion sometime in 2011 ) , and the Fed will need all the tools it can strap around its bloated waist to reign them in .
Through the Emergency Stabilization
Act of 2009 , passed shortly after the Lehman bankruptcy , Congress accelerated the effective date to October 1 , 2008 of an amendment to the Federal Reserve Act that would give the Fed the authority to pay interest on excess reserves .
The pros and cons were best expressed by the manager of the world ’s largest hedge fund ( the FOMC ’s System Open Market Account ) in a speech on December 2 , 2009 to the Money Marketeers of New York University :
A key part of the framework is the ability to pay interest on excess reserves .
This authority alone may allow the FOMC to control short - term interest rates to its satisfaction , even if the banking system is saturated with a large amount of excess reserves .
Indeed , the interest rate on excess reserves should act as a magnet for other short - term interest rates , keeping them relatively close together .
In the current environment , the federal funds rate has remained modestly below the rate paid on reserves , typically by 10 to 15 basis points .
If that spread were to remain steady near those levels even as the interest rate on excess reserves was increased , then policymakers would have sufficient control over short - term interest rates without the use of additional instruments .
They could still choose a target level of the federal funds rate and could hit it by adjusting the interest rate on excess reserves .
However , policymakers face some uncertainty about how stable that spread will remain as short - term interest rates increase .
The behavior of the spread today might not be that informative in this regard , as the proximity of short - term interest rates to the zero bound prevents the spread from getting much larger .
In my view , the most likely outcome is that the spread will not widen substantially as short - term interest rates increase .
However , if the spread does become large and variable , then policymakers will need other tools for strengthening their control of short - term interest rates .
With that in mind , monetary policymakers have asked the Federal Reserve staff to develop the ability to offer term deposits to depository institutions and to conduct reverse repos with other firms .
These tools are similar in nature , as they both absorb excess reserves by replacing them with a term investment at the Fed .
By removing reserves that would have otherwise been available for overnight lending , these tools could pull the federal funds rate and other short - term interest rates up toward the interest rate on excess reserves , providing the Fed with more effective control over the policy rate .
The development of both of these tools has made considerable progress …
We end there because the only sizable test of the triparty reverse repo system was perported to be an unmitigated disaster .
So , on the one hand , paying interest on excess reserves has worked so far , but may cease as short term interest spreads increase ( and they undoubtedly will ) .
This could be solved by locking up reserves for a period of time a la reverse repos , but those do not appear to be doing the trick either ( and with the all out assault on the money markets , it ’s dubious they ever will ) .
Selling the Fed ’s accumulated Treasury and Agency stash to drain reserves is completely out of the question as it would put a quick end to deficit spending and the housing refi bubble .
Enter the new Term Deposit Facility , but first , a bit of background .
Common knowledge holds that the Fed does not have authority to issue its own debt .
The very thought of the Fed competing with Treasury at auction does not seem kosher .
Yet , little more than a year ago , with a balance sheet that had recently exploded several orders of magnitude , the Fed was seriously contemplating the issue and exploring it publicly .
A WSJ article from December , 2008 had this to say :
The Federal Reserve is considering issuing its own debt for the first time , a move that would give the central bank additional flexibility as it tries to stabilize rocky financial markets .
Government debt issuance is largely the province of the Treasury Department , and the Fed already can print as much money as it wants .
But as the credit crisis drags on and the economy suffers from recession , Fed officials are looking broadly for new financial tools .
The Federal Reserve drained $ 25 billion in temporary reserves from the banking system when it arranged overnight reverse repurchase agreements .
Fed officials have approached Congress about the concept , which could include issuing bills or some other form of debt , according to people familiar with the matter .
It is n't known whether these preliminary discussions will result in a formal proposal or Fed action .
One hurdle : The Federal Reserve Act does n't explicitly permit the Fed to issue notes beyond currency .
Just exploring the idea underscores many challenges the ongoing problems are creating for the Fed , as well as the lengths to which the central bank is going to come up with new ideas .
…
With Treasury - bill rates now near zero , it seems unlikely that Fed debt would push Treasury rates much higher , but it could some day become an issue .
There are also questions about the Fed 's authority .
" I had always worked under the assumption that the Federal Reserve could n't issue debt , " said Vincent Reinhart , a former senior Fed staffer who is now an economist at the American Enterprise Institute .
He says it is an action better suited to the Treasury Department , which has clear congressional authority to borrow on behalf of the government .
Even current high ranking
Fed staff hold this to be true , as San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank President and CEO Janet Yellen stated on May 6 , 2009 :
The simplest approach — the one that we have used traditionally — would be to shrink our balance sheet by selling the Treasuries , agency debt , and agency MBS we accumulated during the crisis .
Many of the special liquidity and credit facilities we have developed will be phased out as financial markets recover .
But it is conceivable that , even with the economy rebounding nicely , the credit crunch might not be fully behind us and some financial markets might still need Fed support .
In this case , we could increase the interest rate we pay on bank reserves .
This would induce banks to remove funds from the federal funds market and lend them to us , thereby increasing the federal funds rate and longer - term interest rates that are more relevant to private borrowers .
Importantly , this approach provides us with the flexibility to tighten monetary policy in response to an improving macroeconomic picture without shrinking the size of our balance sheet or our support to financial markets .
It is the main method employed by many central banks to influence financial conditions .
An alternative approach that could accomplish the same goal , and perhaps do it better , would be something completely new for the Federal Reserve — that ’s to issue interest - bearing debt broadly to private investors .
Let ’s call this debt Fed bills .
Congress would have to authorize this , but it too is a tool available to many central banks .
The sale of Fed bills would reduce the reserves of the banking system , as in a typical contractionary open - market operation .
As with interest on reserves , we could accomplish a tightening of policy while maintaining our support of credit markets .
But Fed bills would have an advantage over interest on reserves .
The loans to the Fed would come from investors throughout the economy , not just from banks .
[ More on this later . ]
At a time when we need banks to lend to the private sector to fight a credit crunch , this is a decided plus .
Clearly , the Fed can not issue its own debt .
However , on December 28 , 2009 , amid the eggnog - sloshed holidays , the Fed solicited comments on a proposed amendment to Regulation D that would combine the features of two of its other excess reserves handling facilities to create a new Term Deposit Facility ( TDF ) .
As we will soon demonstrate , the innocuously sounding facility is nothing more than a de facto debt issuance mechanism that once again pushes the envelope of the Fed ’s statutory ( not to mention Constitutional ) authority .
And , lest we ask you to suspend disbelief any longer , consider the following .
If Treasury decided to become a bit more opportunistic and issued a new series of bills of multiple short term durations that ( i ) were auctioned competitively , ( ii ) paid interest , ( iii ) carried a zero risk weighting , ( iv ) were not directly transferrable , but ( v ) did allow for a temporary return of principal for a premium –would we not hesitate to call it a new debt instrument of the US Government ?
That is exactly what the Federal Reserve will achieve with the TDF .
So what of the fact that only banks can participate ?
First , a developing story here is the filing for bank holding companies by hedge fund affiliates and private equity underwriters , which further blurs the line between banks and nonbanks .
Witness the recent grant of bank holding company status to Alcar , LLC , an affiliate of West Side Advisors .
Though the “ conservative leverage of 2 - 3 times ” was enough to bring down at least one hedge fund , one wonders what leverage will be employed with the ability to borrow at 0.12 % .
Secondly , it is not difficult to imagine JPM setting up a new Fed Bills bespoke derivatives desk to overcome any transferability hurdles .
One of the interesting features of the Fed bills is that they may be used as collateral at the discount window so that , in a pinch , a bank could regain access to the supposedly locked up funds .
This is functionally no different than a bank pledging a T - Bill at the window ; however , as we witnessed last fall , the hoarding and dumping of T - Bills made for some spectacular fluctuations in short term interest rates .
The Fed is only statutorily bound in terms of the interest rate it pays , that it does not “ exceed the general level of short - term interest rates . ”
In the proposed Regulation D amendment , the Fed writes :
For these purposes , ‘‘ short - term interest rates ’’ would be defined as the primary credit rate and rates on obligations with maturities of up to one year in which eligible institutions may invest , such as rates on term Federal funds , term repurchase agreements , commercial paper , term Eurodollar deposits , and other [ Treasury ?
No do n’t mention Treasury ] similar rates .
Conceivably , even an average over several weeks would do .
What premium or discount would Fed Bills command with respect to Treasury Bills ?
With hundreds of billions ( or trillions ) in excess reserves locked up in durations of up to one year , would the Fed not have the ability to directly influence a broader spectrum of the yield curve ?
Once Treasury QE 2.0 is announced , would the Fed not be the entire yield curve ?
Consider too , it would take but a one sentence revision in a ramrodded Congressional bill circa the next crisis to allow the Fed to pay interest at any rate , thus introducing Fed Notes and Fed Bonds .
No doubt , the Fed has considered this , but there is no precedent for the actions of the world ’s largest central bank engaging in these types of activities .
By President Yellen ’s own admission , the Fed did not have the authority to issue its own debt in May , 2009 , so why does it now ?
A simple question posed , but unlikely to get a response , just prior to Mr. Bernanke ’s reappointment vote .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
In Meat Wagon , we round up the latest outrages from the meat and livestock industries .
The Obama administration still has n’t chosen a director of the USDA ’s FSIS — the office charged with overseeing the safety of the nation ’s meat supply .
Meanwhile , the new year is off to a rollicking start on the E. coli-tainted - beef front .
A California company named Huntington Meat Packing has had to recall 864,000 pounds of ground beef last week , after USDA inspectors found it laced with the deadly E. coli 0157 strain .
According to Meat Wagon ’s proprietary mathematical models , that ’s enough dodgy burger to make 3.56 million Quarter Pounders , or a scary Quarter Pounder for every resident of Chicago ( population 2.8 million ) , with 756,000 extra burgers for folks to have seconds .
Wow .
It should be noted that Huntington Meat Packing is a relatively small beef packer in an industry dominated by giants .
These days , three companies — Tyson , Cargill , and JBS — slaughter about 75 percent of cows raised in the United States .
With their massive market shares and global - spanning scale , these corporations are masters at churning out profit by doing everything as cheaply as possible ; and forcing any smaller company that wants to compete with them to do the same .
When your main incentive is to do things cheaply , as opposed to doing them right , food - safety problems are all but inevitable .
Relatively small packers like Huntington are hardly the only ones prone to churning out tainted meat .
Last year , a plant owned by Cargill — the globe ’s largest agribusiness firm , which packs about a quarter of the beef consumed in the U.S. — had at least two massive recalls ( see here and here ) .
The beef industry ’s steady trickle of recalls is surely expensive and embarrassing ; but it is n’t doing much to change practices — or else there would n’t be that steady trickle of recalls .
It must be cheaper to endure recalls than to stop practices that cause them in the first place .
Indeed , the business model of modern beef production hinges on two practices that seem to ensure that the resulting product will be laced with pathogens .
Both are related to the feedlot , not the slaughterhouse .
The first is feeding corn and corn byproducts to ruminants that evolved to eat grass — a feeding regime that seems to have created E. coli 0157 , which is innocuous to cows but potentially deadly to humans .
As Michael Pollan wrote a few years ago :
The lethal strain of E. coli known as 0157:H7 , responsible for this latest outbreak of food poisoning , was unknown before 1982 ; it is believed to have evolved in the gut of feedlot cattle .
These are animals that stand around in their manure all day long , eating a diet of grain that happens to turn a cow ’s rumen into an ideal habitat for E. coli 0157:H7 .
( The bug ca n’t survive long in cattle living on grass . )
The second highly questionable practice is to regularly dose cows with antibiotics , which probably explains the rise of antibiotic - resistant salmonella in hamburger meat .
Here ’s what I think is going to happen :
Rather than change these two practices , the industry and its government overseers will grope for a techno - fix– some sort of post - production sterilization that will ( ostensibly ) clean up the pathogen messes that start in the feedlot .
I ’d wager we ’ll soon be hearing about irradiation as a “ solution ” to tainted burger ; or perhaps a vaccine .
Such fixes perpetuate the problems they seek to “ solve ” –and generate new problems that will also need techno - fixes .
It should remembered that “ pink slime ” — the ammonia - treated slurry of defatted slaughterhouse scraps that now ends up as a filler in 70 percent of U.S. hamburgers — itself started as a techno - fix to the pathogen problem .
It was supposed to be so full of ammonia that it would sterilize hamburger mixes at 15 percent concentrations .
We now know that far from sterilizing ground - beef mixes , pink slime often adds to the pathogen load in the hamburgers it graces .
The poultry industry already uses post - slaughter sterilization to reduce pathogens .
Did you know that the U.S. poultry industry subjects the chicken it sells to a chlorine bath ?
And that Russia has banned imports of U.S. poultry because it disapproves of the process ?
Russia has also “ banned pork from all but six U.S. processing plants for excessive antibiotic residues , ” Reuters reports .
Whether the chlorine bath leaves traces on the treated chicken and harms consumers is an open question .
One thing seems clear : it does n’t prevent chicken on the market from containing pathogens .
From the CDC Website : “ In 2005 , Campylobacter was present on 47 percent of raw chicken breasts tested through the FDA - NARMS Retail Food program . ”
Despite the recent unpleasantness , the industrial - meat giants look set for a mighty stock market rebound in 2010 , reports CBS MarketWatch .
In fact , their shares have already been rallying over the past three months : Tyson Foods shares are up 12 percent , while pork producer Smithfield Food Inc. is up 19 percent .
Chicken supplier Sanderson Farms Inc. is 21 percent higher in the same three - month period .
Speaking of industrial - scale slaughterhouses , Missouri is now in the business of subsidizing them .
ConAgra Foods will receive state tax credits to help create new jobs and investment at the company ’s meat and poultry processing plant in Trenton , Mo. The Missouri Department of Economic Development ( MDED ) said in a news release that it has approved $ 247,285 in tax credits over a five - year period to add 10 new jobs and $ 9 million in new investment to expand the Trenton facility .
I ’d bet that investing that same $ 247,285 in slaughterhouses designed for small , pasture - based farmers would create more jobs , and more economic activity , than handing it to ConAgra .
previous entry | main | next entry
Where were you when wood became a felony ?
There are few things I hate more than being a scold .
Especially because of all of my condemnation of scolds and scolding , having to be a libertarian scold makes me feel like a hypocrite , and little better than the scolds I criticize .
I do n't like people who criticize the moral failings of others , especially when the others consist of ordinary citizens simply trying to live their lives in peace .
The problem is , last night I learned about something awful that happened while millions of ordinary citizens who simply tried to live their lives did nothing to stop it .
Someone has to be responsible , but who ?
I honestly do n't know .
Not only do I hate to be a scold , I do n't know who to scold for this damnable atrocity that befell this country in May and June of 2008 ( while I and most bloggers were busy writing post about the impending election ) .
I refer to the 2008 Farm Bill ( also known as the Food , Conservation , and Energy Act of 2008 , aka Public Law 110 - 246 ) .
To call it a law would be dishonest in the extreme .
To attempt to summarize it would be impossible because of its vastness , so this post will focus on just one minor detail in the bill -- the federalization and criminalization of wood .
Not that anyone could have known .
The scanty news reports at the time focused on President Bush 's veto of what was described in vague terms as a bipartisan " Farm Bill , " and of course because Bush was such a tired and evil man , the only interesting aspect of the bill was the bipartisan override of his tired and evil veto :
But to put Title III into effect , Congress re-passed the entire legislation , including the missing pages , and resent it to Bush .
The House voted 306- 110 at the end of May .
The Senate voted 77 - 15 for the bill at the beginning of June .
Two - thirds of the $ 300 billion in spending for the farm bill will go for nutrition programs such as food stamps .
Another $ 40 billion will go toward farm subsidies , and $ 30 billion is allocated for payments to farms to keep land idle and other environmental programs .
After vetoing the latest version of the farm bill , Bush scolded Congress on Wednesday for not " modifying certain objectionable , onerous and fiscally imprudent provisions .
... I am returning this bill for the same reasons as stated in my veto message . "
When he vetoed the first version of the farm bill , Bush said it " continues subsidies for the wealthy and increases farm bill spending by more than $ 20 billion , while using budget gimmicks to hide much of the increase . "
The president said it would hurt efforts to improve American farmers ' access to overseas markets .
Other than Bush looking like a mean - spirited piker who wanted to starve the nation 's children , there 's nothing there that would give anyone a clue about what was in it .
Had I the slightest idea what was in store , I 'd have been hopping up and down , and screaming like a Banshee , instead of playing the present game of " how could this have happened ? "
Other than Bush looking like a mean - spirited piker who wanted to starve the nation 's children , there 's nothing there that would give anyone a clue about what was in it .
Had I the slightest idea what was in store , I 'd have been hopping up and down , and screaming like a Banshee , instead of playing the present game of " how could this have happened ? "
FWIW , that arch - liberal RINO who 's every conservative 's favorite demon right now ( John McCain ) voted against it .
And in what right now I see as a laughable understatement , the White House said it was " bloated . "
So what was going on when this 663 page monstrosity ( which I cannot read for the life of me , even though I probably should ) was being pushed through ?
Why did n't any of the provisions ( to say nothing of Bush 's exercise of his seldom - used veto powers ) merit attention in the press ?
It 's easy to say that they were trying to sneak this through , but the fact is , the political junkies ( as well as libertarians like me ) were pretty much preoccupied with the impending election .
Bush was tired , worn - out , unpopular , passe , and many Republicans were acting as if he was an embarrassment .
I do n't know what all is in that bill , but last night when I was researching something else I stumbled upon just one teensy provision of the bill -- an amendment to the Lacey Act which received no media attention at all , and is n't receiving any now .
This amendment deals with illegal plants -- the primary thrust being illegal wood .
Henceforth , all wood is to be a federally regulated , suspect substance .
Either raw wood , lumber , or anything made of wood , from tables and chairs , to flooring , siding , particle board , to handles on knives , baskets , chopsticks , or even toothpicks has to have a label naming the genus and species of the tree that it came from and the country of origin .
Incorrect labeling becomes a federal felony , and the law does not just apply to wood newly entering the country , but any wood that is in interstate commerce within the country .
Here are some excerpts from a summary : The Lacey Act now makes it unlawful to import , export , transport , sell , receive , acquire , or purchase in interstate or foreign commerce any plant , with some limited exceptions , taken in violation of the laws of a U.S. State , or any foreign law that protects plants .
The Lacey Act also makes it unlawful to make or submit any false record , account or label for , or any false identification of , any plant .
The definition of the term " plant " includes " any wild member of the plant kingdom , including roots , seeds , parts , and products thereof , and including trees from either natural or planted forest stands . " [...]
Anyone who imports into the United States , or exports out of the United States , illegally harvested plants or products made from illegally harvested plants , including timber , as well as anyone who exports , transports , sells , receives , acquires or purchases such products in the United States , may be prosecuted .
In any prosecution under the Lacey Act , the burden of proof of a violation rests on the government . [...]
Violations of Lacey
Act provisions for timber and other plant products , as well as fish and wildlife , may be prosecuted through either civil or criminal enforcement actions .
Regardless of any prosecution , the tainted plants may be seized and forfeited .
Everyone means everyone , which includes every reader of this blog .
Everyone means everyone , which includes every reader of this blog .
Obviously , this means that in the future , the Fish and Game guys will be able to accompany SWAT Team raiders to check all wood in homes and businesses for possible violations .
Even if they 're wrong in their suspicions about the wood , it can still be confiscated .
( Might that be a goal ?
To beef up employment at Fish and Game ? )
Just think about the law enforcement possibilities alone .
After kicking through and impounding your illegal wooden door , a federalized army of government termites could literally strip all wood paneling and flooring from every raided house as suspicious contraband , and haul away all the furniture , wood carvings , picture frames , tools , musical instruments !
I can't think of a better harassment tool .
The list of potentially regulated items is mind - boggling : the scope of products that will require a declaration under the Lacey Act is broad and includes certain live plants , plant parts , lumber , wood pulp , paper and paperboard , and products containing certain plant material or products , which may include certain furniture , tools , umbrellas , sporting goods , printed matter , musical instruments , products manufactured from plant - based
resins , and textiles . [...]
After September 30 , 2009 , based on experience with the implementation of the electronic system for declaration data collection , we will phase in enforcement of the declaration requirements for additional chapters containing plants and plant
products covered by the Lacey Act , including ( but not limited to ) Ch. 12 ( oil seeds , misc .
grain , seed , fruit , plant , etc. ) , Ch. 13 ( gums , lacs , resins , vegetable saps , extracts , etc. ) , Ch. 14 ( vegetable plaiting materials and products not elsewhere specified or included ) , Ch. 45 ( cork and articles of ) , Ch. 46 ( basket ware and wickerwork ) , Ch. 66 ( umbrellas , walking sticks , riding crops ) , Ch. 82 ( tools ) , Ch. 93 ( guns ) , Ch. 95 ( toys , games and sporting equipment ) , Ch. 96 ( brooms , pencils , and buttons ) , and Ch. 97 ( works of art ) .
We will announce a specific phase - in schedule for those chapters in a subsequent Federal Register notice .
Did they mention
Did they mention shipping pallets and cargo braces ?
Wood is not only in stuff , it 's in the stuff that the stuff comes in !
Nearly everything is regulated .
Oh , and you firearm owners out there , let 's not forget gun handles !
Ch. 93 Headings ( arms and ammunition ) .
9302 -- Revolvers and pistols .
93051020 -- Parts and accessories for revolvers
and pistols .
Ch. 94 Headings ( furniture , etc. ) .
940169 -- Seats with wood frames .
Ch. 95 Headings ( toys , games , & sporting
equipment ) .
950420 -- Articles and accessories for billiards .
Ch. 97 Headings ( works of art ) .
9703 -- Sculptures .
Glad I do n't own an art gallery , but my picture frames are not labeled , which means there are probably multiple potential felonies in progress in my home .
( Perhaps I should be more careful about what I say . )
Glad I do n't own an art gallery , but my picture frames are not labeled , which means there are probably multiple potential felonies in progress in my home .
( Perhaps I should be more careful about what I say . )
And while the NRA might not have noticed the impending crackdown on gun handles , at least IKEA is starting to speak up .
Between Wood Control and the Consumer Product Safety Nazis , I pity anyone in the secondhand business , including all Ebay and Craigslist sellers as well as people holding garage or yard sales .
In short , I pity the American people .
This is not their fault , though , for no one has any control over what is going on .
Not even the despicable fools we call " legislators " who cannot read the " laws " they pass because they are not meant to be read .
As to the enforcers , they are only doing their job .
They have to earn a living .
And we are supposed to respect them , because they lay their lives on the line , " protecting " the public !
From felonious wood !
Obviously , the full implications of this dramatic loss of freedom are beyond the capacity of a single post .
After all , I am just one blogger , doing this by myself , without the kind of access to data that media organizations and think tanks might have .
So , I can not possibly hope to analyze everything .
As things stand , I became exhausted last night just reading through the Lacey Act Amendment stuff pertaining to wood -- and that was one mere fraction of an execrable , unreadable monstrosity .
I do n't mean to whine , but slogging through such horrors is not exactly my idea of Saturday night fun .
But who the hell else is going to do it ?
Flooring and furniture industry blogs ?
Who the hell reads them except people in the business ?
They 're all greedy tree haters and have no credibility .
Besides , all big business is the enemy right now .
We need to stand up not only against Big Cereal , but now Big Flooring !
Big Siding !
Big Furniture !
( Is there such an industry as Big Chopstick ? )
I realize I 'm in full - blown libertarian scold mode , and it probably reflects impotent rage over the fact that this is too little too late .
But that goes to my biggest complaint ( aside from my discovery of yet another horrific legislative power grab ) , which simply is this :
How come we were not told about this ?
Where were the news media and think tanks when we needed them ?
It 's too late now .
Vast power grabs like this are almost never repealed , and certainly wo n't be in this Congress .
The fact that I was so upset after reading this late last night that I could barely sleep means nothing .
And why should it ?
Our freedom means nothing .
The full realization of that can be very unsettling , and the knowledge that there 's so little that can be done about it -- that this is the way laws are passed and freedom lost -- it 's just hard to live with that , and normal people really need denial in order to cope .
The way I try to cope is by resorting to my usual sarcastic asides , knowing that this too , is just another blog post .
It will be visible , but only for a few days , as it becomes slowly , inexorably buried under layer after layer of more and more blog posts .
And if I hate the constant , relentless loss of freedom , all I can do is continue to write sarcastic blog posts , for even though I realize that none of this is funny , I really do n't know what else I can do , other than maybe show up at a Tea Party demonstration and earn the entitlement to be called a racist bigot by the people who are busily cranking out unreadable " laws " like Food , Conservation , and Energy Act of 2008 ( Public Law 110 - 246 ) , which reduces us further to serfdom than any law I can remember reading attempting to read .
And I do mean serfdom .
For those old fashioned cranks who like to imagine that a man 's home is still his castle , I heartily recommend that they try doing what I tried doing last night when they were having fun at the movies , and try reading this !
This bill is very large , and loading it may cause your web browser to perform sluggishly , or even freeze .
This is especially true for old and / or bad browsers .
As an alternative you can download the PDF of the bill or read the text on THOMAS .
They are not kidding .
Trying to load the bill shut down my browser for a while and nearly caused a crash .
They are not kidding .
Trying to load the bill shut down my browser for a while and nearly caused a crash .
Bringing up the alleged " text " of the " law " in turn brought up only a gigantic list of links , each of which goes to another gigantic piece of garbled and unreadable text .
Yes , the Government Printing Office does have a PDF file , for those who want to contemplate unreadable gobbledygook in its entirety .
I think it is no accident that they make the loss of freedom as boring as it is possible to make it .
They think this will make most people go away , and they are right .
Only a maniac ( or someone with a special interest ) would actually spend his time reading this bill .
There is probably not one member of Congress who read it , but then , they say that about all the monstrous bills cranked out by this monstrous government which every last one of our founders would decry as precisely what they were trying to avoid when they wrote the Constitution .
Yes , I truly believe that if they were alive today , our founders would say we ought to have another revolution .
But it 's inflammatory and irresponsible to talk that way , and the problem is , I do n't advocate a revolution , because I do n't want to see a whole lot of people getting killed , which is what tends to happen in revolutions .
The fact is , the votes are not there to get rid of the tyrannical system which calls itself the federal government , and to deny this is , well , denial .
Besides , how can you overthrow a system which has metastasized into a grotesque life form so slippery , multi-tentacled , and all - encompassing that its very morphology evades detection and analysis ?
Really , the federal government is like a science fiction monster .
No one can keep track of things which are not reported or discussed , and which are too complex to be read by human beings .
Hell , despite my outrage right now , I was completely silent when this monster was being passed .
What was I doing ?
Mostly blogging about the impending election .
( And of course , the usual things like pit bulls , porn , and responsibility . )
But I thought stopping Obama was the most important national issue at the time .
Besides , what the hell do I know about farming ?
That 's what I thought the bill was about .
No one said anything about federal wood control .
And get this : Despite my ruined Saturday evening reading about wood control , I still have n't the faintest idea what else might be in there !
Looking back , I 'm thinking that had people known what was happening , had enough bloggers sounded the alarm , it might just have made enough of a difference to persuade a few Republicans not to go along with the override of Bush 's veto .
As things stand , former President Bush is the only guy who comes out looking good , and not only does he deserve to be thanked , I think that every Republican who voted to override owes him an apology .
But this Farm Bill was such a monster with so many provisions that it defies ordinary analysis .
People could have voted for it or against it for innumerable reasons , liberal or conservative .
Here 's how the vote looked :
Having that many provisions in a bill means that only some provisions attract attention , so voting against wood control could be construed as voting to take food away from infants .
Anyway , I 'm exhausted .
I have finally succumbed to Orwellian overload , and my scold is over .
Once again , please bear in mind that I specifically do not advocate revolution .
But would n't it be nice if we could vote for legislators who would simply pledge to vote against any and all legislation ?
Who knows , it might be a nice campaign gimmick .
UPDATE ( 11/19/09 ) :
My thanks to Glenn Reynolds for linking this post , and a warm welcome to all .
Comments to this post have now been turned off automatically ( and I do n't think there is a way to turn them back on ) , but anyone who wants to say something , please feel free to leave a comment on any of the more recent posts .
This one ( on whether lost freedom can ever be regained ) is probably as good a place as any .
Thanks for coming !
MORE : Via Glenn Reynolds , I see that the Gibson Guitar plant was raided by the federal wood police recently , so they 're not wasting any time .
posted by Eric on 10.18.09 at 11:21 AM
Comments
( Natural News )
For the first time , a long - term health study has demonstrated that the Mediterranean diet may help diabetes patients control their blood sugar without the use of medication .
"
A Mediterranean - style diet is a very important part in the treatment of diabetes , " said endocrinologist Loren Greene of New York University Medical Center , who was not involved in the study .
" We knew that , but there just has n't been a good study to confirm this before .
"
In a study published in the , researchers assigned 215 overweight , adult residents of Naples , Italy , to adhere to one of two diets .
Participants in one group were assigned to follow a Mediterranean diet -- eating large quantities of fruits , vegetables , whole grains and certain healthy fats such as olive oil ; favoring lean protein sources such as nuts , poultry and fish ; and gaining no more than half their daily calories from carbohydrates .
Participants in the other group were assigned to follow a low - fat diet similar to that recommended by the American Heart Association -- with no more than 30 percent of its daily calories from fat and 10 percent from saturated fat ; low in sweets and high - fat snacks ; and high in fruits , vegetables and whole grains .
All participants were instructed to limit their caloric intake to 1,800 calories per day for men and 1,500 per day for women .
They were given regular nutrition counseling and urged to exercise regularly .
After four years , 56 percent of the participants in the Mediterranean diet group were able to manage their diabetes without drugs , compared with only 30 percent of those in the low - fat group .
Participants eating a Mediterranean diet also maintained more weight loss and more improvement in levels of HDL ( " bad " ) cholesterol and triglycerides .
Greene noted that as most patients dislike taking medication , the new study might provide an incentive for more diabetics to watch their diets .
"
If you are told , ' If you do n't want to go on medicine , stick to this diet , ' then that 's a pretty valuable tool at least for patient compliance , " she said .
Sources for this story include : www.time.com
12.19 pm : JP Morgan has kicked off perhaps the most controversial bank reporting season in Wall Street history with a strong set of annual results and the line that many outside the industry are watching like a hawk is buried right at the back of the release : pay and bonuses to its investment bank staff jumped 21 % in 2009 to $ 9.3bn .
The bank made total profits of $ 11.7bn , after fourth quarter net income came in at $ 3.3bn , but it 's still not good enough for boss Jamie Dimon who says :
Though these results showed improvement , we acknowledge that they fell short of both an adequate return on capital and the firm 's earnings potential .
I 'll be having a look at how it compares with what analysts were expecting and look at where all that money is coming from .
The conference call is at 9 am New York time , or 2 pm here in London .
12.31 pm : It looks like even Jamie Dimon has n't been immune to the controversy swirling around the thorny question of bank bonuses though .
My banking colleague Jill Treanor points out the rate that at which the investment bank added to its bonus pool slowed dramaticallty in the last three months of the year .
In the technical jargon , compensation accrued in fourth quarter was $ 549 m compared to around $ 3bn in each of the previous quarters of 2009 .
Now , the end of the year is traditional a less profitable time for these banks , but the investment bank still made nearly $ 5bn in revenues during this time .
Perhaps the message is ( beginning ) to get through ?
12.45 pm : The fourth quarter pay jump is much smaller than analysts were expecting , although others will no doubt argue it is still far too high overall .
As we wrote this morning analysts were expecting $ 3bn in Q4 , taking Wall Street as a whole to around $ 65 bn in 2009 .
It will be fascinating to see whether Goldman Sachs and others are forced to start reining in their bonuses in a similar manner .
Citigroup is already reported to be looking at announcing a cap on cash bonuses .
1.05 pm : In its slide presentation , the bank says that the slowdown in pay growth for its 25,000 - odd investment bankers was due to " lower performance - related compensation " .
The percentage of revenue handed out in pay and bonuses fell to just 11 % in the fourth quarter - low by traditional Wall Street standards .
It did n't stop the bank as a whole paying out a total of $ 26.9 bn in pay and bonuses over the year though .
1.16 pm : Let 's see what others are saying .
The Wall Street Journal is reporting the " surge " in profit to $ 3.3bn , but points out that JP Morgan shares slipped in pre-market trading due to the cautious comments from Jamie Dimon I mentioned earlier .
Fourth - quarter profit remained solidly tied to its business with Wall Street , while its business with Main Street continued to struggle with delinquent loans .
The $ 2 trillion - asset bank 's fourth - quarter earnings quadrupled as the banking giant closed out a year in which it made it through the financial crisis more strongly than its rivals .
Though its $ 3.3 billion profit fell 9 % from the third quarter , J.P. Morgan beat analyst expectations with a clean quarter almost free of one - time items .
Reuters thinks the market is also worried about bad loans :
JPMorgan Chase &
Co reported better - than - expected fourth - quarter profit on Friday , but losses on mortgages and commercial loans continued to rise and its shares fell nearly 2 percent in premarket trading .
Analysts had been hoping that JPMorgan , seen as one of the best - managed U.S. banks , would show signs that its credit costs were leveling off or even starting to fall .
" I do n't think we can take away from these results that we are any further along in the ( economic ) recovery than we thought we were , " said David Dietze , chief investment officer at Point View Financial Services .
1.45 pm : It is easy to obsess about pay , but it is a symptom not a cause .
The real question is why investment banking has become so profitable again so quickly ?
Goldman
Sachs gave some clues at the third quarter when it showed how profitable fixed income trading had become now that many competitors had fallen by the wayside .
Interestingly , JP Morgan suggests today that these profit margins may be coming down again as competition returns a bit :
Fixed Income Markets revenue of $ 2.7B down from record results in 3Q09 , reflecting lower overall volumes and tighter spreads across products
Instead , providing takeover advice to companies seems to have returned as the big driver of profits towards the end of the year .
Investment banking fees are up 38 % and JP Morgan is delighted to boast how it has overtaken Goldman Sachs in the deal - making league tables .
Interesting though how little pricing pressure there still is here : only this week a big British company in the middle of a deal was moaning to me about how they were still being charged through the nose for advice - " cartel " was the word he used .
1.59 pm : Some interesting reaction coming in now - from opposite ends of the spectrum .
British union leader Brendan Barber has this to say about the news that JP Morgan Chase is to pay out $ 26.9 billion in pay , bonuses and benefits for last year :
These obscene bonuses paid so soon after the world 's taxpayers had to rescue the banking system show that there is something fundamentally wrong in the relationship between banking and the rest of the economy .
Banks are meant to support society , but instead taxpayers ' support guarantees that whatever happens to the economy banks will continue to pay gigantic bonuses .
The best way to reintegrate banks into society is to make sure they pay a proper contribution through a transaction tax – a solution rapidly gaining support both here and abroad .
Bank analysts at rival Wall Street firm , Morgan Stanley , are more upbeat ( unsurprisingly perhaps ) pointing out there is better news than expected on bad debts in the economy ( sorry for jargon ) :
JPM reported 4Q09 earnings per share of $ 0.74 , better than our estimate of $ 0.54 and consensus of $ 0.60 .
Non-performing loans and credit came in better than expected .
We think this is the driver for the stock .
Pre -tax operating income beat us by 8 cents .
Some argue FICC [ fixed income ] miss , but one - timers not yet disclosed .
We expect details on the conference call .
JPM managed down expenses such that PPOP in the investment bank was in line with expectations .
Better than expected quarter for JPM with operating earnings per share of $ 0.74 , 20 cents better than our estimate of $ 0.54 .
Beat driven primarily by lower credit , mainly in the investment bank and Card , and a lower tax rate .
On a consolidated basis , non-performing loans declined 1 % quarter on quarter .
2.14 pm : The analyst conference call has started now and the finance director has just revealed something interesting about all the political attempts to bring the bankers to account .
He says the JP Morgan compensation total was reduced by a need to " offset British tax on bonuses " .
The looks like it could be the first confirmation that Wall Street has decided to absorb the tax centrally rather than penalise its London operation .
This would be a blow to those like Boris Johnson who argue that London will lose out .
It also puts all those headlines this morning about how UK banks would be hit by President Obama 's new levy into proper context .
Politicians moving in lockstep make it much harder for bankers to play one country off against another .
PS .
The Telegraph is now reporting that Britain 's bonus tax will raise about £ 300 m from JP Morgan - although I 'm not sure how it has worked it out since there is no geographic breakdown of the compensation pool as far as I can see .
Looks like a back of the envelope guess - interesting though .
2.32 pm : The conference call has also just confirmed that JP Morgan is paying more of its bonuses out in shares rather than cash to comply with all the new regulations .
They seem a bit irritated by this , to judge from the tone of voice .
No sign of an outright cap on cash bonuses though - which we 've seen from Goldman and is rumoured at Citigroup .
2.32 pm : They 're complaining now that President Obama 's new levy on banks will have " peculiar effects " .
We do n't really know what it will all mean though
2.44 pm : Jamie Dimon is getting quizzed more about Obama 's levy and how banks should be made to pay for the protection they receive from governments .
He has an interesting response :
We do n't believe we are too big to fail
2.47 pm : More reaction from beyond the world of finance .
Oxfam argues that the surging profits at JP Morgan increase the argument for a transactions tax .
Max Lawson , the charity 's senior policy adviser , says :
Millions of people have been hurt by the economic crisis caused by bankers ' folly .
Banks have all benefited from taxpayer bailouts of the financial sector - they should repay their debt to society rather than reinstating massive bonuses .
' A tax on banks ' financial transactions could repair much of the damage caused by their actions , raising billions for good causes at home and abroad .
There is increasing political momentum in favour of taxing banks to help people at home and abroad hit by the economic crisis , with leaders in the UK , US , France and Germany as speaking in favour during recent months .
Oxfam is calling on the UK and other countries to go beyond a one - off tax on banks or bonuses and create a permanent levy on banks to fund public services in the UK and reduce poverty in poor countries .
An average global levy of just 0.05 % on share , currency and derivative transactions could raise up to $ 700 bn annually .
2.57 pm : JP Morgan finance director confirms that the UK bonus tax will cost the bank " several hundred million dollars " but it wo n't know the exact impact on profits until the legislation is drawn up .
He confirms that it has shrunk the overall bank 's bonus pool ( although presumably it may still be spread unequally between regions ) .
My colleague Jill Treanor suggests this means perhaps Darling had an impact after all .
The conference call is continuing now and Jill is going to interrogate the numbers more carefully .
I 'll keep this open for now and return in a bit if we find anything interesting .
January 16 , 2010 News Corp. ( h/t CSPANjunkie )
Rep .
Peter King must be on a quart of scotch and some blow because only a drunk who 's hopped up on cocaine with the shades drawn and is afraid to answer his phone would worry about radical extremists in our frakking milaitary .
Yes , the military missed this one and Ft. Hood was a tragedy , but there are disturbed people living and working all over the place .
Is King worried about radical Islamic extremists at VA Tech ?
Maybe we better keep an eye on the post office .
If I was in the military and heard this jackass try to smear the entire military as possible traitors I 'd be pretty upset .
This is the same crap that conservative4s used during the cold war .
Everybody is a soviet spy and communist sympathiser .
Oh , and do n't drink the water because the Ruskies spiked it with fluoride .
Remember , it 's all about bodily fluids .
Dr. Strange Love :
God willing , we will prevail in peace and freedom from fear and in true health through the purity and essence of our natural fluids .
God bless you all . "
--
Ripper :
And as human beings , you and I need fresh , pure water to replenish our precious bodily fluids .
Mandrake :
Yes . chuckles nervously
Ripper :
You beginning to understand ?
Mandrake :
Yes . chuckles .
begins laughing / crying quietly
Ripper :
Mandrake .
Mandrake , have you never wondered why I drink only distilled water , or rain water , and only pure grain alcohol ?
Mandrake :
Well it did occur to me , Jack , yes .
Ripper :
Have you ever heard of a thing called fluoridation ?
Fluoridation of water ?
Mandrake :
Ah , yes , I have heard of that , Jack .
Yes .
Ripper :
Well do you now what it is ?
Mandrake :
No .
No , I do n't know what it is .
No .
Ripper :
Do you realize that fluoridation is the most monstrously conceived and dangerous communist plot we have ever had to face ?
Window in the office is shot through by automatic weapons fire
Ripper :
Nineteen hundred and forty six .
Nineteen fortysix , Mandrake .
How does that coincide with your postwar commie conspiracy , huh ?
It 's incredibly obvious , is n't it ?
A foreign substance is introduced into our precious bodily fluids without the knowledge of the individual , and certainly without any choice .
That 's the way your hard core commie works .
Mandrake :
Jack ...
Jack , listen , tell me , ah ... when did you first become , well , develop this theory .
Ripper :
Well , I ah , I I first became aware of it , Mandrake , during the physical act of love .
Mandrake :
sighs fearfully
Ripper :
Yes a profound sense of fatigue , a feeling of emptiness followed .
Luckily I was able to interpret these feelings correctly : loss of essence .
Mandrake :
Yes ...
RiRipper :
I can assure you it has not recurred , Mandrake .
Women ... women sense my power , and they seek the life essence .
I do not avoid women , Mandrake , but I do deny them my essence .
u Torrent – the client of choice for most western BitTorrent users – has added the option to stream video files while downloading .
With this new functionality , BitTorrent Inc. hopes to provide the ' point - click - watch ' experience people have grown used to from their usage of streaming sites such as YouTube .
BitTorrent was first released by Bram Cohen back in 2001 , long before streaming video sites such as YouTube existed .
At the time , those who wanted to watch high quality video on their computers sometimes had to wait for hours or days until a download finished .
Now , at the end of the decade where BitTorrent has become a synonym for file - sharing , hundreds of millions of people have high speed broadband connections at their homes .
Downloading a popular movie or TV - series often takes less than an hour nowadays , but for the demanding web users of today this delay can still prove quite annoying .
Spoiled by the many streaming video sites that have surged in popularity since YouTube ’s launch in 2005 , many people simply want to start watching instantly .
To satiate this demand the popular BitTorrent client uTorrent has now added streaming support to the latest uTorrent beta release , which allows users to play video files while they are downloading .
“ Our hope is to transform getting media using uTorrent from a ‘ load - wait - watch - tomorrow ’ to more of a ‘ point - click - watch ’ experience , ” Simon Morris , BitTorrent ’s VP of Product Management said in a comment .
u Torrent ’s new streaming option
Although several other BitTorrent clients have already implemented similar streaming capabilities , uTorrent will finally make BitTorrent streaming possible for the majority of BitTorrent users .
In our tests the new feature worked flawlessly on well - seeded torrents .
Users simply have to click on the play button next to the download , and after a few seconds or minutes it will turn green , ready to be streamed .
By default the latest uTorrent release is configured to use the DivX web player to stream video .
This works well for most files but for us it caused problems with some video formats .
Changing it to VLC or any other media player is relatively easy though , by nominating a different streaming player in uTorrent ’s preferences .
Aside from streaming regular downloads , uTorrent ’s parent company BitTorrent Inc. is also working on BitTorrent - powered live streams .
BitTorrent inventor Bram Cohen himself aims to develop a piece of code that is superior to all the other P2P - based streaming solutions on the market today .
“ I think there ’s a very large market for live [ streaming ] in general , and to date no - one has proven that a p2 p solution can meet the real - world requirements for being an acceptable live solution .
I intend on changing that , ” Bram told Torrent Freak earlier this year .
For now , uTorrent users will have to settle for on - demand streaming .
Those who do not intend to use the feature can be assured that the streaming implementation used by uTorrent is designed on the principles of tit - for tat sharing , meaning that it does not slow down regular downloads .
Advertisements
Future 2012 GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney was on NBC’s Meet The Press today , where he blamed the excesses of government for the budget deficit , and overpaid government workers .
Specifically , Romney said , “ Average government workers , are now making $ 30,000 a year more than the average private sector worker . ”
Here is the video :
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Advertisements
Romney said , “ We can compete around the world , there ’s no question about that , David .
We have the capacity to do that .
The American workers are the best in the world , our technology is at the leading edge .
America , long term , can be the , the powerful economic engine it ’s always been .
But the real threat right here is something that Alan Greenspan just said , and that is that if we do n’t take action to rein in the scale of government and the growth of government spending and the compensation levels of government workers –you saw government workers , average government workers , are now making $ 30,000 a year more than the average private sector worker . ”
He continued , “ These kinds of excesses and the massive deficits that , that , that government is putting in place , over a trillion dollars a year for these coming several years , this threatens our long - term viability , because it , it , it suggests that we could have runaway inflation .
And , and the Fed and the federal government are going to have to rein in , pull back from what have been the excesses of these past years , Republican and Democrat .
It ’s not a partisan issue , it ’s a growth of government issue .
And it ’s got to stop , or America ’s future could be very much in jeopardy . ”
It is clear that attacking Washington is going to be the centerpiece of Romney ’s 2012 campaign .
The problem for him is that every non-incumbent candidate attacks Washington with the same generic language .
When he brought up government workers , he was trying to play into the stereotype that public sector workers are overpaid and lazy .
Romney ’s suggestion that public sector employees ’ salaries have something to do with the budget deficit is absurd .
If government workers are overpaid that why ca n’t governments at all levels attract and keep top talent ?
In almost all specialized fields the public sector acts as a training program for the private sector .
The reality is that discretionary spending , which is the part of the budget that the government can cut , makes up only one third of the total budget .
The other two thirds are mandatory spending .
Employee salaries make up a very small portion of government spending .
Romney knows this , but he keeps uttering this kind of gibberish , in the hope that Republicans will make him their 2012 nominee .
After 17 of some of the most exciting weeks in NFL regular season history , the playoffs have officially arrived .
The 2009 - 10 NFL Wild Card weekend looks more like an NFL Network Replay marathon of the Week 17 regular season schedule .
This weekend will feature all season rematches , three of which are rematches from a week ago .
Before jumping into each game there is something that I wanted to point out about all of the games this weekend .
Obviously with three immediate rematches , we have three teams that lost last week , four in all if you through the Pats in .
Fans and teams can make excuses for their teams and in some games where starters sat , some of those excuses could be legitimate .
Regardless of the reason , no team that made it to the final four in last season ’s playoffs lost its final regular season game .
That is great news for Packers , Jets , Ravens , and Cowboys fans .
Let ’s start out with the game that hits closest to my heart between the Dallas Cowboys and the Philadelphia Eagles .
After being declared the hottest team in the NFC , the Eagles reminded fans like me why we ca n’t trust them in certain situations .
Rivalry game , on the road , second seed on the line , and the Eagles decided to take their Bye Week early .
The Dallas Cowboys spanked the birds at home and locked up the NFC East , and a home game this weekend with last week ’s drubbing .
This is about the only situation that the Eagles do not want to be in on Wild Card weekend .
The Cowboys looked to have figured the Eagles out on both the offense and defense last week .
The Eagles are a lot like the Philadelphia Phillies .
The Eagles are a home - run or bust team .
If McNabb can connect on those long bombs to Jeremy Maclin or DeSean Jackson , he and the birds will cruise easily to a win .
Take those bombs away from McNabb and this team is in big trouble .
God forbid Andy Reid actually has to coach and game plan for one week right ?
While the Eagles did n’t get blown out earlier this season in their first meeting against the Cowboys , they were still shut down .
I think the biggest issue here facing the birds is the Cowboys 3 - 4 defense .
The defense takes away the screen , which the Eagles also love to play to death .
The pressure from speedy linebackers and DeMarcus Ware on McNabb does n’t allow him to sit back and wait for his receivers to get down field .
It is truly a nightmare scenario for the Eagles .
The only chance that the birds have at scoring points is to get a run game going early and open up the pass .
Otherwise , the Cowboys will tee off on McNabb all day and we will see a replay of last week .
Defensively , the birds have had problems all year .
While everyone remembers all of those points the birds put up against the New York Giants , Eagles fans do n’t like to talk about the points given up in the same game .
This team has serious issues at linebacker , specifically middle linebacker .
If the birds put in Omar Gaither , the Cowboys will run all over him .
If the birds put in Jeremiah Trotter , the Cowboys will pass to Jason Witten or Felix Jones all night long .
The Eagles need to put pressure on Tony Romo and with Trent Cole double teamed , I have no idea where that is going to come from .
The Eagles did a fairly good job of holding this offense down during their first meeting .
However , that was many weeks ago and the Cowboys just seem much hotter while the birds defense looks more confused than ever going into the post season .
Finally , I have to bring up some intangibles here .
There were several off - field incidents this week that hurt the Eagles badly .
One , Donovan McNabb and DeSean Jackson have had words over what McNabb said in the post game last week .
Two , Jackson has been tweeting some trash talk which is the same kind of stuff that worked against Freddie Mitchell when he talked trash on Rodney Harrison before the Super Bowl .
Finally and maybe the most egregious act of all , Eagles employee and media man Dave Spadaro has a video on You Tube of himself spitting on the Dallas star at the new stadium .
Not only should Spadaro be fired , as an Eagles fan I am irate beyond words that a little mole who does n’t even play the game may be the intangible that fires up the Cowboys to go a little extra this week in practice , and destroy the birds on Saturday .
Before I anoint the Cowboys , I do want to bring up a few things .
This is the Dallas Cowboys .
The Cowboys have looked unstoppable every year that they have made the playoffs with Tony Romo , and have choked in every game .
Between Romo ’s fumble against the Seahawks and the inept offense against the Giants , there is something about this team that ca n’t get over the playoff hump .
As a matter of a fact , the Cowboys have n’t won a playoff game since 1996 .
While the Eagles have choked in many NFC title games , their playoff record under Andy Reid is fantastic .
The Eagles under Reid have never lost a first - round playoff game .
Keeping all of this in mind , I am predicting a big upset in Big D and an Eagles ’ win Saturday night .
Sticking with the NFC , the sexy Super Bowl pick going into the season were the Green Bay Packers .
The Packers will travel to Arizona and play the Cardinals in the second NFC Wild Card game .
Like the Eagles , these are two teams that you never know what you will get from week to week .
As much praise as the Packers get from the media , they are also the same team that gave up over 500 passing yards to Ben Roethlisberger a few weeks ago .
The Arizona Cardinals have also been red hot , yet were demolished by the San Francisco 49ers just a few weeks ago on Monday Night Football .
Which team shows up is anyone ’s guess .
I think it is almost comical that when people talk about this game they immediately rave about the Packers defense , while ignoring the Cardinals defense .
This is almost an identical defense to the team that went to the Super Bowl last season .
Remember last season when the Carolina Panthers rushing attack looked unstoppable ?
Not only did the Cards stop them , they crushed them in the post season .
This season the team has very average stats , yet their rushing defense has been rather stellar throughout most of the season .
It is not inconceivable to think that the Cards will bottle up the Packers rushing attack and turn this into an air - show .
The Packers are one of those teams that just when you think they are the hottest team in the NFL , they give you a Pittsburgh or Tampa Bay performance .
Their passing attack is right up there with the best teams in the NFL , ranked number seven overall .
Greg Jennings came on late , but has been a beast to contend with as the season came to an end .
Jermichael Finley has been one of the most productive tight ends in the NFL since coming back from injury .
Donald Driver has found the fountain of youth and has been a game killer to the oppisition .
Aaron Rodgers always keeps this team in games even when it looks like the floor is falling out from under them like the Vikings game in Lambeau Field .
This team definitely has all of the tools to make a serious Super Bowl run .
Even strength , I think the Cardinals beat the Packers .
However , while the Packers are close to full strength , the Cards are not .
The key to their defense , Dominique Rodgers - Cromartie will either sit out or play at less than 100 % .
Losing one of the best corners in the NFL against a team throwing Donald Driver and Greg Jennings at you is a recipe for disaster .
On the offense , Anquan Boldin is hurt as usual and could miss the game .
I do n’t expect a team without two critical players like these guys to hang with such a dangerous team as the Packers .
The only chance that the Cardinals have here is to get pressure on Rodgers and secure some turnovers .
I do n’t know if they can do that with receivers who are wide open and I do n’t expect them too .
Oh yeah and then there is that Super Bowl loser jinx .
Not since the Buffalo Bills in 1994 has a losing team repeated in the Super Bowl .
That is not to say that the Cardinals ca n’t make it back to the title game , but the odds just are n’t in their favor .
Between that and the Madden Curse , I do n’t see them getting far .
The Cards are great at home which plays in their favor and these are two long trips back - to - back for the Packers .
However at the end of the day I think the Cards are too hurt at the wrong time to make this a game .
I am going with the Packers .
The New England Patriots host the Baltimore Ravens this weekend in the AFC Wild Card round .
This is the only rematch this weekend of a game that was n’t played last week .
These two teams met in a thriller earlier in the season which saw the Patriots squeak out a win against the Ravens .
When the story this week for the Patriots is about a guy named Edleman , you know you have problems .
The big storyline of the game is the loss of Wes Welker for the Patriots .
Welker was injured last week in a routine play and will miss the playoffs , and possibly the beginning of next season .
The loss of Welker makes the Patriots a very different team on offense .
With Welker , the Pats gave defensive coordinators nightmares .
Without him , the Ravens will concentrate on Randy Moss and pressure Tom Brady .
This is going to be a much tougher game for the Pats than their first meeting and if not for a Mark Clayton dropped pass in the end zone , they probably would have lost the game .
The Ravens always play the Patriots tough .
Even in their destructive 2007 season , the Ravens were seconds away from beating the Patriots .
Joe Flacco has been in the playoffs before so this is nothing new to him .
Flacco and the Ravens established one of the most dynamic running games in the NFL throughout the season .
Ray Rice has turned into the new Brian Westbrook / Marshall Faulk dual receiving / running threat .
Willis McGahee turned it on at the end of the season and the two became arguably the best one - two running punch in the NFL .
The Ravens are not a team to take lightly at all .
Everyone always says never to bet against Bill Belichick in the playoffs .
They are right .
He is 15 - 4 in the postseason with a .789 winning percentage .
He missed the playoffs for the first time in years last season , so you know he is hungry for a big run here .
If there is any Wild Card team that I would put money on , it would be the Patriots .
I know that Welker is done , but the Eagles lost Terrell Owens in 2004 and made a successful playoff run without him .
As much as I admire what the Ravens defense has done this year , there are a lot of older guys that are n’t as fast and give up big plays in the secondary .
I look for Brady to exploit that with or without Welker and advance to the second round with a win .
Finally , the least appealing game to me takes place first as the Cincinnati Bengals host the New York Jets in a rematch of last Sunday ’s marquee game .
The Jets spanked the Bengals hard on offense and defense last week .
In back - to - back weeks , the Jets beat the Indianapolis Colts and the Cincinnati Bengals .
Favorable situations or not , that is quite impressive .
However before New York fans are ready to crown the Jets , they are forgetting about one incredibly key factor to last week ’s game .
The Bengals played without Cedric Benson and Benson is back and with a week of rest this weekend .
I think the storyline that amazed me most this week was the idea that the Bengals are falling apart .
Yes , it is definitely not a good thing to be sliced and diced like they were by a team you have to play the following week .
Carson Palmer and the Bengals offense were stopped on all facets of the game by Rex Ryan and the Jets .
However , I find it amazing that the same people ready to call it a night for the Bengals barely mention the loss of Benson .
This would have been like the Jets playing without Thomas Jones against a full Bengals squad .
The Bengals are a running team and set the pass up with the run .
I do n’t take a thing away from last week ’s game knowing that Benson was on the bench .
I have always liked the Jets and I like Rex Ryan .
Yet I think the Jets are the biggest frauds entering the playoffs .
The Jets were handed gifts with the Colts pulling their starters two weeks ago and Benson sitting last week .
I know Darrelle Revis shut down Ochocinco , but Ocho was the only thing that the Jets had to worry about .
Thomas Jones was a beast , but it will be much different for the Jets who wo n’t be getting the ball in the great positions they found themselves in last Sunday night .
I may be dead wrong , but I think the Jets are in way over their heads this weekend .
I look for a big rebound by the Bengals .
I do believe that a great running game and a great defense win championships .
The Bengals have both .
I am very curious to see how Mark Sanchez handles his first turnover , as I do expect a few .
I think this game will be a lower scoring affair ( ca n’t score any less if you are the Bengals ) .
There is always at least one blowout game on Wild Card weekend .
I think it is this one .
I look for a big day out of Cedric Benson , some Sanchez turnovers , and a very exciting game next weekend when the Bengals travel to Indy to play the Colts .
CamelClutchBlog.com Fantasy Football Playoff Championship
Congrats to Jeff Porrini and Team Nice Guys who beat Eric Gargiulo and DustysRedBellySpot in the championship .
NFL Wild Card Picks !
I had my worst week of the season going 7 - 9 with my picks .
Keep in mind you had a lot of strange things going on like Cedric Benson , Philip Rivers , and Kurt Warner sitting .
Overall I was 162- 96 on the season which I think is a very respectable record .
Now for the NFL Wild Card Picks ( Picks in BOLD ) –
New York at Cincinnati
Philadelphia at Dallas
Green Bay at Arizona
Baltimore at New England
Get your NFL jerseys discounted now on Amazon.com by clicking here
Check out the NFL Film Classics – Legends of Autumn , Vols. 1 - 3 DVD by clicking here .
Join ESPN
Insider today for the best sports analysis online , plus ESPN The Magazine !
Your favorite NFL teams and players gone big – Fathead.com
Order the Madden NFL 10 : Official Strategy Game Guide by clicking here .
( Visited 13 times , 1 visits today )
Eric G. Eric is the owner and editor - in - chief of the Camel Clutch Blog .
Eric has worked in the pro wrestling industry since 1995 as a ring announcer in ECW and a commentator / host on television , PPV , and home video .
Eric also hosted Pro Wrestling Radio on terrestrial radio from 1998 - 2009 .
Check out some of Eric 's work on his IMDB bio and Wikipedia .
Eric has an MBA from Temple University 's Fox School of Business .
More Posts - Website Follow Me :
BANGKOK  A cargo aircraft flying from North Korea and carrying tons of weapons has been seized by Thai authorities during a refueling stop in Bangkok , Thai officials said .
A senior Obama administration official said the United States  which fears North Korea will sell some of its nuclear technology  had tipped off the Thai authorities that the plane , which landed here Friday , might be carrying weapons .
“ From our visual inspection there seem to be several types of weapons , components and materials : long tubes , shoulder - fired missiles , certain types of rocket propelled grenades , ” Panitan Wattanayagorn , a government spokesman , said in an interview Sunday .
Mr. Panitan said many crates removed from the aircraft had not yet been opened .
The full payload was brought to an air force base in central Thailand and will be inspected Tuesday , he said .
I ’m not going to wait ’til Monday to post .
I ’m done now so I ’m posting now .
WASHINGTON , Jan. 12 , 2010  --
In her debut tonight as a FOX News channel analyst , former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin did n't waste any time in attacking her detractors , and taking issue with what she said were " lies " about her .
She fired back at critics of her performance as John McCain 's running mate in the 2008 presidential campaign , and kept up her ongoing attacks on the Obama administration .
Palin , 45 , said she 'd been warned not to watch a recent " 60 Minutes " interview with McCain campaign strategist Steve Schmidt .
During the interview , Schmidt claimed Palin did n't know the difference between North and South Korea .
Palin called that a lie .
" Yes , that surprised me , " Palin told host Bill O'Reilly on FOX's " The O'Reilly Factor . "
" I had n't seen the ' 60 Minutes ' thing .
I had been warned , you know , do n't watch .
It 's a bunch of B.S. from [ Steve ] Schmidt and from some of those . "
She denied Schmidt 's claim that she was " in chaos preparing for the debate " with Sen .
Joe Biden during the presidential campaign in 2008 .
" That is not true .
And Steve Schmidt told us how overjoyed he was after the debate , so pleased with the way everything turned out , as he was after the convention , " Palin said .
Palin also spoke about the recent controversy surrounding Sen .
Harry Reid 's remarks that were published in a new book on the 2008 presidential campaign , " Game Change . "
According to the book , Reid called then - Sen .
Barack Obama a " light - skinned " African - American who did not have a " negro dialect unless he wanted to have one . "
Palin called Reid 's comments " perplexing " and " unfortunate . "
" You can't defend those comments .
That way of thinking is quite foreign to I think most Americans today , " Palin said , adding that she comes from a diverse state and that she is married to an Alaska native .
" I do n't believe that he 's a racist , " Palin said of Reid .
" But I do n't believe that Trent Lott was a racist , either . "
Republicans have called for Reid 's resignation , citing the Democratic outcry in 2002 that led Sen. Trent Lott , R - Miss. , to resign from his position as Senate majority leader , after he praised former senator and segregationist Strom Thurmond .
" That hypocrisy is another reason why so many Americans are quite disgusted with the political games that are played , really on both sides of the aisle , but in this case , on the left wing , " Palin said .
" That they are playing with this game of racism and kind of letting Harry Reid 's comments slide , but having crucified Trent Lott for having essentially , along the same lines , saying the same ... "
On President Obama 's poll numbers , she said , " Of course , they 're sinking .
It was just a matter of time before more of that reflection of the people 's uncomfortableness that they feel towards this administration is manifesting in these poll numbers . "
Palin criticized the Obama 's administration 's handling of the economy , health care and national security .
" There is an obvious disconnect between President Obama and the White House , what they are doing to our economy and what they are doing in terms of not allowing Americans to feel as safe as we had felt , and people finally saying ' You know , this is not the representative form of government that we thought we had voted in , ' " she said .
O'Reilly asked her if she agreed with the administration 's approach on Iran , and what she would do .
" The time for talking , that 's enough , " Palin said , adding that it was time for the United States and its allies to " follow through " on threats of sanctions .
Palin has signed a multiyear deal with Fox , where she will offer political commentary and analysis on its cable news and business channels , Web site and its radio network .
She also will host occasional episodes of Fox News ' " Real American Stories . "
This is Palin 's first job after stepping down as Alaska governor in July , and publishing her memoir , " Going Rogue . "
O'Reilly welcomed Palin onboard and said she was welcome to " set the record straight " anytime she so wished .
" We 'll be doing a lot of that , " she replied .
Well , my constituency has spoken : a majority of you in the past few days voted for me to try out My New Pink Button ( $ 29.95 , free shipping ) , the temporary genital dye as reported about on Jezebel and elsewhere .
Well , guess what ?
Just in time for a wild and crazy Friday night , it is delivered discreetly to my house .
For those of you not yet familiar with the product , My New Pink Button is there for us ladies who feel that their junk needs some pinkening up due to age , hormones , or ethnicity .
I have not really thought about the color of my ladyparts , well , ever , and I have probably not done the Our Bodies , Ourselves hand mirror thing since before I had children .
I feel that anyone who has an opinion about the color of my junkdrawer can take their disco sticks elsewhere , but I was curious about this product for the sake of SCIENCE .
The kit contains 20 of the cheapest eye shadow applicators you will ever see , the kind where the foam is kind of wonkily glued on to the plastic stem .
Also included is a small vial of pink powder , helpfully labeled “ Marilyn . ”
I chose this shade because I felt like my vagina could most identify with her : pill - popping , confused , and crammed into small garments .
Someone else would have to be a Bettie or an “ Audry ” ( sic ? ) .
My favorite part of the kit was the weeniest , most adorbs shot glass I have ever seen .
Perhaps this was a hint that I should drink to steel myself for what was to come .
Next up : the instructions .
“ Occasionally a woman is self - conscious of her Labia since childhood . ”
The instructions say to sprinkle a little of what looks like Barbie blow into the shot glass , wet the applicator , and pick the powder up with the wet applicator .
An overpowering sweet smell rose out of the vial as I sprinkled the powder .
The ingredients say it is made from about every fruit that has been trendy for the past ten years , and includes cinnamon .
There is also an ominous warning in the instructions that “ for some , a slight ‘ irritating ’ feeling may occur upon application and last for about a minute . ”
An irritating feeling ?
Like the cosmetics industry telling me I should be self - conscious about yet another body part ?
Oh , wait , a different kind of irritating .
Myrrh is misspelled .
Should I be concerned ??
So is chamomile .
Never mind , on with the rejuvenating of my drab baby cannon .
I picked up some of the powder , which immediately bloomed with color .
Oh dear .
What was this , Lik - a - Vagina ?
I put the product on and let it sit as the instructions advised .
Things were okay for a few seconds , and then …THE BURNING !
I have certainly felt worse , but it was very noticeable .
The instructions assure me that this burning is “ due to the ingredients reacting to your bodies own PH balance which is normal and will go away upon rinsing off the colorant . ”
Rinse it off I did , and did I notice a difference ?
I did not .
I will confess to you I took before and after pictures for my own scrutiny .
Well hello there my vulva .
Long time , no see .
Sorry about the burning sensation .
Since I am Irish and turn pretty white in the winter , I decided to do a patch test on my arm , where it did not burn , and I could view it up close to see the staining effect .
During the staining :
After the rinsing :
See that barely - perceptible color change ?
Yeah .
I had a hunch after the way it smelled and how it looked when wet , so I licked my arm before I rinsed it , and it tasted just like unsweetened Kool - Aid .
In summary , I would file this with magic creams that purport to take twenty years off : do n’t bother .
And do n’t think so hard about your vulva , either .
Just enjoy it , FFS .
ETA : Hello new visitors .
I will be in and out throughout the day releasing new moderated comments .
Once you comment once , you ’re golden .
Thanks for your patience and for the feedback already .
ETA again : Hooray , the Consumerist picked me up !
1/18 : Helloooo Jezebelles !
I am pleased to become part of my thrice daily reading .
Someone mentioned “ Betty Beauty , ” the pubic hair dye in the comments there .
I ‘ve reviewed that as well .
Earlier this month , a California venture capitalist pleaded guilty to helping his company land a very rich deal with New York ’s pension fund .
In order to manage a $ 250 million portion of the $ 126 billion state pension , Elliott Broidy gave nearly $ 1 million in gifts to officials in the state comptroller ’s office .
The details are sordid .
He handed out rent for the girlfriend of a state worker who helped invest pensions .
He paid a management fee to a consultant .
He helped an official ’s relative .
He paid for luxurious trips by “ a very high - ranking ” official — all to gain management fees worth about $ 18 million .
As bad as it is , Mr. Broidy ’s admission is only the latest distressing news about the corrupt and secret way the office of Alan Hevesi , the former state comptroller , controlled the investment of one of the biggest pools of public money in the country .
Mr. Hevesi resigned three years ago after admitting to a felony .
Since then , two of his top former associates are fighting criminal charges relating to the pension fund investments .
Four others have pleaded guilty for security fraud , including one of the last political bosses in the state : Raymond Harding , who was a leader of the Liberal Party .
And an investigation of New York ’s pension scandal by Attorney General Andrew Cuomo and the Securities and Exchange Commission is ongoing .
DNA that is left in the remains of long - dead plants , animals , or humans allows a direct look into the history of evolution .
So far , studies of this kind on ancestral members of our own species have been hampered by scientists ' inability to distinguish the ancient DNA from modern - day human DNA contamination .
Now , research by Svante Pääbo from The Max - Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , published online on December 31st in Current Biology -- a Cell Press publication -- overcomes this hurdle and shows how it is possible to directly analyze DNA from a member of our own species who lived around 30,000 years ago .
DNA -- the hereditary material contained in the nuclei and mitochondria of all body cells -- is a hardy molecule and can persist , conditions permitting , for several tens of thousands of years .
Such ancient DNA provides scientists with unique possibilities to directly glimpse into the genetic make - up of organisms that have long since vanished from the Earth .
Using ancient DNA extracted from bones , the biology of extinct animals , such as mammoths , as well as of ancient humans , such as the Neanderthals , has been successfully studied in recent years .
The ancient DNA approach could not be easily applied to ancient members of our own species .
This is because the ancient DNA fragments are multiplied with special molecular probes that target certain DNA sequences .
These probes , however , cannot distinguish whether the DNA they recognize comes from the ancient human sample or was introduced much later , for instance by the archaeologists who handled the bones .
Thus , conclusions about the genetic make - up of ancient humans of our own species were fraught with uncertainty .
Using the remains of humans that lived in Russia about 30,000 years ago , Pääbo and his colleagues now make use of the latest DNA sequencing ( i.e. , reading the sequence of bases that make up the DNA strands ) techniques to overcome this problem .
These techniques , known as " second - generation sequencing , " enable the researchers to " read " directly from ancient DNA molecules , without having to use probes to multiply the DNA .
Moreover , they can read from very short sequence fragments that are typical of DNA ancient remains because over time the DNA strands tend to break up .
By contrast , DNA that is younger and only recently came in contact with the sample would consist of much longer fragments .
This and other features , such as the chemical damage incurred by ancient as opposed to modern DNA , effectively enabled the researchers to distinguish between genuine ancient DNA molecules and modern contamination .
" We can now do what I thought was impossible just a year ago -- determine reliable DNA sequences from modern humans -- but this is still possible only from very well - preserved specimens , " says Pääbo .
The application of this technology to the remains of members of our own species that lived tens of thousands of years ago now opens a possibility to address questions about the evolution and prehistory of our own species that were not possible with previous methods , for instance whether the humans living in Europe 30,000 years ago are the direct ancestors of present - day Europeans or whether they were later replaced by immigrants that brought new technology such as farming with them .
The authors include Johannes Krause , Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology , Leipzig , Germany ; Adrian Briggs , Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology , Leipzig , Germany ; Matrin Kircher , Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology , Leipzig , Germany ; Tomislav Maricic , Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology , Leipzig , Germany ; Nicolas Zwyns , Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology , Leipzig , Germany ; Anatoli Derevianko , Russian Academy of Sciences , Novosibirsk , Russia ; Svante Paabo , Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology , Leipzig , Germany .
All portions of a criminal trial must be open to the public , including selection of the jury , the US Supreme Court ruled on Tuesday .
In an unusual summary order , the high court ruled 7 to 2 in favor of a convicted cocaine trafficker who claimed that his right to a public trial was violated when a judge in Georgia barred members of the public from the courtroom during jury selection .
At the time , there was only one observer in the courtroom – defendant Eric Presley ’s uncle .
Mr. Presley ’s lawyer objected to excluding members of the public .
But the judge said there was n’t enough room in the courtroom for the 42 prospective jurors as well as public observers .
The judge expressed concern that prospective jurors might say something that could be overheard by the public .
In answer to the lawyer ’s objection , the judge said he had discretion to exclude the public from jury selection .
A state appeals court and the Georgia Supreme Court agreed with the judge .
On Tuesday , the US Supreme Court said they were wrong .
The court agreed to take up the case and then decided it without requesting additional briefing and oral argument .
The unsigned eight - page opinion says that a 1984 Supreme Court opinion established a First Amendment right of the public and press to attend a trial , including jury selection .
The high court also ruled in 1984 that the Sixth Amendment guarantee of a public trial also extends to pretrial hearings .
What the court had never declared until Tuesday is that the Sixth Amendment – not just the First Amendment – guarantees that jury selection is part of the public portion of a trial .
“ Trial courts are obligated to take every reasonable measure to accommodate public attendance at criminal trials , ” the court declared .
“ Nothing in the record shows that the trial court could not have accommodated the public at Presley ’s trial . ”
Justices Clarence Thomas and Antonin Scalia filed a dissent .
Writing for the two , Justice Thomas said he would not decide the issue in a summary order without the benefit of further briefing and oral argument .
“ Today ’s decision belittles the efforts of our judicial colleagues who have struggled with these issues , ” he wrote .
The case is Presley v. Georgia .
----
Follow us on Twitter .
END
Satanist on Starmania
Featured 04/09/2009
His parents must be so proud .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY --
The Utah Court of Appeals has ruled that too much perfume is probable cause for a search .
The Salt Lake Tribune reports the decision comes in response to a case back in 2007 when a UHP trooper pulled over a woman for traffic violations .
When he approached the car , he found it covered with orange rinds and smelling of air fresheners .
The trooper suspected drug trafficking , and a drug - sniffing dog found about 60 pounds of marijuana in the car .
The woman argued the search was unconstitutional ; however , the appeals court agreed the smell offered a reasonable suspicion to search the car .
By By Salim Jiwa Jan 14 , 2010 in World A B.C. judge has fined a woman $ 800 for causing an accident that killed a six - year - old boy .
The woman's " inadvertent negligence " in stepping on gas pedal rather than brakes caused her car to slam into boy .
Is this the price for the kid 's life ?
But prosecutor Winston Sayson explained that is not a price put on the life of Joshua Bates who was killed when the Ford Escort driven by Brenda Alice Reid jumped the curb and accidentally crushed the boy against the wall of a pharmacy at the Walnut Grove Mall .
Reid was convicted of driving without due care and attention contrary to the Motor Vehicle Act for the incident on Aug. 29 , 2007 .
The evidence established that Reid committed an act of “ inadvertent negligence ” when she mistakenly stepped on the gas pedal instead of the brake pedal .
At the sentencing hearing , Joshua ’s parents and grandmother read “ gut - wrenching ” victim impact statements .
“ In recognition of the low moral - culpability of the negligence ( albeit with horrific consequences ) , the otherwise careful and prudent manner in which the car was driven , prior to the collision , and other mitigating factors , the accused was fined $ 800.00 , ” said Sayson through a press release issued by RCMP .
Sayson explained that the fine imposed was to sanction the momentary lapse of attention by Reid .
“ It is not a reflection or assessment of the precious life of Joshua Bates , ” he said .
The crown and the judge acknowledged there is nothing the court can do that will in any way be proportionate to the loss experienced by the Bates family , he said .
Sayson added outside court that there is no happiness for the crown or for the Bates family , from this guilty verdict .
“ The pain and sorrow of the Bates family will be with them for their entire lives .
They wish to thank all of the people who gave compassionate support to their grieving family . ”
Sayson said .
“ I hope that this case will remind all drivers to exercise great care when they get behind the wheels of their cars .
A small mistake could take someone ’s life and cause much devastation . ”
LANGLEY , B.C. – A woman who accidentally stepped on the accelerator instead of the brake pedal and crushed a six - year - old to death has been fined $ 800 for “ inadvertent negligence .
” But prosecutor Winston Sayson explained that is not a price put on the life of Joshua Bates who was killed when the Ford Escort driven by Brenda Alice Reid jumped the curb and accidentally crushed the boy against the wall of a pharmacy at the Walnut Grove Mall .
Reid was convicted of driving without due care and attention contrary to the Motor Vehicle Act for the incident on Aug. 29 , 2007 .
The evidence established that Reid committed an act of “ inadvertent negligence ” when she mistakenly stepped on the gas pedal instead of the brake pedal .
At the sentencing hearing , Joshua ’s parents and grandmother read “ gut - wrenching ” victim impact statements .
“ In recognition of the low moral - culpability of the negligence ( albeit with horrific consequences ) , the otherwise careful and prudent manner in which the car was driven , prior to the collision , and other mitigating factors , the accused was fined $ 800.00 , ” said Sayson through a press release issued by RCMP .
Sayson explained that the fine imposed was to sanction the momentary lapse of attention by Reid .
“ It is not a reflection or assessment of the precious life of Joshua Bates , ” he said .
The crown and the judge acknowledged there is nothing the court can do that will in any way be proportionate to the loss experienced by the Bates family , he said .
Sayson added outside court that there is no happiness for the crown or for the Bates family , from this guilty verdict .
“ The pain and sorrow of the Bates family will be with them for their entire lives .
They wish to thank all of the people who gave compassionate support to their grieving family . ”
Sayson said .
“ I hope that this case will remind all drivers to exercise great care when they get behind the wheels of their cars .
A small mistake could take someone ’s life and cause much devastation . ”
More about Joshua bates , Woman fined 800 , Death fine only 800 More news from joshua bates woman fined 800 death fine only 800
Published online 10 December 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.1135
News
Knocking out a single gene transforms gonads in mice .
A mouse with some very confused ovaries .
Getty
Inside every ovary lurks a testicle just waiting to develop .
So says a study in mice that further overturns traditional views of sexual development — and reveals that females must constantly suppress their masculine side .
Mathias Treier , a geneticist at the European Molecular Biology Laboratory in Heidelberg , Germany , and his colleagues deleted a gene called FOXL2 in sexually mature mouse ovaries .
When they examined the ovaries three weeks later , they had switched sex and started pumping out the hormone testosterone .
" The major finding is that females must actively suppress the male pathway inside the ovary , " Treier says .
" Here is a gene that is not located on the sex chromosome that makes you stay female . "
In many mammals , sex is determined during the early development of the fetus by the activity of a gene called SRY located on the Y sex chromosome , carried only by males .
That gene triggers a second gene , called SOX9 , which induces testes development .
But Treier 's team have found that FOXL2 is a key ' power broker ' , acting in conjunction with the cell 's oestrogen receptor in order to inhibit SOX9 in adult females and preventing the ovaries from producing testosterone .
The study is published this week in Cell1 .
Sex change
This study is not the first to transform adult ovaries into testes .
In work published in 1999 in Science , John Couse , then at the US National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences in North Carolina , and his colleagues knocked out both types of oestrogen receptor in mice and found that the gonads showed signs of changing sex , but they did not produce testosterone2 .
High levels of oestrogen can also trigger sex changes in a number of animals , including marsupial mammals .
But the finding that ovaries must actually strive to keep their identity makes this " a very exciting piece of work " , says Richard Anderson , a reproductive endocrinologist at the Queen 's Medical Research Institute at the University of Edinburgh , UK , who has studied FOXL2 .
" What they are proposing is that the ovary is not a fixed structure but must maintain its ' ovary - ness ' , " he says .
Treier had expected to achieve sex reversal in the mice by knocking out FOXL2 early in sexual development , rather than having to wait until the mice were mature .
He was puzzled to find that knocking out the gene in immature mice stopped the ovaries from developing properly and led to their degeneration .
He says that it has taken his group ten years to understand the gene 's true role in sex determination .
ADVERTISEMENT
Treier believes that FOXL2 could be one of the oldest sex - determining genes in vertebrates .
For example , it is known that female goats that are missing the section of chromosome containing FOXL2 develop as males .
Regulation of the gene may also enable female fish to change sex after sexual development , and FOXL2 could underlie the masculinization seen in some menopausal women , Treier says .
Because the ovarian cells that give rise to eggs were not modified by the gene deletion , Treier 's transsexual mice could not make sperm .
The next step , he says , is to add sperm stem cells to these modified ovaries to see if they can produce sperm .
" It 's outlandish , and the chance that it will work is very small , " he says .
" But you never know . "
10 . How much do you weigh ?
Less than 100 pounds ( 44 kg or less )
101-115 ( 45 - 52 kg )
116-135 ( 53-61 kg )
136-155 ( 62-70 kg )
156-185 ( 71-83 kg )
186-220 ( 84-99 kg )
221-250 ( 100 - 113 kg )
251 or more ( 114kg or more ) final question !
Experimentierfreudig Grundschüler friert mit Zunge an Laterne fest
Ein kleines winterliches Experiment wurde einem Grundschüler aus Nordrhein - Westfalen eine schmerzhafte Erfahrung : Der Junge leckte bei minus zehn Grad an einer Straßenlaterne - und kam nicht wieder von ihr los .
Posted by John , December 19th , 2009 - under Internet filter , reddit .
Tags : Australian politics , Censorship , Conroy
Reddit Australia quite rightly has a number of articles on Senator Conroy ’s internet filter plans , almost all of them critical .
For those who do n’t know , here in Australia our Labor Government is implementing a plan that will see ISPs block certain named sites because of their content .
The plan is to ban access to about 1,300 sites that show child pornography , bestiality , sexual violence or have instructions about committing crime .
An independent body will blacklist sites by refusing them classification .
The public can make complaints to the body about a site .
In doing this Australia will be joining China and Iran among others in the internet filter club .
The US led war of terror against its enemies , big and small , around the world has had as one consequence a lessening of personal freedoms in the name of fighting terrorism .
The internet filter is driven by the same mindset – to control our minds and make sure we do n’t think dangerous thoughts .
For Senator Conroy any thought that differs from his narrow world view is a dangerous thought .
For example sites advocating Palestinian resistance to the genocidal zionist regime could well be refused classification and access blocked for “ inciting crime ” .
One can imagine pro-palestinian articles in Socialist Alternative being the subject of complaints to Conroy ’s censors and the ISP being forced to block those articles , if not the whole magazine .
There is an irony in Reddit Australia running all these anti-censorship articles .
Reddit Australia has banned me from submitting links to my articles on their site .
Every time I hit the submit button it comes up in bright red : forbidden ( reddit.com )
Requests to the moderators of Reddit Australia have gone unanswered .
While Reddit politics and Reddit socialism publish my material , the fact that I am Australian and write often about Australian politics means the Reddit Australia ban impacts heavily on me and my ability to gain access to an Australian audience for my left wing ideas .
Reddit itself proclaims that ‘ Reddit is a source for what ’s new and popular on the web .
Users like you provide all of the content and decide , through voting , what ’s good ( ) and what ’s junk ( ) . ’
Apparently that is not the case for my articles on Reddit Australia .
They are presumably too left wing to be published .
The ban seems to have started after I submitted an article called Iraq ’s butchers : truly the Anzacs of today .
In that article I made the point that the Iraq War walk past was ‘… an attempt to bring the Iraq invasion into the circle of national myth to ensure the next round of soldiers will gullibly march to war for Australian imperialism . ’
So when you read about Conroy ’s censorship plans , bear in mind that censorship is not just something the State does .
The struggle for free speech is just as often against private as well as State interests .
Note : I got a response from one of the Reddit Australia moderators saying I had been banned for spamming my blog .
Evidently submitting my own material is spamming .
No other reddit site has yet used this as a reason to ban access to my material .
In any event it just proves the point .
An unelected moderator decides for whatever reason to ban my site and I am blocked automatically from submitting any material ( not just my own . )
No right of appeal .
Not right to dispute the decision .
It is just done .
Very Senator Conroy , except that in the internet filter case people may at least have a right to challenge the decision .
So more Conroy than Conroy .
Learning Scala in small bites
In my advanced compilers course , students have write to lexer - generators , parser - generators and Scheme interpreters with first - class macros .
To make these projects feasible , I recommend using Scala .
Of course , Scala is a large , intricate language .
It takes time to even become aware of all its features .
To help learn Scala faster , I 've created the series of small examples below , each of which highlights one or two aspects of the language .
Updated , 16 Sep 2013 : While teaching advanced compilers again this semester , I 've significantly revamped and updated this tutorial .
The code that broke with the big Scala collections update is running again .
It all runs in the latest Scala .
The most recent studies by researchers at ETH Zurich show that in the 1940s Swiss glaciers were melting at an even - faster pace than at present .
This is despite the fact that the temperatures in the 20th century were lower than in this century .
Researchers see the main reason for this as the lower level of aerosol pollution in the atmosphere .
In Switzerland , the increase in snow in wintertime and the glacier melt in summertime have been measured at measurement points at around 3,000 metres above sea level -- on the Clariden Firn , the Great Aletsch glacier and the Silvretta glacier -- without interruption for almost 100 years .
As part of his doctoral work , Matthias Huss used this unique range of measurements to examine how climate change in the last century affected the glaciers .
The work was carried out under the supervision of Martin Funk , professor and head of the Department for Glaciology at the Laboratory for Hydraulics , Hydrology and Glaciology ( ' VAW ' ) at ETH Zurich , who is also co-author of the study .
Solar radiation as the decisive factor
In its work , the research team took into account the solar radiation measured on the Earth 's surface in Davos since 1934 .
Studies over the past two decades have shown that solar radiation varies substantially due to aerosols and clouds , and this is assumed to influence climate fluctuations .
Recent years have seen the emergence of the terms ' global dimming ' and ' global brightening ' to describe these phenomena of reduced and increased solar radiation respectively .
These two effects are currently the subject of more and more scientific research , in particular by ETH Zurich , as experts feel that they should be taken into account in the climate models .
The new study , published in the journal ' Geophysical Research Letters ' , confirms this requirement .
This is because , taking into account the data recorded for the level of solar radiation , the scientists made a surprising discovery : in the 1940s and in the summer of 1947 especially , the glaciers lost the most ice since measurements commenced in 1914 .
This is in spite of the fact that temperatures were lower than in the past two decades .
" The surprising thing is that this paradox can be explained relatively easily with radiation , " says Huss , who was recently appointed to the post of senior lecturer at the Department of Geosciences at the University of Fribourg in Switzerland .
On the basis of their calculations , the researchers have concluded that the high level of short - wave radiation in the summer months is responsible for the fast pace of glacier melt .
In the 1940s , the level was 8 % higher than the long - term average and 18 Watts per square metres above the levels of the past ten years .
Calculated over the entire decade of the 1940s , this resulted in 4 % more snow and ice melt compared with the past ten years .
Furthermore , the below - average melt rates at the measurement points during periods in which the glacier snouts were even advancing correlate with a phase of global dimming , between the 1950s and the 1980s .
Less snow fall and longer melt periods
The researchers arrived at their findings by calculating the daily melt rates with the aid of climate data and a temperature index model , based on the half - yearly measurements on the glaciers since 1914 .
These results were then compared with the long - term measurements of solar radiation in Davos .
Huss points out that the strong glacier melt in the 1940s puts into question the assumption that the rate of glacier decline in recent years " has never been seen before . "
" Nevertheless , " says the glaciologist , " this should not lead people to conclude that the current period of global warming is not really as big of a problem for the glaciers as previously assumed . "
This is because it is not only the pace at which the Alpine glaciers are currently melting that is unusual , but the fact that this sharp decline has been unabated for 25 years now .
Another aspect to consider -- and this is evidenced by the researchers ' findings -- is that temperature - based opposing mechanisms came into play around 30 years ago .
These have led to a 12 % decrease in the amount of precipitation that falls as snow as a percentage of total precipitation , accompanied by an increase of around one month in the length of the melt period ever since this time .
Scientists warn that these effects could soon be matched by the lower level of solar radiation we have today compared with the 1940s .
Electric vehicle maker THINK released its first US EV - Ready Cities Index .
The top four cities included first - ranked Los Angeles and second - ranked San Francisco with Chicago and New York tied for third .
The THINK EV - Ready Cities Index was presented by THINK CEO Richard Canny at the Electric Drive Transportation Association Annual Conference and Meeting at the Washington Auto Show .
San Diego , Portland and Sacramento were rated fifth , sixth and seventh putting four cities in California in the top - 15 index .
Rounding out the top ten were Newark , Seattle and Atlanta .
The remaining cities included Denver , Boston , Washington , DC , Philadelphia and Phoenix .
THINK developed the EV - Ready Cities Index to measure which markets are most likely to begin and benefit from the transition to electric vehicles , providing an objective comparison of the EV purchase and usage incentives as well as the market fit for EVs .
We expect that the roll - out of EVs to the US market will be quite focused in the early stages .
Some cities are more likely to be early adopters of EV technology , and the EV - Ready Cities Index will be a helpful tool to guide and prioritize the development of those markets .
It reflects the available government support , consumer acceptance , and the opportunity for EVs to provide the maximum benefits possible from electric drive .
Since EVs are a unique solution for congested urban environments , we are taking a city - by - city approach rather than a national or state - by - state approach .
— Richard Canny
The THINK EV - Ready Cities Index takes into account purchase and usage incentives — such as HOV lane access and infrastructure support — for electric vehicles as well as market fit , which includes factors such as hybrid sales , traffic congestion , EPA non-attainment zone status ( air quality ) , and potential lower - carbon energy sources for vehicle recharging .
The index was compiled for THINK by ASG Renaissance , a market research and business services firm located in Dearborn , Mich .
The US EV - ready index mirrors one THINK developed for targeting markets in Europe , which recognized Oslo , Copenhagen and Amsterdam as the top - three markets .
The company plans to continue to monitor EV - ready factors and periodically update and release its index .
Ideally , we would like the THINK City to be available throughout the US next year , but in our early commercialization phase , it is important that we first establish a strong concentration of sales in key , highly attractive markets , which support early adoption of sustainable , zero emissions transport solutions .
— Richard Canny
THINK plans to begin selling the THINK City , which will have a top speed of more than 70 miles per hour and a range of more than 100 miles per full charge , in target US cities beginning this year .
The company recently announced plans to manufacture the THINK City electric car in Elkhart , Ind. with US production slated to begin early next year .
New York
Glenn
Beck did n't always believe in what he was doing .
" When I was young , I used to hear people say , ' He 's a golden boy .
Look at that guy .
Can you imagine what he 's going to be like when he grows up ? '
Well , I unfortunately bought into that .
And I had n't even found myself .
Quite honestly , I was running from myself .
But I knew how to work Top 40 radio . "
" Golden ...
I will not try to explain what they are because I would probably mess it up , but first I ’ll show you a clip from the documentary that explains how they can be used practically , and why they are important , then we will get to what they actually are .
Featured in the documentary is Arthur C. Clark and also Benoît Mandelbrot himself , the founder of the first fractal , rightfully called the Mandelbrot set ( shown above ) .
Infinite Scalability will play a huge roll in the future of the internet , by allowing a 3 dimensional plane to be introduced to the browsing experience .
Suddenly the space on the screen will get a lot bigger .. well , deeper .. and users will eventually be able to create their own hidden spaces within virtual environments , zooming down into the corner of a room to eventually reveal a hidden locked door .
The popular website Photosynth uses fractal geometry to add infinite scalability to it ’s functionality .
Try it out and explore the Pyramids from home .
Zoom in and get incredible detail !
It is so fun zooming using 2 fingers with the Macbook touch pad too if you have one : http://photosynth.net/view.aspx?cid=7ccf8edb-cbf2-4a79-83cd-f33be90fd1aa
Okay so if you ’re wondering what the heck these things actually are , this part of the documentary explains the logistics of how they get these images and their origins .
Tehran , Iran ( CNN ) -- Tehran 's Revolutionary Court sentenced 11 people to death after convicting them of participating in post-election riots , state media reported Thursday .
Two of the sentences have been carried out ; the rest are under appeal , the Iranian Students News Agency said , quoting a court official .
These are the first executions known to be related to the post-election violence that erupted across Iran in June and has continued since , Amnesty International said in a statement condemning the hangings .
But a lawyer for one of the men executed on Thursday disputed a key part of the official report .
" Both of these men were arrested two months before the elections and they were in prison until their sentences were carried out .
So how can someone who 's in prison take part in protests ? " asked Nasrin Sotoudeh , a Tehran - based human rights lawyer who represented Arash Rahmanipour , one of two men hanged Thursday .
Full coverage of the protests in Iran
His father had been scheduled to visit Rahmanipour on the day of the execution , and learned only from a TV report that his son was dead , Sotoudeh said , describing the family as " extremely upset and shocked . "
" Arash called his home two nights ago ( Tuesday night ) -- two nights before the sentence was carried out , and at that point Arash had no idea that his sentence was about to be carried out , " she said .
She said the hanging violated Iranian law .
" The entire process , the investigation , the trial , the handing down of the sentence and the carrying out of the sentence , were done illegally and in secret , " she told CNN by phone .
" Arash 's family and I did not have his case file .
A sentence must first be announced to the defendant and his lawyer and only then can it be carried out , but this sentence was never announced to Arash or myself . "
She said he had been forced to confess .
" He told me his pregnant sister had been arrested , too , " she said .
" In two sessions where he was interrogated , they placed his sister in front of him and told him if he wanted to see her free he had to admit to things he did n't do . "
Rahmanipour 's sister was later released from prison but lost the baby due to stress , Sotoudeh said .
Rahmanipour , 20 , was charged with being a mohareb , or enemy of God , and being a member of Anjoman-e Padeshahi-e Iran ( API ) , a banned anti-regime monarchist group , his lawyer said .
Amnesty International condemned the execution of Rahmanipour and the other man executed Thursday , Mohammad Reza Ali-Zamani .
" These men were first unfairly convicted and now they have been unjustly killed .
It is not even clear they had links to this group , as their ' confessions ' appear to have been made under duress , " said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui , Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa deputy director .
The court said the defendants were convicted of " waging war against God , trying to overthrow the Islamic government " and membership in armed and anti-revolutionary groups .
Anti-government demonstrations began after the disputed June 12 presidential vote , which re-elected hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad over main opposition candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi .
Late December marked the deadliest clashes in Iran since initial protests broke out in the summer .
At least seven people were killed and hundreds were arrested , witnesses said , as they took to the streets on Ashura , which occurred on December 27 .
The Iranian government has denied that its security forces killed anyone and has blamed reformists for the violence .
Quelque 13,64 millions de véhicules ont été vendus en 2009 en Chine .
" La Chine a remplacé les Etats - Unis pour devenir pour la première fois le plus grand marché automobile du monde " , peut claironner , lundi , l'agence Chine nouvelle , citant l'Association chinoise des constructeurs automobiles ( CAAM ) .
Le marché a bénéficié des mesures du gouvernement destinées à stimuler la demande automobile dans un environnement industriel marqué par le ralentissement au niveau mondial l'an dernier .
Cela représente une hausse de 46,2 % par rapport aux ventes de 2008 , qui avaient totalisé 9,38 millions d'unités , selon les chiffres précédents de la CAAM .
Début 2009 , le marché automobile chinois a dépassé celui , sinistré , des Etats - Unis , alors que les ventes en Chine ont progressé vigoureusement l'an dernier grâce à des mesures fiscales d'encouragement à la consommation dans ce secteur .
Les ventes de voitures particulières ont bondi de 52,9 % en 2009 , à 10,3 millions d'unités .
Sur le seul mois de décembre , ces ventes ont augmenté de 88,7 % par rapport à l'an dernier , à 1,1 million de véhicules .
En novembre , la croissance des ventes automobiles avait été en rythme annuel de 98,2 % , mais de 49,7 % sur les onze premiers mois de l'année , selon la CAAM .
Le Monde avec AFP et Reuters
" I tried to ask him what was wrong but he did n't answer and it was then I looked at the sofa behind him and saw a book named Hypnosis Medicine of the Mind .
By now , everybody knows that the market for collateralized debt obligations was riddled with fraud in the lead - up to the financial crisis .
What is less known is the fact that hedge fund managers helped create and inflate the market for these toxic securities specifically so that they could bet against them and profit from the inevitable collapse .
An example of a particularly sordid scheme , orchestrated by hedge fund billionaire John Paulson , was discovered some time ago by David Fiderer , a blogger for the Huffington Post .
The information in Fiderer ’s blog is rather incriminating , and , of course , the mainstream media is not on the case , so I think it bears repeating .
In a close reading of Wall Street Journal Gregory Zuckerman ’s book , “ The Greatest Trade Ever ” , an otherwise starry - eyed account of Paulson ’s bets against the mortgage market , Fiderer discovered this nugget :
“ Paulson and [ partner Paolo Pellegrini ] were eager to find ways to expand their wager against risky mortgages .
Accumulating it in the market sometimes proved to be a slow process .
So they made appointments with bankers at Bear Stearns , Deutsche Bank ( NYSE : DB ) , Goldman Sachs ( NYSE: GS ) , and other banks to ask if they would create CDOs that Paulson & Co. could essentially bet against . ”
As Fiderer explains , Paulson asked the banks to create those CDOs “ so that they could be sold to some suckers at close to par .
That way , Paulson ’s hedge fund could approach some other sucker who would sell an insurance policy , or credit default swap , on the newly minted CDOs .
Bear , Deutsche and Goldman knew perfectly well what Paulson ’s motivation was .
He made no secret of his belief that the CDOs subordinate claims on the mortgage collateral were close to worthless .
By the time others have figured out the fatal flaws in these securities which had been ignored by the rating agencies , Paulson could collect up to $ 5 billion .
“ Paulson not only initiated these transactions , he also specified the terms he wanted , identifying which mortgages would be stuffed into the CDOs , and how the CDOs should be structured .
Within the overall framework set by Paulson ’s team , banks and investors were allowed to do some minor tweaking . ”
It is not clear which banks ultimately participated in Paulson ’s scam , but Fiderer quotes Bear Stearns trader Scott Eichel as saying that his bank refused .
“ It did n’t pass the ethics standards ; ” Eichel said , “ it was a reputation issue and it did n’t pass our moral compass .
We did n’t think we could sell deals that someone was shorting on the other side . ”
Bear Stearns ’ moral compass was usually pointed towards the darker regions , but perhaps this is why Paulson subsequently became one of the more eager short sellers of Bear Stearns ’ stock .
Fiderer continues : “ Prior to 2006 , there were not many opportunities for naked short selling on subprime securitizations .
But in January of that year , investment banks launched a new product , which enabled Paulson to place those bets on a large scale .
The ABX index , a sort of Dow Jones Average of subprime mortgage securities , facilitated benchmarking the price of credit default swaps . ”
In fact , it was a black box company called the Markit Group that created the ABX index .
The banks were minor shareholders in Markit Group and provided data .
I have noted in a previous blog that the Markit Group is a dubious outfit to say the least , and there is good reason to suspect that the direction of the ABX index was influenced by hedge fund managers and their allies at the big banks .
I do not have evidence that Paulson was one of those hedge funds , but authorities ought to be asking questions .
Fiderer goes on to suggest that bad loans to homeowners were a significant cause of the financial crisis .
On this front , I disagree with him .
Certainly , some mortgage lenders were unscrupulous , and there was a certain amount of predatory lending , but the conventional wisdom that this is what crashed the economy is simply false .
At the time that the mortgage securities markets began to go south in 2007 , defaults on subprime loans had increased only slightly month - to - month , and were in fact considerably lower than in earlier years .
In the second quarter of 2007 , for example , only 7.7 percent of subprime loans were 30 days past due , slightly up from 6.76 percent in the second quarter of 2006 , but considerably lower than the 9.9 percent in the second quarter of 2001 .
The problem lied not in the loans themselves , but in the fact that the loans had been packaged ( apparently , to a large extent , at the behest of John Paulson and perhaps other bearish billionaires ) into fraudulent securities that were traded and probably manipulated by a select number of hedge funds and large banks .
In a somewhat similar scheme , hedge funds often pump up the stock of public companies before initiating short selling attacks aimed at demolishing those same companies .
The economy was brought to its knees by a few powerful and eminently dirty players on Wall Street , not by poor people who had the temerity to buy themselves houses .
On Jan. 9 The Washington Post ran a front - page article headlined “ Frustrations With Steele Leaving G.O.P. in a Bind , ” reporting , among other embarrassments , that the party had spent $ 90 million during Steele ’s brief reign while raising just $ 84 million .
Enter “ Game Change , ” right in the nick of time for Steele to pull off his own cunning game change .
On Jan. 10 he stormed “ Fox News Sunday ” and “ Meet the Press ” to demand Reid ’s head .
There has been hardly a mention of Steele ’s sins since .
He can laugh all the way to the bank .
Image
His behavior is not anomalous .
Steele is representative of a fascinating but little noted development on the right : the rise of buckrakers who are exploiting the party ’s anarchic confusion and divisions to cash in for their own private gain .
In this cause , Steele is emulating no one if not Sarah Palin , whose hunger for celebrity and money outstrips even his own .
As many suspected at the time , her 2008 campaign wardrobe , like the doomed campaign itself , was just a preview of coming attractions : she would surely dump the bother of serving as Alaska ’s besieged governor for a lucrative star turn on Fox News .
Last week she made it official .
Both Steele and Palin claim to be devotees of the tea party movement .
“ I ’m a tea partier , I ’m a town - haller , I ’m a grass - roots - er ” is how Steele put it in a recent radio interview , wet - kissing a market he hopes will buy his book .
Palin has far more grandiose ambitions .
She recently signed on as a speaker for the first Tea Party Convention , scheduled next month in Nashville  even though she had turned down a speaking invitation from the annual Conservative Political Action Conference , the traditional meet - and - greet for the right .
The conservative conference does n’t pay .
The Tea Party Convention does .
A blogger at Nashville Scene reported that Palin ’s price for the event was $ 120,000 .
The entire Tea Party Convention is a profit - seeking affair charging $ 560 a ticket  plus the cost of a room at the Opryland Hotel .
Among the convention ’s eight listed sponsors is Tea Party Emporium , which gives as its contact address 444 Madison Avenue in New York , also home to the high - fashion brand Burberry .
This emporium ’s
Web site offers a bejeweled tea bag at $ 89.99 for those furious at “ a government hell bent on the largest redistribution of wealth in history . ”
This is almost as shameless as Glenn Beck , whose own tea party profiteering has included hawking gold coins merchandised by a sponsor of his radio show .
Last week a prominent right - wing blogger , Erick Erickson of RedState.com , finally figured out that the Tea Party Convention “ smells scammy , ” likening it to one of those Nigerian e-mails promising untold millions .
Such rumbling about the movement ’s being co-opted by hucksters may explain why Palin used her first paid appearance at Fox last Tuesday to tell Bill O’Reilly that she would recycle her own tea party profits in political contributions .
But Erickson had it right : the tea party movement is being exploited  and not just by marketers , lobbyists , political consultants and corporate interests but by the Republican Party , as exemplified by Palin and Steele , its most prominent leaders .
Tea partiers hate the G.O.P. establishment and its Wall Street allies , starting with the Bushies who created TARP , almost as much as they do Obama and his Wall Street pals .
When Steele and Palin pay lip service to the movement , they are happy to glom on to its anti-tax , anti-Obama , anti-government , anti-big - bank vitriol .
But they do n’t call for any actual action against the bailed - out perpetrators of the financial crisis .
They ’d never ask for investments to put ordinary Americans back to work .
They have no policies to forestall foreclosures or protect health insurance for the tea partiers who ’ve been shafted by hard times .
Their only economic principle beside tax cuts is vilification of the stimulus that did save countless jobs for firefighters , police officers and teachers at the state and local level .
The Democrats ’ efforts to counter the deprivation and bitterness spawned by the Great Recession are indeed timid and imperfect .
The right has a point when it says that the Senate health care votes of Ben Nelson of Nebraska and Mary Landrieu of Louisiana were bought with pork .
But at least their constituents can share the pigout .
Hustlers like Steele and Palin take the money and run .
All their followers get in exchange is a lousy tea party T - shirt .
Or a ghost - written self - promotional book .
Or a tepid racial sideshow far beneath the incendiary standards of the party whose history from Strom to “ macaca ” has driven away nearly every black American except Steele for the past 40 years .
Mass Effect 2 is easily one of the most anticipated games of 2010 .
But how much has the game evolved graphically since the original Mass Effect ?
It ’s been over two years since the last game released on the Xbox 360 , so we thought it would be nice to do a screenshot comparison between Mass Effect and Mass Effect 2 , just before the January 26th release date .
The first image is from Mass Effect 1 and the second is from Mass Effect 2 in each of the comparisons .
Please note that we have considered Xbox 360 as the platform to compare the screen shots .
Click the images to see in full screen .
Comparison 1 :
In our first comparison we will pit Shepard against Shepard .
Commander Shepard definitely looks much more realistic in the sequel .
In two years Bioware has done a hell of a job with their engine , the details and the visible scars on Shepard ’s face is just amazing .
In the first game , even though the visuals were good , it ’s no way as close to what we have now .
Comparison 2 :
In the second round we compare how the visuals are when you are in the over - the - shoulder view .
This is an ideal view to compare both the games since it tells us a lot about the visuals ; the characters armor , environment and the objects around the Commander .
Hands down , Mass Effect 2 again looks superior in all departments .
The first game had a kind of a grainy look to it , so it ’s a no brainer who is winning here .
Comparison 3 :
It ’s time to compare the beautiful scenery in both the games .
Mass Effect had some of the most visually appealing environments back in 2007 , but in 2010 its sequel will be a sight to behold .
The environments have a touch of glow and they are better and more appealing in Mass Effect 2 .
Comparison 4 :
It ’s time to compare how the two games look like while you are fighting .
I know this is somewhat similar to the second comparison , but this time we will also compare enemies and the explosions .
Mass Effect had decent effects when the players used their special powers but in Mass Effect 2 , not only do the effects look amazing but they do look like they are really electrifying the enemies .
Also if you look closely the enemies are pretty detailed too .
Comparison 5 :
This time we will compare the other characters in the game .
In most games the main protagonist is modeled in a pretty good fashion but the developers simple forget about the other guys .
As you can see from the images , Mass Effect 1 does not stand a chance against the sequel .
The characters are much more realistic and have awesome facial modeling .
So in our visual comparison , Mass Effect 2 wins five out of five , but will its gameplay be as solid as the first one ?
Check Gaming
Bolt again when the game is released to know the answer .
Editor 's note : Ron Paul is a Republican congressman from Texas who ran for his party 's nomination for president in 2008 .
( CNN ) --
A year after a nearly $ 800 billion stimulus package was passed , the U.S. economy still finds itself mired in mediocrity .
Economic growth is stagnant , unemployment remains higher than almost any time since the Great Depression and millions of Americans are upset that trillions of taxpayer dollars have been committed to numerous government bailout programs with no improvement of the economy within sight .
They question , rightfully , is where this money is going and why it has n't been as helpful as the government has claimed .
The problems with stimulus packages are manifold .
The primary reason they fail is because they do not address the roots of the problem .
If you are unable to identify the cause of your problem , then your solution is doomed to fail .
In the case of the current economic crisis , it had its root in loose monetary policy and easy credit that skewed the allocation of resources within the economy .
Combined with other measures to promote home ownership , these easy money policies caused a massive housing bubble .
Money that would have been put to other uses was used to produce raw materials , hire workers and loaned to homebuyers , all while home prices spiked .
The boom was , of course , unsustainable , as many prognosticators pointed out during the housing bubble 's peak .
But the damage was done , and now that the bubble has burst , we need to stand back and allow the mess to unwind .
Yet the government does everything in its power to stave off true recovery and is attempting to re-inflate the bubble .
Rather than allow prices to fall so that the housing market returns to a sustainable level , the government does everything in its power to try to keep housing prices elevated .
The reasoning behind the stimulus package was that underconsumption was to blame for the collapse of the housing bubble and the resulting economic crisis .
The government seems to think that if consumption can be spurred , then the economy will be return to normal .
In reality , the collapse of the economy was not caused by a sudden lack of consumption but rather a malinvestment of resources into sectors of the economy that were unsustainable without easy credit .
The rise in housing prices was not , in fact , indicative of the new normal but rather an indicator that something was seriously wrong .
Government attempts to boost the economy through measures such as stimulus packages merely take money from hardworking taxpayers and throw that money into unproductive endeavors , into the sectors of the economy that already suffer from malinvestment or into make - work projects .
Washington is throwing good money after bad , wasting hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars and accomplishing nothing .
As the eminent economist Frederic Bastiat once pointed out , there is a difference between what is seen and unseen .
The government likes to tout the number of jobs that have been created or saved by the stimulus .
But even if these numbers are accurate , they do not count the number of jobs that are not created in other more productive or self - sustaining sectors of the economy .
Nor do they count the jobs that will be lost in the future when tax rates will have to be increased to pay off the interest on the debt that is financing much of the stimulus package .
Finally , the stimulus package enables the government , rather than the market , to pick winners and losers .
Whenever the government doles out money , political factors come into play .
Firms that are politically well - connected or located in important congressional districts will benefit , while those firms without political connections , the ability to navigate bureaucratic hurdles or that exist in isolated areas unimportant to Washington will lose out .
Once the stimulus money runs out , the companies and jobs dependent on that handout will find themselves once again struggling .
A company that cannot satisfy consumer needs in the marketplace and that requires a government stimulus to remain competitive is a company that should not be in business .
The last thing this country needs is more government spending , especially on such wasteful measures as stimulus packages .
We have wasted trillions of dollars in the past year and a half in stimulus packages , bailouts and guarantees to unsound companies .
We have run up our national debt to unprecedented levels .
We are destroying the dollar .
And it seems as if there is no end in sight .
Loose monetary policy , easy credit and too much debt created the bubble and got us into this economic crisis .
Unless the government learns its lesson and opts for restrained monetary and fiscal policy , it risks a complete implosion of the U.S. economy .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ron Paul .
As Google Inc. grows , so does its appetite for energy .
The Internet giant has taken the unusual step of applying for approval from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to become an electricity marketer , essentially giving it the authority to buy and sell bulk power at market prices , just the way large utilities and energy traders do .
The company , which made the application last month through its Google Energy LLC subsidiary , says the change will help it better manage supplies for its own operations and give it greater access to renewable energy sources .
The move offers an indication of just how much electricity large tech firms now consume in order to run their sprawling networks of servers and mainframes .
Although more than 1,500 companies currently have status as energy marketers , the vast majority are utilities or power generators .
The move is unusual for a tech company , though some industrial concerns that operate stores or factories , such as fixture - maker Kohler Co. , smelter Alcoa Inc. and grocer Safeway Inc , have approval from FERC .
Google 's power usage is unclear ; it does n't disclose how many data centers it operates or where each is located .
Last April , it said its data centers were the most efficient in the world , so far as it was able to determine , but declined to say how much power it actually uses .
With just days to go until a Monday deadline , New York Times Executive Editor Bill Keller yesterday confirmed that he was unlikely to get 100 newsroom volunteers to accept buyouts — meaning he ’ll wield the layoff ax for the second time in two years .
Sources said the newsroom was in a state of high anxiety this week because of chatter that just 50 unionized editorial workers from the Newspaper Guild are expected to step forward for voluntary buyouts by the deadline of close of business Monday .
“ We will not know until then exactly how many Guild and excluded employees have opted to take buyouts , but it is almost certain the number will fall short of the 100 we need , ” Keller said in a memo to staff yesterday .
“ If that is indeed the case , as we expect , we will be forced to resort to some number of layoffs . ”
Keller said in the memo that he would meet with Guild members next week to identify those getting cut , and then inform those employees the following week .
Keller has said the cuts must be made before year - end .
“ How about some of the masthead taking a bullet for the sake of the staff , ” suggested one insider who hopes to survive .
Indeed ,
Times management can volunteer for a buyout , though sources said that package is n’t nearly as generous as the one offered to Guild members , which guarantees pay of up to two years for longtime employees .
As The Post reported yesterday , longtime business reporter Geraldine Fabrikant is among those expected to take a buyout .
In addition , Alex Berenson , who is about to publish his fourth espionage thriller “ The Midnight House ” in February , and is believed to command mid- to high - six - figure advances for each new book , is also considering taking a buyout .
“ I am likely leaving , though I have n’t signed anything yet , ” he said .
“ I ’m now writing one novel a year , and that does n’t leave a lot of time for the paper .
Basically , my night job turned into my day job when I was n’t looking . ”
Jonathan Glater , who covers law for the Times , is also taking the buyout .
A message on his Times voicemail said his last day will be Dec. 9 .
The Washington bureau will lose at least four veteran reporters , sources said , including Neil Lewis , David Johnston , David Stout and Stephen Labaton .
Metro section reporter Ralph Blumenthal and business reporter Louis Uchitelle are also expected to leave the paper .
Brendan Smialowski for The New York Times
The White House on Wednesday invoked the separation of powers to keep Desiree Rogers , President Obama ’s social secretary , from testifying on Capitol Hill about how a couple of aspiring reality television show celebrities crashed a state dinner for the prime minister of India last week .
And the couple will not testify , either , according to a statement released late Wednesday by a public relations firm .
The statement says that the Virginia couple , Michaele and Tareq Salahi , have provided to the Secret Service and to the ranking members of the House committee conducting the hearing “ all relevant e-mails and cellphone records that detail communications with a White House official , ” and can do nothing else to help in the inquiry .
That evidence , the statement says , shows that no laws were broken , that White House protocol “ was either deficient or mismanaged ” and that there were “ honest misunderstandings and mistakes made by all parties involved . ”
Earlier Wednesday at his regular briefing with reporters , Mr. Obama ’s press secretary , Robert Gibbs , said Ms. Rogers would not testify .
“ I think you know that , based on separation of powers , staff here do n’t go to testify in front of Congress , ’’ he said .
“ She wo n’t — she will not be testifying in front of Congress . ’’
Mr. Gibbs also said the flap over the unauthorized intruders has prompted the White House to change its procedures ; from now on , a representative of the social secretary ’s office will be stationed at Secret Service checkpoints for major social events in case questions arise .
The White House deputy chief of staff , Jim Messina , conducted a review and issued a directive to the staff .
“ After reviewing our actions , it is clear that the White House did not do everything we could have done to assist the United States Secret Service in ensuring that only invited guests enter the complex , ’’ Mr. Messina wrote in the memo , posted on the White House web site late Wednesday afternoon .
“ White House staff were walking back and forth outside between the check points helping guests and were available to the Secret Service throughout the evening , but clearly we can do more , and we will do more . ’’
The memo was the first admission by the White House of failures on the part of its own staff , and it came as scrutiny intensified on the social office and Ms. Rogers , its director .
The House Homeland Security Committee is conducting a hearing on Thursday into the security lapse ; Representative Peter T. King of New York , who is the senior Republican on the panel , had wanted Ms. Rogers to testify and criticized the administration for not allowing her to be a witness .
White Houses have often tried to prevent top advisers to the president from testifying on Capitol Hill ; the Bush administration worked assiduously to prevent Karl Rove , the top political strategist to former President George W. Bush , from talking to lawmakers under oath about the firing of federal prosecutors .
That sparked an intense fight between the Bush administration and Democrats on Capitol Hill .
Now , it is the Republicans ’ turn to balk .
Mr. King on Wednesday called Ms. Rogers ’ decision not to testify “ stonewalling ” that would cause an “ unnecessary confrontation with Congress . ”
“ I do n’t want the Secret Service to be taking the hit here , what went wrong was the responsibility of the White House , ” he said , adding , “ for them not to be here just raises real questions . ”
The director of the Secret Services , Mark Sullivan , is the only witness confirmed for tomorrow morning ’s hearing .
Even before the Salahis ’ public relations firm released its statement , Mr. King said he thought it would be unlikely that the couple would appear at tomorrow ’s hearing .
“ They ’d be crazy to testify , ” he said , after meeting with the lawyers .
“ Their story , if they testify , would just not hold up . ”
He said the couple has switched legal advisers from Paul Gardner , an entertainment lawyer , to a powerful Wall Street firm , Dewey & LeBoeuf .
The office of the committee ’s chairman , Representative Bennie Thompson , would not comment on the couple ’s apparent decision not to appear .
Already the glamorous and successful Ms. Rogers – she possesses a Harvard M.B.A. and was a powerful social player in Chicago before joining the Obama White House — is taking a hit in the press for being more interested in showcasing herself in fashion magazines than in the traditional , behind - the - scenes role of the White House social secretary .
During the White House briefing , Mr. Gibbs answered a series of questions about Ms. Rogers ’ role as the social secretary :
Q. Has there been any concern about Desiree Rogers ’ performance prior to this instance ?
Mr. Gibbs : No. Q. No one has questioned the president or told the president that she is a very last - minute person , poor planner ?
Mr. Gibbs :
No , I think you — you all have been to and seen , either whether you ’re part of a pool , whether some of you ’ve been to receptions , the remarkable work that they have done in pulling off a lot of events here .
The first family is quite pleased with her performance , and I ’ve heard nothing uttered of what you talked about .
Q. Well , what about the issues of her being in fashion spreads early on in the administration ?
Did you put the brakes on that ?
I mean , that is — it ’s been raised .
It ’s now public .
It ’s — you know , you saw it in the magazines , her pictorials .
You saw her on the cover of — Mr. Gibbs :
There ’s a — I get Sports Illustrated in my house .
The brouhaha over how the Salahis managed to talk their way into the dinner has been a major distraction for the White House at a time when Mr. Obama is trying to focus on the economy , health care and the war in Afghanistan .
At his briefing on Wednesday , Mr. Gibbs finally cut off the questions , declaring , “ I ’m going to get back to weightier topics , like 98,000 men and women in Afghanistan . ’’
" I was speechless and my first reaction was to ask , ' Do you think I 'm a terrorist ? ' , " he said .
" He replied ' no ' and said that was why he told me about it , adding that it was extraordinary and the first time it had happened on an Air France plane . "
The cameras led to more than 700,000 tickets to drivers going 11 miles per hour or more over the speed limit from September 2008 to September 2009 , the most recent data available , according to the Department of Public Safety .
The mandated fines and surcharges on all those tickets would total more than $ 127 million , but they had generated just $ 36.8 million through September , Lieutenant King said .
Some of the people who got those tickets are contesting them in court and could end up having to pay the fine , but many of them have gone unpaid because drivers know they have a good shot at getting away with ignoring them .
When people get tickets , they can pay without question , request a court date and fight the ticket , or simply ignore the ticket because law enforcement cannot prove they received it .
The ticket becomes invalid if a violator who ignores it is not served in person within three months .
It is nearly impossible to say how many people have ignored their tickets because courts do not track the figure .
Whatever the figure , overtaxed process servers cannot get to most of those people , and many of the citations go unpaid .
That is part of the reason the speed cameras have not made as much money as expected .
While certain to increase , that $ 36.8 million in revenue through September will still fall far below the $ 120 million a year that former Gov. Janet Napolitano hoped to put in the state ’s coffers when she ordered up the program in early 2007 .
The camera operator , Redflex , may not even be breaking even .
It cost the company $ 16 million to install the cameras , and it got back $ 4.6 million from September 2008 to June , Lieutenant King said .
Last Sunday we drove up to Rick Warren 's Saddleback Church in Orange County , a collection of affluent , politically conservative suburbs south of LA .
The model of a modern megachurch , Saddleback boasts over 112,000 " unchurched occasional attenders " as well as 22,800 active members – many initiated in the temperature - controlled baptismal pools on its 120 - acre campus .
Megachurches are market - driven .
They study demographic data and plan marketing schemes tailored to their local target audiences .
The oft - cited example of a target profile , developed by Warren , is Saddleback Sam : " A well - educated young urban professional … [ he ] is interested in health and fitness … but is overextended in time and money , and is stressed out .
He carries a lot of debt , especially due to the price of his home .
He is married to Samantha , and they have two kids , Steve and Sally . "
Judging from Saddleback 's promotional literature , Sam and Samantha have an insatiable appetite for therapy and self - improvement .
Saddleback offers a generic " Celebrate Recovery " programme and customised support groups for " ADD Adults , " " Diabetics in God " , " Families with Incarcerated Loved Ones " and victims of other ills .
We entered the Worship Centre , an immense auditorium shell , where Warren was preaching from a stage at the front , where an altar might have been .
Saddleback assiduously avoided traditionally churchy architecture , costume and decor .
Its campus was relentlessly quotidian , designed to suggest the shopping malls and office parks where members spent their time during the week .
Warren described Saddleback 's programme for " spiritual growth " , with numbered headings .
Spiritual growth , he explained , was ( 1 ) a lifelong process , ( 2 ) measured by obedience , ( 3 ) based on God 's word and ( 4 ) would set me free .
Free from what ?
From habits , hurts and hang - ups , from painful memories , worry , bitterness and guilt .
How would I achieve that ?
According to Warren , Jesus had the plan .
At Saddleback , he assured us , we would learn to follow his plan " systematically , sequentially and in a process " through the classes Saddleback offered .
This is the future of middle - class US Christianity , according to the latest American Religious Identification Survey ( Aris ) .
If the trend identified in the Aris study continues , we will see a country divided between conservative evangelical Christians and secular liberals – the latter hostile to religious belief , identified with evangelical Christianity .
This is bad news because popular evangelical Christianity is religiously vacuous .
It is directed to secular ends which , arguably , should be promoted by secular means .
Saddleback is religion for people who do n't like religion : transcendence is not on the menu .
Although almost half of Americans say they have had a religious experience , mysticism is likely a recondite taste .
For the minority who have that taste – who seek God as an object of contemplation – Saddleback has nothing .
Evangelical and mainline churches promote activism and are contemptuous of navel - gazing .
As a navel - gazer , I was depressed by Saddleback .
It seemed the butt end of Christianity : stripped of history and icon­ography , wholly immersed in its secular surroundings , constructed according to a business model and promoted by motivational speakers – bland , cheerful , dull .
We drove away , past immaculate housing estates and strip malls iterating chain restaurants and shops , replicated in every suburb from coast to coast .
I wondered why anyone would want to live in that charmless place , much less to get more of the same at church .
Do The CRU E-mails Change The IPCC Conclusions On The late 19 th , 20th and early 21st Century Surface Temperature Trends ?
Does The CRU Data ( and thus the IPCC ) Overstate The Magnitude Of Global Warming ?
The answer to the first question is NO .
The answer to the second question is YES .
There has been a lot of speculation that the exposure of the inappropriate handling of the surface temperature data at CRU means that the IPCC conclusion of the late 19th , 20th , and early 21st century surface temperature trends will be changed .
Also , that the missing instrumental data means that the raw data from which these trends were reported is lost .
However , neither of these conclusions are true .
The other centers ( GISS ; NCDC , and presumably the Japanese analysis ) draw from essentially the same set of raw data .
This was reported in the report CCSP 1.1 , where it is written on page 51
“ While there are fundamental differences in the methodology used to create the surface data sets , the differing techniques with the same data produce almost the same results ( Vose et al. , 2005a ) .
The small differences in deductions about climate change derived from the surface data sets are likely to be due mostly to differences in construction methodology and global averaging procedures . ”
Thus , since these other data analyses remain , the IPCC conclusion on the long - term trends will be unchanged ( see also ) .
However , there are fundamental remaining issues with all of these surface temperature analyses , as we reported in detail in
Pielke Sr. , R.A. , C. Davey , D. Niyogi , S. Fall , J. Steinweg - Woods , K. Hubbard , X. Lin , M. Cai , Y.- K. Lim , H. Li , J. Nielsen - Gammon , K. Gallo , R. Hale , R. Mahmood , S. Foster , R.T. McNider , and P. Blanken , 2007 : Unresolved issues with the assessment of multi-decadal global land surface temperature trends .
J. Geophys .
Res. , 112 , D24S08 , doi:10.1029/2006JD008229 ,
which have not been adequately addressed by any of these analysis centers .
These include the lack of quantitative assessment of the statistical uncertainty associated with the time of observation bias and change of instrumentation , and of the degree of dependence imposed when “ homogenizing ” nearby observing sites .
There are also systematic ( i.e. non-random ) effects introduced into the surface air temperature from non-climatic site exposures ( e.g. see ) .
I understand that the CRU analyses are going to be redone from the raw data ( e.g. see ) .
If this is correct , and I hope it is , than each step for every site must be clearly documented and traceable .
Photographs of the quality of each location must be a requirement ( with all historical photographs sought out also ) .
It is only with this information that a truly open scientific assessment can be achieved .
There is also the issue of attribution of actual climate forcings with respect to reported surface temperature trends .
The diagnosis of an average land surface temperature anomaly is motivated by the IPCC focus on the global average surface temperature trend as the primary metric to assess the global average radiative forcing .
However , there are other effects besides changes in radiative forcing that can alter the long - term surface temperature , of which land use change , concurrent trends in surface air water vapor content , and aerosols have been shown exert a major influences .
For example , see
Fall , S. , D. Niyogi , A. Gluhovsky , R. A. Pielke Sr. , E. Kalnay , and G. Rochon , 2009 : Impacts of land use land cover on temperature trends over the continental United States : Assessment using the North American Regional Reanalysis .
Int. J. Climatol. , DOI : 10.1002/joc.1996 .
where we documented that systematic increases in surface air temperature resulted in the USA for most landscape conversions ,
Fall , S. , N. Diffenbaugh , D. Niyogi , R.A. Pielke Sr. , and G. Rochon , 2009 : Temperature and equivalent temperature over the United States ( 1979 – 2005 ) .
Int. J. Climatol. , submitted .
where we document effects on surface air temperature due to concurrent trends in water vapor content ,
and
Yan Huang , Robert E. Dickinson , and William L. Chameides , 2006 : Impact of aerosol indirect effect on surface temperature over East Asia .
PNAS 2006 103:4371-4376 ; published online before print March 14 , 2006 , doi:10.1073/pnas.0504428103
where they write in their abstract
“ A regional coupled climate–chemistry –aerosol model is developed to examine the impacts of anthropogenic aerosols on surface temperature and precipitation over East Asia .
Besides their direct and indirect reduction of short - wave solar radiation , the increased cloudiness and cloud liquid water generate a substantial downward positive long - wave surface forcing ; consequently , nighttime temperature in winter increases by +0.7 °C , and the diurnal temperature range decreases by −0.7 °C averaged over the industrialized parts of China .
Confidence in the simulated results is limited by uncertainties in model cloud physics .
However , they are broadly consistent with the observed diurnal temperature range decrease as reported in China , suggesting that changes in downward long - wave radiation at the surface are important in understanding temperature changes from aerosols . “
These studies , and that of other climate scientists , indicate that the use of the surface temperature trends ( from CRU , GISS and NCDC ) as a diagnostic for heating changes for the entire climate system ( i.e. global warming ) will overstate the actual change that can be attributed to the radiative effect due to the increase of the well mixed greenhouse gases , since part of the increase in surface air temperature in the late 19th , 20th and early 21st century is due to land use change , concurrent water vapor trends , and atmospheric aerosols .
Our new paper
Klotzbach , P.J. , R.A. Pielke Sr. , R.A. Pielke Jr. , J.R. Christy , and R.T. McNider , 2009 : An alternative explanation for differential temperature trends at the surface and in the lower troposphere .
J. Geophys .
Res. , 114 , D21102 , doi:10.1029/2009JD011841 ( see for corrigendum )
documents the magnitude of the warm bias by examining the divergence in trends over time between the surface air and lower tropospheric temperature trends .
Our latest estimate of the bias is presented in Table 2 of
Klotzbach , P.J. , R.A. Pielke Sr. , R.A. Pielke Jr. , J.R. Christy , and R.T. McNider , 2009 : Corrigendum to : “ An alternative explanation for differential temperature trends at the surface and in the lower troposphere .
J. Geophys .
Res. , 114 , D21102 , doi:10.1029/2009JD011841 ″ , J. Geophys .
Res. , submitted .
This bias means that the magnitude of the positive global average surface temperature trend since at least 1979 that was reported in the 2007 IPCC report as well as the global average surface temperature anomalies reported yesterday by the WMO at the Copenhagen meeting ( e.g. see ) are too large .
December 14 , 2009 - Valve , creators of best - selling game franchises ( such as Half - Life , Portal , Team Fortress , and Counter - Strike ) and leading technologies ( such as Steam and Source ) , today announced the first game add - on for its co-operative zombie thriller , Left 4 Dead 2 ( L4D2 ) , is in development and targeted for release in early 2010 .
Dubbed " The Passing , " the first game add - on for L4D2 brings the original Left 4 Dead ( L4D1 ) Survivors down south for a meeting with the L4D2 cast , while delivering new single - player , multiplayer and co-operative gameplay for the PC and Xbox 360 .
Targeted for release in early spring , " The Passing " takes place just after the Dead Center campaign of L4D2 .
Set in a small town in rural Georgia , players assume the role of the L4D2 Survivors as they meet with the L4D1 characters .
In addition to the new co-operative campaign and associated narrative , " The Passing " will include new arenas for Survival , Versus and Scavenge mode and introduce a new co-operative challenge mode of play .
The Passing will also include a new " uncommon common " zombie class , melee weapon , and firearm .
" The Passing will become the most important campaign in the Left 4 Dead story , as all the Survivors are being called together in one campaign , " said Doug Lombardi , VP of marketing at Valve .
" It will also be a huge offering of new gameplay content , with something new for every game mode plus a new uncommon common and weaponry .
" Exclusively available for the Xbox 360 and PC , L4D2 sets a new benchmark for co-operative action games .
The title adds melee combat to enable deeper co-operative gameplay , with items such as a chainsaws , frying pans , axes , baseball bats , and more .
With the AI Director 2.0 , L4D 's dynamic gameplay is taken to the next level by giving the Director the ability to procedurally change weather effects , world objects , and pathways in addition to tailoring the enemy population , effects , and sounds to match the players ' performance .
The result is a unique game session custom fitted to provide a satisfying and uniquely challenging experience each time the game is played .
Finally , with new Survivors , boss zombies , weapons , and items , Left 4 Dead 2 offers a much larger game than the original , featuring more co-operative campaigns , more Versus campaigns , new Survival maps , and the new competitive game mode , Scavenge .
Left 4 Dead 2 : The Passing is targeted for release in early spring for the PC and Xbox 360 .
Pricing will be announced closer to launch .
For more information , please visit www.l4d.com
I talk with Joan McCarter from the Daily Kos about what the heck is going on in the Senate .
Joan has been following the ins and outs of the Healthcare legislation with posts two or three times per day .
This is clearly worth a listen .
Update from McJoan :
According to USA Today , there ’s a new , influential voice pushing reconciliation to get a healthcare reform bill passed .
USA TODAY ’s Washington bureau chief Susan Page reports that John Podesta , president of the Center for American Progress and the former head of President Obama ’s transition , said some Democrats may be taking another look at the so - called reconciliation process , a budget procedure that would let Democrats pass a health care bill with only 51 votes … .
The issue , Podesta said , is whether Lieberman “ is trying to get to ‘ no ’ ” on health care .
He said Democratic congressional leaders were surprised by Lieberman ’s negative language Sunday on the emerging Democratic plan .
“ I suspect musty folders on reconciliation got dusted off this morning ” on Capitol Hill in the wake of Lieberman ’s comments .
“ If you do n’t have Lieberman and you do n’t have Nelson , the question is whether you can get Snowe and Collins . ”
He said the Democrats were “ very close ” to 60 and might still be able to get there .
On Lieberman : “ I ’ve given up on him ” — that is , on trying to figure out what he will do .
Snowe says that she ’ll only support a bill if they slow things down ( because being at the heart of negotiations in the Finance committee for the past year , and being one of the bipartisan Gang of Six that drug on , and on , and on , and on , and knowing this bill inside and out just has n’t given her enough time to make up her mind ) .
Collins is n’t going anywhere Snowe does n’t go first .
Nelson still wants his abortion amendment .
Figure out enough compromises to make any of the “ moderates ” happy enough to get to 60 , and you risk losing progressives , particulary Brown ( who personally invested a great deal in the compromise Lieberman just blew up ) , Sanders , Feingold , and Burris .
You also risk losing a 218 majority in the House .
Let ’s hope that those musty folders are being dusted off , because there very well may be no other way to achieve this .
And let ’s hope the issue compromises a large part of the discussion in the Senate Dem caucus meeting this afternoon .
'' However , the Government needs to ensure that measures to protect this right also take into account the need to be proportionate in its counter - terrorism proposals and ensure that they are justified by evidence and effectiveness . ''
Evolutionary psychologists tell us that one of the reasons why women find masculinity attractive is that high testosterone is a sign of a strong immune system .
A strong immune system , in turn , in a sign of good genes and childhood development ( testosterone is an immunosuppressant and only men with good genes can overcome its drawbacks ) .
These strong square - jawed macho men are n’t necessarily good dads : they ’re more likely to be uncooperative , combative , and aggressive .
But they may offer good genetic material for your kids , depending on the circumstances .
So how do you prove that women equate masculinity with good genes and healthy immune systems ( subconsciously , at least ) ?
An indirect approach was taken by Lisa DeBruine and her colleagues at the Face Research Lab at the University of Aberdeen .
( The Lab conducts many fascinating studies on attraction , some of which I reference in BLONDES . )
In this new study , DeBruine recruited 345 women of all ages to rate faces .
The faces were digitally altered , and ranged from very masculine to very feminine .
Participants also completed a test called the Three - Domain Disgust scale , designed to measure moral disgust ( deceiving a friend ) , sexual disgust ( hearing strangers have sex ) , and pathogen disgust ( stepping on poop ) .
Turns out that women ’s preference for masculinity in male faces was correlated with disgust sensitivity to pathogens , but not in the moral and sexual domains .
( Yes , hypochondriacs do prefer macho men ! )
DeBruine speculates that in certain situations , such as disease - ridden environments , women are wired to prefer high - testosterone males .
The benefits of their good immune system genes are worth the tradeoff .
The testosterone - means - good - genes theory , anyway , may explain why women in disease - ridden environments are likelier to choose macho guys .
Explains DeBruine et al. :
Because a partner ’s heritable health is of greater value when pathogens are a greater concern , concern about pathogens is likely to also be a factor that contributes to the resolution of this tradeoff .
Cross-cultural differences in mate preferences and mating systems vary consistently with differences in pathogen prevalence .
When people from 29 different cultures were asked to rank a series of attributes based on how important they would be in a mate , people in areas with a high prevalence of pathogens ranked physical attractiveness higher than people in areas with a relatively low prevalence of pathogens did .
Also consistent with these
findings , rural Jamaican women prefer masculinity more than British women do …
So do hypochondriacs , fearful of disease , marry more macho men ( e.g. self - professed hypochondriac Susie Essman and her new husband ? )
As environments become more sterile , will we prefer men with softer , sweeter faces and personalities ?
Or will the next swine flu outbreak inspire us to pursue pigs ?
Dutch architect Koen Olthuis says it 's better for a country that 's threatened by water to learn how to live with it than fight against it - an approach that is central to his work .
The Netherlands are one of the most densely populated yet also flattest countries in Europe .
The offices of Olthuis ' firm are beneath sea-level , as is about a third of the terrain in the Netherlands .
Water must constantly be pumped back into the sea .
" We pump away about as much water daily as Tokyo and its surroundings use in a year - an incredible amount , " said Olthuis , who decided to specialize in water architecture .
Making flooding valuable
The architect and his team have developed a concept for their country 's future :
If the Dutch eventually have to allow water to take over some of the nation 's coastal land surface , the wet area should be used for houses and apartments .
Dutch architect Koen Olthuis specializes in water architecture
Areas threatened by flooding account for about five percent of the Netherlands ' surface .
Currently , they are protected from being overtaken by the sea through the use of dams .
Keeping this land dry costs the nation billions annually .
Near The Hague , a joint public and private project called " Het Nieuwe Water " is underway , which foresees building 1,200 new buildings within the next eight to ten years .
Some of these are to be floating luxury apartments .
At present , though , there is little to be seen in the area - just a 2.5 - kilometer ( 1.5 - mile ) slushy field occupied by a few homes , greenhouses and a pond .
" First we will build , then we will allow the area to be flooded , " explained Paul van Zundert , an engineer , who will ensure that the residents do not encounter any problems once building begins .
" That will be the biggest challenge that arises from this new dual approach to using the water . "
The economic utility of the new buildings will hopefully compensate for the loss of the area 's greenhouses .
Floating neighborhoods
Architect Olthuis would eventually like to move with his wife and three kids to the flooded coastal area .
A single family home there will not be more expensive than a traditional home , he pointed out .
" People are n't interested in having to pay even extra to live on the water .
So the only way to go about things is to make the cost of living on the water match that of living on land , " he said .
Depending on how it is equipped , a floating house will cost several hundred thousand euros .
The new generation of floating houses has little to do with traditional house boats .
Olthuis foresees large platforms which contain everything that belongs in a conventional neighborhood : streets , greenery and rows of houses .
" Climate change is causing water to take up space in cities - area that cities can't afford to give up , " said the architect .
Water collecting in a city center is worthless , he added , but if it can be used as a building site , then it becomes valuable .
The idea is taking hold abroad
Smaller houses may also be built to float on the water 's surface
By using flexible tubes , the floating platforms will be provided with electricity and hooked up to the sewage system .
Oil platforms currently use similar technologies .
But the plans go beyond just building houses on the water .
According to Olthuis , the company Waterstudio .NL has already received requests from foreigners interested in floating water parks or golf courses .
The city of Seoul has inquired about a floating park for its downtown area .
There is no land available in the area , but there is a river that runs through the city .
And a floating mosque in Dubai is also in the works .
The mosque will only be reachable by boat , and it is equipped for local climate conditions .
" We will pump sea water through the walls of the structure so as to cool the building from 50 to 30 degrees Celsius .
That will save a lot of energy , " Olthuis said .
Author : Susanne Henn ( gw )
Editor : Kate Bowen
In a rebuke to government prosecutors , a federal judge dismissed criminal charges against five Blackwater security guards accused of fatally shooting 14 people in Baghdad in September 2007 .
Judge Ricardo Urbina said on Thursday prosecutors violated the defendants ’ rights by using incriminating statements they had made under immunity during a State Department probe to build their case .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The government used the defendants ’ compelled statements to guide its charging decisions , to formulate its theory of the case , to develop investigatory leads , and ultimately to obtain the indictment in the case , ” Urbina ruled .
“ In short , the government had utterly failed to prove that it made no impermissible use of the defendants ’ statements , or that such use was harmless beyond a reasonable doubt . ”
The security guards had been “ compelled ” to provide the incriminating evidence during a Justice Department probe , the court said , but the US Constitution bars the prosecutors from using “ statements compelled under threat of a job loss ” in any subsequent criminal prosecution .
The case was among the most sensational that sought to hold Blackwater employees accountable for what was seen as a culture of lawlessness and a lack of accountability as it carried out its duties in Iraq .
The five guards , who had been part of a convoy of armored vehicles , had been charged with killing 14 unarmed Iraqi civilians and wounding 18 others during an unprovoked attack at a busy Baghdad traffic circle using gunfire and grenades .
ADVERTISEMENT
The men had faced firearms charges , and up to 10 years in jail on each of 14 manslaughter counts .
US prosecutors had alleged that the guards “ specifically intended to kill or seriously injure Iraqi civilians , ” and according to court documents alleged that one of the guards told another that he wanted to kill Iraqis as “ payback for 9/11 , ” bragging about the number of Iraqis he had shot .
Urbina explained in his opinion that federal prosecutors were offered an opportunity during a three - week hearing that began in mid-October 2009 to prove that they had not made use of the defendants ’ statements in building its case and were unable to do so .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The explanations offered by the prosecutors and investigators in an attempt to justify their actions … were all too often contradictory , unbelievable and lacking in credibility , ” Urbina wrote .
He added : “ The court must dismiss the indictments against all of the defendants . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The five defendants were security guards employed by Blackwater Worldwide , which since has been renamed a Xe Corporation .
Attorneys for the guards have said they did not fire their weapons with criminal intent but thought they were under attack .
But critics repeatedly have accused the company of a Rambo - style “ shoot first , ask questions later ” approach when carrying out security duties in Iraq .
ADVERTISEMENT
A State Department review panel in 2007 concluded that there had been insufficient US government oversight of private security firms hired in Iraq to protect diplomats and to guard facilities .
The panel found that as a result there was an “ undermined confidence ” in those contractors , both among Iraqis and US military commanders .
This video is from Wavy.com , published Dec. 31 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
With AFP
You ’re facing a big challenge at work and ca n’t come up with any innovative ideas .
Maybe your business is flagging or a particular area in your personal life has stalled .
Either way , you could really use fresh new ideas to spice things up .
In situations like these it ’s tempting to go seek help from the experts .
After all , someone much more knowledgeable should be the best source of ideas , right ?
Well , maybe not .
The Problem with Experts
Experts need to specialize .
They need to draw boundaries around their subjects so they can narrow their focus and be as effective as possible in their fields .
This ‘ compartmentalization in thinking ’ is immensely useful in speeding up problem solving .
It also means experts usually fall short in stretching their thinking beyond their areas of expertise , and as such fail to see the big picture .
Michael Michalko puts it well in his book Thinkertoys : “ It ’s like brushing one tooth .
You get to know that one tooth extremely well , but you lose the rest of them in the process . ”
But it gets worse : experts may not only miss obvious solutions , but they may actually cause harm , forcing inadequate solutions that fall within their area of expertise .
“ To the man who only has a hammer , everything he encounters begins to look like a nail ” , psychologist Abraham Maslow wisely remarked .
Although experts are often useful , when it comes to innovation you may actually be better off without them .
An Alternative : Embrace The Nonexperts Around You
The alternative to talking to experts is — drum roll — talking to nonexperts , of course .
Regular people around you .
Your soccer buddies .
The garbage collector .
Uncle Bob .
It does n’t matter who : anyone outside your field , anyone who ’s strange to the problem — anyone who “ does n’t know the rules ” will do .
Regular people — nonexperts — do n’t have enough experience to know where to draw boundaries : they ’re unaware of limitations or “ how things are supposed to work ” .
In their naïveté , they ’ll miss many constraints and assumptions you take for granted — which is exactly the point .
These are the people who will most likely spark fresh new ideas for you .
They can genuinely think outside the box : for them , there ’s no box .
We have a tendency to always go after more specialized people for getting help in our problems — and that works in many cases .
But for creative endeavors , perhaps all you need is someone who knows less .
The great news is that there is no shortage of nonexperts around you .
Everyone is a nonexpert at most things .
All you need is to know how to tap into their non-expertise in the area you need help .
Here are 3 tips to help .
1. Meet Different Kinds of People — Lots of Them !
To build a solid network of idea - generating friends , first and foremost you need to strive for diversity .
It does n’t matter if you have 500 peers to draw ideas from if everybody else ’s mind is the same : it ’s not a matter of how many people you know , it ’s how many kinds .
Resist the temptation to seek advice only from people who think alike : it ’s comfortable , I know , but it hinders you from fully expanding your mind .
Go out and mix with people with diverse interests for a change !
Getting in touch with many different perspectives is guaranteed to keep your creative juices flowing ( and as a bonus you become a much more interesting person in the process ! ) .
Find out how different people would tackle your problem .
How would a nurse do it ?
A 5 - year - old child ?
An economist ?
Your mom ?
Never miss the opportunity to have casual conversations with strangers .
The butcher , the old lady ahead of you in the line and the ice cream vendor are all sources of potentially useful ideas .
Even if you do n’t discuss your particular problem directly ( which of course may not always be a sensible thing to do ) , discovering different perspectives about random life subjects is useful in itself to spark new ideas .
2. Seek Out Idea - Oriented People
Having an abundant circle of relationships always comes first , but after striving for quantity , you now need to make sure you have quality relationships too !
There ’s a certain breed of people that you ’ll always benefit from having around : it ’s the kind of thinkers that spark your imagination whenever you talk to them .
You know who they are :
They love original ideas and use them in their businesses and lives .
They are relentlessly curious and pay attention to the world around them .
They may be naïve about your business , but are not stupid or ignorant of the things that matter .
They have great wits and challenge the absurdity in things .
Make a list of people who you know have those traits and arrange to spend more time with them .
Never let too much time pass without staying in touch with them .
Discuss your challenges and ask for ideas — or just engage in idle chatting ( which also sparks a torrent of ideas in itself ) .
Having such vibrant people around you is invaluable for your creativity and too fun to miss out .
3. Engage in “ Fool Mode ” ( Assume Everybody ’s a Genius )
This is a fun technique I use sometimes .
I like to call it “ Fool Mode ” .
When I ’m in “ fool mode ” , everybody knows the solutions to my problems .
Everybody is a genius — except me .
In fact , not only do they know the solution I ’m looking for , but they may be already giving it away — the only caveat being they ’re talking in riddles — so it ’s my job to figure it out !
Adopting the fool ’s mindset works great because it checks our tendency to kill ideas before giving them at least some thought .
Think about this :
When someone presents us an idea we ca n’t see the use for , our tendency is to dismiss it immediately , labeling it a ‘ stupid idea ’ .
Now what if the other person were a well - known genius — like , say , Einstein ?
Would you not consider paying a little more attention to what he would have to say ?
Of course you would !
It ’s in that thinking — trying to force relationships between seemingly unrelated ideas — that your breakthrough idea may lie .
Being in “ fool mode ” is also fun and teaches important lessons :
You open your mind to the world .
You temporarily suspend judgment and let go of any intellectual arrogance you may have .
You assume everybody has something to contribute — and what you come to realize , of course , is that they do .
In Closing
You should n’t expect random people to actually solve a complex problem they do n’t know about .
But , if you have an open mind and are willing to listen , they can spark off a torrent of fresh new ideas , which may be just enough for you to solve the problem yourself .
So , by all means do n’t dismiss experts .
They have more experience and can often help you .
But do n’t forget that the great innovative ideas are usually elsewhere .
The solution you ’re looking for may be with your neighbor or with weird uncle Bob — you just need to go get it .
Related Posts
Consider the following two lists of names :
Group 1 Group 2 Pierre - Joseph Proudhon
Josiah Warren
Stephen Pearl Andrews
Ezra Heywood
Anselme Bellegarrigue
Lysander Spooner
Benjamin Tucker
Francis D. Tandy
John Henry Mackay
Voltairine de Cleyre ( early )
Franz Oppenheimer Gustave de Molinari
Herbert Spencer ( early )
Auberon Herbert
Wordsworth Donisthorpe
Rose Wilder Lane
Robert LeFevre
Murray Rothbard
David Friedman
Randy Barnett
Samuel E. Konkin 3.0
Hans -Hermann Hoppe
It ’s obvious what the two lists have in common : all the names on both lists belong to thinkers who have favoured radically free markets and the abolition of the state – hence , one might infer , market anarchists .
But it ’s quite common in left - anarchist circles to insist that while the Group 1 thinkers are genuine anarchists , those in Group 2 are not true anarchists at all – on the grounds that true anarchists must oppose not only the state but also capitalism .
Group 1 , we ’re told , is commendably anti-capitalist and so authentically anarchist ; but the members of Group 2 exclude themselves from the anarchist ranks by their advocacy of capitalism .
( I ’m not sure into which group geolibs like Albert J. Nock and Frank Chodorov , or migrating thinkers like Karl Hess , are supposed to fall , so I left their names off . )
I am not a fan , needless to say , of this putative distinction between “ true ” and “ false ” market anarchists .
I plan to criticise the case for the distinction in fuller detail on a future occasion ; for now I ’ll limit myself to two major points .
First : those who draw this distinction are hardly ever market anarchists themselves .
They are more often anarcho - communists or anarcho - collectivists who regard both Group 1 and Group 2 as making unacceptable concessions to economic individualism .
( Indeed they often dismiss even their favoured Group 1 – apart from Proudhon , anyway – as “ Stirnerites , ” even though most of the Group 1 thinkers developed their views independently of Max Stirner ; in fact even Tucker , the clearest “ Stirnerite ” of the lot , was already a committed market anarchist before he ’d ever encountered Stirner ’s ideas . )
When anti-market anarchists propose to decide who is and who is n’t a genuine market anarchist , it ’s a bit like Christians demanding the right to adjudicate the dispute between Shi’ites and Sunnis .
( One suspects that some of the anti-market folks would really like to purge both groups of market anarchists , but the anarchist credentials of Group 1 are too well - established for that to be a practical solution . )
Rather than inquiring as to the opinions of anti-market anarchists , then , it would seem more relevant to know whether the Group 1 thinkers regarded Group 2 as fellow - anarchists or not .
And in fact such Group 2 luminaries as Molinari , Donisthorpe , and the early Spencer were indeed all hailed in the pages of Tucker ’s Liberty ( the chief American organ of individualist anarchism , which published most of the Group 1 writers ) as anarchists – and Herbert as a near - anarchist .
( Donisthorpe even wrote both for Liberty and for the journal of the Liberty and Property Defence League – thus bridging a supposedly unbridgeable ideological gulf . )
Thus America ’s leading Group 1 spokesman , while certainly critical of Group 2 thinkers on various points , apparently had no problem recognising them as fellow - anarchists .
( Compare also the largely favourable attitude today of Tuckerite Kevin Carson toward Rothbardians and Konkinites . )
Nor was this because Tucker was especially generous with the term “ anarchist . ”
On the contrary , Tucker withheld the term from anarcho - communists like Johann Most , Pëtr Kropotkin , and the Haymarket martyrs ; from Tucker ’s point of view , it was they , not the Spencerians , who were “ false ” anarchists .
Needless to say , I do n’t advocate following Tucker ’s example on this point ; one parochialism is no improvement over the other .
But the fact that the editor of Liberty – who always called his position “ consistent Manchesterism ” – felt less close to contemporary anarcho - communists than to the forerunners of “ anarcho - capitalism ” ( for surely Tucker ’s views on Molinari and the radical Spencerians seem like the best guide we could have to what his views would most likely have been on Rothbard , Friedman , etc. ) tells against the simplistic division of market anarchists into socialistic sheep and capitalistic goats .
( Indeed the contributors to Liberty cited Spencer as often as they did Proudhon ; while , for that matter , Karl Marx complained that Proudhon himself was more respectful toward quasi-anarchic classical liberals like Charles Dunoyer than toward revolutionary communists like Étienne Cabet . )
Second : it ’s thoroughly unclear by what criteria Group 1 and Group 2 are supposed to be distinguished .
Defenders of the dichotomy insist that Group 1 is “ anti-capitalist ” while Group 2 is “ pro-capitalist ” ; but in order for this to be a useful marker it needs to be substantive , not merely terminological .
The fact that Group 1 thinkers tend to use “ socialism ” as a virtue - word and “ capitalism ” as a vice - word , while Group 2 thinkers tend to do the reverse , by itself means little ; because the two groups clearly do not mean the same things by these terms .
Most Group 2 thinkers use the term “ capitalism ” to mean an unregulated free market , and use the term “ socialism ” to mean government control ; most Group 1 thinkers use those terms differently , but agree with their Group 2 counterparts in favouring free markets and opposing government control , by whatever names they may call them .
In Thomas Hobbes ’s words : “ Words are wise men ’s counters , they do but reckon by them ; but they are the money of fools . ”
Given the enormous variability in the use of the term “ capitalism , ” then , it will hardly do to base a crucial distinction among antistate thinkers on their attitudes to some undefined abstraction called “ capitalism . ”
We need to know what specific positions are supposed to divide Group 1 and Group 2 .
But it ’s awfully hard to find positions that divide the two groups in the desired way .
Is it their stand on the labour theory of value ?
Except insofar as that translates into policy differences , what difference does that make ?
Is it their stand on the wages system and the exploitation of labour by capital ?
By that standard , Group 2 thinkers Spencer , Konkin , and Friedman , who favoured abolition of wage labour , all belong in Group 1 , while Molinari and Donisthorpe , who favoured reforming the wages system to shift the power balance in workers ’ favour , fall somewhere between the two groups .
Is it their stand on land ownership and rent ?
By that standard Spencer , in rejecting land ownership entirely , is more “ socialistic ” than Tucker and so belongs in Group 1 , while Spooner , in endorsing absentee landlordism , is more “ capitalistic ” than Tucker and so belongs in Group 2 .
Is it their stand on protection agencies and private police as quasi - governmental ?
By that standard Tucker , Tandy , and Proudhon , who all favoured private police , belong in “ pseudo - anarchistic ” Group 2 , while LeFevre , who rejected all violence even for defensive purposes , would have to be moved to Group 1 .
Is it their stand on intellectual property ?
By that standard , IP fan Spooner would have to be assigned to the “ pro-property ” Group 2 , while most present - day Rothbardians , as IP foes , would need to be shifted to the “ anti- property ” Group 1 .
Is it their stand on the legitimacy of interest ?
Well , perhaps in the abstract ; but both sides tend to predict a drastic fall in the price of loans as the result of free competition in the credit industry ; and both deny that it will fall to zero .
Group 1 thinkers tend to call this nonzero residuum “ cost ” while Group 2 thinkers tend to call it “ interest ” ; ho-hum .
This seems a weak reed to burden with so weighty a dichotomy .
None of the criteria I ’ve most often seen appealed to , then , seem to divide the two groups in the desired manner based on concrete positions .
I suspect what actually drives proponents of the purported dichotomy is no specific policy dispute but rather a general feeling that Group 2 ’s pro-market rhetoric is a cover for a rationalisation of the power relations that prevail in existing corporate capitalism , while Group 1 ’s likewise pro-market rhetoric – however misguided it may appear in the eyes of the dichotomists – is not .
And that perception in turn is based , I suspect , on the fact that Group 2 thinkers are more likely than Group 1 thinkers to fall into what Kevin Carson has labeled “ vulgar libertarianism , ” that is , the error of treating defenses of the free market as though they served to justify various features of the prevailing not - so - free order .
Now it ’s true enough that Group 2 is more liable to this unfortunate tendency than is Group 1 .
But :
a ) few Group 2 thinkers commit the error consistently ;
b ) some Group 2 thinkers ( e.g. Konkin , or 1960s Rothbard – or Hess , if he counts as Group 2 ) do n’t seem to commit it much at all ;
c ) vulgar - libbin ’ seems no worse an error , no stronger a reason to kick somebody out of the anarchist club , than , say , Proudhon ’s egregious misogyny and anti-Semitism ; and
d ) if confusing free markets with corporate capitalism is n’t grounds to disqualify anti-market anarchists ( who often seem to commit the same error in the opposite direction ) , why should it be grounds to disqualify vulgar - libbers ?
Hence I see no defensible grounds for accepting any dichotomy between Groups 1 and 2 .
They are all market anarchists – with various virtues and various flaws , but comrades all .
Global food supply is now threatened
The era of easy food is over
( Natural News )
The global deep freeze now striking North America , Europe , China and other regions may lead to severe food shortages and price hikes throughout 2010 .
Right now , rare freezing temperatures are destroying root crops in their ground , wiping out citrus orchards and devastating food producers around the world .
The upshot of it all ?
Expectandthroughout 2010 .
This global deep freeze is all part of thenow being unleashed on the planet due to human beings polluting the world and altering the atmosphere .
Scientists can't agree on whether the trend isor , but no one can argue that Rainfall and temperature patterns that used to be reliable are now going haywire .
Where there were once reliable seasonal rains , there are alternating periods offollowed by .
Where temperatures were once mild and predictable , they 're now fluctuating out of control , becoming too hot in the summer and too cold in the winter .
All this adds up tothat are now poised to have a real , noticeable impact on the global food supply .
" Sub - zero temperatures have made it impossible to extract some vegetables from the ground .
Producers of brussels sprouts and cabbages are all reporting problems with harvesting .
Cauliflowers are said to have turned to mush in the sustained frost , " says a story published in It goes on to report :
The UK Press Association also reports , " Food shortages are feared as it emerged that farmers are struggling to harvest vegetables in the big freeze , which will lead to higher food prices and damage small businesses . " ( http://www.google.com/hostednews/ukpress/art...
New is also surfacing that the world 's orange juice supply may now be destroyed : " Growers in the sunshine state fear an even worse arctic blast Sunday night will decimate their crop , which accounts for 40 - percent of the world 's orange juice supply . " ( http://www.necn.com/Boston/Nation/2010/01/10...
All this destruction of food is already causing prices to rise .
" Greengrocers in some of the worst - hit areas are reporting shortages , with the price of carrots and parsnips reportedly rising by 30 % in some small shops , " reportsSimilar reports are also coming out of China , which has been hit hard by freezing weather .
The global deep freeze now devastating crops around the world leads to one inescapable conclusion : .
They were already on the rise in 2009 , but thanks to the big winter freeze , they 're headed much , much higher this year .
This may be much more than a one - time crisis , too .
As reported in " For years , academics such as Tim Lang , Professor of Food Policy at City University , gave warning that we were ' sleepwalking ' into a future where our food security was likely to be seriously undermined , whether by natural disasters , rising fuel costs , climate change or the massive pressures placed on the global food system by a rising population . "
( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/foodanddrink/6958...
The fact is that .
And all three are coming to an end !
Unpredictable weather , in particular , is upon us right now .
In the years ahead , radical weather patterns will continue to compromise food production around the world .
Floods , freezes , hurricanes and droughts will all take their toll .
The result will beand decreased food supply During this crisis , more people will be forced to turn to low - cost processed foods that will further promote diseases like obesity , cancer and heart disease .
Fewer and fewer citizens of the world will be able to afford fresh , organic produce because it is precisely the fresh produce that 's more easily destroyed by radical weather events .
This means , of course , thatwill greatly increase in value , especially if it can produce food year round .
And that means people who own such parcels of land in Hawaii , California , Southern France , Mexico or even places like Peru or Ecuador will find their properties steadily increasing in value .
Wherever fresh food can be reliably produced in the years ahead , properties will tend to increase in value .
Land in areas hit by drought , floods or fossil water shortages , on the other hand , will collapse in value .
Some areas that used to be fertile farmland will turn to desert .
Others will suffer severe soil erosion from rains and storms .
by unpredictable weather events .
Since the 1940's , we 've lived in an age of .
But that food bubble is now collapsing , and as it does , it 's going to catch most people off guard .
Some will be able to compensate by simply paying much higher prices for the fresh food they need , but most people will not be able to afford to pay much more for food , so they 'll turn to processed , long - shelf - life food instead .
And before long , they will join the ranks of the diseased as a result .
Remember : Living food keeps you alive .
Dead food makes you dead .
The more fresh , living food you consume , the healthier you 'll be .
Sadly , our interference with the global climate is resulting in radical weather patterns that are destroying huge quantities of fresh produce , greatly reducing the supply of " living " food .
The alternative for individuals or families is to .
Grow as much as you can in your own gardens .
is the issue of the decade , I believe , and those who do n't have the ability to grow at least some portion of their own diet may find themselves in an increasingly difficult position in 2010 and beyond .
One of the sticking points in the negotiations between Conan O'Brien and NBC is a custody battle -- who gets Triumph the Insult Comic Dog and other characters Conan has created over the years ... sources tell TMZ .
But we 're told Conan will bag the dog , with strings attached .
Sources say Conan and NBC are " close " on his " Tonight Show " exit agreement -- but one of the remaining sticking points is intellectual property .
Conan 's characters -- like Triumph , the Pimpbot 5000 and the Masturbating Bear -- are all legally the property of NBC ( Triumph 's rights are a little tricky and may be the property of Conan 's longtime friend Robert Smigel ) .
Conan wants to take them with him wherever he lands -- and we 're told NBC will ultimately give Conan the right to his characters , in return for conceding other points in the exit deal .
As for what Conan may have to concede ... we 're told the non-disparagement clause is still an issue .
Specifically , how long will Conan be prohibited from trashing NBC ?
Conan may have to fold on this point in order to walk the dog .
Bottom line -- looks like the Masturbating Bear will live to self - gratify another day .
Gonzales knew he had something significant on his hands but he did n't have enough people or tools to deal with it .
So he went to Ahmed Chalabi , the leader of the Iraqi exile group whose discredited WMD claims had been the main justification for the invasion .
The fact that the materials survived at all is remarkable , considering how much of Iraq 's cultural heritage was looted or destroyed after the fall of Saddam -- more than a quarter of the National Library 's books and 60 percent of its collection of maps , photographs and records , Eskander said .
The troops found no WMD , but it was worth the trip .
Books , photos and papers floated in the murky water .
And not just any books , but Hebrew - language books , in a country that had been at war with Israel since 1948 and had once accused Jews of espionage and after a show trial hanged nine of them in a public square .
" It was really quite disgusting , to be honest , because it was about chest - deep sewage water , " said Richard Gonzales , the Army officer who led the team and has since retired .
The archive was found in May 2003 , when U.S. troops looking for weapons of mass destruction got a tip to check out the basement of a building of the Mukhabarat -- Saddam 's secret police .
Passing a 2,000 - pound unexploded bomb on their way into the building , they found a flooded basement .
" Iraqis must know that we are a diverse people , with different traditions , different religions , and we need to accept this diversity ...
To show it to our people that Baghdad was always multiethnic , " said Eskander .
Some Jewish authorities are skeptical , arguing that since most estimates put the number of Jews in Iraq at less than 10 , the archive no longer belongs here .
But to Saad Eskander , the director of the Iraq National Library and Archives , it is part of a larger effort to rescue the cultural history Iraq lost during the invasion , and to put Iraqis on a tentative path to coming to grips with their past .
Iraqi officials say they will go to the U.S. , possibly next month , to assess the materials found by U.S. troops and plan for their return after an absence of nearly seven years .
Like this country 's once great Jewish community , the Iraqi Jewish Archive of books , manuscripts , records and other materials has gone through turbulent times .
Now another twist may be in store : Iraq wants it back .
BAGHDAD — It was seized from Jewish families and wound up soaking in sewage water in the basement of a secret police building .
Rescued from the chaos that engulfed Baghdad as Saddam Hussein was toppled , it now sits in safekeeping in an office near Washington , D.C .
The archive was supposed to return to Iraq after two years .
Until now , the Iraqis -- focused more on surviving the day to day violence in the country -- have never pushed for the archive 's return .
Doris Hamburg , who directs preservation projects at NARA , said it takes ages to repair damaged materials .
Further work needs outside funding that has not materialized .
After being freeze - dried in Texas , the collection was taken to the National Archives and Records Administration in College Park , Maryland .
There the items were photographed , lightly cleaned , wrapped and boxed .
NARA and the Center for Jewish History , a New York - based nonprofit group , are using the photos to catalog the collection .
But to handle and digitize it , more preservation work would be needed .
Agreement was reached , and later approved by the Iraqi Ministry of Culture , to move the archive to the U.S. for preservation .
" I was out there three or four times a day with a food thermometer checking the temperature , " Wegener said .
After the 2003 invasion , Corine Wegener was working in Baghdad as an arts , monuments and archives officer -- a rarity in the U.S. military -- when she was asked to examine the materials from the basement .
" Sometimes they would contact us when they had intelligence about such documents , Hebrew documents or books , " said Kamil Jawad Ashour , the deputy director of the National Library .
" On one occasion I went with them to a house in Basra of a Jewish family where they confiscated some documents and books from them .
And there was only an old woman there . "
The secret police are believed to have confiscated countless books and other archival material from the Jewish community .
By the early 1950s , Iraqi Jews were fleeing the country in droves .
The few thousand who remained were harassed , too frightened to hold services , and their assets seized .
In 1969 , after Saddam 's Baath party took power , came the hangings .
Abraham of the Old Testament is believed to have come from the city of Ur , in what is modern - day Iraq , and despite periods of persecution , the community endured and thrived over centuries .
But problems worsened when Iraq sided with Germany in World War II , and came to a head when Israel was created .
Accumulated over the years were photos , parchments and cases to hold Torah scrolls ; a Jewish religious book published in 1568 ; 50 copies of a children 's primer in Hebrew and Arabic ; books in Arabic and English , books printed in Baghdad , Warsaw and Venice -- the lost heritage of what was once one of the largest Jewish communities in the Middle East , dating to the 6th century B.C .
Chalabi got him a pump and some manpower .
The materials were pulled out of the basement , laid out to dry in the sun and packed in 27 metal trunks .
But the archive 's longer - than - anticipated stay in the U.S. has raised questions in Iraq , where public opinion tends to conflate Israel with Jews in general , and anything even tangentially related to either is suspect .
" I am afraid that there is pressure from some groups , both inside and outside the United States , in order to prevent the return of these Iraqi manuscripts to their original country , " said Abdullah Hamid , the head of Iraq 's National Center for Manuscripts and Documents .
Hamburg denies any pressures and stresses Iraq can have the archive back whenever it wants , Iraqi officials at the National Library said they have no indication the Americans are trying to hold onto the archive .
But Dov S. Zakheim , an Orthodox Jew who was a senior Department of Defense official under President George W. Bush warned that if the Iraqis were to claim the archive as their own , it would anger the Jewish community .
" It 's not theirs .
It 's just not theirs , " he said .
" Jews feel very strongly about their heritage . "
Mordechai Ben-Porat , who helped orchestrate a mass airlift of Jews leaving Iraq after Israel 's establishment in 1948 , says the archive should be in the museum dedicated to Iraqi Jews which he runs in Israel , where Jewish scholars can make use of the materials .
" The books belong to the majority of the Iraqi Jews , and they are not in Iraq .
The books should be given to us , as the representatives of the Jews of Iraq , " he said .
However , he appeared resigned to the likelihood the archive would return to Iraq .
Maurice Shohet of the World Organization of Jews from Iraq said the community would like the materials to be digitized so that everyone has access , and was worried the necessary preservation work could not be done in Iraq .
" If these documents go back to Iraq the way they are they will be lost forever , " he said .
Since Iraq has no diplomatic relations with Israel , Eskander thought it unlikely Israeli scholars would get visas to enter Iraq and study the archive .
The Israeli Foreign Ministry said it was not involved in any move to bring the archive to Israel .
Digitization to make them available on the Web would solve a lot of the problems , but would require extensive preservation work , which many worry is beyond Iraq 's present capabilities .
But Iraqi officials stressed they have the expertise and will make preservation a priority .
Down the hall from Eskander 's office are experts , many trained in Europe , who are repairing documents similarly damaged during the invasion .
Wegener said she was deeply torn about whether the collection should be removed from what at the time was an occupied country .
But " I firmly believed then , and I believe now , that if we did not , it would have been destroyed . "
All the same , the archive 's long absence from Iraq has made it " politically sensitive , " Eskander said .
It " annoyed Iraqis a lot " that the Americans who failed to protect Iraqi cultural treasures were devoting such care to the Jewish archive .
Why , given its treatment of its Jewish population , would Iraq want the Jewish Archive back ?
Eskander , 48 , can point to himself .
He is a Faily , a member of a small Shiite - Kurdish minority persecuted under Saddam , and he wants Iraqis to know about such oppression and learn from it .
In a country that has lost thousands of lives to sectarian violence since 2003 , where Christian churches are bombed , and where people perceived as friendly to Israel often receive death threats , Eskander can point to the collection of Hebrew - language books he has in his office for safekeeping .
Like the Iraqi Jewish Archive , these books were found tucked in the corner of another basement -- that one dry .
They are catalogued on the library 's Web site and available for study .
" The American national archive did a great job , and we 're grateful for their help .
...
The idea now is that we will do it here in Baghdad , " Eskander said .
" It 's our cultural heritage . "
------
Associated Press writers Matti Friedman and Josef Federman in Jerusalem , and investigative researcher Randy Herschaft in New York , contributed to this report .
----
On the Net :
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Your Awakening Stories
Greetings all , members and lurkers alike ,
The community is still very new , but I would like to get the ball rolling !
Everybody has that Realization , that point in their life where they recognize their other - ness and begin to contemplate it .
When did you realize that you were a Na'vi ?
During the period of your Awakening did you look into the possibility of being another ' kin , at all ?
How do you feel about your discovery ?
I am interested in the stories of your Awakenings , the stories of your journeys - so go ahead and post them here ( alternatively , link to them , if they are posted on a forum , in your journal , or elsewhere ) !
Warning !
El tema o foro que estás buscando parece que no existe , o fuera de tus límites .
Please login below or register an account with Comunidad Antipro .
Login
The contents of this blog is taken from Internet only .
Some images are from public websites , groups , Communities , discussion boards , e-mails etc .
In October , Mac US retail desktop computer revenue share was 47.71 , percent up from 33.44 percent a year earlier , according to NPD .
It 's a stunning number , given just how many Windows PC companies combined command so much more market share , while competing for the same revenue share .
NPD measures in - store and online sales to compile the numbers .
Contrary to blogs or news sites that will link to this post , NPD did not issue a report with this data .
I asked for it .
That 's what reporters do -- ask questions .
The larger questions : Can Apple sustain such high desktop dollar share ?
Does Apple benefit long - term from the trend ?
" No " is likely answer to both questions .
Advertisement
Stephen Baker , NPD 's vice president of industry analysis , attributes some of Apple 's October gains to the release of fast , new iMacs during the same month that Windows PC sales declined ahead of Windows 7 's October 22nd launch .
" You only really had 10 days to catch up some 20 days of lost [ Windows PC ] sales , " Baker said .
Additionally there is the recession , which force hit following the late - September 2008 stock market crash .
" You 're comparing the [ iMac ] launch month this year to the month last year when people stopped going into stores to buy things , " Baker said .
" To some extent it 's a little bit apples and oranges . "
He emphasized : " While those are great numbers , that 's probably not sustainable . "
Perhaps , but even a decline to 40 percent revenue share would put Apple head and torso above every single competitor selling Windows PCs .
It 's worth noting that Mac desktop revenue share had already risen to 44.91 percent in April 2009 , although Baker attributed some of that " pop " to the " residual effects " of new iMac upgrades a month earlier .
One factor helping Apple is average selling price .
The Mac maker has largely chosen not to compete with Windows PC manufacturers below $ 1,000 .
While price wars continue at the low end among Windows PC manufacturers , Apple 's entry - level iMac starts at $ 1,199 .
True , Apple offers the Mac mini for $ 599 or $ 799 , but the ASP is considerably higher than comparably priced Windows PCs .
Low - cost Windows
PCs typically come with monitor , keyboard and mouse , which are all extra-cost items for Mac mini unless the buyer uses existing gear .
In October , the Mac desktop ASP was $ 1,338 , down from $ 1,390 in April and $ 1,581 in October 2008 , according to NPD .
By comparison , Windows desktop PC ASP was $ 491 , or nearly $ 900 less than the Mac desktop .
Generally , Apple also captures more revenue share on much smaller sales .
For example , according to Apple SEC filings , worldwide , the company shipped 3.05 million Macs -- only 787,000 of them desktops -- in third calendar quarter .
By comparison , HP shipped 16.1 million PCs and Acer 12.5 million , according to Gartner .
Where Apple 's sales are stronger , in notebooks , it 's revenue share is by no means as high -- yet still an enviable percentage for any single computer manufacturer .
Mac notebook US retail revenue share was 33.66 percent in October , up from 30.07 percent in April but down from 38.13 percent in October 2008 .
In the year - ago month , Apple released its first unibody MacBooks and MacBook Pros , which lifted revenue share .
The change in revenue share from October to April to October bookends the new Mac laptop launches and corroborates Baker 's assertion that Apple revenue share will recede in coming months .
" Apple gets a huge bump out of new products that no one else gets , " he said .
" Those [ share increases ] have n't tended to be sustainable in the long term . "
Maybe , but one third of sales going to one company is an amazing feat -- and it's where the market is growing fastest : Portable computers .
The Mac laptop ASP also is much higher than Windows notebooks : respectively , $ 1,410 to $ 519 in October , according to NPD .
Apple sells fewer units , but commands higher margins on every one than Windows PC manufacturers .
The question ahead : What about Windows 7 and the holidays ?
On Monday , Gartner predicted that Windows 7 would n't lift PC sales in 2009 .
That 's a question to answer in January when the sales figures are final .
But based on Apple 's ability to defy the recession 's downward pull on computer sales and just how consistently busy are the company 's retail stores , I 'll predict that Mac overall US retail revenue share will stay well above one - third and more than 40 percent for desktops .
Surely any Windows PC competitor would want make so much on so few computers sold , comparatively .
Somya Translators Pvt. Ltd. provides language translation services with the help of experienced multilingual native translators that means the final translation will read perfectly to a native speaker of that particular .
We have a wide database of translators ; hence , we can do ato and from 100 + languages of the world .
We specialize in
Our expert team of different languages geeks can handle any type of translation project .
Whether one needs a legal translation or expert medical translators ; we are a name to reckon with .
We offer cost - effective translation services and can handle projects of small document translation to large multi-language projects .
SomyaTranslators Pvt. Ltd. is defined by the excellent services it offers to its clients world over .
Well , we do n’t limit our services to translation only but take one step further to offer services like DTP , translation , editing and proofreading , subtitling , interpretation , content writing and website development and localization .
What more ?
Association with our organization means competitive pricing , on time delivery , innovative and high standard services , ease of payment and 24*7 customer care services .
We believe in maintaining high - standards of our services offered .
Our services include :
Document Translation Services
Our qualified and skilled translators help us to handle translations to and from any language ( 100 + languages ) .
Request an instant quote and we will show you how easy it is to get started with our translation agency .
Click here to find out more about our translation project management system .
Website development & Localization
Over the years of working experience , Somya Translators Pvt. Ltd. has assembled a top notch international network of translators , journalists , researchers , programmers , developers and advertising agencies with extensive knowledge of online behavior .
We can help you to develop and localize your business website at affordable price range .
Proofreading Services
We offer proofreading services asan optional extra with any translation project .
Our skilled proofreaders prepare documents using the " track changes " function within MicrosoftWord , which allow our clients to move easily between changes , and accept orneglect any or all modifications offered by the proofreader .
Multilingual Research Services
Depending on the scope of your project research , we appoint a team of qualified linguists and researchers with the appropriate language combinations and knowledge of your project .
This research is tailor - made to meet each unique client ’s needs and goals .
Interpreting Services
Our team of highly qualified interpreters offers various types of interpretation services depending on individual project ’s needs and requirements .
We specialize inbusiness , medical , and legal interpreting services .
Contact us today to find expert services at unbelievably competitive prices .
Take your business one step ahead of your competitors by making it available to different language speaker clients .
" And ye shall know the truth , and the truth shall make you free . " - John 8:32
The Passage by Justin Cronin June 8
Four years ago , Justin Cronin's 9 - year - old daughter told him his books were " probably boring , " and dared him to write a story about a girl who saves the world .
Mr. Cronin , a literary novelist , took her up on it .
The result : a postapocalyptic vampire trilogy , which Stephen King has hailed as a captivating epic .
An English professor at Rice University and a graduate of the Iowa Writers ' Workshop , Mr. Cronin is known ...
The remedy is used by many to treat complaints including depression People with epilepsy should be warned that using a popular herbal remedy may increase the risk of seizures , researchers say .
German scientists , writing in the Journal of Natural Products , said they had found 10 written reports of seizures linked to ginkgo biloba .
They said they were convinced the herb could have a " detrimental effect " .
A leading UK epilepsy charity said the evidence was not yet compelling , although it said care was needed .
We are now convinced , however , that ginkgo biloba medications and other products can have a detrimental effect on a person 's health condition
University of Bonn researchers Ginkgo biloba remedies - made from the leaves of the tree of the same name - is used by many thousands of people in the UK as a remedy for health problems ranging from depression and memory loss , to headaches and dizziness .
The team from the University of Bonn focused on a particular chemical compound in the herb called ginkgotoxin .
They said that evidence suggested that it might alter a chemical - signalling pathway in the body linked to epileptic seizures , and potentially interfere with the effectiveness of anti-seizure medications .
In addition to any benefits , which still remained unproven , they wrote , there was a " clear potential for adverse effects " , particularly in susceptible patients
Even though there was no definitive proof that the herb had been the cause of the increase in seizures in the reported cases , patients should be warned about the possibility , and manufacturers asked to test their ginkgo products for levels of the toxin .
' Be aware ' Professor John Duncan , from the National Society for Epilepsy , said that the current evidence did not necessarily warrant restrictions on the use of the remedy .
He said : " We believe that some herbs , for example St John 's wort , are linked to a higher risk of seizures , but there is still not a great deal of evidence about problems related to ginkgo .
" We would say that if someone who has epilepsy wants to take this remedy , they should simply be aware of the possibility . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hollywood producer and director Rob Reiner who worked behind the scenes to finance the Federal court challenge to Proposition 8 is in San Francisco this week for the landmark case .
Watch :
Post by ILO on 01/13/10 at 1:54 am
Mir Hossein Mousavi came second in Iran 's disputed June election
Iranian opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi has been fired as head of the Arts Institution .
The Council for Cultural Revolution , a high - ranking body chaired by President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , dismissed him on Tuesday night , state media said .
Mr Mousavi had run the institution , affiliated to the president 's office , since its inception 11 years ago .
In recent days , hardliners have urged Iran 's judiciary to put Mr Mousavi on trial for instigating unrest .
Mr Mousavi came second in the June election , and anger at the result saw mass protests in Tehran and other cities that led to thousands of arrests and some deaths .
Mr Mousavi has said the poll , that returned President Ahmadinejad to power , was fraudulent .
' Plainclothes men '
News of Mr Mousavi 's sacking comes a day after his car was reportedly attacked as he travelled back to Tehran from the holy city of Qom , where he had joined tens of thousands for the funeral of a dissident cleric , Grand Ayatollah Hoseyn Ali Montazeri .
An earlier report suggested that the Arts Institution job was Mr Mousavi 's only public post , but he also remains on the Expediency Council .
This is seen a key body within the Iranian politics and at times a forum for reconciling legislation when debate in the legislature becomes deadlocked .
Comment Pentagon hacker Gary McKinnon has won breathing space in his long - running fight against extradition , with news on Wednesday that judges have granted a further judicial review .
This time it is to consider whether the Home Secretary was right to disregard medical evidence that he might harm himself or even commit suicide if extradited to the US .
McKinnon 's lengthy battle looked to be entering the endgame when Home Secretary Alan Johnson rejected psychiatric advice on McKinnon 's mental state in allowing extradition proceedings against the UFO conspiracy theorist to proceed back in November .
The move restarted the clock on extradition proceedings , sparking fears from the 43 - year - old 's family that he might be hauled off to face US trial and likely imprisonment , possibly even before Christmas .
Johnson , while maintaining that he is powerless to intervene in extradition cases unless the death penalty might result from a conviction or other exceptional circumstances , has nonetheless maintained throughout that McKinnon was entitled to exhaust his legal options to appeal .
That meant that McKinnon 's case was once more passed onto the courts , with a hearing agreed for sometime in April or May and a ruling unlikely until late June , by which time a general election will have been held and Britain is likely to have a new ( more sympathetic to McKinnon , at least ) government .
The opposition Conservatives have publicly backed the McKinnon campaign , even going so far as to table a Parliamentary debate on the one - sided nature of the extradition treaty between the US and UK that the McKinnon case has served to highlight .
US authorities began extradition proceedings against McKinnon in 2005 , three years after his initial arrest by UK detectives working for the former NHTCU over hacking attacks on Nasa and US military systems in the months before and after the 9/11 attacks .
McKinnon has always admitted the attacks but has consistently denied causing any damage .
The years since have been accompanied by a prolonged , ongoing game of legal pass the parcel .
Highlights of the campaign have included unsuccessful appeals to the High Court in 2007 and House of Lords in 2008 , on the grounds that US authorities allegedly used strong - armed tactics during plea- bargaining negotiations and that McKinnon might receive a disproportionately long sentence under harsh conditions if extradited .
The Lords turned down this appeal , but allowed the European Court of Human Rights to consider the case .
In August 2008 , the European Court rejected arguments by McKinnon 's lawyers that his human rights had been abused but by that time McKinnon was diagnosed with Asperger 's Syndrome , a mild form of autism , establishing grounds for a further round of appeals .
Last July , McKinnon lost judicial reviews on the Home Secretary 's decision not to block extradition , as well as a separate review of the Director of Public Prosecutions ' decision not to bring charges against McKinnon in the UK .
McKinnon 's supporters have long argued that he ought to be tried in the UK and the US authorities ' decision not only to decline this option but to wait for an allegedly one - sided extradition treaty to come into effect before commencing proceedings lies at the heart of the case .
McKinnon is charged with hacking into 97 US military and NASA systems in an attack that allegedly crashed the network of the Naval Weapons Station Earle , New Jersey , for a week in the aftermath of the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
The US prosecution case claims that the hack interfered with the smooth running of the supply chain to the US Atlantic fleet normally provided by the base .
One US prosecutor claimed that McKinnon had carried out the " biggest military computer hack of all time " when he was originally arrested back in 2002 .
By contrast , McKinnon describes himself as a bumbling nerd who gained access to insecure systems while motivated by a desire to uncover suppressed evidence that the US military had supposedly harvested advanced alien technology from UFOs .
He might have even seen a picture of a UFO at one time , but was too high to figure out how to record anything .
Netbooks are a great compromise between pecking away a smartphone keyboard or hauling a tank - size laptop around — but they are n't without shortcomings .
Make the most of your netbook with these netbook - friendly tips , tricks , and applications .
Advertisement
Although often derided for being under - powered and a poor substitute for a full laptop , netbooks fill a nice niche .
They 're tough to beat for portable browsing , note taking , and mobile computing when a laptop is over kill , the battery life is too short , and using your phone is impractical or uncomfortable .
Still , you can do a lot to make life with a netbook easier .
Accept the Hardware Limitations and Tweak When Possible
Advertisement
Netbooks are limited and you can't be happy using one unless you accept that .
Watching video on it wo n't be like watching video on a 24 " widescreen monitor .
It wo n't run Crysis .
You 're not going to be single - handedly solving complex protein - folding operations on it and curing cancer .
Nearly every netbook has a fairly standard cookie - cutter spec sheet of a 1024x600 pixel screen , a 160 GB HDD , 1GB of RAM , and a modest mobile processor .
If you already own a netbook , the best thing you can do is shell out $ 30 - 60 and upgrade the 1GB of RAM to 2GB of RAM .
It 's a cheap enough upgrade and it provides a significant performance boost .
If you 're shopping for a netbook , the best advice we can give is to focus on two things : battery life and the physical inputs , like the spacing of the keyboard and arrangement of secondary buttons — physical design is about the only thing distinguishing one netbook from another these days .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Strip Your Netbook of Bloat and Crapware
Advertisement
Computer manufacturers love to stockpile their pristine machines with all sorts of crapware .
Fortunately , for the most part , netbook manufacturers are n't too extreme with this practice .
Given the already underpowered nature of the machines they sell , we 'd imagine they 're paranoid about bogging it down with too much crapware .
Nonetheless , it 's still worth your time to give your netbook a solid run through the decrapification - gauntlet .
Photo by Fabio Bruna .
Advertisement
You can dig through the bloatware and delete it manually , but some bloatware — we 're looking at you Norton Anti-Virus trial ! — is a huge pain to remove by hand .
Fortunately applications have been created that are specifically tailored to giving bloatware the boot , like PC Decrapifier — seen in the screenshot above .
PC
Decrapifier is great for any new computer including netbooks and will help you get rid of applications like Norton Anti-Virus , Microsoft Office Trial Edition , and other annoyances .
One caveat regarding gutting the crapware from your new netbook :
Although 90 percent of the junk that is installed is in fact junk , be careful not to delete software that actually does something useful .
For example , on my Asus Eee netbook there were two very similar programs with similar Eee branded names .
One was a useful aggressive battery monitoring application designed to squeeze even more life out of my 6 - cell battery and the other was a fairly useless application dock only for Eee netbook apps .
Had I blanket nuked all the installed apps , I 'd have kicked out the useful battery tool with the rest of the junk .
Advertisement
Once you 've booted the factory - fresh crapware off your netbook , it 's really important to keep things clean for optimal future performance .
If a little bit of crapware and software creep slows down your beefy desktop a tiny bit , a little on your netbook will definitely gum up the works .
Make sure to install an application like CCleaner — a favorite among Lifehacker readers — and run it on a schedule to keep things clean .
Five Best Windows Maintenance Tools
You download , create , delete , and move around countless files and endless piles of data on your …
Read more
Advertisement
Learn to Love Full - Screen Mode and Keyboard Shortcuts
Advertisement
You might have a nice spacious monitor at home and never even think to switch to full screen mode , but on a netbook using full screen mode is an absolute must .
The screenshot above shows a comparison between running Firefox in regular mode and running Firefox in fullscreen mode , displaying the Lifehacker homepage .
Between the title bar , menu bar , tabbed sites , and the Windows start bar , around 40 % of the screen gets chewed up .
The same kind of situation exists when you load popular word processors like Microsoft Word and other office applications .
Most software designers are simply not designing for small screens anymore ; netbooks generally have a 1024x600 resolution , which is nearly 200 pixels shorter than the already quite small 1024x768 standard monitor size that most designers keep in mind when creating toolbar and site layouts .
Unfortunately no standard exists for which a keyboard shortcut will switch an application to full screen mode .
Check the menu bar in your application or hit up Google with a " myapplication fullscreen shortcut " query to find it .
The full - screen shortcuts for a few common applications are : Firefox / IE / Opera / Chrome - F11 ( press again to return to normal view ) and Microsoft Office - ALT +V+U ( press ESC to return to normal view ) .
Advertisement
In addition to searching for individual and specific keyboard shortcuts to help with things like full - screen mode , it 's worthwhile to extend your knowledge of shortcuts even further — typing on a reduced size keyboard and mousing on a small trackpad can be rough on your hands .
If you extend the range of your Google queries from just the keyboard shortcut to something like " myapplication without a mouse " or " myapplication keyboard shortcut guide " you 'll find gems like this guide to using the Opera web browser completely sans - mouse — or our own guide to mouse - less Firefox .
Photo by Declan TM .
Advertisement
The best thing about improving your keyboard chops with the netbook is that all the new shortcuts you learn are transferable to your main workstation .
For more information on handy keyboard shortcuts , application tricks involving keyboard shortcuts , and how to make them if your application lacks for them , take a stroll through the archives of the keyboard shortcuts tag here at Lifehacker .
Advertisement
Select Applications with a Netbook - Centric Attitude
Advertisement
Selecting applications for a netbook is a lot like packing for a camping trip .
When you pack for a camping trip you select things for your pack that are efficient and lightweight versions of things you use every day at home , and you also pack things that are distinctly related to camping that you 'd never use at home .
Photo by 玩具王 the Nictoyking .
For example , you may use Firefox loaded down with 1,001 extensions on your quad - core home computer but opt to run Firefox with only one or two critical extensions or Google Chrome on your netbook .
Also , just like with camping , selecting lightweight tools that are multifunction is valuable .
Why use a bloated media application when something snappy and light like open - source VLC can take care of all your movie and music needs ?
In the same vein , look for ways to ditch software that is known for being bloated and resource hungry , like swapping out Adobe - gonna - eat - all -y ' RAMs - Reader with FoxIt Reader .
If you 're unsure where to start when it comes to selecting lightweight software , you might want to check out past Lifehacker Hive Five topics .
Lifehacker readers tend to gravitate towards the fastest and lightest - weight solutions even when constraints like using a netbook are n't brought into the equation .
Advertisement
Aside from searching out lightweight versions of applications your normally use , the netbook also benefits from applications you 'd likely never use on a desktop computer .
Advertisement
Netbooks , for example , make pretty handy ebooks .
They 're full color , they have no annoying DRM or restrictions , and they 're lightweight with a long battery life .
I 've been experimenting with using my netbook as an ebook reader and do n't have any complaints to log .
If your netbook does n't already support screen rotation , you can easily remedy that situation by downloading EeeRotate — in use in the screenshot above .
The tiny application allows you to rotate your screen using CTRL +ALT + RIGHT ( you can rotate it so that you hold the netbook with the screen on your right or left hand side ) and it reverses the axis of the mouse so you can still use your mouse without hassle .
Pressing CTRL+ALT +UP will return the screen to normal .
If you 're a Gmail user , you 'll definitely want to enable Offline Gmail to allow you to compose emails in Gmail when you 're between wireless hotspots and unable to access the net .
If you 're not a Gmail user it 's worth downloading an full - fledged email client like Thunderbird and configuring it to use your web - based email so you can enjoy the same functionality .
Advertisement
Even if your keyboard chops are up to par , it 's still a pain to launch applications on a netbook .
Although I 've yet to install Launchy — as much as I love it !— on my main Windows 7 desktop , most netbooks run Windows XP and Launchy can go a long way towards making application launching pleasant on the tiny keyboard and touchpad .
Check out our guide to doing more with Launchy here .
Advertisement
Take Launchy beyond application launching Click to viewMost people know Launchy as a simple and lightning - fast application launcher for …
Read more
Advertisement
Being able to shuttle files between your main workstation and your netbook , as well as keeping them backed up , is a must .
Dropbox is a valuable addition to your netbook for this task .
It 's lightweight , it 's fast , and for most users the free account is more than adequate .
While writing this article I used Dropbox multiple times to easily toss screenshots and installation files between my netbook and desktop and as I took notes about the netbook — on the netbook !
—I saved the .TXT file to Dropbox .
Check out how to use Dropbox for more than just file syncing here .
Advertisement
Netbooks serve as an excellent go - between tool for lightweight and portable notetaking and web browsing , especially with the proper tweaking and software selection .
While our list of tweaks and software suggestions is long , it 's certainly not exhaustive .
If you have a netbook of your own , it 's time to sound off in the comments with your tips , tricks , and favorite applications for maximizing your netbook 's capabilities .
1. Since many financial institutions are closed , transport is difficult , and people do n't all have their papers ( fear of theft also may be an issue ) , it is almost impossible to receive remittances , which account for more than one - quarter of the country 's gdp .
2 . The current makeshift shelters are not robust to rain and storms and the rainy season is starting in May .
Rain also brings a greater risk of various diseases .
3 . The price of food keeps on rising .
It was already the case — before the earthquake — that poor people commonly ate mud cakes as a source of nutrition .
54 percent of Haitians live on less than one dollar a day .
4 . The party with the ability to make things happen — the U.S. military — is n't formally in charge and is sensitive to bad publicity .
5 . In the Darfur crisis , eighty percent of the fatalities came from disease and disease has yet to begin in the Haitian situation .
6 . There are already 150,000 accounted - for dead and many more uncounted .
7 . It 's by no means clear that the aftershocks are over and there is even some chance of a bigger quake to come .
This also discourages aid efforts and the construction of more permanent shelter .
8. Outside of some parts of Port - Au - Prince and immediate environs , external aid is barely underway yet damage is extensive .
9 . It is not clear that the upcoming planting season — which starts in March — will proceed in an orderly fashion .
One - third of the country 's population is living at loose ends and most of the country 's infrastructure is destroyed .
For the planting season many Haitian farmers need seeds , fertilisers , livestock feed and animal vaccines .
That planting season accounts for sixty percent of Haiti 's agricultural output .
10 .
Before a limb can be amputated , some doctors have to first go to the market and buy a saw .
Those are n't the only problems .
A study in the Jan. 1 issue of the journal Sleep shows that erectile dysfunction was more common in older men with restless leg syndrome ( RLS ) than in those without RLS , and the magnitude of this association increased with a higher frequency of RLS symptoms .
Results show that erectile dysfunction was 16 percent more likely in men with RLS symptoms that occur five to 14 times per month ( odds ratio of 1.16 ) and 78 percent more likely in men whose RLS symptoms occur 15 or more times a month ( OR=1.78 ) .
The associations were independent of age , body mass index , use of antidepressants , anxiety and other possible risk factors for RLS .
Fifty - three percent of RLS patients and 40 percent of participants without RLS reported having erectile dysfunction , which was defined as a poor or very poor ability to have and maintain an erection sufficient for intercourse .
The results suggest it is likely that the two disorders share common mechanisms , said lead author Xiang Gao , MD , PhD , instructor at Harvard Medical School , associate epidemiologist at Brigham and Women 's Hospital and research scientist at the Harvard School of public health in Boston , Mass .
" The mechanisms underlying the association between RLS and erectile dysfunction could be caused by hypofunctioning of dopamine in the central nervous system , which is associated with both conditions , " said Gao .
Data were collected from 23,119 men who participated in the Health Professionals Follow - up study , a large ongoing U.S. cohort of male dentists , optometrists , osteopaths , podiatrists , pharmacists and veterinarians .
Participants were between the ages of 56 and 91 years , with a mean age of 69 years .
To reduce possible misclassification of RLS , participants with diabetes and arthritis were excluded .
Participants were questioned in 2002 about RLS diagnosis and severity based on the International RLS study group criteria .
RLS was defined as having unpleasant leg sensations combined with restlessness and an urge to move ; with symptoms appearing only at rest , improving with movement , worsening in the evening or at night compared with the morning , and occurring five or more times per month .
About four percent of participants had RLS ( 944 of 23,119 men ) , and about 41 percent ( 9,433 men ) had erectile dysfunction .
Men with RLS were older and were more likely to be Caucasian .
The prevalence of erectile dysfunction also increased with age .
The authors noted that the association between RLS and erectile dysfunction also could be related in part to other sleep disorders that co-occur with RLS .
For example , obstructive sleep apnea and sleep deprivation may decrease circulating testosterone levels .
They also pointed out that the cross-sectional design of the study did not allow for a determination of causality .
Further epidemiological studies are needed to clarify the relationship between the RLS and erectile dysfunction and to explore the biological mechanisms underlying the association .
Watch live reports from Port - au - Prince , Haiti .
Anderson Cooper is on scene for firsthand accounts of the horror and devastation from the earthquake .
Port - au - Prince , Haiti ( CNN ) --
Rescue workers struggled to clear rubble and bodies Wednesday from the streets of Haiti's " flattened " capital , where a government official said the death toll from Tuesday 's 7.0 - magnitude earthquake may exceed 100,000 .
Thousands of injured people waited for care outside badly damaged hospitals , while an unknown number remained trapped inside collapsed buildings .
Basic services like water and electricity were out , and Haitian President Rene Preval said his government needs help clearing streets so rescuers can reach some of the hardest - hit areas .
" We need medicine .
We need medical help in general , " Preval told CNN .
" Some of the hospitals , they collapsed . "
People were digging though the rubble of leveled buildings with their hands Wednesday , looking for survivors or bodies , CNN's Anderson Cooper reported from Port - au - Prince .
Other CNN correspondents in Port - au - Prince and its suburbs reported whole blocks of collapsed buildings , with dozens of bodies piled in the streets .
Impact Your World :
How you can help
Video images captured just moments after the temblor show dust - covered survivors rushing through the streets , yelling in terror .
Others trapped in buildings are seen punching out debris and bricks , and shouting for help and trying to squeeze themselves out through cracks in the structures .
Port - au - Prince " is flattened , " said Haiti 's consul general to the U.N. , Felix Augustin , who said he believed more than 100,000 people were dead .
But Preval said other estimates ranged from 30,000 to 50,000 .
" It 's too early to give a number , " Preval said .
Hear the prime minister describe the situation
The 7.0 - magnitude earthquake struck shortly before 5 p.m. Tuesday , centered about 10 miles ( 15 kilometers ) southwest of Port - au - Prince , the U.S. Geological Survey reported .
It could be felt strongly in eastern Cuba , more than 200 miles away .
The earthquake 's power matched that of several nuclear bombs , said Roger Searle , a professor of geophysics in the Earth Sciences Department at Durham University in England .
He said the combination of its magnitude and geographical shallowness made it particularly dangerous .
About 3 million people -- one - third of Haiti 's population -- were affected by the quake , the Red Cross said .
About 10 million people most likely felt shaking from the earthquake , the U.S. Geological Survey said .
AC360 Blog : Anderson outside Haiti's National Cathedral
As night fell over the island Wednesday , gunshots sounded off in Port - au - Prince .
Screams and wails could be heard with each aftershock .
Some people who still had homes refused to go inside , fearing collapse .
Scores huddled together in parks and sidewalks , trying to get rest .
Though planes carrying aid began arriving Wednesday , humanitarian groups struggled to get the supplies to victims due to the poor roads and debris .
There was no clear system for clearing debris , removing bodies and treating the injured , officials and journalists reported .
" Simply getting through the streets to collect the dead bodies is seemingly an impossible task , " CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta reported from the capital , where shooting could be heard in the background .
" There 's hardly any heavy machinery to try and dig through the rubble -- people are doing it by hand .
" The hospitals themselves -- the destination of those patients who might survive -- they 're nonexistent or have a terrible infrastructure , " Gupta said .
Haiti native and " Heroes " cast member Jimmy Jean - Louis was searching for his elderly parents in Haiti on Wednesday .
He said the Haitian government is not up to addressing the overwhelming nature of the disaster .
" Just as an example ... we had one school that collapsed -- one school , and we were unable to take care of that , " he said , referring to a November 2008 incident that killed 90 people in Petionville , Haiti .
" This year , we have the entire city [ of Port - au - Prince ] that collapsed , including the major points such as hospitals , hotels and even the presidential palace . "
Former President Clinton , the U.N. special envoy to Haiti , appealed to the public to support programs that will provide food , water , shelter and medical supplies to the impoverished country .
" The most important thing you can do is not to send those supplies , but to send cash " to relief agencies , Clinton said .
Governments and agencies across the globe geared up to help , including rescue teams from China , Iceland and France , Haiti 's onetime colonial ruler ; aid flights and 3 million euros ( $ 4.35 million ) from Spain ; doctors from Cuba ; and a field hospital from Russia .
U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon said the United Nations plans to release $ 10 million in aid immediately , while the World Bank pledged another $ 100 million Wednesday afternoon .
President Obama promised a " swift , coordinated and aggressive " response from the United States .
" The reports and images that we 've seen of collapsed hospitals , crumbled homes and men and women carrying their injured neighbors through the streets are truly heart - wrenching , " Obama said .
Watch survivors describe what they saw
Clinton also urged international leaders to fulfill their previous donor commitments to Haiti .
" Most countries are way behind on fulfilling it .
...
If you can provide any emergency help , if you can give us helicopters or basic medical supplies -- we need that , " Clinton said .
The U.S. military is working to get ground and air assessments of the damage , with Coast Guard cutters , airplanes and choppers deploying to the scene , and Navy ships preparing to leave .
Are you there ?
Submit an iReport
Two Coast Guard crews of C - 130 Hercules fixed - wing aircraft were evacuating nearly 140 U.S. personnel to Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic .
Nine critically injured peopled were taken to the U.S. Naval Hospital Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
Numerous relief organizations were already working in Haiti , the Western Hemisphere 's poorest country , when the quake struck Tuesday afternoon .
Aid groups scrambled to help in the aftermath of the quake , but were struggling with the same problems as ordinary Haitians .
In a small clinic in Port - au - Prince , doctors were overwhelmed with the causalities coming in .
Bodies and bleeding wounded seemed to cover every inch of the clinic .
A woman with a broken leg sat on the floor next to the body of a dead toddler who was covered by a sheet .
She 'd been waiting for treatment since Tuesday .
A CNN crew at the clinic counted at least 13 other adult bodies piled outside .
Others were still alive , leaning on walls , lying on floors in despair .
None of the three aid centers run by Doctors Without Borders was operable Wednesday , the group said .
The organization was focusing on re-establishing surgical capacity so it could deal with the crushed limbs and head wounds it is seeing .
The earthquake sheared huge slabs of concrete off structures and pancaked scores of buildings , trapping people inside those buildings , and knocking down phone and power lines .
" One woman , I could only see her head and the rest of her body was trapped under a block wall , " said Jonathan de la Durantaye , who drove through Port - au - Prince after the quake .
" I think she was dead .
She had blood coming out of her eyes and nose and ears . "
The headquarters of the U.N. mission in Haiti , a peacekeeping and police force established after the 2004 ouster of then - President Jean - Bertrand Aristide , collapsed during the quake , leaving leaving about 150 members unaccounted for , U.N. officials in New York said Wednesday .
At least 10 survivors were pulled from rubble at the U.N. mission , according to former President Clinton .
The top two civilian officials at the U.N. mission , Special Representative Hedi Annabi and his deputy , Luiz Carlos da Costa , were believed trapped in the rubble of the hotel that housed the world body 's headquarters , their fates unknown , said Alain Le Roy , the undersecretary - general for peacekeeping operations .
The Brazilian - led mission has about 9,000 troops , police and civilian staff in Haiti , about a third of whom were in Port - au - Prince .
At least 16 peacekeepers , including 11 Brazilians , three Jordanians , one Argentine and one Chadian , were reported dead Wednesday afternoon , U.N. officials said .
Also among the dead was Joseph Serge Miot , the Roman Catholic archbishop of Port - au - Prince , according to the official Vatican newspaper .
The archbishop was buried beneath rubble along with 100 priests and aspiring priests attending a religious conference , Papal Nuncio Bernardito Auza told the Vatican 's Fides news agency .
" There were priests and nuns in the street .
...
Everywhere , you heard cries from beneath the rubble , " Auza said .
Authorities braced for civil disturbances .
Edmond Mulet , the U.N. assistant secretary - general for peacekeeping operations , told CNN that the 95 - year - old , badly overcrowded National Penitentiary in the capital , collapsed and the inmates escaped , prompting worries about looting by escapees .
Obama urged Americans trying to locate family members in Haiti to telephone the State Department at 1-888-407-4747 .
Are you looking for loved ones ?
The presidential palace in Port - au - Prince was in ruins .
Preval , Haiti's president , said he did not know where he was going to sleep Wednesday night .
" I have plenty of time to look for a bed , " he said late in the afternoon .
" But now I am working on how to rescue the people .
Sleeping is not the problem . "
CNN's Ivan Watson , Dr. Sanjay Gupta , Susan Candiotti , Gary Tuchman , Chris Lawrence , Anderson Cooper , Brian Byrnes , Felicity Cruikshank , Hada Messia , Richard Greene and Mike Mount contributed to this report .
( CNN ) --
An Orthodox Jewish man apparently preparing to pray prompted authorities to divert a Louisville , Kentucky - bound US Airways Express plane Thursday .
FBI spokesman J.J. Klaver said there appeared to be no threat from the man , who was described as wearing something on his head that included leather pieces .
The description appeared to match that of tefillin , or phylacteries , which Orthodox Jewish men wear during prayer .
The flight had taken off from New York 's LaGuardia Airport , the FBI said , and was diverted to Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
The Transportation Security Administration said it was notified of what it called a disruptive passenger on Flight 3079 , operated by Chautauqua Airlines , around 8:30 a.m. ET , and the plane landed without incident at Philadelphia International Airport about 20 minutes later .
US Airways spokesman Morgan Durrant said the diversion was a " security precaution " for the 50 - seat ERJ 145 .
It was not immediately clear how many passengers were on board .
Earlier , Durrant said the flight had been evacuated , but the TSA did not offer any details on whether that had occurred .
TSA and law enforcement officials met the flight , interviewed the passenger and did a security sweep of the plane without finding anything of concern , the agency said .
CNN 's Evan Buxbaum contributed to this report .
When we last checked in on Linus Omark , we were mostly amused by his antics , though details were still hazy .
SovSport has the details of the hilarity .
The rivalry between Dynamo and Spartak is akin to The Battle of Alberta , if the Flames and Oilers were from the same city and the hate was turned up to eleven .
TuvanHillbilly from Japers '
Rink translated for us , and we are grateful .
" But before the victory , the visitors scored .
And that score almost ended in a melee .
This is how the events unfolded …
Radivojevic went to the penalty box , and then Vorobev ’s shot hit the target after Umark ’s pass .
While the refs were deciding whether or not to allow the goal , Linus ( Umark ) went up to the net , grabbed the puck from them and skated out to center ice .
Had he decided to quickly restart the game soccer style ?
No , the Swede hurried over to Spartak ’s penalty box and , with a wide grin on his face , handed the puck to Radivojevic .--
Apparently as a keepsake .
The furious Branko ( Radivojevic ) jumped up , waving his stick above the glass , trying to get the Dynamo player in the helmet .
Umark turned and made his way to his bench .
The Spartak player , having pushed away from his minder , banged open the door and …ran into the approaching ref . "
Check out a picture of Omark skating towards the penalty box after the goal .
The .PDF version has a picture of Radivojevic talking to the refs after running into them in the midst of trying to chase down Omark .
The second page has a better picture of Omark skating towards the penalty box -- notice the grin on his face .
Reports are that Omark and Radivojevic continued their feud after the game with a rousing round of trash talk at a Moscow restaurant .
Geometry : Gallery of Surfaces
2018 -04-10 Note : updated version is at http://virtualmathmuseum.org/
Minimal Surfaces
Geometry : Gallery of Minimal Surfaces ( H=0 )
Non-Orientable surfaces
Surfaces showing the Projective Plane
Spherical Surfaces ( K = 1 )
Pseudospherical surfaces ( K = - 1 )
CMC Surfaces ( H = 1 )
Conics Surfaces
Miscellaneous
Famous Algebraic Surfaces
Computer Graphics Toy Surfaces
The following surfaces have no mathematical significance .
They are more for the looks .
Appendix
• Programs and supporting files used on this site .
• References and related websites
Acknowledgement
Almost all the images and surface data on this site are from Richard Palais 's 3D - XplorMath software .
I like to thank Richard for much of his personal help and encouragement over the years .
I also like to thank Hermann Karcher for his help and some of his math expositions used on this website .
Check out my friends professor Richard Palais and Robert Palais 's book .
Many free chapters in PDF .
Differential Equations , Mechanics , and Computation
See also : A Visual Dictionary of Special Plane Curves
Iterative methods for sparse linear systems ( 2nd edition )
This is the same text as the book with the same title offered by SIAM [ Available here . ] .
See description below for more information .
Note :
This has a different format from that of the SIAM print .
[ to allow hyper - references in particular . ]
Numerical Methods for Large Eigenvalue Problems - 2nd Edition
This is the second edition of a book published almost two decades ago by Manchester University Press ( See below ) .
The book is published by SIAM .
[ Available here for purchase from SIAM ] .
Iterative methods for sparse linear systems ( 2nd edition )
This is a second edition of a book initially published by PWS in 1996 .
It is available from SIAM .
In this new edition , I revised all chapters by incorporating recent developments , so the book has seen a sizable expansion from the first edition .
At the same time I also removed some of the topics that have become less important .
A notable addition is a chapter on multigrid techniques .
The first edition posted ( see below ) will remain on my web - site ( as is ) .
The table of contents of the new edition can be accessed in : post - script or PDF .
Two distinct erratas are available for this book .
One was sent in April 2004 to the publisher at the occasion of the second printing and the other was sent in May 2007 at the occasion of the 3rd printing .
Errata 1 ( pdf )
Errata 2 ( pdf )
Iterative methods for sparse linear systems ( 1st edition )
This book , originally published in 1996 by PWS , is now out of print .
PWS ( and now ITP ) no longer owns the copyright .
I revised the manuscript and I am making the post script available for those who want to use it .
A new edition of this book is now available from SIAM , see above .
Compressed ( gzip ) tar file
zipped ( zip ) post - script files
zipped ( zip ) PDF files
Access to all files ( compressed and uncompressed ) from the ftp directory .
Once you download the files you will need to unpack them and you will find 4 separate PDF files ( iter1.pdf , iter2.pdf , iter3.pdf , iter4.pdf ) .
You can also get directly the individual PDF or post - script files ( fourth of the options given above ) .
Numerical Methods for Large Eigenvalue Problems
This book was originally published by Manchester University Press ( Oxford rd , Manchester , UK ) in 1992 -- ( ISBN 0 7190 3386 1 ) and in the US under Halstead Press ( John Wiley , ISBN 0 470 21820 7 ) .
It is currently out of print .
The version available here is actually an updated one .
You will find 4 post - script files ( about 100 pages each ) in a compressed ( gz ) tar format .
EDMONTON — A northern Alberta woman who survived a fatal tour bus crash in Jasper National Park this summer says she is one of the lucky ones , but her recovery will be long ...
Research finds no proof that a virus is the cause of ME
By Michelle Roberts
Health reporter , BBC News
The blood samples were free of XMRV UK scientists say they can find no proof that a particular virus is the cause of chronic fatigue syndrome ( CFS ) or ME , contrary to recent claims .
The Imperial College London team say they want to share the findings as some patients are pinning their hopes on drugs to fight the virus called XMRV .
They analysed blood samples from 186 patients with CFS and found none had the virus , PLoS One journal reports .
Experts said the latest findings would be a bitter disappointment to many .
They said more trials were under way and when these report in coming months , scientists will be able to draw more firm conclusions .
Work in the US , published in Science , had found the retrovirus in 68 of 101 CFS patients .
The UK team say the conflict between the two studies might be down to differences between the patients enrolled or the way the research was conducted .
We need to be extremely cautious until we know more
Dr Charles Shepherd
The ME Association
Or there might be different geographical types or strains of XMRV .
Regardless , they say potent antiretroviral drugs should not be used to treat CFS because there is not enough evidence that this is necessary or helpful .
The drugs may do more harm than good , they say .
Professor Myra McClure , one of the Imperial College London investigators , said : " We are confident that our results show there is no link between XMRV and chronic fatigue syndrome , at least in the UK . "
She said they had used extremely sensitive DNA testing methods , called polymerase chain reaction , to look for the virus .
" If it had been there , we would have found it . "
' Disappointing ' Co-author Professor Simon Wessely said the findings did not invalidate all previous research , some of which has shown that CFS can be triggered by other infectious agents , such as Epstein Barr Virus .
ME FACTS
Causes chronic fatigue and muscle pain Impairs immune system Does not improve with sleep Affects more women than men
Some have doubted it is a genuine physical illness - but the medical profession is now convinced
The charity Action for ME said it was disappointing to hear about these findings , but said no single small - scale study could be conclusive .
Dr Charles Shepherd , of The ME Association , said it was important to remain open - minded .
" We need to be extremely cautious until we know more .
There has been enormous interest in this from patients .
" Some have been led into believing the cause and a test has been discovered and that treatment is just round the corner and that is not the case .
" Over the next few weeks and months we will have more results and then we can come to a conclusion .
" If it turns out that XMRV is important , we will have to start looking at whether it is worthwhile testing for it and treating it . "
The team behind the initial US study said the latest work did not use the same " rigorous " techniques they had used and therefore the results were not comparable .
Dr Judy Mikovits from the Whittemore Peterson Institute said : " Little is known about the prevalence of XMRV worldwide , much less the incidence of XMRV in ME / CFS or prostate cancer .
She added more study was needed and they were collaborating with international research teams to unpick the questions around the virus .
In a statement , the charity Invest in ME said the original Science study was of the " highest quality " , and that much more work was required before any firm conclusions could be drawn .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Verizon 's Droid is a very capable smartphone , but a loose battery cover makes mobile life with some models less than ideal .
A small screwdriver tweak , however , appears to repair the problem .
Advertisement
As demonstrated in the video above , the fix should n't take more than a minute , or a few minutes , if you 're being very careful .
It 's basically just pushing in a bit on a small metal piece that , when too far out , makes it easy for your battery to slide right off .
You 'll want to be careful , of course , and especially with your SIM card so close by , but if you 've had the unpleasant experience of a falling battery cover , this fix might just be what the ( DIY ) doctor ordered .
Found another fix for your Droid 's battery cover slippage ?
Tell us about it in the comments .
Advertisement
DIY Droid Battery Cover Fix [ The Gadgeteer ]
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Bernard Avishai on the election in Massachusetts :
The “ undecideds ” in South Boston and working class suburbs like Lynn do n’t like Cambridge and Back Bay , but they respect its winners , when they act like winners … .
They smell insincerity a mile away .
I wish I had a bluefish dinner for every time Coakley referred to the health package as “ not perfect . ”
It all came out so forced and fake .
The real question Democrats have to ask themselves is : how come the greatest piece of social legislation since Medicare is something a progressive Democratic candidate for Ted Kennedy ’s seat has to speak so defensively about ?
And we can look no further than Howard Dean , and MSNBC , and Arianna Huffington , and , yes , some columnists at the Times and bloggers here at TPM — you know , real progressives — who have lambasted Obama again and again since last March over arguable need - to - haves like the “ public option , ” as if nobody else was listening .
They ’ve been thinking : “ Oh , if only we ran things , how much more subtle would the legislation be , ” as if 41 senators add up to subtle .
Meanwhile the undecideds are thinking : “ Hell , if his own people think he ’s a sell - out and jerk , why should we support this ? ”
The frustration on the left with Obama — and with healthcare reform specifically — was almost inevitable .
During the campaign , a lot of people chose to see in him what they wanted to see , pushing to the back of their minds not just the obvious signs that Obama has always been a cautious , practical politician , but also the obvious compromises and pressures that are forced onto any president .
It was a recipe for disappointment .
The striking thing to me , though , is how fast the left has turned on him .
Conservatives gave Bush five or six years before they really turned on him , and even then they revolted more against the Republican establishment than against Bush himself .
But the left ?
It took about ten months .
And the depth of the revolt against Obama has been striking too .
As near as I can tell , there ’s a small but significant minority who are so enraged that they ’d be perfectly happy to see his presidency destroyed as a kind of warning to future Democrats .
It ’s extraordinarily self - destructive behavior — and typically liberal , unfortunately .
Just ask LBJ , Jimmy Carter , and Bill Clinton .
And then ask them whether liberal revolt , in the end , strengthened liberalism or conservatism .
I ’ve got all sorts of complaints about Obama .
He ’s been weaker on civil liberties than I ’d like .
His approach to bank regulation has been far too friendly to financial interests .
I ’m not thrilled with his escalation in Afghanistan .
He has n’t moved as quickly on gay rights as I hoped .
And he has n’t used the bully pulpit nearly as effectively as I think he ’s capable of .
He could afford to attack obstructionism and conservative retrenchment far more directly than he has .
Still , none of that comes within light years of providing a reason to turn on him .
The national security community has tremendous influence ; the financial lobby has a stranglehold on Congress ; Obama told us explicitly during the campaign that he planned to escalate in Afghanistan ; his caution on gay rights is quite likely smart politically ; and he certainly gave us fair warning about his dedication to reaching across the aisle and trying to work with Republicans .
The fact that they ’ve spent his entire first year in a raging temper tantrum is hardly his fault .
Given the cards he was dealt , he has n’t done badly .
I think Andrew Sullivan — writing in his Dr. Jekyll persona — gets it about right here .
Al Gore ’s venture capital firm has invested $ 6 million in a software company that stands to make billions of dollars from cap - and - trade regulation — further fueling controversy that Gore lied about his profiteering from cap - and - trade to Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( R - TN ) and the House Energy and Environment Subcommittee during testimony in April .
Hara Software sells software to help track greenhouse gas emissions .
The market for such software is now about $ 2.5 billion dollars in size , and is expected to grow by a factor of ten to $ 25 billion if cap - and - trade legislation is enacted , according to Hara CEO Amit Chatterjee .
Kleiner Perkins , a venture capital firm in which Al Gore is a partner , invested in Hara just last year .
Chatterjee told Reuters that ,
“ This company would not have existed if Al Gore had not bought off on the idea . ”
Gore is also under fire for lying to Rep. Steve Scalise ( R - LA ) at the same congressional hearing about his relationship with Goldman Sachs .
Operating as a stealth tax , cap - and - trade will make the vast majority of Americans poorer and less free — but Al Gore , Kleiner Perkins , Amit Chatterjee and Hara will be laughing all the way to the bank .
Today I ’ll review one interesting sentence in Climategate Letter 1080257056 on March 22 , 2004 , in which Jones tells Santer
She [ Heike ] sent me an email to review a paper two weeks ago .
Said I did n’t have time until May .
Innocuous enough on the surface .
What makes this sentence interesting ( and I noticed it because I looked for something like this ) is that , in my opinion , the sentence is sufficient to identify the paper in question .
Further , there is convincing evidence that Jones did in fact carry out the requested review ( after May , as he says here ) and , even though the review is not in the Climategate documents , it is nonetheless accessible and , together with other Climategate Letters , leads on to many backstories .
Heike
Heike of the Climategate Letter 1080257056 can conclusively be identified as Heike Langenberg of Nature – enabling us to conclude that , around March 9 , 2004 , Jones was asked to review a submission to Nature .
On that very date ( March 9 , 2004 ) , I received two emails from Nature – one from Heike Langenberg saying that MBH would be asked to issue a Corrigendum ( a long story in itself ) ; the other from Rosalind Cotter , another Nature editor , who said that two referees of our January 2004 submission were “ essentially in favour of publication in some form ” ( see here , reviews included . )
We also sent the exchange to two referees , whose comments are enclosed .
You will see from this advice that , while our referees are essentially in favour of publication of the comment and the reply in some form , they make important criticisms that we would like you to address before we reach a final decision on publication .
Please accompany your revised manuscript with a short letter explaining the changes you have made in response to the comments from the authors and the referees .
The two referees are now known to be Jolliffe and Zorita – both highly qualified on the matter at hand and neither closely associated with CRU and the Team .
At the time , I suspected that Nature was more than a little surprised that our submission had received favourable reviews .
We resubmitted our revise - and - resubmit a couple of weeks later , but did n’t receive a decision until August 2004 .
It took more than twice as long for the revise - and - resubmit to be reviewed as the original article .
We learned that a third referee had been added – a referee with definite animus towards us .
His review was as follows :
It seems interesting that in the comment not only the original publication ( MBH98 ) , but also , MBH99 , a rebuttal by Mann et al. available from a CRU website ( ref.3 ) , an “ unreported MBH calculation ” available from a University of Virginia website ( ref.5 ) , another rebuttal ( corrigendum ) by Mann et al. now published in Nature ( ref. 9 ) , and a detailed critique of MBH by McIntyre and McKitrick published in Environment and Energy ( ref. 14 ) are cited .
Additionally , the paper by Jones and Mann published in Reviews of Geophysics ( ref. 4 , response ) already touches this issue .
[ Received 20 October 2003 ; revised 4 February 2004 ; accepted 17 February 2004 ; published 6 May 2004 . ]
Besides numerous technical and data - related issues , McIntyre and McKitrick also address a possible CO2 effect on southwestern US strip - bark trees that was “ corrected ” using high - latitude tree - ring data .
Whether it was at all useful to use these data or to apply this correction , seems not highly relevant , since MBH never hid this issue , but described it in detail .
More relevant and pleasing would be if someone would find a way to assess the possible CO2 fertilization effects that potentially influence growth at many sites .
Additionally , the observation that some of the chronologies used in MBH98 and MBH99 have quite low sample replication during their early periods is also not new and was mentioned in a recent paper published in EOS .
To judge that the criticism by McIntyre and McKitrick is valid would require downloading all data and applying the seemingly differing approaches .
Further , judgments would be needed on methodological decisions that were made by both McIntyre and McKitrick and by Mann et al .
as two possibilities within the whole spectrum of methodological decisions on which chronologies to use , the calibration and computation of PC ’s over different time periods , special treatments to series , and so on .
It could be seen as interesting , that the calculations as done by another operator with other perhaps reasonable alternative methodologies can have such a large effect on the resulting reconstruction .
Unfortunately , I have the impression that preconceived notions affect the potential “ audit ” by McIntyre and McKitrick .
That would , of course , not mean that their assessment is necessarily wrong , but might explain the rather harsh and tricky wording used here and at other places by both parties , and I generally do not believe that this sort of an “ audit ” and rebuttal will lead to a better understanding of past climate variations .
Generally , I believe that the technical issues addressed in the comment and the reply are quite difficult to understand and not necessarily of interest to the wide readership of the Brief Communications section of Nature .
I do not see a way to make this communication much clearer , particularly with the space requirements , as this comment is largely related to technical details .
I also find it relevant that McIntyre and McKitrick already published a critique on MHB98 including some arguments similar to what is outlined in the current manuscript ( ref. 14 ) .
There ’s another strand of evidence suggesting that Jones was the added reviewer .
Elsewhere , we ’ve seen Jones ’ tendency in reviews to self - cite .
The added reviewer cited Jones and Mann ( 2004 ) on matters M&M – an article that was not even published until May 6 , 2004 – after our re-submission to Nature in late March 2004 .
Right now the evidence is circumstantial .
( The question could be easily settled by either the University of East Anglia or Nature . )
I suppose that it is remotely possible that , in March 2004 , Nature asked Jones to review another paper and asked someone else to review our submission .
But that seems a bit farfetched .
For now , let ’s work with the assumption that Jones was the added reviewer ( and I ’ll refer to the review by the added reviewer for the rest of the post as the “ Jones Review ” ) .
Amusingly , the “ Jones Review ” used the word “ tricky ” – a word that Jones notoriously used elsewhere ( as “ trick ” ) in his es’ email about a “ trick … to hide the decline ” .
Backstories
Academic Check - Kiting : The citation of Jones and Mann ( 2004 ) in the “ Jones Review ” extended an academic check - kiting incident that I ’ve mentioned passim at CA before .
Jones and Mann 2004 check - kited claims about M&M from Mann et al. , “ submitted to Climate Change , 2003 ” .
This article was never published .
The MBH98 Corrigendum ( July 2004 ) also check - kited Mann et al ( Clim Chg submitted ) ( see here )
In passing , the MBH Corrigendum was not externally peer reviewed – a point directly confirmed by Marcel Crok .
It was merely edited - presumably by Heike Langenberg .
In addition , according to an email to me from Nature , not only was the MBH Corrigendum not peer reviewed , it was n’t even reviewed by a Nature editor .
The handling of the MBH submission to Climatic Change features heavily in Climategate Letters in early 2004 – Jones and Santer were both on the editorial board of Stephen Schneider ’s Climatic Change and lobbied hard to prevent Mann from having to provide computer code to a reviewer who had requested it for the purpose of carrying out peer review .
( A story for another day . )
Wahl and Ammann : Another backstory from the Nature 2004 submission and response has n’t been discussed much yet .
The battleground arguments in Wahl and Ammann 2007 ( increasing the number of retained North American PCs from 2 to 5 ; the no -PC case etc. ) all originated in the Mann et al 2004 response to our Nature submission ( and were re-stated in early realclimate posts in late 2004 and early 2005 . )
Although the key arguments of Wahl and Ammann are first developed in Mann ’s 2004 Nature article , Wahl and Ammann do not acknowledge Mann ’s Nature response ( the first response had even been published online at Stephen Schneider ’s website ) or the realclimate posts published in late 2004 and early 2005 - both of which were cited in MM ( E&E 2005 ) .
For that matter , Wahl and Ammann did n’t even acknowledge Michael Mann , though they acknowledged Doug Nychka .
It seems surprising , to say the least , that Wahl and Amman developed precisely the same arguments sufficiently “ independently ” as not to require citation of Mann ’s prior submissions on the same topic .
Wahl and Ammann is first mentioned in a Climategate Letter here of Dec 14 , 2004 from Mann to Briffa entitled “ paper in review in J. Climate ( as a letter ” .
Note that this is before the publication of our 2005 articles .
This may shed some light on something that is very frustrating about Wahl and Ammann ( eventually Wahl and Ammann , 2007 ) – it ’s hugely frustrating to deal with because it seldom dealt squarely with our 2005 papers .
In particular , in MM 2005 ( EE ) , we discussed the various cases in the MBH submission to Nature ( relying on the realclimate posts as authority ) .
Wahl and Ammann discussed the same cases without reconciling ( or even citing ) our analysis of the same cases .
It was as though they had never even read our 2005 paper .
( As a reviewer of Wahl and Ammann , I pointed out that they had failed to assess this literature as required under Climatic Change policies , but Wahl and Ammann were not required to do so and I was terminated as a reviewer . )
I have n’t seen the December 2004 version of Wahl and Ammann mentioned here .
But I suspect that it might be surprisingly similar to the May 2005 submission to Climatic Change .
If so , that would explain why Wahl and Ammann seemed to be more about our Nature submission in 2004 , than our substantially re-stated 2005 publications in GRL and EE .
Bishop Hill ’s excellent essay Caspar and the Jesus Paper will be interesting to revisit in a Climategate context .
Conclusion
Lots of strands and lots of backstories .
However , the point of today ’s post was to merely preview the backstories and so let ’s return to Nature ’s actions .
Assuming that the above identifications are correct , Nature responded to the favorable revise - and - resubmit on March 9 , 2004 by immediately adding a reviewer with a known adverse interest ( to us ) .
Jones had been Mann ’s coauthor in Mann et al ( Eos , 2003 ) , Jones and Mann ( GRL , 2003 ) and the pending Mann and Jones ( Rev Geophys , 2004 ) .
Jones and his associates at CRU had published a webpage in later 2003 supporting MBH against MM2003 ( also publishing their online response to MM2003 ) .
( This is quite aside from the Climategate Letters , which obviously much other evidence of a very close relationship between Jones and Mann . )
This adverse reviewer stated that the “ technical issues ” in our comment were “ quite difficult to understand ” – an embarrassing statement in a supposedly eminent science journal – and opined that these issues were “ not necessarily of interest to the wide readership of the Brief Communications section of Nature ” .
If nothing else , this seems to have been a pretty serious misjudgement .
Obviously there ’s been no shortage of interest in the technical issues involved .
It seems like an unusual thing for a reviewer to be opining on anyway .
The “ Jones Review ” argued that space limitations for Brief Communications stood in the way of the comment : “ I do not see a way to make this communication much clearer , particularly with the space requirements , as this comment is largely related to technical details . “
This seems to tie back to earlier actions by Nature .
We submitted our revision on March 21 , 2004 and a few days later were told to shorten the submission to 800 words .
In the final decision , we were told that the decision was rendered on the basis of an allowance of 500 words ( a limit much lower than contemporary comments on Emanuel ( 2005 ) for example ) as follows :
we have regretfully decided that publication of this debate in our Brief Communications Arising section is not justified .
This is principally because the discussion cannot be condensed into our 500 - word / 1 figure format ( as you probably realise , supplementary information is only for review purposes because Brief Communications Arising are published online ) and relies on technicalities that do not bring a clear resolution of the underlying issues .
Both at the time and in retrospect , this seemed like a very unsatisfactory disposition of the matter .
One wonders how much more rational the subsequent debate would have been if Nature had published our original comment .
China said Saturday it was suspending military exchanges and security talks with Washington and would impose sanctions on US firms involved in a 6.4 billion - dollar deal to sell arms to Taiwan .
A statement from the foreign ministry a day after Washington approved the sale said Beijing would also halt high level talks on arms control and non-proliferation .
“ Cooperation between China and the US on key international and regional issues will also inevitably be affected , ” the ministry said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ China will also implement relevant sanctions on US companies involved in the arms sales to Taiwan , ” it added .
The measures were announced a day after Washington approved the sale of an arms package that includes Patriot missiles , Black Hawk helicopters , and communications equipment for Taiwan ’s F - 16 fleet .
The last US arms package for Taiwan , announced under previous president George W. Bush in October 2008 , also led China to cut off military relations with the United States temporarily .
But this time the sanctions went further .
Defence ministry spokesman Huang Xueping said the measures reflected the “ severe harm ” the weapons deal presented .
“ It runs counter to the principles of the joint statement issued during US President Barack Obama ’s visit to China in November , ” Huang told the official Xinhua news agency .
ADVERTISEMENT
China considers Taiwan , where nationalists fled in 1949 after losing the mainland ’s civil war , a territory awaiting reunification , by force if necessary .
It had warned Washington repeatedly against the arms sales .
Taiwanese President Ma Ying - jeou , on a flight home from a state visit to Central America , said the sales would help the island further develop ties with China .
“ It will let Taiwan feel more confident and secure so we can have more interactions with China , ” Ma was quoted by Taiwan ’s Central News Agency as saying .
ADVERTISEMENT
Taiwan ’s defense ministry was also upbeat , saying : “ The defense ministry welcomes and thanks the US decision … .
This would enable Taiwan to be more confident in seeking reconciliation with China and help peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait . ”
“ The various defensive weapons provided by the US will also facilitate the transformation and modernization of our national defense , ” the Taiwanese ministry said .
ADVERTISEMENT
In Beijing , however , the deal ’s approval set in motion a flurry of angry activity .
Chinese Vice Foreign Minister
He Yafei made an urgent official protest to the US ambassador in Beijing , Jon Huntsman , Chinese officials told AFP .
The Chinese defense ministry also summoned the US Embassy ’s defense attache on Saturday afternoon to notify Washington military ties had been suspended , Xinhua reported .
ADVERTISEMENT
In the statement delivered to Huntsman , He urged Washington to cancel the deal , which he said would “ inevitably damage China - US relations … causing results that both sides do not want to see ” .
The deal constituted “ crude interference in China ’s internal affairs that seriously endangers China ’s national security and damages China ’s peaceful reunification ” , He said .
The sale marks Obama ’s most divisive act in China - US relations , after devoting his first year to broadening ties with Beijing despite discord on areas such as trade , human rights , Internet censorship and climate change .
The United States since 1979 has recognized Beijing as China ’s sole government .
But Congress at the same time required the United States to sell Taiwan weapons for its self - defense .
ADVERTISEMENT
Beijing argued again on Saturday that the arms sales violated the US commitment to Beijing ’s “ One China policy ” .
Analysts said China this time could retaliate by refusing to support sanctions on Iran , a key US priority .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton appealed to Beijing on Iran ’s nuclear program in remarks in Paris hours before the Taiwan sale was announced .
If 2009 was all about recession , for Wall Street , 2010 will be all about recovery .
One of the first signs of this will be seen in bankers ' pay packets .
January will be the month when investment banks such as Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley , and the more diversified conglomerates such as Citigroup and Bank of America , release details of what they intend to pay the " masters of the universe " .
Happy New Year , old relatives !
You can die , now .
That 's pretty much the grisly theme of this WSJ piece on the estate tax , which takes a one - year vacation in 2010 -- thanks , W! ( And Congress ! )
In a macabre act of inter-generational - kindness , a bunch of old people are trying to time their deaths just right to pass along their untaxed estate to their offspring .
How ... sweet ?
Here 's the nutshell of the story :
The macabre situation stems from 2001 , when Congress raised estate - tax exemptions , culminating with the tax 's disappearance next year .
However , due to budget constraints , lawmakers did n't make the change permanent .
So the estate tax is due to come back to life in 2011 -- at a higher rate and lower exemption .
Two points : 1 ) This is a perfect example of a molehill transformed by political voodoo into a mountain .
According to the article , the tax applies to about 5,500 taxpayers a year .
That number is not large !
And yet the attention that attends the " death " tax is .
2 ) I 'll be interested to watch how both parties deal with the tax for 2011 .
Naturally , Republicans are united against any action that involves not destroying the death tax forever .
That includes Sen. Judd Gregg , the moderate Republican and co-producer of the fantastical commission to reduce the deficit , who has consistently supported every effort to whittle away the estate tax .
Around the Web
Follow - up : More Ellie Light sightings ( The Plain Dealer )
Internet searches turn up many more Ellie Light sightings ( Church of the Apocalyptic Kiwi )
Mark Spivey : Another serial letter writer ?
( Left Coast Rebel )
Even more duplicate letters turn up ( Patterico's Pontifications )
Why I published Ellie Light 's letter ( Ben Smith , Politico )
Here 's what the Twitterverse has to say ( Twitter , via Icerocket search )
UPDATE : A man with access to the Ellie Light e-mail account says yes , it 's him .
Ellie Light sure gets around .
In recent weeks , Light has published virtually identical “ Letters to the Editor ” in support of President Barack Obama in more than a dozen newspapers .
Every letter claimed a different residence for Light that happened to be in the newspaper ’s circulation area .
“ It ’s time for Americans to realize that governing is hard work , and that a president ca n’t just wave a magic wand and fix everything , ” said a letter from alleged Philadelphian Ellie Light , that was published in the Jan. 19 edition of
.
A letter from Light in the Jan. 20 edition of the San Francisco Examiner concluded with an identical sentence , but with an address for Light all the way across the country in Daly City , California .
Variations of Light 's letter ran in Ohio's Mansfield News Journal on Jan. 13 , with Light claiming an address in Mansfield ; in New Mexico 's Ruidoso News on Jan. 12 , claiming an address in Three Rivers ; in South Carolina 's The Sun News on Jan. 18 , claiming an address in Myrtle Beach ; and in the Daily News Leader of Staunton , Virginia on Jan. 15 , claiming an address in Waynesboro .
Her publications list includes other papers in Ohio , West Virginia , Maine , Michigan , Iowa , Pennsylvania and California , all claiming separate addresses .
Light – who e-mailed an identical missive to this reporter on Jan. 16 without listing a hometown – would not answer e-mailed questions about the address discrepancies in newspapers that ran her letter , or her identity , although she did say she was n’t a former co-worker of this reporter ’s who had a similar name .
“ I do not write as a representative of any organization , ” she said in an e-mail .
“ The letter I wrote was motivated by surprise and wonderment at the absence of any media support for our President , who won a record - breaking election by a landslide less than 18 months ago , and now , seems to be abandoned by all , supposedly for the infantile reason that he could n’t make all of Bush ’s errors disappear in one day . ”
University of Missouri journalism professor Tom Rosenstiel , co-author of a textbook on journalistic values titled " The Elements of Journalism , " reacted with surprise and wonderment upon learning of Light 's widespread publication under multiple addresses .
He said newspapers might be able to avoid similar situations in the future by requesting street addresses and home telephone numbers from would - be correspondents , and verifying that those addresses and phone numbers exist .
" Just because it is inconvenient for us in the news business to find out who people are does n’t mean it is n’t important anymore , ” Rosenstiel said .
“ It is not OK for people to have multiple identities .
This is something that people in the news business and in the business of printing “ letters to the editor ” need to be aware of . ”
The Plain Dealer asks letter writers for a phone number for verification purposes .
This story was first posted at 4:54 p.m. Jan. 21 .
Update : " Ellie Light " responded to this story in the comments below .
Here 's what she had to say , and reporter Sabrina Eaton 's response .
If you 're in a hurry and looking for the quickest way to lose weight then you 've most likely heard of the Fat Loss 4 Idiots plan .
It 's extremely popular – and it's no wonder because it makes the bold statement that you can lose 9 lbs in 11 days – while eating all the goodies that you love the most .
Sounds like heaven , does n't it ?
But is it true or just marketing hype ?
What Is The Fat Loss Secret Of Fat Loss 4 Idiots ?
The fat loss secret is what is called " shifting " .
The body gets accustomed to a routine – which is part of the reason why a diet will work for us for a while , and not quit .
The idea is to keep our bodies ' confused ' – for lack of a better word .
We do this by constantly shifting our calorie count , the foods we eat , etc .
We are literally ' shocking ' our bodies into losing weight .
Does this work ?
Oddly , it does work , at least for some of us .
My son followed an exercise program that works on the same principles – and he lost 29 pounds in a bit less than two months .
Was I ever jealous !!! :-)
How Does The Fast Weight Loss Plan Work ?
When you join the Fat Loss 4 Idiots plan , you will have 24/7 access to an online meal generator .
This software will ask you a series of questions and , based on your preferences , will generate meal plans for 11 days .
Your food will consist of fruit , vegetables , lean protein – and fat , from eggs , for example .
There are also some yummy carbs like pasta ( I ADORE pasta ! ) and oatmeal .
You get to chow down on four meals per day which should be no more than 2 1/2 hours apart .
After 11 days of this quick weight loss diet eating , you 're get three " cheat days " where you can eat whatever you want .
This is part of the attempt to shock your metabolism for fast fat loss .
There is no :
* Calorie counting
* Carb counting
* Limit on portions
According to Fat Loss 4 Idiots , you should says you “ just eat short of being full ” .
What I Do Like About This Rapid Weight Loss Diet
We wo n't ever go hungry !
Part of the reasons that so many diets are failures is that we simply get hungry !
Our bodies have been programmed for survival for a couple of million years and the fat that you do n't fit into your new dress means nothing to your body .
It is programmed to eat – and eat NOW !
The diet information is inexpensive .
None of the high costs of programs that deliver your meals at home or charge monthly .
There are easy ways to lose weight – and complicated ones .
This one is definitely simple to follow unlike more complicated programs , like The Zone .
You 'll get access to an online diet generator for menus , as well as a book which includes weight loss tips and mistakes to avoid .
There are lots of choices , based on YOUR diet preferences .
Some diets I 've seen have foods that no sane human would ever eat – ' pickled ostrich eggs ' ?
I do n't think so !
[ Just kidding .
I ’ve never seen a diet like that , but considering some of the weird stuff I ’ve seen , I would n’t be surprised – would you ? ]
The Fat Loss 4
Idiots diet is about how to lose fat fast – but it does n't rely on junk food to do that .
It 's all about whole foods , foods that are n't high in sugar or processed .
It does n't recommend tons of supplements , especially supplements provided by the company , so that is a money saver as well .
We will lose weight quickly in the beginning , which will help for inspiration and to keep us focused and determined .
And best of all , are the cheat days .
We can endure a diet for 11 days – if there is a reward to look forward to .
Especially if that reward will help us to lose weight .
There is fat included in this diet – which is excellent .
Fat keeps us from getting hungry and without it we become ravenous !
What I Don't Like About This Rapid Weight Loss Diet
I am a vegetarian – mostly a vegan – and I first checked out this diet when it was brand new and there were n't many choices for us non-meat eaters .
Those choices that did exist were like cottage cheese and eggs .
I do like these foods but mostly eat vegan meals – meaning no animal products at all .
Since that time , friends have told me that there are more choices for people like me .
One of those are the meatless vegetarian products , like burgers and hot dogs .
I love those , so I can now definitely see the Fat Loss 4 Idiots as one of the better quick weight loss diets .
Is The Fat Loss 4 Idiots Diet Right For YOU ?
Fat Loss 4
Idiots is definitely a highly - successful quick weight loss diet that teaches how to lose weight fast .
And those of us who are – or have been – overweight want to lose the flab fast .
Like in the next five minutes .
( Right ? Right ? )
So read over the pluses and minuses carefully before making a decision .
A fast weight loss plan is only ' right ' if you can follow it .
The last thing any of us need is another wretched diet failure !!!
Reddit Email 0 Shares
When a relief plane for the Physicians without Borders is n’t allowed to land by US military authorities at the airport in Port - au - Prince , there is an outcry .
But Israeli military authorities will not allow any relief planes at all to land in the Gaza Strip ( the Israelis destroyed Gaza ’s airport in 2001 ) .
We cheer when a Haitian child is rescued from the rubble , but ignore the thousands of Gazan children who are suffering malnutrition and being buried by Israeli policy , a policy that is a war crime .
I am of course not the only to be struck by this contrast : see also Phil Weiss and others quoted at his essential site .
On Wednesday , 80 international aid groups called upon Israel to change its policy of blockading civilians in Gaza , because it is having severe negative effects on the health of Gazans .
Admittedly , the situation in Gaza is not as dire as that in Haiti .
But it is very , very bad , and it is man-made .
The Israeli government imposed a blockade on the Gaza strip in 2007 and has maintained it ever since .
It limits the import of fuel and staples , and punishes the whole population .
Since half of the 1.5 million Gazans are children , the Israeli siege of the little territory is among the more massive ongoing cases of child abuse in the world .
There is a virtual news blackout on this atrocity in the US mass media , and attempts of two sets of activists to get humanitarian aid to Gaza in recent weeks were largely ignored by them .
Nor is the Gaza blockade a mere preoccupation of utopian human rights activists .
It has become an element of regional geo-politics .
It is part of the reason for significant tensions between Israel and one of its few allies in the Middle East , Turkey .
As Turkey has democratized and Muslim sentiments have become more important in its politics , and as it has increasingly emerged as a new Middle Eastern power ( some speak of neo-Ottomanism ) , its concern with issues such as Gaza has become more central .
The horrible condition of the Gazans is often the lead story on Arab satellite news channels such as Aljazeera , and public anger about it ( expressed as much toward the US and the Egyptian regime as toward Israel ) is at a boiling point .
That anger feeds into terrorism against the West .
The Gaza blockade is isolating Israel and fuelling a widespread boycott movement in Europe , Canada and South Africa .
And , of course , the blockade makes even the virulently anti-Shiite Sunni fundamentalists of Hamas willing to take aid from Iran , bestowing a toehold in the Levant on Tehran .
The French statesman Talleyrand once observed of Napoleon I ’s murder of the Duc d’Enghien that “ It is worse than a crime ; it is a blunder . ”
The same could be said of the Gaza blockade from the point of view of any realistic Israeli and US foreign policy .
Last year UNICEF found that about one in ten children in Gaza is severely malnourished , to the point of stunting .
The Israeli blockade is deeply implicated in this semi-starvation of tens of thousands of children , as is the Gaza War launched by Israel a little over a year ago , which wrecked nearly one - fifth of farms and deeply hurt agriculture in general .
Gaza once flourished agriculturally , but it was cut off by Israel from its natural markets in the Levant , and the US and Egypt have been induced to support the blockade .
The World Health Organization fact sheet on Gaza ’s plight , issued yesterday , reads like a post - apocalyptic Hollywood film .
WHO says :
‘ The closure of Gaza since mid-2007 and the last Israeli military strike between 27 December 2008 and 18 January 2009 have led to on - going deterioration in the social , economic and environmental determinants of health .
Many specialized treatments , for example for complex heart surgery and certain types of cancer , are not available in Gaza and patients are therefore referred for treatment to hospitals outside Gaza .
But many patients have had their applications for exit permits denied or delayed by the Israeli Authorities and have missed their appointments .
Some have died while waiting for referral .
. .
Supplies of drugs and disposables have generally been allowed into Gaza .
However , there are often shortages on the ground mainly because of shortfalls in deliveries . . .
Delays of up to 2 - 3 months occur on the importation of certain types of medical equipment , such as x-ray machines and electronic devices .
Clinical staff frequently lack the medical equipment they need .
Medical devices are often broken , missing spare parts or out of date .
. . – Health professionals in Gaza have been cut off from the outside world .
Since 2000 , very few doctors , nurses or technicians have been able to leave the Strip for training eg to update their clinical skills or to learn about new medical technology .
This is severely undermining their ability to provide quality health care .
. . .
GAZA ’S ECONOMY IN COLLAPSE Rising unemployment ( 41.5 percent of Gaza ’s workforce in the first quarter of 2009 ) and poverty ( in May 2008 , 70 percent of the families were living on an income of less than one dollar a day per person ) is likely to have long term adverse effects on the physical and mental health of the population [ the unemployment is a direct result of the Israeli blockade ] .
. .
OPERATION “ CAST LEAD ” — IMPACT ON HEALTH FACILITIES AND STAFF [ I.e. the Israeli war on Gaza in winter 2008 - 2009 ] – 16 health workers killed and 25 injured on duty – Damaged health services infrastructure :
+ 15 of 27 Gaza ’s hospitals
+ 43 of its 110 Primary Health Care services
+ 29 of its 148 ambulances –
The lack of building materials is affecting essential health facilities : the new surgical wing in Gaza�fs main Shifa hospital has remained unfinished since 2006 .
Hospitals and primary care facilities , damaged during operation � Cast Lead� , have not been rebuilt because construction materials are not allowed into Gaza . ’
The UN complained that while Israel has a fair record of allowing treatment of Gazans in Israeli hospitals , and that record has improved , some 300 - 400 requests a month are met with substantial delays or turned down .
This issue was foregrounded by a lot of the wire services who picked up the story , but it seems to me not the most important problem .
The blockade is the problem .
The Israeli blockade is aimed at weakening Hamas , a fundamentalist party - militia that won power in the Palestine Authority in the elections of January 2006 .
( Ironically , the Israelis had supported Hamas the late 1980s in hopes of splitting the Palestinians )
When the Bush administration and Israel successfully induced the Palestine Liberation Organization of Mahmoud Abbas to make a coup in the West Bank and dislodge the elected Hamas government there , Hamas managed to hang on to power in Gaza , in part because of strong public support .
Hamas has committed terrorism against Israeli civilians , and launched small rockets at nearby Israeli towns .
It had however made a truce with Israel in 2008 , which it observed until Israel broke it , and no Israelis had been killed by Hamas rockets in the lead - up to Israel ’s war on the small territory .
Collectively punishing 1.5 million Gazans in order to weaken Hamas is in any case strictly illegal in international law and is a war crime .
According to Article 33 of the Fourth Geneva Convention of 1949 :
‘ Article 33 .
No protected person may be punished for an offense he or she has not personally committed .
Collective penalties and likewise all measures of intimidation or of terrorism are prohibited .
Pillage is prohibited .
Reprisals against protected persons and their property are prohibited . ’
Not only is today ’s ongoing blockade a war crime , but it follows on and continues destructive policies of the Israeli military during the Gaza War , as the Goldstone Report for the United Nations concluded .
The Boston Globe reported Goldstone ’s defense of his findings at Brandeis University ( h/t Mondoweiss .
‘ Goldstone said his central criticism of Israel is that its strategy intentionally applied disproportionate force in Gaza to inflict widespread damage on the civilian population .
His report found that the Israeli air and ground attacks destroyed 5,000 homes ; put 200 factories out of operation , including the only flour factory in the country ; systematically destroyed egg - producing chicken farms ; and bombed sewage and water systems .
“ If that is n’t collective punishment , what is ? ’’
Goldstone asked .’
Very little of this destruction deliberately visited on civilians has been repaired , in large part because the Israelis wo n’t allow the materiel in necessary for rebuilding .
Until President Obama does something to end the Gaza siege and its attendant horrors , his Mideast policy will remain an abject failure .
End / ( Not Continued )
Das kommende " Imperium des neuen Wissens "
Ob sich da manche stiff upperlip ein wenig bange gekräuselt hat oder war man doch eher " amused " und rieb sich die gepflegten Hände in vorfreudiger Erwartung des goldenen - profitablen - Zeitalters der Information , dem " Imperium des neuen Wissens " , das der Medien - Großmogul heraufdämmern sieht ?
Von den Reaktionen der Zuhörerschaft , die gestern Abend den jüngsten revolutionären Visionen von Rupert Murdoch ( vgl. Schon wieder eine Revolution verschlafen ? ) lauschten , verrät der Bericht des Guardian leider nichts .
Nur dass die erlesenen Gäste der 603 Jahre alten Gilde mit dem Dickenschen Namen " The Worshipful Company of Stationers and Newspaper Makers " einen seltenen Gast hatten , der das Medienestablishment mit einer Gorbatschowschen Alternative konfrontierte : " Change or die ! "
Ganze Länder gefährdet
Die Macht würde sich weg bewegen von den alten Eliten der Medienindustrie , von den Herausgebern , den Bossen , den Eigentümern , die Ära der " Medienbarone " sei zu Ende , so Murdoch , der Tycoon einer multinationalen Mediengruppe .
Er prophezeit gewaltige Auswirkungen der Informationsrevolution : Nicht nur Firmen , ganze Länder würden von der neuen Technologie entweder aufgebaut oder zerstört .
Man dürfe die großartigen Veränderungen , die längst im Gange sind , nicht unterschätzen , so seine Warnung .
Gesellschaften und Firmen , die sich hinter einer glorreichen Vergangenheit verschanzen würden , sei das Scheitern sicher .
Man müsse sich neu orientieren :
A new generation of media consumers has risen demanding content delivered when they want it , how they want it , and very much as they want it .
Großer Journalismus würde immer Leser anziehen und traditionellen Zeitungen noch einige gute Jahre ins Haus stehen .
Aber Gedrucktes würde künftig nur mehr einer von mehreren Kanälen zum Leser sein .
Medien würden wie " Fast - Food " werden , Nachrichten über Handys und Handhelds schnell zugänglich und überall abrufbar .
Er selbst habe die Macht des Internet lange Jahre unterschätzt .
Jetzt wisse er , dass das Netz eine " kreative , destruktive Technologie " ist , die alles in ihrem Weg neu ordnet .
Wie es heißt , hat Murdochs Unternehmen jetzt 400 Millionen Dollar in MySpace.com investiert .
Möglich , dass die Dinergäste von solchen visionären Häppchen beeindruckt waren , interessant ist der Ausflug zum Abendessen im Londoner Grade 1 - Gebäude " Stationers ' Hall " vor allem , weil er ein kurzes Schlaglicht darauf wirft , wie die gegenwärtigen Transformationen im Nachrichten - , Medien - und Zeitungsgeschäft in der obersten Etage wahrgenommen werden .
Seismische Transformation
Gar nicht abgehoben , aber dafür ungleich erkenntnisreicher ist in diesem Zusammenhang der aktuelle Bericht des Project for Excellence in Journalism , einem Institut , das mit der Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism verbunden ist .
Vom Ende des herkömmlichen Journalismus wollen die Verfasser des Berichtes nicht sprechen , aber auch sie beobachten eine " seismische Transformation dessen , was und wie man heutzutage von der Welt ( an ) Wissen erfährt . "
Auch sie beobachten , dass sich die Medienmacht von den Journalisten als den klassischen Gate - Keepern zum Publikum hin bewegt .
Auch ihnen ist aufgefallen , dass sich das Publikum mehr von den alten zu den neuen Medien bewegt und eine aktivere Rolle einnimmt ( Stichwort Blogs , Citizen media ) .
Die Journalisten müssten entsprechend ihre Rolle neu definieren und sich Gedanken darüber machen , welche essentiellen Werte sie gewahrt haben wollen .
Ein Prozess , der nach Meinung der Verfasser erst sehr langsam beginnt .
Der Citizen - Media - und Blogger - Boom hat nach ihrer Ansicht eine Schattenseite , die bislang in dieser Deutlichkeit noch von niemandem herausgestellt wurde : Die offenen Kanäle geben auch Vertretern von " speziellen Interessen " die Möglichkeit , anonym oder unter einer anderen Identität Einfluss auszuüben .
Die Sorge , welche die Verfasser beschäftigt , ist nicht das " wundersame Hinzukommen der Citizen Media " zum klassischen Medienpool , sondern der Verfall der Beobachtung und Kontrolle von mächtigen Institutionen durch professionelle Vollzeit - Journalisten .
Immer mehr Publikationen veröffentlichen die gleichen Stories
Das neue Paradox des Journalismus sei nämlich , dass immer mehr Publikationen immer weniger Geschichten abdeckten .
Das hat zum einen damit zu tun , dass die Zeitungsbranche in den USA arg kränkelt und auch große Zeitungen und Magazine ( New York Times , Washington Post , Newsweek ) ihr Newsroom - und Reporter - Personal drastisch kürzen , und zum anderen mit dem Zeitdruck , dem Journalisten unterliegen , die sich eine Spezialisierung nicht mehr leisten können und dadurch auch nur über beschränkte Kontakte verfügen .
Die Konzentration ihrer journalistischen Mitarbeiter auf wenige populäre Themen würde den Nachrichtenmachern eine Kontrolle über das geben , was das Publikum weiß .
Den Regierungsinstitutionen wäre es so ein Leichtes , die " Schar von Reportern , Korrespondenten , Crews und Paparazzi " in die für die Presse freigegebenen Räume zu locken - weg von den News .
Eine Ausnahme bildete die Berichterstattung über den Hurrikan Katrina im vergangenen Jahr , eben weil die Behörden nicht schnell genug schalteten .
Die Art von Zeitung , die nach der Studie am meisten gefährdet ist , ist das Big - City - Metro - Paper , im letzten Jahrhundert dominant auf dem Nachrichtenmarkt .
Auch dieser
Trend fügt sich für die Autoren in ein eher sorgenvolles Bild , da es gerade diese Zeitungen sind , welche über die Ressourcen , Mittel und den Ehrgeiz verfügten , als " watchdogs " über städtische , regionale und staatliche Institutionen zu wachen .
Es sei fraglich , ob diese Aufgabe von Vorstadt - Tageszeitungen oder Wochenzeitungen übernommen werden könnte .
Und für die Bloggerszene gelte - trotz all ihrer Qualitäten und Bereicherungen , die sie beisteuert - noch immer , dass sie vorwiegend von der Berichterstattung größerer Publikationen lebe .
Der Anteil von Reportern in der Blogosphäre sei derzeit leider noch sehr gering .
Idealisten haben verloren , die Buchhalter gewonnen
Den Kampf zwischen journalistischen Idealisten und der eher wirtschaftlich denkenden Führung in den herkömmlichen Medienunternehmen der USA sei vorbei , so ein anderes Fazit der Studie .
Gewonnen haben die an der Wirtschaftlichkeit orientierten Kräfte .
Inzwischen sei es gar nicht mehr sicher , ob in vielen News - Media - Unternehmen überhaupt noch Stimmen präsent seien , die sich für das " öffentliche Interesse " einsetzten .
Dafür habe es einen bemerkenswerten Wandel in den traditionellen Medien gegeben .
Während man früher das Internet nur als Plattform für recyceltes Printmaterial begriffen habe , habe sich hier im letzten Jahr ein Wandel gezeigt .
Endlich begreife man das Internet als eigenständiges Medium , das eine eigene Form brauche und andere Leseransprüche bedienen müsse .
Ob das jüngere Publikum damit zu gewinnen ist , bleibt allerdings unklar , ebenso steht die Antwort auf die Frage noch aus , ob die traditionellen Medien mit ihrem Internetauftritt tatsächlich ihre " Kultur " verändern können oder ob sie damit nicht einfach ihrer Neigung folgen , die Leserschaft ihrer traditionellen Publikationen halten zu wollen .
Muss Google künftig für News bezahlen ?
Die interessanteren Fragen , die auf die Nachrichtenindustrie zukommen , werfen aber die sogenannten News - Aggregators auf .
Durch Google und Yahoo sei das Nachrichtengeschäft noch schneller geworden , die Verfallszeit der Nachrichtenprodukte noch kürzer - außer bei den Bloggern , dort halten sich die Stories mit wertvollem I nhalt länger .
Dies geschehe auf Kosten derjenigen , von denen die Nachrichten stammen .
Entweder , so folgern die Verfasser der Studie , müssen Google und Yahoo über kurz oder lang selbst Nachrichten produzieren , die ersten " Baby - Schritte " würden da auch schon gemacht , oder die Old - School - Nachrichten - Produzenten müssten künftig Geld von den News - Portalen verlangen .
Die Frage wäre , ob Google oder Yahoo mehr als Technologie - Unternehmen werden können und wenn , inwieweit sie den Werten eines Journalismus , der sich am öffentlichen Interesse orientiert , folgen würden ?
( Thomas Pany )
