Citroen presented their new Metropolis Concept , a car with impressive dimensions : 5.3 m long , 2 m wide & 1.4 m high , revealing great curves and details .
Citroen Metropolis Concept
These pictures that you see are new made public by the producer to show better the hybrid car , with a V6 2.0 liter engine and an electric one , generating 460 hp and a maximum torque of 430 Nm .
Citroen Metropolis Concept
At the rear , Metropolis offers width and stability with flowing aerodynamic lines that are incorporating an active spoiler , and signature Citroen design flourishes , such as a concave rear window .
Citroen Metropolis Concept
When additional performance is required , the car uses both the electric and the combustion engine to deliver a maximum power output of 460 hp ( 345 kW ) and 430 Nm of torque – equivalent to a 4 - litre V8 petrol engine .
The car will make its debute at the Shanghai World Fair , 1th May , this year .
Source : carbodydesign.com
A lunch meal portion waits at the Part of the Solution ( POTS ) soup kitchen and food pantry in the Bronx borough of New York , in this file image from December 13 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton / Files
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Nearly 40 million Americans received food stamps -- the latest in an ever - higher string of record enrollment that dates from December 2008 and the U.S. recession , according to a government update .
Food stamps are the primary federal anti-hunger program , helping poor people buy food .
Enrollment is highest during times of economic distress .
The jobless rate was 9.9 percent , the government said on Friday .
The Agriculture Department said 39.68 million people , or 1 in 8 Americans , were enrolled for food stamps during February , an increase of 260,000 from January .
USDA updated its figures on Wednesday .
“ This is the highest share of the U.S. population on SNAP / food stamps , ” said the anti-hunger group Food Research and Action Center , using the new name for food stamps , Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program ( SNAP ) .
“ Research suggests that one in three eligible people are not receiving ... benefits . ”
Enrollment has set a record each month since reaching 31.78 million in December 2008 .
USDA estimates enrollment will average 40.5 million people this fiscal year , which ends Sept 30 , at a cost of up to $ 59 billion .
For fiscal 2011 , average enrollment is forecast for 43.3 million people .
Privacy groups gave a half - hearted welcome to Facebook 's announcement on Wednesday night that it would roll out new , simplified privacy settings to its 450 million users in the next few weeks .
The UK group Privacy International reacted with " disappointment and frustration " , saying that " the latest changes merely correct some of the most unacceptable privacy settings on the site .
Very little has changed in terms of the overall privacy challenge that Facebook and its users need to navigate . "
Instead it said that the changing of the settings – which previously required users to navigate through up to 150 different settings to control who could see their data , to a simpler four - tiered version plus a " customise " option – was " merely a red herring " .
The problem , it said , is that " Facebook operates on a business model that requires it to monetise the data harvested from customers . "
But Mark Zuckerberg , the Facebook founder , was insistent yesterday that the company does not sell any personal data to advertisers or marketers , and that people misunderstood how its targeted advertising system worked .
Facebook 's adverts will still target individuals even if they share absolutely no data with anyone , he explained : " The principle is that we do n't give any information to advertisers .
None .
They come to us and say that they want to hit a certain group of people , and we target the ads ourselves .
We take the ads , and show them to the person that we think is interested .
So it does n't matter who you 're showing your information to .
It does n't matter if you share it at all .
It makes no difference to the advertising or the advertisers . "
The reason why Facebook recommends that people share some of their information , such as " status updates " about their mood , or details about where they live , he said , is so that other people on the service can find former friends or people they want to befriend .
" It does by definition make sense to share [ those ] with everyone , " Zuckerberg said as he launched the new settings at Facebook 's headquarters in Silicon Valley .
" But for photos and videos , it makes sense to restrict them . "
He insisted that the changes made in December , which spread status updates and other personal identification around the internet by default , were not done to please advertisers .
" Anyone who knows me knows that that 's crazy . "
The American Civil Liberties Union , which had collected more than 80,000 signatures on petitions demanding that Facebook should give users control over all the information , and not share it with third parties without opt - in consent , said that the company deserved " a lot of credit " for the changes it had introduced .
" These changes address several of the most serious privacy problems with [ Facebook 's ] service . "
But it said that Facebook needed to roll back the sharing of basic information to the situation of a year ago , where most information was private by default .
Meanwhile , Facebook users have suggested their own way to make Zuckerberg more sensitive to how his site 's privacy settings work – with the creation of a new Facebook group .
Its title : " Whatever the default privacy settings are Mark Zuckerberg should be on them " .
Its self - description : " If he expects us to have them by default then Mark Zuckerberg should be using them !
If he 's not prepared to use what he calls the defaults then why should we tolerate them . "
Although it only began early on Thursday , created by London - based web designer Jeff Sutton , the group is growing rapidly .
It is not presently known whether Zuckerberg uses Facebook 's " recommended " settings – though the Guardian is trying to establish this .
Update : : Facebook has replied , and says that Zuckerberg has privacy settings that are slightly more open than the recommended settings .
In a statement , a spokesperson said : " Mark shares most information about himself and what he 's up to with anyone who visits his profile .
Some of these settings are more open than the recommended settings .
At the same time , he 's somewhat of a public figure and so he limits friend requests and messages on his personal page and , instead , uses his public page to interact with everyone ( http://www.facebook.com/markzuckerberg).
You can see what he shares on his personal page by having a look at his profile : http://www.facebook.com/zuck. "
So now you know ...
Advertisements
Glenn Beck Mocks Rachel Maddow for Using Big Words
Advertisements
Here ’s a story about a glorified high school graduate and professional clown taking on a Rhodes Scholar and losing .
In other words , this is a Glenn Beck clowns it up regarding Rachel Maddow story .
On his radio show today Glenn Beck mocked MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow for using the term Paleoconservative on her MSNBC program this week .
Since Beck does n’t know what the term means he said , “ What the hell is a Paleoconservative , a dinosaur ? ”
He then told progressives to stop making up terms .
Actually , the term was coined by a conservative 30 years ago , and Beck once again demonstrated his illiteracy .
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
BECK : “ We ’re just talking about Rachel Maddow ’s comments on this ……. she ’s talking to a guy about the Miranda schism sort of that exists in the Right , she ’s got a guest from the Nation on …
Beck runs the Rachel Maddow clip where Rachel uses the term “ Paleoconservative ” below .
BECK : Stop !
What is a Paleoconservative ?
A dinosaur ?
What the hell is a Paleoconservative ?
Have you ever heard of it ?
I ’ve never heard that term before !
Beck ’s guest tries to tell Beck that the term exists , but Beck persists .
BECK : Progressives !
Stop making up terms ! ”
Beck ’s guest tells him to look it up .
Too bad Glenn did n’t do that before he went on air .
Here is the definition from dictionary.com :
“ pa·le·o·con·serv·a·tive
- noun
1. a person advocating an older , traditional type of conservatism , esp. in politics .
- adjective
2. noting or pertaining to such people or their views ”
The term was originally coined by conservative author Paul Gottfried in 1981 .
A bit o’ history :
“ The term paleoconservative was coined around this time by either Thomas Fleming and / or Paul Gottfried originally as a joke .
Paleo , as a prefix meaning old or ancient , was to designate the opposite of neo meaning new .
Even though it was initially coined as a joke , the term caught on .
Some paleos have objected to the term , suggesting it invokes images of dinosaurs .
It may well be true that the term was embraced and used by the paleos ’ enemies because they saw it as unflattering .
At this point we are probably stuck with the term .
It is now routinely used by both its proponents and its detractors .
Personally , I kind of like the term .
As a proud traditionalist , I am perfectly comfortable with a word that invokes ancient or old as opposed to a word that invokes the new .
Such an attitude I ’m sure appalls the progressives . ”
Kinda hard to mock liberal elites for their elitisty elitism when you prove yourself unwilling to even pick up a dictionary and hence out yourself once again as a misinformed / deliberately misinforming clown .
For all of you who are willing to hang in there for the sake of broadening your horizons or , gee , learning something , whilst Rachel uses words that may or may not be in your immediate vocabulary , here is the Rachel Maddow segment in full :
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Chris Hayes , Rachel Maddow ’s guest from the Nation , was making the point that Conservatives have never liked Miranda , since its inception in 1966 .
Hayes :
They hated it ( Miranda ) then and they hate it now … they do n’t like it ; they probably do n’t want you or I or citizens to have Miranda .
So there is this old ideological vendetta that ’s being prosecuted against Miranda …
Rachel : I wonder also if we are at a point with this where there is , I guess maybe , a fork in the road between sort of Paleoconservatives on an issue like this - law and order Paleoconservatives – and Libertarian Conservatives in that we ’re seeing people like , most notably today , Glenn Beck , the host on Fox News Channel , saying actually it ’s important that these suspects are read their Miranda rights , we ca n’t shred the Constitution just when it ’s not — when it ’s not convenient .
To see a split between somebody like John McCain and somebody who is the New Right - Libertarian Right – in the form of Glenn Beck — does that split map with the old grudge against Miranda rights in the Conservative movement ?
As an added bonus , Rachel also clarified the point that due process is afforded to everyone in America , not just citizens , but I digress .
I guess we can sum this up by saying that Economically Libertarian Conservative Glenn Beck just called Paleoconservative John McCain a dinosaur .
It would behoove Beck to make use of the googles before he makes a national fool out of himself , but then , the googles may be too socialist for him .
There is always the old fashioned dictionary , though .
Dare I suggest , the Paleodictionary ?
I ca n’t imagine what paranoia can be stopping Beck from cracking that book open every now and again .
Surely Ayn Rand would approve , no ?
This is , of course , a part of Fox News ’s agenda to keep their viewers angry and misinformed ( and voting Republican ) .
Cue the Beck viewer who comes here to leave a comment mocking us liberal elites , sure that Paleoconservative is not a word .
There ’s not much you can do when talking to people who are so insulated from reality that they do not know they ’ve been proven wrong by indisputable facts .
Hi , Greg ,
I seem to recall that the current economic disaster began and in fact grew to its monstrous size under your President , whose policies were so short - sighted and reckless that he managed to turn a several billion dollar surplus into a near total economic collapse in eight years .
The TARP was his program , a last minute bailout of his buds on the Street who had treated the money entrusted to them by the middle class as their own private casino funds , bet it all again and again in speculative endeavors that even they admit were absurd , and -- gee whillikers !-- ultimately collapsed under their own artificially propped up weight .
You may certainly disagree with Obama 's Keynesian approach to resolving the problem , but if you examine what is happening in the economy today there is little doubt that it is working .
Not as quickly as everyone would like it to work , certainly , but then it took a very long time to create this mess , so fixing it in a little more than a year is and always was highly unlikely .
Still , let 's see what Obama has presided over thus far , shall we ?
When he came in , the stock market was in free fall .
Today , it has completely recovered and is setting records .
When he came in , the American auto business was in danger of becoming extinct .
Today , Detroit may not be thriving , but the Big 3 are alive and well and looking to the future .
When he came in , Bush had allocated $ 700B in TARP money , more than $ 400B of which was given to " too big to fail " corporations .
Today , half of that has already been repaid .
When he came in , the nation was bleeding jobs , losing them at a pace that seemed assured to land us in another Great Depression .
Almost immediately , after passing the Recovery Act , the bleeding lessened .
Every month of his administration , it has continued to lessen .
Then , in December , the economy began producing jobs .
Every month since then it has produced more jobs than the month before , with over 200K produced in April alone .
He has managed to accomplish something that Presidents have been trying to do since Teddy Roosevelt : get Congress to adopt a national health care policy that regulates the insurance industry and guarantees coverage without recision .
It is not enough , but it is a start .
He has removed the banks as middle men in the student loan industry for the first time since Reagan put them there .
Do you know when college education costs started skyrocketing ?
I 'll tell you : the Reagan administration .
Hmmm ...
Again , it 's not nearly enough , but it 's a step .
Despite being fought tooth and nail by opposition whose only cohesive policy appears to be " say no to everything Obama wants , " he seems to be making headway against most of the big issues that faced him when he came into office .
If the GOP would stop playing politics and start ( oh , I do n't know ) trying to govern , we could be well on our way not only to recovery but to a truly remarkable time in America .
But the GOP would rather foster unrest and encourage anger and hatred and doubt than do anything positive at this point in their existence .
Truly , that 's too bad .
When I look at the sorry state of the Republican Party right now , I just feel sad .
It has been taken over by its worst elements .
You ask me to " vote conservative " ?
I do n't think I could if I even wanted to .
True conservatives are hard to come by in this charade of " tea party " extremists .
When Bob Bennett gets kicked out of the Senate by his constituents in Utah for not being " conservative " enough , the world is out of whack .
When Charlie Crist and Arlen Spector can't find a place any longer within the GOP , something is seriously wrong with the party of Lincoln .
When John McCain has to stoop to picking Sarah Freaking Palin as a running mate to appease the ultra right wing knuckle - draggers in his own party and then agree to allow her to foment vitriol in rally after rally to the extent that things got so out of control that even he had to step in at one rally and set his voters straight , someone has lost all sense of propriety .
When the party becomes the home of bigots and birthers and men who show up to Presidential rallies wearing weapons , sanity has left the building .
When the State of Maine , which usually remains somewhat above the lunacy and which has ( to its credit ) the only two moderate Republicans still allowed to roam free , loses its collective mind and issues a political platform that is so utterly ( as one writer put it ) " batshit crazy " that at one point it actually demands that the State of Maine officially oppose any attempt to create a one - world government , the whole party has officially come unhinged .
Talk about giving in to the conspiracy theorists .
Why do n't they just mandate tin-foil hats ?
The thing is that conservatism , true conservatism , is needed in this country .
Just as yin needs yang , as dark needs light , as up needs down , so liberal needs conservative .
Everything requires balance .
Bush proved that .
When the Dems were rolling over and playing dead , acquiescing to everything he asked for in his first term instead of using the fact that his majorities were slim to negotiate better bills , Bush rode roughshod over the Constitution , deceived us into an immoral and very costly war , became the king of the unfunded mandate , and spent years rewarding the richest people in the land and ignoring everyone else so that , just before everything went to hell , the gap between executive and worker pay was by far the largest it had ever been in history .
The rich got richer and richer and the middle class and the poor could not make ends meet .
These were his legacies , Greg .
His legacies , not Obama's .
Because he was a neocon , not a true conservative .
I do not agree with conservatism , as you are well aware .
But I respect it .
It is honorable and sincere and those who believe in its philosophies truly have the best interests of America in mind when they run for offices under conservative banners .
But the neocons ?
Uh uh .
History will record -- if they have not started us on an irreparable path to our own national destruction -- that they were one of the greediest and most self - righteous groups of leaders ever , that their hypocrisy was matched only by their amorality , and that they presided over the systematic and intentional undermining of a system of checks and balances that had been in place since the Great Depression which , once gone , unleashed a torrent of cash into their coffers and aggressively destroyed the economy for everyone else .
Sadly , there would be no place in today 's GOP for any GOP President in American history save Bush and ( maybe ) Reagan .
Pappy Bush would never make it .
Nixon ?
He 's practically a liberal .
Ford ?
Forget it .
Ike ?
No way in hell .
Do you what the taxes were like under Ike ?
The highest progressive tax rate was 90 % for the income in the highest margins .
90 % . Imagine that !
And what did the poorest pay ?
Nothing .
Communist !
Where is the party of these Presidents ?
Where is the party of William F. Buckley ?
Where is the party of Russell Kirk ?
Hell , Barry Goldwater , who was considered so outrageously conservative in 1964 that Lyndon Johnson 's voters actually believed the " daisy ad , " would be in the Democratic Party today .
William Safire defined himself as a " libertarian conservative " ; is there even room for that in today 's GOP ?
This GOP has earned its " Party of No " moniker .
When Obama got his first chance at a SCOTUS nominee , the GOP began torching the selection long before they knew who it would be , proclaiming ( basically ) the downfall of civilization as we know it if this nominee ( whoever it happened to be apparently was unimportant ) got through .
They played pretty much the same game with his second selection , though many of them -- to their credit -- actually like Elana Kagan .
( We 'll see if they actually support her .
The two do n't necessarily equate .
They filibustered one of Obama 's appointees for six months before finally approving her 98 - 0 . )
Despite the fact -- the fact -- that Obama has , from the outset , reached out to them time after time after time , angering his own constituents in the process by ( in the opinion of many on the left ) giving away the store before negotiations even start just to show his good faith , the GOP insists on maintaining the lie that he refuses to include them in anything .
The health care bill is chock full of Republican ideas , but all you heard from them was " he 's shoving it down our throats . "
The first thing Obama did in the Recovery bill was to agree to tax cuts despite the fact that Keynesian economics tells us that they are utterly counterproductive because it would , he thought , bring the GOP to the table .
In the final Stim Bill , there were I think almost $ 200B in cuts .
My taxes were lower this year ; were yours ?
A study just today says that we are being taxed at the lowest rate since Truman .
Do you understand that ?
We are paying a smaller percentage of overall income in taxes than at any time since 1950 ( and a significantly smaller percentage than during the Bush years ) .
Good Lord !
What does anyone have to complain about the job the government is doing with the little we are still giving them ?
Do n't get me wrong .
I do n't want to give them more .
I can't afford to .
But I 'll tell you what : unlike the idiots who took the Washington Metro to anti-government rallies to chant against all taxes and government interference in their daily lives ( " but keep your hands off our Medicare ! " ) and then bitch about the long waits to get back home on the ( government - run ) trains , saying that someone should have put more cars on duty for the rallies , I understand what I am paying for .
I am paying for the infrastructure of this nation .
Much of it is old and crumbling and in desperate need of repair , and , yes , in need of our tax dollars to make those repairs happen .
But I would n't be driving on interstate highways with excellent police protection to places that wo n't burn down because fire codes are strictly enforced where I can eat healthy food that I know wo n't kill me because health codes too are enforced ( and I could go on ) if it were not for those tax dollars .
That 's just the truth .
And I for one would not wish to do without any of these things .
And , seeing the excellent job that the banks and the insurance industries have done of keeping college and health costs down through good old fashioned capitalistic free enterprise , and watching the way Wall Street has consistently screwed the middle class while padding its pockets , even during the current crisis -- even while taking taxpayer handouts !-- I think I 'd rather have the government in charge and take my chances .
( Oh , and before you say " but Medicare is a shambles , " just stop .
It 's not .
It 's just underfunded .
Thank you , Bush tax cuts .
There is a reason those tea partiers are holding those " hands off my medicare " signs , and it is n't because they like crappy health care . )
I do n't usually bother trying to get you to see " my " side of the political argument , Greg .
Frankly , it 's not worth it .
You are an amazingly smart guy , but you 've spent too many hours watching Fox News and believing that you are seeing something that actually is true .
Heck , I think Rush Limbaugh has even begun to believe the garbage he spews into the ether , and he was perfectly willing to admit several years ago that he is , first and foremost , an entertainer .
( FWIW , I do n't think that Ann Coulter believes a word she says .
I think she is a huge hypocrite saying whatever she thinks will sell books , and she 's found a ready audience on Fox .
She 's become such a caricature of herself that she simply cannot be taken seriously and , unlike Rush , she never was an entertainer , so there 's no excuse . )
But anyway , for whatever reason , I just thought I 'd give this a shot , even if it falls on the deaf ears I suspect it will .
You think I have swallowed Obama 's Kool - Aid and I 'm just echoing the party line , but I 'm not .
It 's the Fox News types , the Tea Partiers , who have swallowed the Kool - Aid , and it really is poison .
As for me , well , I question Obama all the time .
I 'm very unhappy with the fact that Guantanamo is still open , for instance .
And I am deeply disturbed by the fact that he has not issued an Executive Order -- as would be within his authority -- halting execution of DADT until Congress can eliminate it .
I think that at least one of these SCOTUS nominees should have been a flaming liberal ; Bush did not hesitate to appoint ardent conservatives .
I also think he appeases the GOP too much , especially when they have shown again and again that they are utterly unwilling to compromise in any way .
My feeling is that he should just say " screw it " and use his Democratic majorities to forge powerful left - leaning legislation , just as Bush did on the other side with far smaller majorities ( and even with a Senate tie ) : if the GOP does n't want a part in things , the heck with them .
But he continues to be a statesman despite everything .
And you know what ?
After eight years of having a class clown as President , I sort of like that .
I do hope that you have read this thoughtfully and recognize that I am , though unabashedly liberal , ardently in favor of a strong , thoughtful , rational opposition party .
At this moment in time , the GOP is not that party .
I fear that it is heading down a road from which it may not be able to recover for a very long time , if ever .
When the Democrats were in a similar position -- hijacked by their fringes -- in the early 70's , they turned inward , re-examined their priorities , and ended up nominating Jimmy Carter .
You 'll argue that he was a disastrous President .
I have two responses : first , it was circumstances , not policy , that caused the problems of the late 70's , and anyone in the White House at that time would have been in the same boat .
He was tremendously unlucky and , distrusted by the still very active fringes of the party , received little support in Congress .
( Of course , it can be argued that it was Carter himself , an outsider governor distrusted by the Establishment Democrats , who constituted the " fringe " at the time , and certainly his opposition included many of the major Democratic leaders as well as the outliers .
I would argue , however , that after the debacle of the McGovern candidacy , history had already begun moving the party away from its farthest left wing -- unfortunate though that was , since at its heart that left wing was absolutely correct about almost everything , and McGovern himself , though he never stood a chance at election , would have made a fine President .
The problem is that the party had moved as a whole way too much toward its left wing , and that left wing was too far out of the mainstream to be electable on a national level .
Thus it is reasonable to categorize Carter as more in the center . )
My second argument is simple : because of the above , he lost in 1980 , setting in motion both the ensuing twelve years of Republican rule and the rise of the neocons , which ultimately led to Bush and the near - destruction of the American economy .
A party hijacked by its fringes fails .
Even winning the Presidency in 1976 became a failure for the Democrats because those fringes within their party refused to let Carter govern , aligning themselves again and again with the GOP across the aisle .
So the fringes caused what amounted to two decades of disaster for the party .
And I hate to say this , but the Democrats on the fringe , though clearly outside of the realm of political reality , stood for something morally good .
They stood for basic human dignity and welfare , for equal rights for everyone , for helping those in need .
What does the fringe of the right today stand for ?
Hatred and distrust .
Hatred of Obama , hatred of gays , bigotry , anger , distrust of government , lack of faith in even the evidence right before their eyes that Obama is in fact a US citizen .
I am worried that a party that gives in to this kind of fringe will implode , never to return .
A new second party will emerge , perhaps the Libertarians , who are in a good position , but it would be a shame .
Abraham Lincoln is often cited as the standard bearer of the GOP .
They like Teddy Roosevelt too .
And Ike .
But these guys would not recognize the party of today .
And they sure as heck would not want to be a part of it .
But that 's OK : they would n't be welcome if they did .
Karen
UPDATE : Wow , go away for an hour and I 'm on the rec list .
If I knew that was how to do it , I 'd leave right after posting every time ! :-)
( Thanks , folks . )
UPDATE # 2 : To all those who asked , feel free to copy , paste , and send this anywhere you want .
I 'd be honored if something of mine went semi-viral . :-)
UPDATE # 3 : After waiting all day to see how Greg would respond , I just received an email from him limited in scope to my son 's situation .
A quick query later , I discovered that he had never received my message !
I 've resent it .
Do n't know if he 's still online .
UPDATE # 4 : I adjusted the " 90 % " tax rate to phrase it more accurately .
UPDATE # 5 : I fixed errant TARP numbers per ecostar .
UPDATE # 6 : I addressed the Carter issues several commenters have brought up .
UPDATE # 7 : I eliminated the erroneous Boehner reference and restructured it with true information .
Thank you , wesmorgan1 !
UPDATE # 8 : Greg 's response !
He joked about Shakespeare 's “ brevity is the soul of wit ” line and how I , as an English major , should know better than to write such long letters .
And then ... he said :
Unfortunately – you are wrong on just about everything .
But – I have the solace in knowing that the vast majority of Americans finally are starting to get it … liberalism ( progressivism ) simply does n’t work .. as Margaret
Thatcher so eloquently stated : “ The problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people 's money ” …
She could n’t have been more prophetic as every social democracy in Europe is imploding under their own insane “ good intentions ” …
His closing cited " the views of the Founders , " and he closed with love .
I do n't think I 'll continue this .
I doubt that there really is a point .
But it was fun for once to engage fully .
UPDATE # 9 : To all who feel that Greg 's response validates your feelings about him : I still disagree .
I love my brother , and I do believe that he is a good , kind , sweet and intelligent man .
I truly enjoy spending time with him .
When we are together , he is always the one who ends up paying for everything , and he is generous to a fault .
The situation with my son is extremely complicated , and I really did not expect that he would have a position available -- it was a complete shot in the dark .
Greg 's one flaw -- and I 'll grant that it is a big one -- is that , for whatever reason , he has swallowed the Fox News Kool - Aid without a single second thought .
He has become very successful and shared his success , offering partnerships to both my other brother and my father .
But all three are victims of a mindset that galls me .
I do n't understand it .
But I think that it is one of our liberal biases that suggests that all such victims must be stupid because they cannot see what ought to be so easy to see .
There are some beliefs , I think , that are not the result of thought and intellect but of emotion , and even the brightest can fall prey to them .
Blame instead the hypocritical purveyors of the lies that suck these people into that apparently inescapable vortex , and I am with you .
Argue that my brother is a bad man or a stupid man or a moron or a jackass or whatever , and you 're going to have to go through me first .
He is a good man with very , very bad politics .
And so , unfortunately for us all , are a lot of other people .
UPDATE # 10 , probably the last one : Reworked the Carter stuff so that I was not giving the impression that blamed McGovern himself for the 1972 loss .
As I hope I have now made clear , I blame the politics of the era : though McGovern was right , his selection as standard - bearer was not .
Right or wrong , his views were too far from mainstream America and thus left the party with an unelectable candidate .
I wish he could run now , though ...
How experienced are you in this type of work ?
The lawyers and staff at our firm are professionals in our areas of practice .
We will help you understand what the law can do for you and give you the advice you need to make informed decisions .
What happens first ?
Please call or email us .
We can then schedule the first meeting to discuss your needs .
Our goal is to give you an opportunity to ask basic questions about our attorneys and your goals .
When we meet , we can outline an approach for solving your legal problem , describe possible outcomes and review our experience in that area .
OK , if that does n't grab your attention , then nothing will .
Manchester United and Major League Soccer announced Thursday that the storied English club will embark on another tour of the U.S. this summer .
But the 2010 edition will be unlike any other .
For the first time in club history , the Red Devils will take on MLS opposition , highlighted by their taking on MLS ' best in the 2010 AT&T MLS All - Star Game on July 28 at Reliant Stadium ( 8:30 p.m. ET on ESPN2 and TeleFutura ) .
Before the MLS All - Stars take their crack at the 18 - time English champions , the expansion Philadelphia Union ( July 21 at time TBD ) and the Kansas City Wizards ( July 25 at 6 p.m. ET ) will get their shot .
Yes for those of you ( and I know far too many of you ) , a trip down to Houston in the July heat is now probably becoming a part of your summer plans .
I for one will be doing my very best to get credentials to cover this huge match and even without I may still add this to my list of matches that I want to attend .
The date is a bit troublesome for me as it is likely that some of the big names may be missing , depending on how far their teams go in the World Cup but I have no doubt that MLS has already talked with United about that .
It is clear that having a stadium that can hold 70,000 plus people helped upgrade from Everton , West Ham , or Celtic .
Oh and I have to add this picture in honor of the Simpsons :
Homer : Well , Marge .
You have to admit I 've been on my best behavior .
Marge :
You punched three people on the way over here .
Homer :
That was over football results .
Can you believe they gave Giggs a yellow card in the box ?
Marge :
Do you understand any part of what you just said ?
Homer : I understand the word " gave " ... unless it means something else in this country !
More big news is expected tomorrow as MLS will likely announce that Montreal will become the latest team to join MLS and the 3rd Canadian team to do so .
I think the biggest news is that they will be joining the league in 2012 .
OFF MY SOAPBOX
A couple of weeks ago I talked about the rise of the Zynga gamers .
At the end of the article I suggested that publishers who wanted a piece of that Zynga money should look for ways to entice those gamers into playing something more robust , not just make more games like Farmville .
Let 's talk about that some more .
But first , a bit about grandma 's washing machine :
When I was a wee little nerdling ( this was back in the 70's , before being a nerd was cool ) my grandma had an old clothes - wringer device down in her basement .
She had a proper washing machine she used , but the wringer was a leftover from an earlier time before these fancy new automatic washing machines .
To use a wringer , you 'd wash your clothes by hand and then feed the wet clothes one at a time into the ferocious jaws of the wringer , which would squeeze the water out of them .
It was hard work , the machine was noisy , and using it was mildly dangerous .
But people used it because it was so much better than the alternative .
( Try dunking your clothes in the water and then wringing the items out one at a time .
It will destroy the skin of your soft , dainty , internet - surfing hands . )
It was a bitch to use the thing , and people stopped buying them as soon as they discovered something better .
This is where Farmville players are right now .
I tried Farmville a couple of weeks ago .
After having played various strategy and sim games over the last twenty years , I found Farmville to be a simple game of action and reward , with little depth .
But if I had played this game in 1988 I would have thought it was dynamite .
( And for the purposes of this article , when I talk about Farmville I 'm also talking about Mafia Wars and the other current - gen social games . )
Zynga " borrowed " their Farmville gameplay from other games , but what made them a success is that they perfected the technique that allowed their games to spread virally .
This let them build a massive userbase in a short time .
Now Zynga faces a bigger challenge than simply gathering a massive audience : Keeping it .
Zynga is now at the point in a business race when the opportunists show up and begin using your own techniques against you .
Everyone else has witnessed how to spread their game via Facebook , as well as the massive pile of cash Zynga has built up .
They have both the knowledge and the incentive to duplicate Zynga 's accomplishment .
All they need is a way to lure Farmville fans away from their game of choice .
This is n't much of a challenge , as Farmville is to modern games what a wringer is to a washing machine :
It 's awesome as long as you are n't aware of the alternative .
It was n't even close .
I 'd suggest that anyone who has n't done it yet should find a small bank and move their accounts .
Clearly , the people we elected are n't going to do anything about these monster banks :
A move to break up major Wall Street banks failed Thursday night by a vote of 61 to 33 .
Three Republicans , Richard Shelby of Alabama , Tom Coburn of Oklahoma and John Ensign of Nevada , voted with 30 Democrats , including Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada , in support of the provision .
The author of the pending overall financial reform bill in the Senate , Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd , voted against it .
( See the full roll call . )
The amendment , sponsored by Sens. Sherrod Brown ( D - Ohio ) and Ted Kaufman ( D - Del. ) , would have required megabanks to be broken down in size and capped so that their individual failure would not bring down the entire system .
Under Brown - Kaufman , no bank could hold more than 10 percent of the total amount of insured deposits , and a limit would have been placed on liabilities of a single bank to two percent of GDP .
In practice , the amendment required the six biggest banks -- Bank of America , JPMorgan Chase , Citigroup , Wells Fargo , Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley -- to significantly scale down their size .
It was touted as a way to end Too Big To Fail .
Though top Obama administration officials have not publicly opposed the amendment , its leading economists have opposed ending Too Big To Fail simply by breaking up the nation 's financial behemoths .
Austan Goolsbee and Larry Summers have both fought back against this idea , as has Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner .
" This is certainly a defeat for those who are concerned about the dangers of financial concentration in this country , " Kaufman said in a statement after the vote .
" Some causes are worth fighting for , and for me , the concern about the risks ' too big to fail ' banks pose to the American economy and people is deep and profound given the economic tragedy millions of American have endured .
I believe the debate itself -- though failing to gain a majority of votes -- has helped to change attitudes about the degree of financial concentration and power these megabanks now represent . "
The $ 3 trillion commercial real estate market is still in a state of economic turmoil .
Many people might have missed the big news on Friday given the massive spotlight on Goldman Sachs .
On Friday , the FDIC closed down 7 banks at a stunning cost of $ 7.4 billion to the FDIC .
As we have mentioned , the FDIC deposit insurance fund ( DIF ) is already depleted yet the FDIC has front - loaded premiums to make sure they have a buffer to combat the continuing bank collapses .
The Friday bank failures will cost the FDIC the most since the collapse of IndyMac almost two years ago .
IndyMac collapsed because of toxic residential loans including option ARMs .
Many of the banks collapsing now are deep in the commercial real estate game and that is the next thing to go bust .
Commercial real estate prices have fallen a stunning 42 percent from their peak only a few years ago :
Source : MIT
Unlike residential real estate that usually has a liquid market , many commercial real estate deals take years to put together .
Many deals are developed in booming times ( i.e. , 2005 ) and only come online when things are completely bust ( i.e. , 2008 ) .
Many of the regional banks were unable to compete with Wall Street and the big GSE lenders for the residential market so they decided to dive in head first into the commercial real estate game .
That proved to be an ill - timed bet .
The FDIC looks after 8,000 institutions with $ 13 trillion in combined assets :
Source : FDIC
Take a look at the construction and development line but also the commercial and industrial loan line .
These are only a few places where those CRE deals show up .
Banks are taking major hits on these deals because during the boom times , many businesses were assuming razor thin margins in the best of times and expecting credit to be easily available for a long time .
Both those situations are no longer applicable today in the market .
Credit is tight for commercial loans and the economy is n’t exactly in good shape outside of Wall Street .
And with CRE defaults , we are seeing some spectacular failures .
This last week we heard that none other than the Ritz - Carlton in Tahoe has had a default notice filed against it :
“ ( WSJ ) The developers of the Ritz - Carlton Highlands hotel at Lake Tahoe apparently have leaned a little too far over their skis .
Bank of America Corp. , the lead lender in the hotel ’s $ 157 million mortgage , has filed a default notice against the property .
Developer and owner East West Partners , based in Avon , Colo. , is “ talking daily ” with its lenders to resolve the situation , East West senior partner Blake Riva said .
At issue : $ 10 million of the loan has matured without being paid , and the lenders want East West to pitch in another $ 8 million of capital .
Otherwise , East West and Ritz - Carlton , a unit of Marriott International Inc. , say the hotel is doing well .
Like many mountain - resort businesses , the Ritz is temporarily closed and slated to reopen by mid-May , after the “ mud season ” passes and vacationers return to the area on the California - Nevada border . ”
Short of not paying a few million , all is well .
This is the kind of shell game going on in Wall Street that is allowing Bank of America to turn out billions of dollars in quarterly profits even though cash flow is drying up for many of their real estate deals .
There is an enormous problem with CRE loans coming due yet many banks like they did with residential loans , are choosing to ignore missed payments and would rather pretend all is fine .
In their current state of mind , they would rather pretend CRE values are up to $ 6 trillion nationwide instead of putting their value closer to what it truly is at $ 3 trillion .
In other words , the entire market is close to being underwater on aggregate .
The giant defaults in CRE bring on two unique problems .
For the CRE market , you have virtually no buyers ( at least at current prices ) .
Next , you have banks that are using mark to market to keep prices elevated even though many of these current CRE note holders are unable to even keep their loans current .
So big banks on Wall Street would rather ignore the issue and keep using taxpayer money to spin out make believe profits .
Yet regional banks do n’t have the political pull and access to the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve and are finding out that they are largely insolvent .
This is an issue of solvency , not liquidity .
Commercial real estate is also under more short - term refinancing windows ( i.e. , 5 or 7 years ) so many loans are coming due in full .
Unlike residential real estate with longer 30 year horizons , these loans must be paid in full or refinanced every few years .
Now in more normal times , this is n’t such a problem because ideally the bank did its own due diligence before lending out billions and made sure the cash flow of the business could cover the loan .
But in the last decade , the same easy financing that occurred in residential real estate occurred with commercial properties .
So now , you have a major endgame .
These properties do not qualify for financing and borrowers are unable to pay the bill .
So the banks that can pretend continue to pretend and the other more regional banks are taken over by the FDIC .
Clearly this two - tiered system cannot continue indefinitely .
These problems are not confined only to California :
“ ( Washington ) Among the projects on the seriously troubled list is the nearly 400,000 - square - foot Metro Center III office building at University Town Center in Hyattsville , according to bond data .
The building ’s outstanding $ 20.5 million loan is 11 months delinquent and the building owners have told lenders that they can no longer pay full debt service due to expiring leases and vacancy issues .
The property , which counts Kaiser Permanente as a tenant , is about 60 percent occupied .
The Hyatt Regency in Bethesda is a recent newcomer to the delinquency list at 30 days delinquent on its $ 140 million loan that matures in January 2012 .
The hotel ’s debt service coverage ratio is 1.18 .
“ I think the area will suffer more on a property - by - property basis , ” Mancuso said .
“ Refinancing , that is the No. 1 challenge . ”
And the list goes on .
The CRE shoe has dropped but we have our hands full dealing with crooked investment banks .
When it rains it pours and we ’ll have to learn to chew and walk at the same time because many issues are coming together at once after the Wall Street gambling spree .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
" Peak oil " -- what is that ?
The concept has been discussed since 1949 , when geologist M. King Hubbert theorized that the extraction of the black gold followed a simple bell curve , meaning that after passing the peak in the curve , extraction would decline .
After peak , never again would we be able to extract , and use , as much oil as we had previously .
In 1956 , Hubbert made a startling and controversial prediction : America 's oil production would peak in or around 1970 .
Hubbert 's peers were confounded , as it was inconceivable that the United States , the world 's largest oil producer in the first half of the 20th century -- literally the " Saudi Arabia " of the West -- could possibly decline in production .
So Hubbert was ridiculed , that is , until soon after 1970 , when it became obvious that U.S. production had indeed peaked that year .
( Peaks in production , whether in individual oil fields or oil nations , or worldwide , are only recognizable in hindsight , by comparing production in subsequent years . )
" Many experts now believe that world production peaked in the last several years or will in the next few . "
Hubbert went on to predict that worldwide oil production would peak around the turn of the millennium .
And indeed , many experts now believe that world production peaked in the last several years or will in the next few .
Score another for Hubbert .
***
Along with the other fossil fuels , coal and natural gas ( all of which are , in essence , stored solar energy ) , oil is the lifeblood of the world economy , not least because it's an extraordinarily dense source of energy .
In his seminal book Overshoot : The Ecological Basis of Revolutionary Change , William Catton wrote that " the energy expended in two decades by a vast labor force of Egyptian slaves stacking up 2,300,000 blocks of stone ( each weighing 2.5 tons ) to form the Great Pyramid of Cheops was less than the energy released in a few minutes by three stages of a Saturn V rocket propelling humans towards the moon . "
Thinning supplies of oil are bad enough .
But the world is also experiencing an increasing demand for the stuff .
Rising demand and declining supply is a recipe for ongoing economic contraction , even international conflict .
Witness the war in Iraq and the recession that just wo n't seem to go away .
***
Along with climate change , peak oil ( as well as impending peaks in natural gas and coal in just years or decades ) is perhaps the most serious problem facing the industrial economy that feeds , clothes , houses and employs billions of human beings .
Fossil fuels provide roughly 85 percent of the energy used in the world economy .
" Rising demand and declining supply is a recipe for ongoing economic contraction , even international conflict . "
While such factors as mammoth financial sector shenanigans were obviously salient to the 2008 economic crash , some peak oil experts theorize that the underlying basis for the crash may have been peak oil .
After all , a debt - based economy requires continuous growth in order to function correctly .
Even a small decline in energy inputs could have set off the chain reaction that led to the economic crises that have been unfolding ever since .
Perhaps most critically important , oil and natural gas have become the lifeblood of industrial agriculture .
In fact , it 's estimated that anywhere from seven and 10 calories of fossil fuels ( in the forms of fertilizer and pesticides and for operation of machinery ) are used for every one calorie of food produced !
Fossil fuels , which were the basis for the so - called Green Revolution that began in the mid-20th century , are the reason that the world 's population has been able to grow from 1 billion in 1800 to nearly 7 billion today .
We have literally been eating fossil fuels , and we are running out of food .
***
Is there a bright side to any of this ?
Yes there is , and it's called " Transition . "
Starting in a small town in England just a few years ago , the Transition concept has spread rapidly around the world , and there are now close to 300 cities and towns that have officially joined the Transition movement .
Bloomington is the 54th in the United States .
" Transition Bloomington is on a countdown to launch and will be holding its " Great Unleashing " event at Bloomington City Hall on Saturday , April 24 . "
Transition means transition away from fossil fuel , and trying to do so , as author Richard Heinberg suggests , " as peacefully , equitably and intelligently as possible . "
Transition means relocalizing the production of food and energy resources .
Transition means being more connected with one 's community and crafting a world that is more equitable than the one we have now .
Transition is about being prepared -- making our community resilient for sudden shocks and changes to the larger economic and energy systems .
Transition is n't just another organization or cause .
The purpose of Transition is to bring together individuals and existing organizations to work together to transform our community from the bottom up .
Transition Bloomington is on a countdown to launch and will be holding its " Great Unleashing " event at Bloomington City Hall on Saturday , April 24 .
We are hoping for hundreds , even thousands , of community members to join us .
If you are interested in bringing your unique voice into Bloomington 's Transition , invigorating it with your energy , passion and purpose , the Great Unleashing is a must - attend event .
By coming together for Transition , we will help to create a healthier , abundant and more secure future for all .
Doug Hanvey can be reached at .
For more information
Visit the Transition Bloomington Web site .
Let 's Call The Whole Thing Off by Fred Astaire
you say either and i say either
you say neither and i say neither
either , either , neither , neither
let 's call the whole thing off
you say tomato , i say tomato
you eat potato and i eat potato
tomato , tomato , potato , potato
let 's call the whole thing off
but oh , if we call the whole thing off then we must part
and oh , if we ever part then that might break my heart
so , if you wear pajamas and i wear pajamas
i'll wear pajamas and give up pajamas
for we know we need eachother so we
better call the calling off , off
oh , let 's call the whole thing off
you say after and i say after
you say laughter and i say laughter
after , after , laughter , laughter
let 's call the whole thing off
you say havana and i say havana
you eat banana and i eat banana
havana , havana , banana , banana
let 's call the whole thing off
but oh , if we call the whole thing off then we must part
and oh , if we ever part then that might break my heart
so , if you say oysters and i say oysters
i'll eat oysters and give up oysters
for we know we need eachother so we
better call the calling off , off
oh , let 's call the whole thing off
by
HTC ’s statement on SlashGear .
HTC is defending their own innovations against Apple
Headlines are filled with htc / apple lawsuit news .
Apple has sued HTC for infringing on 20 iPhone patents
image via BBC and WindowsMobile7
Apple ’s CEO Steve Jobs said :
“ We can sit by and watch competitors steal our patented inventions , or we can do something about it .
We ’ve decided to do something about it , ”
“ We think competition is healthy , but competitors should create their own original technology , not steal ours . ”
Apple
On Gizmodo you ’ll find The Complete Documents here is the first doc
Here is the statement from HTC posted by SlashGear
“ HTC is a mobile technology innovator and patent holder that has been very focused over the past 13 years on creating many of the most innovative smartphones .
HTC values patent rights and their enforcement but is also committed to defending its own technology innovations .
HTC only learned of Apple ’s actions this morning via media reports , and therefore we have not yet had the opportunity to investigate the filings .
Until we have had this opportunity , we are unable to comment on the validity of the claims being made against HTC . ”
( via @ SlashGear )
PokerNews ’ Top 10 Tips for Surviving the WSOP
May 27 , 2010 Nicole Gordon
So you ’ve landed in Las Vegas .
You ’ve moved in to your new digs and have settled in .
Hopefully , you ’re well - rested and have n’t yet woken up face - down in a parking lot on Fremont Street .
Save that bender for after the World Series of Poker Main Event because the next seven weeks will be a test of stamina , endurance , and mental toughness for every poker player that walks through the door of the Rio Convention Center .
The 2010 World Series of Poker is upon us and for many of us at PokerNews HQ , it ’s our fourth , fifth , or even sixth summer in Las Vegas .
Call us jaded veterans ( we prefer “ seasoned pros ” ) , but we ’ve picked up a few pointers when it comes to getting through the WSOP .
Pay attention , kids .
Maybe even take a few notes .
It ’s relentless out here in the desert and only the strong survive .
10 . Exercise — it will save your sanity and boost your energy level
The days are long , the grind is exhausting and in a week or two it will be 110 degrees outside , but still , try and find time to get in a little exercise .
I ’m a caffeine freak just like you , but when you ’re about to spend 14 hours inside the Rio , a quick run or some laps in the pool will do more for your stamina than a pot of French Roast .
Luckily , Las Vegas is bursting with brand - new , air - conditioned gyms .
Staying in a hotel ?
There ’s probably a gym you can use .
Living in a high - rise ?
Odds are there ’s gym downstairs .
Subletting in a subdivision ?
The last two I spent the summer in had at least three fitness rooms apiece .
If you do n’t have access to a gym , there ’s one right at the Rio perfect for a quick dinner break workout .
Get moving , even if just for a half - hour a day and you ’ll thank yourself at the end of the summer .
9. Car +
Las Vegas heat = virtual oven
I ’ve seen it all — melted iPods , blue ink from a ballpoint pen exploded over leather upholstery , styrofoam cups melted into center consoles .
The temperature inside a locked car in the Rio Convention Center parking lot on a June afternoon can easily reach 140 degrees , so be conscious of what you decide to leave inside of it .
Never leave items like MP3 players , high - end headphones , batteries , medications , perishable food , chocolate , or energy bars inside your car .
You also might want to consider investing in one of those tacky shiny sun shades that cover the front windshield .
It still wo n’t be cool in there when you open the door at the end of the day , but it ’s a marked improvement .
8. Register early for events whenever possible
Last year , hundreds of players were shut out of the WSOP Main Event when Day 1D sold out .
Why chance it ?
If you already have the dough for your event buy - in , get yourself to the cage and register .
Especially consider doing this if you plan on playing any of the six $ 1,000 No - Limit Hold ’em events .
Last year ’s “ Stimulus Special ” drew more than 6,000 players — do you really want to stand around for hours with a bunch of donkeys waiting to plunk down a dime ?
7. Play satellites
Single - table satellite action at the WSOP is both plentiful and profitable and an excellent way to get a little action in when you ’re short on time or energy .
The lowest buy - in for single - table satellites is officially $ 65 ( 800 chips to start , 15 - minute levels , pays one $ 500 tournament chip + $ 80 cash to the winner ) , but the cheapest ones that regularly run are the $ 125 and $ 175 varieties ( 1,000 chips to start , 15 - minute levels , pays either two or three $ 500 tournament chips + $ 120 cash ) .
If you ’re looking to play a particular satellite , your best bet at finding it without a lengthy wait is in the 24 hours before the tournament for which it awards seats .
For example , if you want to play a $ 125 satellite , you ’re going to have more trouble getting a table going at that level if it ’s the night before a large - field $ 2,000 No - Limit Hold ’em event and most of the satellites running in the room are the $ 225 buy - in ones that pay out an entry to that particular event .
Though they officially pay out only one spot , the vast majority of these ten - handed satellites are chopped two or even three ways .
Won a satellite and want to trade those lammers for cash ?
Hang around the cage and you should find a customer within minutes .
6 . Stay within your budget
Las Vegas can suck money out of your wallet with the effortlessness of a ballet dancer executing a pirouette .
Whether it ’s a blackjack table on the way to dinner , the video poker machine at the bar , or the bank of slot machines next to the restrooms , there is a way to lose money around every corner .
Sound bankroll management is crucial when it comes to spending seven straight weeks in Las Vegas .
Be mindful of these temptations and plan your personal expenses the same way you ’d budget out your tournament buy - ins .
If you want to gamble , go ahead and gamble — just keep it separate from your poker bankroll .
Nothing ’s worse than grinding out a nice profit in an event only to lose it an hour later in the craps pit — just ask T.J. Cloutier .
5 . Take extra precautions when carrying large sums of money
Security both inside the Rio and outside in the parking lots has markedly improved over the last few years at the WSOP but this still bears repeating — be extremely careful when carrying around large amounts of cash or casino chips .
Thieves know the WSOP is in town and even though the eye in the sky is watching , be extra-vigilant about your surroundings .
Travel in groups whenever possible and ladies , especially those of you who enjoy wearing nice jewelry , never walk to your car alone after dark .
4. Get outdoors
Spending the majority of every day inside a casino can suck the very life out of you .
However , being outside in the oppressive desert heat is n’t exactly a treat either .
The best solution I ’ve found is to get outside during the early morning or late night hours .
Take some time to unwind and sit in your backyard or on your balcony after coming home from a long night of poker .
If you ’re an early riser , spend some of those precious A.M. hours by the hotel pool or on the veranda .
If golf is your game , squeeze in an early - morning round .
You ’ll thank yourself at 3 p.m. when you ’re sucking down yet another lungful of air - conditioned casino oxygen .
If the mercury dips below 100 or you find yourself with a rare day off , consider escaping into a natural setting like Red Rock Canyon , located only 20 miles off the Strip .
The serenity and extraordinary beauty of your surroundings will almost make you forget you ’re in Las Vegas .
And when you are outside ?
Suncreen , sunscreen , sunscreen !
3 . Food is fuel , so plan ahead
For the vast majority of the time this summer , you ’ll be eating on the run on your way to or from a tournament .
If you do n’t consider your options ahead of time you ’re far more likely to grab that greasy burger or slice of pizza that will leave you crashing midway through the afternoon .
Every player , staff member , dealer , and media rep will find themselves eating in the “ Poker Kitchen ” from time to time and the good news is that there are some pretty healthy meals available there including salads , sushi , fruit , and grilled chicken .
However , for your own sanity , get out of the Rio on dinner break whenever you can .
If it ’s a 60 - minute dinner break you ’ll be confined to the immediate area , but if it ’s a 90 - minute break you have plenty of time for restaurant dining “ off - campus . ”
Another great option is to bring in your own food .
A quick and easy option is to hit up a market like Whole Foods on the drive in and pick up some items from the prepared foods section .
Also keep a couple of energy bars or a piece of fruit on hand just in case your night at the tables lasts longer than expected .
2. Sleep !
Try to get at least 6 to 8 hours of sleep each night .
It wo n’t happen every night if you ’re playing a full schedule , but do what you can .
It can be more difficult to fall asleep at night during the WSOP for a variety of reasons — you ’re on an adrenaline rush from a great session , you ’ve just made it to Day 2 and hands are running nonstop through your head , or you ’re stuck so much money you do n’t know how you ’ll ever clear the make - up to your backer .
If you do have trouble sleeping , cut back on those coffees and Red Bulls and try a little of tip # 10 in the mornings — you ’ll surely sleep more soundly at night .
1. Pace yourself
The WSOP is a 51 - day marathon , so do n’t try and sprint right out of the gate .
Spend your first few days warming up and getting your bearings .
Familiarize yourself with your surroundings .
Try to get into a routine .
Do n’t run out and party the first three nights in a row — you ’re setting yourself up for disaster .
Once you understand your limitations , you can push them but if you go full throttle right out of the gate , you may never make it to the Main Event , or will be much worse for wear if you do .
Players , if you do n’t feel like grinding yet another $ 1,500 donkament for the 15th day in a row , do n’t do it .
There will always be another tournament .
Play some golf , sit by the pool or take in a movie instead .
Creating more balance in your lifestyle will only pay positive dividends at the tables .
Have you won your WSOP Main Event seat yet ?
Satellites are running daily on PokerStars .
The federal government on Friday instructed families with certain Chinese - made drywall to rid their homes of the material and replace electrical wiring , gas pipes and sprinkler systems .
The drywall has been linked to respiratory and electrical problems in thousands of new homes , primarily in Florida and Louisiana .
Consumer advocates have argued that high levels of hydrogen sulfide in the drywall corrode electrical wires and create health risks .
For now , homeowners must front the cost of removing the drywall , which builders estimate at more than $ 100,000 a home .
But lawmakers and consumer groups called Friday for providing financial assistance to the about 3,000 households that have complained about the drywall .
“ Removing the problem drywall is the best solution currently available to homeowners , ” the chairwoman of the Consumer Product Safety Commission , Inez Tenenbaum , said in a statement .
Humans gestate in the womb
for about nine months .
Some elephants need more than two years to be born .
But robots — they take years , even decades , to incubate , generating headlines about their bright , busy futures while toiling away at repetitive , diagnostic tasks in labs they 'll never actually leave .
Do n't feel sad for the machines — pity the humans , forced to make do with semi-autonomous vacuum cleaners and mincing toys , while the robot revolution is deferred for another year .
There might be excellent reasons to keep promising bots , namely the declining but still astonishing cost of advanced robotics .
And yet , billions evaporate into defense , space and other budgets every year .
If we stop worrying about money , and start investing in a fully robot - assisted civilization , which systems would be first on the list for immediate deployment ?
Here are our five candidates .
Unmanned Air Mail
Mmist SnowGoose Bravo
With all due respect to truckers , cargo pilots and other professional haulers , transporting goods across vast distances is looking more and more like a waste of our species ' time , opposable thumbs and easily bored brains .
Even in hazardous or inaccessible environments , such as regions whose transportation infrastructure has been crippled by poverty , natural disaster or warring factions , robots can safely go where no one in his or her right mind ever should , delivering relatively small payloads of medicine or other critical supplies where they 're needed most .
Researchers in South Africa are currently testing a tiny unmanned aerial vehicle ( UAV ) called the e-Juba ( from the Zulu word for pigeon ) , but even bigger and better bots are in the works .
Winnipeg , Canada–based Mmist 's latest UAV , the SnowGoose Bravo , can autonomously take off , travel at altitudes of up to 18,000 feet , and land itself in a flat area ( with roughly 50 meters in diameter of clearance ) , while carrying up to 600 pounds of cargo .
In a pinch , the gyrocopter does n't even have to land — each of its six , bomb - bay - style cargo compartments can open up in midair , dispensing 100 - pound packages as the drone flies past .
Hauling tons of cargo might still be a job for wheeled vehicles ( see the TerraMax , below ) , but a UAV that can get 600 pounds just about anywhere with little to no human intervention could play a crucial role in almost any humanitarian mission .
The SnowGoose Bravo — which essentially adds a rotor to the currently deployed SnowGoose UAV — was developed with funding from the Pentagon , but has yet to be fielded .
-->
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
“ I ’m 86 and have walked every day of my life .
The public needs to wake up and move . ”
“ I ’m 83 going on 84 years !
I find that daily aerobics and walking are fine .
But these regimens neglect the rest of the body , and I find the older you get the more attention they need . ”
These are two of many comments from readers of my Jan. 12 column on the secrets of successful aging .
At the risk of sounding like a broken record , a new series of studies prompts me to again review the myriad benefits to body , mind and longevity of regular physical activity for people of all ages .
Regular exercise is the only well - established fountain of youth , and it ’s free .
What , I ’d like to know , will persuade the majority of Americans who remain sedentary to get off their duffs and give their bodies the workout they deserve ?
My hope is that every new testimonial to the value of exercise will win a few more converts until everyone is doing it .
In a commentary on the new studies , published Jan. 25 in The Archives of Internal Medicine , two geriatricians , Dr. Marco Pahor of the University of Florida and Dr. Jeff Williamson of Winston - Salem , N.C. , pointed to “ the power of higher levels of physical activity to aid in the prevention of late - life disability owing to either cognitive impairment or physical impairment , separately or together . ”
Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse agreed to answer some questions sent in by Lostpedia users , on themselves , their careers and circus around the show .
The only caveat was that they would not answer questions about the show itself .
No mystery resolution , nothing like that .
Damon and Carlton have said several times that they want the show to speak for itself , and we understand why they want to do that .
After six years on the air , the body of work and the legacy they leave really does speak for itself .
We understand that , and we want to honor that .
Thanks to Damon and Carlton
Lostpedia :
What 's your advice for people who want to break into television writing and / or would someday like to be a television show runner like the two of you ?
Read , read , read !
So much of LOST is based on our shared love for the great stories of our childhood ( Narnia for Carlton , Oz for Damon ) and young adulthood ( Stephen King ! ) ... getting the opportunity to create your own show and run it is a combination of perseverance , luck and knowing the right person ... but once you 've managed those things , you need to draw on STORY .
So hit the books , dammit !
Lostpedia : Hey Damon and Carlton , Firstly ; congratulations on finally coming to the end of your journey on Lost .
My question is ; if you both had the chance to go back to a specific point in your career ( in either Lost or anything else you 've working on ) what would you do differently ?
Thanks , I look forward to seeing even more amazing work from you both and good luck for the future .
Damon and Carlton :
We can't go back .
Because what happened , happened !
But seriously ... every little thing in our life lead us here -- to this partnership and this incredible show .
Why risk changing a single moment if it could result in LOST never happening ?
We take all the downs on the roller coaster ride because they 're a part of the journey .
Mistakes , yes ... but no regrets !
Lostpedia : I love your podcasts , and the slapdowns this season have been very amusing .
I know the LOST podcast will be ending but is there any possibility that you two will do some sort of podcast together unrelated to LOST after the show is said is done for us Darlton fans ?
- Namaste !
Darlton :
We are not so delusional as to believe that outside of discussing LOST many people would want to hear us rambling on about other subjects .
We loved doing them , but have no plans to do any more .
Lostpedia : Damon , will you be writing any more comics soon ?
Do you find it easier or harder than writing for the screen ?
Damon : Much , much harder and time consuming .
And I have to do them alone -- which is not nearly as fun as the collaborative awesomeness of working with my friends and colleagues .
So no plans currently do comics .
Lostpedia : Carlton , I read that you worked with Robert Coles at Harvard .
When I was a child , I was interviewed for Coles ' research regarding the way that children perceive God .
Did your work with Coles influence your contributions to the Lost Story ?
And which one of you is the C.S. Lewis fan ?
Carlton : Coles had a huge influence on me .
He was my mentor in college .
One of the courses he taught was called Moral and Social Inquiry and in it we read many great writers , including James Agee , Flannery O'Connor , and Walker Percy .
The course and much of Coles teaching was centered on the question : how does one lead a life ?
What matters as we make our way on our journey ?
Those questions and that inquiry has stuck with me .
Coles also helped cement my desire to be a writer and taught me one of the first and the most valuable lessons about writing , which was -- WRITE .
Do it daily ; do it on a schedule .
I later learned that almost all the writers I admired do this .
Lostpedia :
One thing strikes me about Lost and its fan culture .
Fans seem to carry as much if not more reverence for the creators / producers / writers as they do the actors .
I think this one of many unique aspects of this show .
Are the two of you as likely as , say , Matthew Fox to be recognized while going out to dinner ?
Or , is the attention you get in some ways more intense than the attention received by those in front of the camera ?
I am one of those kinds of fans , BTW :)
Damecar : Matthew Fox is FAR more likely to be recognized at dinner unless you 're talking the Comicon snack bar .
We lead fairly anonymous lives unless we do go someplace like Comicon where people are expecting to see us .
We did , however , get offered a David Cross / Ted Danson movie that they passed on .
Lostpedia :
Have either of you or anyone from the show ( writers , cast members , etc. ) contributed or editted information on Lostpedia ?
If so was it a major edit or was it things like spelling mistakes ?
Thanks for your time .
When Gregg Nations , our in house LOST keeper of the show Bibles and information guru , was tied up on other business , we would go to Lostpedia to check on certain facts or details .
But everything was always checked through Gregg .
Gregg might have made some contributions or corrected something , but we are not sure .
None of the other writers did .
Lostpedia : Damon and Carlton ,
This is about as random a question gets but I need to know .
Some episodes written by the two of you feature Carlton 's name first .
Some episode feature Damon 's name first .
I 'm just curious about why that is .
Also , I noticed no single person has written an episode of LOST since season two .
It 's been writing teams for nearly five seasons .
I 'm just curious about that shift and why it occurred .
Thank you both for six wonderful seasons .
I had an awesome time watching this show so thank you very much .
Good luck in the future and Ma-halo .
Carlmon :
Since the two of us are not technically " writing partners , " we felt it was only fair to switch our names every other script .
And the reason we and the other writers always partner on scripts plugs into the basic theme of LOST -- nobody does it alone !
My last post featured a forum thread about training absolute pitch by meditating on single tones .
Thinking some more about learning absolute pitch and this particular ‘ experiment ’ , I realised there were three reasons it appealed to me :
The do - it - yourself mentality .
The desire to work with and learn from other people .
The ‘ purity ’ of the training .
These are all fundamental parts of a good sustainable ear training routine , and the 21st century brings new meaning to each of them .
I ’m going to talk about the first two in more detail below , and cover the third in a separate post on Monday .
Do it yourself
This site was started to explore the notion that technology can revolutionise ear training and make it a fun and effective process , rather than the slow and painful one it ’s been for hundreds of years .
Technology is powerful – but it ’s also empowering : it allows us to come up with custom , personalised training regimes , and to make the best use of our time .
Some examples :
Using Garageband to create your own music to study ear training concepts
Downloading audio files from this site to put on your MP3 player
Or , just as the forum poster mentioned :
Creating custom tracks to train in exactly the way you want to .
Ear training has always been an individual endeavour , but the exercises , courses and training products have been ‘ one size fits all ’ .
Take five minutes to think about the training you ’ve done , and how you could tweak it to better suit you – to target your trouble spots , to be more enjoyable as you do it , or just to fit in better with the free time you have available .
Then ask yourself whether you could use technology to make those changes .
You may be surprised how much power and control technology can give you over your training .
If you come up with a great idea , or need help brainstorming , leave a comment below or ask in our Forums .
Taking control of your ear training course and tailoring exercises to suit your needs makes ear training personal – but it does n’t have to be a lonely process …
Work with others
A lot of ear training exercises in the past have relied on working with a partner :
Ask a friend to play a melody for you , then try to play it back on your instrument .
You make a change on the 10 - band EQ .
Your friend guesses what it is .
Then switch .
Get together with friends and practice improvising , as they lay down the chords .
Take turns to solo .
There ’s a lot to be said for this kind of training , but it can be really difficult to organise , and even harder to keep regular .
Maybe your friends just are n’t into developing their ears .
Maybe it ’s fun at first , but then they lose interest .
Maybe you do n’t know any other musicians who you can get together with like this .
It ’s frustrating to feel you ca n’t make progress without other people to work with .
The good news ?
You can bypass this hurdle .
There are two great benefits to the examples above :
The training is interactive .
You get immediate feedback , and can adjust the pace of training to suit you .
The training is social .
You get to spend time with another musician ; you can discuss what each of you find difficult and you can learn from each other .
Technology can provide both of these benefits without the drawback of needing to find a real - life partner !
Modern training can be interactive , because there ’s some great ear training software out there today .
Check out this article for some pointers , or check out our own RelativePitch app , or Ear Training Quizzes ( e.g. Intro , Drums ) .
Modern training can also be social .
With the rise of Twitter , MySpace and Facebook , nobody can question any more whether the internet can be truly social – and a lot of us have been socialising online for years !
I loved coming across the post over at Ultimate - Guitar.com because it ’s great to see an enthusiastic ear training student just reaching out to see if there are others with similar interests or experiences .
It may not be quite the same as getting a bunch of local musicians in your living room , but there are literally millions of enthusiastic musicians online that you can make contact with !
One great new site is Musbook – it ’s a social network specifically for musicians , and you can find other people by musical preferences , geographic area , or the instrument they play .
Struggling to find local musicians to share stories and tips with ?
Create a group on Musbook and start talking !
For ear training in particular , we really recommend joining our forums here on EasyEarTraining.com .
This is where you can get the tips , advice , and support that you ’ve been looking for with your ear training – and we ’re open 24/7 !
In my next post I ’ll pick up on that third reason the UltimateGuitar post caught my attention : the purity of the training method .
In the mean time :
What do you find exciting about modern ear training ?
Have you found any clever techniques , ideas for personalising training , or ways to collaborate with others online ?
Leave a note below and share your experiences !
Next in series : Perfect Pitch Is Not Magic
See also : Absolute Pitch Meditation
Easy Learning Start Test your Memory or Concentration Level : Easy Medium Hard Select Topic : Select
Deprecated : mysql_query ( ) :
The mysql extension is deprecated and will be removed in the future : use mysqli or PDO instead in / home3/raj/public_html/qualitypointtech.net/quiz/easylearning/index.php on line 588
Thanks for using our Easy Learning .
Now , you can share this to your friends also .
Your Name : From Email : Your URL : To Email Ids : Subject : Message : Hi , I found an interesting website for learning many things while improving our memory .
Visit at http://www.qualitypointtech.net/quiz/easylearning/index.php
Include my Score with this email
Deprecated : mysql_query ( ) :
The mysql extension is deprecated and will be removed in the future : use mysqli or PDO instead in / home3/raj/public_html/qualitypointtech.net/quiz/easylearning/index.php on line 652
Easy Learning is a place for testing your Memory or Concentration while learning any subject such as software testing .
while learning any subject such as software testing .
Select topic and choose Level to start game .
and to start game .
Click the � Start game� button .
When you click this button timer will start .
Anyway , there is no limitation for time .
button .
When you click this button will start .
Anyway , there is no limitation for time .
There are many set of cards that have pictures on face down .
We need to match all the cards .
The Matched cards will be turned up .
The player has to click on two cards one by one .
The cards are turned over , the faces are shown .
If the cards match , the faces remain visible .
If they do not match , the cards will be turned over and only the backs are visible again .
If cards have long text , it only displays the particular amount of text .
So you can view full text , just mouse over on the �question mark� image .
It will show full message .
When you complete the game , it shows the message �how much time you take to finish this with score� .
The score will be calculated by correct attempts vs. total attempts
�how much time you take to finish this with score� .
The will be calculated by correct attempts vs. total attempts
If you improve your memory you can remember the positions of cards which turned back .
So , you can easily match them next time with less number of attempts and therefore you can get high score .
Once after you finish the matching , if you want to try it again , click the � Reset button � and select your topic and then click �start game� button .
, click the and select your topic and then click �start game� button .
Contact us if you face any difficulty in using this easy learning or if you find any incorrect match .
Know Top Scorers List
Members : Top 3 Top 5 Top 10 Top 25 Level : All Easy Medium Hard Topic : All
Deprecated : mysql_query ( ) :
The mysql extension is deprecated and will be removed in the future : use mysqli or PDO instead in / home3/raj/public_html/qualitypointtech.net/quiz/easylearning/index.php on line 721
Top Three Scorers Name Score Topic Level Date and Time Duration
Deprecated : mysql_query ( ) :
The mysql extension is deprecated and will be removed in the future : use mysqli or PDO instead in / home3/raj/public_html/qualitypointtech.net/quiz/easylearning/index.php on line 766
No Rows Found Share |
Why do you need a Great Website Design ?
A website is the showcase window for your online business and the very first impression a visitor forms about your brand .
Great website design that offers seamless navigation can boost sales and enhance conversions .
Increase your profits and create a popular brand image by entrusting your site to a quality website design company .
Call us now at 1300 653 251
for an obligation free quote
Some of us like to gamble .
Americans bet a hundred million dollars every day , and that 's just at legal places like Las Vegas and Indian reservations .
Much more is bet illegally .
So authorities crack down .
They raided a VFW branch that ran a poker game for charity .
They ban lotteries , political futures markets and sports betting .
They raid truck stops to confiscate video poker machines .
Why ?
On my Fox Business News show tomorrow night , Chad Hills of Focus on the Family ( www.focusonthefamily.com/) says : " These machines have been shown to be extremely addictive .
That 's a huge concern , primarily for kids , because it 's hard to keep them away . "
Well , I certainly agree kids should n't gamble , and some people do wreck their lives .
But why can't adults be left to do what we want to do ?
Hills and Sen. Jon Kyl , R - Ariz. , both eager to ban gambling , talk about " addiction " leading to bankruptcy , crime and suicide .
I 'm skeptical .
People are responsible for the consequences of their bad habits .
I thought Focus on the Family and conservatives like Kyl believed in self - responsibility .
On my show , professional poker player Andy Bloch points out that , legal or not , gambling already goes on everywhere .
Prohibition does n't rid society of an activity .
It drives it underground , where it 's less visible and less subject to respectable social conventions .
As for people getting into trouble , Bloch noted that after online gaming was legalized in the United Kingdom , " they found that there was no significant increase in the number of problem gamblers . "
Hills , on the other hand , claims that a 2006 anti-Internet gaming law reduced gambling .
" People say this drives gambling underground , " he added .
" I 'm like , good , drive it underground . "
I point out that people still find the gambling sites .
" But it makes it extremely difficult .
You have to be fairly desperate to do it . "
I doubt that anyone who wants to gamble illegally has trouble doing it .
And let 's not forget the official corruption that black markets encourage .
Law - enforcement people take bribes to look the other way .
It 's an old story .
Hills claims that the 1999 National Gambling Impact Study concluded that 15 million Americans are problem and pathological gamblers .
But like many people who want to ban things , he distorts the data .
The study 's 15 million " problem gamblers " included people who might get in trouble .
" Ninety - nine percent of the American public has no problem with gambling , " Bloch says .
" They should have the freedom to gamble if they want to gamble online .
There is no casino that is being forced into people 's homes . "
By the way , Hills said he'd oppose legal gambling even if it were n't associated with wrecked lives .
Why ?
" Gambling is the art and the science of deception that feeds on the exploitation of human weakness for the sole purpose of monetary gain . "
To that , I say , so what ?
Will they ban the stock market next ?
Filmmaking is the art and science of deception .
Poker is just a game where deception and bluffing are the skills .
For self - responsible adults , gambling can be fun and harmless .
A free country is supposed to treats adults as though we are self - responsible .
Government should let us learn from our mistakes rather than treat us like children .
Despicably , while government outlaws private gambling ( at least that which competes with the well - connected casino interests ) , it runs its own gambling operations : state lotteries .
And what a scam they are !
States offer terrible odds .
The evil casinos take about 1.4 percent of each bet at the craps table .
State lotteries take 50 percent of each bet .
Compounding the damage , states spend tax money to promote their lotteries to the poor , who are led to believe that the lottery , rather than hard work , is the route to becoming millionaires .
Rich people buy few tickets .
So governments push their own inferior games while outlawing better ones run by private business .
That 's insane .
People gamble anyway , criminals get involved , and by forcing Internet gambling offshore , America loses a $ 12 billion industry .
In " On Liberty , " John Stuart Mill wrote , " Over himself and over his own body and mind , the individual is sovereign . "
Sovereign .
Hear that , busybody politicians ?
LOST .
Season Six . Episode Thirteen .
The Last Recruit
Hunters and Gatherers
You Can Lead a Jack to Water
Making Camp
Down in a Hole
Why Do You Let Me Stay Here ?
Avast , Mateys
Might as Well Jump
Watching Grunge Leg Drop New Jack
I Wanna Be Everywhere Twice
A Stab in the Spine
Be My Valentine , You Do n’t Have to Say Much
You Be Betty .
I ’ll Play Joe .
Words Hit Much Harder Than The Bullet From a Gun
The Memories Enhance The Way That You Feel
Give Me Some Time To Get On Your Mind
Waking Life
The pieces are now in place .
LOST , notorious for the occasional “ set - up ” episode , delivered such an offering last night that – because this is Season Six – was well worth watching .
A few key players unrolled their competing strategies , with some ( Flocke and Sawyer ) taking on the role of aggressor while others ( Jack and Widmore ) were put on the defensive .
All the while , in an alternate universe far , far away , our characters were assembled by the one player who holds all the cards .
“ Fate , ” as Ilana called him .
In the words of Flocke , “ Here we go .
” We began where the “ whispers ” reveal left off last week – a straightforward conversation revealing a key piece of mythology .
Flocke told Jack that he was the Christian Shephard apparition Jack had chased through the jungle on his third day , and that he did it in order to lead Jack to a water source .
In fact , he claimed , it was the first of many “ helpful ” interferences he made in Jack ’s life , in order to free him from Jacob ’s Island prison .
Problem is , Jack has almost completely taken on the characteristics of John Locke – the man who Flocke called “ … stupid enough to believe he was brought here for a reason . ”
That indictment cut through Jack and the empathy he feels for Locke ’s futile faithfulness .
More importantly , it gave Jack something to work towards .
As we later saw on the S.S. Elizabeth , Jack feels responsible for carrying the torch of Locke ’s faith – and he ’s willing to carry it at great cost .
Back at Camp Flocke , the followers fracture into competing sects .
“ It ’s so nice to have everyone back together again , ” says Flocke upon his return .
Not for long .
Fellow unlikely leaders Sawyer and Hurley were already comparing notes , questioning the impact of the “ dark side , ” and getting on the same page .
Catalyzing the call to arms was Zoe , who arrived with a walkie - talkie and a demand for Desmond ’s return .
Flocke wryly obliged , knowing full well that he was n’t about to take a threat from some Tina Fey wannabe .
Interesting moment when he smashed that walkie , though .
Remember when Ben first took Locke to meet Jacob at the cabin , and he claimed Jacob did n’t like “ technology ? ”
Some have speculated that the entity Ben had been chasing around all those years was the Man in Black .
So maybe it was the Man in Black who hated technology – he certainly seemed to when he obliterated that walkie .
Ben Linus and his false god .
Speaking of which , do n’t fall asleep on Ben , Richard and Miles and their imminent reentry into the fracas .
Flocke decides to sic Sayid on Desmond before mobilizing his newly - gathered flock to head to the shore , where they ’ll meet Sawyer and Kate with the S.S. Elizabeth .
One problem : Sawyer ’s already got other plans .
The saboteur with a heart of gold fills in Jack , and heads off with Freckles .
I think Desmond talked Sayid out of killing him .
Sayid ’s weakness has always been the guilt he carries over the means to his ends .
Desmond exploited that weakness last night , asking Sayid why he was following Flocke .
When Sayid told him it was for a woman , Desmond seemed to crush him when he asked , “ This woman , when she asks you what you did to be with her again , what will you tell her ?
” The only killer in this scene was Desmond .
He pushed the only button to which Sayid feels any semblance of a connection when he played that guilt card .
From the look in Sayid ’s eyes , the fact that they never showed us Desmond ’s death and the stammering manner in which Sayid reported back to Locke , my money ’s on Desmond being alive at the bottom of that well , brotha .
One passenger on the no-sail list for Sawyer ’s master plan was Claire .
He declares that she ’s too dangerous to be around Aaron , that she ’s drinking Locke ’s Kool - Aid ( “ Oh Yeah ! ” ) and that she ’s not herself .
He ’d take Claire .
But that ’s not Claire .
Kate ’s not so sure .
Retrieving Claire ( physically and mentally ) was her mission in coming back to the Island , and Sawyer wants to take that away from her .
But why should she ?
This is , as Sawyer stated , not the Claire they know and love .
She resents Jack and Co. for “ abandoning ” her , even though it was the right thing to do for that baby she so clings to ( real baby , not poop baby ) .
Claire is even an agent for the Dark Side now , telling Jack he was already on Team Locke , and putting bugs in the ears of her fellow castaways , trying to get them to trust in the Man in Black .
So why do n’t they just leave her behind ?
Honestly , I do n’t think it matters what they do wit her .
And I ’ll explain why in a bit .
Sawyer and Kate find the boat , but only after Sawyer drops a “ That ’s what she said ” followed by his best not - a- nickname nickname regarding Lapidus : “ That pilot who looks like he stepped off the set of a Burt Reynolds movie . ”
I could ’ve died .
Brilliant .
And great to see LOST has n’t foregone its sense of humor in the midst of its endgame .
Jack , Hurley , Frank and Sun ( god I ’m glad they ’re taking Frank with them ) peel off from Flocke ’s death march to rendezvous with Kate and Sawyer .
But they ’ve got a tag - along .
Claire tracks them to the boat and asks why she ’s being left behind .
Kate has had enough .
She talks Claire down , disarming her figuratively and literally by denouncing Locke and playing the treasured Aaron card .
And ultimately , she makes good ( at least temporarily ) on fulfilling her purpose of rescuing Lil’ Miss Littleton .
Good for Kate , but I think that “ conversion ” is short - lived .
Claire ’s mind is too warped to be changed by a single pep talk , and that ’s going to have big consequences moving forward .
Aboard the Elizabeth and due on a mystical compass bearing toward Hyrda Island , Jack and Sawyer have what might be their final pissing match in their long , sordid history .
Jack , carrying dead Locke ’s disillusionment as his own , tells Sawyer , “ This does n’t feel right , leaving the Island … .
I remember how I felt last time I left , like a part of me was missing .
We were brought here because we were supposed to do something .
” It does n’t get more John Locke than that , folks .
Jack ’s transformation to Man of Faith is complete .
He ’s even questioning the Island ’s manifestation of evil ( Flocke ) by purporting that staying on the Island is the right thing to do because it ’s what Flocke does n’t want .
But what Sawyer does n’t want is dissent .
He tells Jack to take his crazy ideas and swim back to shore .
And Jack , following his own internal mystical compass bearing , does just that .
He leaps , and when Kate predictably tells Sawyer to go back for him , Sawyer delivers the final blow : “ We ’re done going back , Kate .
” And off they went , to reunite Sun and Jin or something .
I do n’t know , I checked my email while Maggie wept at that scene .
Good for them , I suppose .
But I had better things to think about .
We are done with Leader Jack .
He died .
His funeral was last week with Hurley , when he admitted he was done fixing things .
New Jack is fully converted , standing on the other side of the chess board from Flocke .
You want my prediction ?
You ’re looking at the replacement vessels for Jacob and the Man in Black .
Jack is now Jacob and Flocke is Smokey , now and forever .
Think about it : Jacob told Hurley that Jack had to realize his purpose , find it and fulfill it .
What more sensible purpose could Jacob have been guiding Jack to ?
Jacob has been tracking candidates for his replacement , and Jack is just the man for the job , with a heart for doing the right thing and a learned sense of laissez - faire leadership .
But this episode was called “ The Last Recruit . ”
The Last Recruit is also Jack , and Flocke ’s the one recruiting him .
Notice that Jacob calls his potential replacements “ candidates , ” denoting an absence of finality and certainty and implying that those potential replacements have something of a choice .
Man in Black calls his people “ recruits , ” a more militaristic term that conveys less choice and implies that people are “ destined ” to replace the Man in Black , whether they like it or not .
And Jack is the Man in Black ’s Last Recruit .
His great white hope .
As Widmore - brand missiles rain down on the beach – presumably killing Cindy , Zach , Emma and the other Others who had converted to the tribe of Flocke – Flocke carefully delivers Jack from danger .
As he regains consciousness , Flocke assures him , “ You ’re with me now . ”
Flocke is protecting Jack in the same way he did when he posed as his dead father to lead him to water .
Then and now , his means are heroic but his ends are devious .
And like I said , the betting man in me bets that Man in Black is not getting off the Island , and that he ’s doomed to live out his existence in the shell of the man he just called “ a sucker .
” My reasoning for that ?
It ’s in the alternate reality .
Let ’s see what ’s going on over there .
The Last Recruit featured my favorite alternate reality storyline , and I think it was due to the fact that it was multi-focused .
We got a little bit of everybody ’s story , and that was a very deliberate decision .
LOST is rife with convergences both on and off the Island , especially now that it ’s winding down .
Even Flocke said it was nice to have everybody back together .
And maybe it was that convergence that illuminated the similarities between our characters ’ on -Island and alternate storylines .
The mirror parallels were woven throughout the episode , and it gave the whole thing a nice sense of a looming finality .
PS : This song might be a good one to listen to while you read the rest of this .
How much do you love Dr. Linus ?
Sweet , down - trodden Dr. Linus , coaxing Locke back into consciousness in the back of that ambulance .
He seemed generally troubled , doing his best to help his new friend .
And Locke did his best to help Ben out .
" Helen Norwood , " he muttered .
He said he " was " going to marry her .
I 'll get to the ominous use of that past tense at the end , by the way .
( Also , some have theorized that it was MIB , not Jacob , that Ben followed around the Island for years .
Which means it was MIB , not Jacob , who muttered " Help me " to Locke back in the cabin a few years ago .
So we have MIB muttering " help me " and Locke muttering things in order to help himself .
Cool parallel ?
Or am I just up too late again ? )
While Locke drifts in and out of consciousness on his way to the hospital , a pregnant and wounded Sun is wheeled in next to him .
Terrified , she recognizes him , and begins screaming in Korean .
I think that was Sun “ crossing over , ” but she did n’t seem to be affected by it later , when talking to Jin .
Luckily , she came out of surgery smelling like a Tokyo Rose .
Baby fine .
Mama fine .
Papa fine .
This moment of simultaneous terror and resolution mirrored the on -Island events .
There was the fear of being held captive by Team Widmore , juxtaposed against the joy and resolution of her reunion with Jin .
I ’m going to mention further juxtapositions as we go along here , so just keep these in mind .
Sawyer and Kate ’s pointed back - and - forth , where they questioned each other ’s hidden agendas , was a reflection of their on - Island story .
They bickered and poked , but ultimately ended up estranged .
Their relationship is a non-factor .
He ’s the cop .
She ’s the con .
And that ’s as far as it goes – just like the Island , where try as they might to end up together , it ’s not in the cards .
Sawyer and Kate ’s interrogation is interrupted by Miles , who has a new case to crack and needs help from James .
They chase down Sayid at Nadia ’s house , who tries to flee the scene , only to be thwarted by Detective James Ford ’s Rubber Hose of Justice .
Oh man that sounded wrong .
So Sayid ’s on his way downtown .
Where does this leave us ?
I ’ll get back to that one , too .
Then it was time for Claire .
Poor , sweet , Claire .
She survived a cab ride with fugitive Kate after a tumultuous , third - trimester , ocean - crossing flight .
And she ’s finally arrived to the climax of her bittersweet mission : the adoption agency .
But not so fast .
Desmond intervenes , trying to prevent Claire from getting into an “ irreversible ” situation with the adoption and imploring her to see his lawyer .
And his lawyer is alternate Ilana !
She does have a purpose – and just like in the Island world , it ’s looking after candidates .
This time , the candidate is Jack and she ’s been tasked with executing his father ’s will – which means tracking down the mysterious “ Claire Littleton ” named in it .
That mission accomplished , she calls a meeting with Jack , who finally meets his sister before being called away for some emergency spinal surgery .
Claire is thus deserted at Ilana & Associates , LLC , and not privy to the grand cosmos reunion at the hospital .
Why ?
You guessed it .
I ’m getting there later .
Soon , I promise .
Finally , we see the long - awaited , pre-destined surgery with Jack operating on Locke .
The fact that Jack saw Locke 's face ( and not his own ) in that mirror is something I 'm using as further ammunition to my theory that they are the new Jacob and Man in Black , respectively .
Jack did n't see himself because he 's already found himself .
Same goes for Locke .
Their meeting happened - not by choice , but by circumstance ; but the important thing is , it happened .
Whatever happens , happens .
That Faraday battle cry is starting to ring truer and truer , and I believe it ’s intent is not limited to time travel .
As the parallels between the on-Island and alternate storylines showed last night , there are certain things that , damn it , are just going to happen .
Sun and Jin will reunite amid turmoil , Jack will be called into action and relied upon to come through in the clutch , Kate ’s a fugitive , Sawyer a well - intentioned man with a wild streak and the list goes on and on .
I think it goes to show that , whether you ’re traveling through time or hurtling sideways through space , there are certain undeniable aspects of our core essence .
Those aspects create circumstances which are equally unavoidable .
And they shape character that transcends time and space .
At least , according to LOST .
It does , anyway , for most of them .
But for some , the path is not so clear .
For the souls that have been claimed , there are some very serious roadblocks .
Okay , I ’ve promised to touch on Sayid ’s incarceration , Claire ’s inclusion on Team Sawyer and exclusion from the hospital and Locke ’s use of past tense .
See a pattern here ?
Claimed souls with “ irreversible ” conditions .
That ’s an amalgamation of some of the terminology that ’s been applied to Locke , Sayid and Claire .
I think what it means , and what we ’re seeing , is that these people are going to be denied from “ connecting ” with their alternate selves .
All three of them have failed to connect – at least so far .
And all three of them are in pretty dire circumstances in the alternate reality .
Claire is marooned in a drab boardroom , the future of her baby up in the air and her relationship with her half - brother further and further estranged .
Sayid is incarcerated .
And John Locke is in the grips of some life - threatening injuries , and already seems resigned to succumbing to those injuries , hence his used of " was " when speaking about marrying Helen .
Compare that to their on - Island doppelgangers .
Claire is unwanted ; damaged goods ; left by Sawyer to rot on the Island with her dark thoughts and her poop baby .
Sayid is imprisoned by the debt he ’s racking up in his dealings with Flocke .
And Locke is , well , dead .
My takeaway / theory of the night , after watching The Last Recruit , is that these damned souls – purposeless Locke , childless Claire and Nadia - less Sayid – wo n’t be able to make the leap to their alternate selves .
They 'll be left to rot in the Island prison , a punishment for allowing themselves to be claimed by dark , sinister forces .
But I think what we ’ll see is Jack , Sawyer , Kate , Sun and Jin being given the opportunity ( thanks in large part to Desmond ) to choose what lives they want to lead .
Jack will opt to stay on the Island and take over for Jacob .
His friends will choose to leap , and leave Jack to protect the Island from the evils of the Man in Black .
The Man in Black , trapped forever in Locke ’s body , will stay to oppose newly - faithful Jack .
Locke will be allowed to " live on " as the Man in Black , since it was just his body ( not his soul ) that was claimed .
And Sayid and Claire will either serve as his minions or die before they have the chance to do more damage .
But perhaps the lesson that underscores this possible outcome is something that can tie together good and evil , as well as fate and free will .
Those who choose good ( Jack , Sawyer , Sun , Jin and Hurley ) are given the luxury of free will in order to choose to live the life they want most .
But those who choose evil ( Sayid and Claire – and Locke ’s body ) are doomed to a dark , foreboding fate .
Which begs the question … what the hell are they gonna do with Frank “ Chesty ” Lapidus ?
Namaste .
Charlie
What you are about to see , are not paintings on canvas !
Alexa
Meade paints with acrylics directly on human flesh creating the illusion of painterly portraits .
“ Alexa Meade is an installation artist based in the Washington , DC area .
Her background in the world of political communications has fueled her intellectual interest in the tensions between perception and reality .
Alexa Meade ’s innovative use of paint on the three dimensional surfaces of found objects , live models , and architectural spaces has been incorporated into a series of installations that create a perceptual shift in how we experience and interpret spatial relationships . ” ( from her BIO )
Website : alexameade.com | Flickr : flickr.com/photos/alexameade/
Jamie
Portrait of Alexa Meade
Bernie
Egg On Egg
Living Still Life
Natura Morta
Sara
Timmy
Will
Ann
All Images ©alexameade.com
For those in the US who were disappointed that China did not use this week ’s US - China dialogue to announce a revaluation of its currency – such as some members of Congress – the next occasion to watch may be next month ’s G - 20 meetings .
China knows it is under pressure to revalue its currency , the renminbi , as a sign of its willingness to address trade imbalances .
But the Chinese government is more likely to act in the run-up to a major international economic gathering than in the context of a bilateral dialogue with the US , say some business and economic experts .
Even if China does respond to international pressure in coming weeks , say some of the same experts , any Chinese action is unlikely to have the kind of impact on US trade figures – and jobs – that Congress is looking for .
“ We agree China ought to have an exchange rate that better reflects market influences , ” says John Frisbee , president of the US - China Business Council in Washington .
“ But we do n’t think it ’s going to have much of an impact on the bilateral trade deficit , nor do we think it ’s going to have an impact on American jobs . ”
Despite the lack of action on currency , this week ’s Strategic and Economic Dialogue in Beijing was positive , Mr. Frisbee says , if for no other reason than it kept bilateral discussions going on issues ranging from market access to fiscal policy and protectionism .
The US delegation to the talks , led by Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , included more than 200 US officials – but failed to deliver any headline results .
That outcome led some trade organizations to call the talks a sham and evidence of US weakness toward China , while rumblings resurfaced in Congress over what is considered to be China ’s undervalued currency .
Some economic analysts say it was never likely that China would use the occasion of a US - China dialogue to announce a revaluation of the renminbi .
Derek Scissors , an Asia economics analyst at the Heritage Foundation in Washington , says he sees a better chance that China will take action prior to the G - 20 meetings next month in Canada .
But even then , he guesses that – if it happens – a revaluation will be small and largely a symbolic gesture .
“ They ’ll say something like , ‘ This is what the world has asked of us , ’ ” Mr. Scissors says .
But “ it will be minor and wo n’t have any effect on US - China trade . ”
The US - China Business Council ’s Frisbee says he foresees perhaps a return to the situation before July 2008 , when China pegged the renminbi to the dollar .
Prior to that action , the Chinese currency floated within a narrow band and was thus allowed to gradually though modestly rise in value .
“ The Chinese know this issue is a political irritant with the US , ” he says .
But that scenario is unlikely to satisfy those in the US who want a dramatic move .
The result , Scissors says , could be additional fireworks over the US - China trade imbalance : not on the Fourth of July , but when Congress reconvenes after Labor Day .
Saying a revaluation of China ’s currency is “ not the administration ’s issue ” but more Congress ’s fixation , Scissors notes that he expects some expression of US frustration in the fall if China has not acted by then .
“ When Congress comes back in September of an election year , things tend to happen very fast ” on voter - popular measures , he says .
If China has n’t “ deflected the fire ” from Congress with some action by September , Scissors says , “ It ’s too late . ”
Related :
American jobs vs. China 's currency :
Is the yuan too high ?
Hillary Clinton in China : a juggling act over North Korea , Iran
Way back when , computers used to only have command line interfaces .
To get a PC to do anything at all , people had to memorize commands , and type them in correctly .
But forcing people to memorize commands is not particularly user friendly .
As a result , few people knew how to use computers , or wanted to learn .
When graphical user interfaces became popular , people did n’t have to memorize commands anymore .
Instead , everything they could do was shown on their screen .
« Memorizing » was replaced with « recognizing » .
No longer did people have to memorize « cp » if they wanted to duplicate a file ; they just had to look through the « File » menu and recognize the « Duplicate » command .
Memorization was relegated to shortcuts .
Instead of selecting « Duplicate » from a menu in order to create a copy of a file , people could use a keyboard command that they had memorized .
But it was an optional , secondary way of achieving the same thing .
In a way , gestural user interfaces are a step back , a throwback to the command line .
Gestures are often not obvious and hard to discover ; the user interface does n’t tell you what you can do with an object .
Instead , you have to remember which gestures you can use , the same way you had to remember the commands you could use in a command line interface .
This works well for something like pinch - to - zoom , which is reasonably obvious and used by many applications .
Once you ’ve seen somebody use pinch - to - zoom , you will remember how to use it yourself .
It works less well for other gestures ; gestures that are not as obvious , and are used by only a few applications .
Take a look at this list of gestures for Apple ’s iPad version of Pages .
Here ’s how you move an object by one pixel :
You can move an object in single - pixel increments by nudging it .
Touch and hold the object with one finger , and then use another finger to swipe across the page in the direction you want the object to move .
This is how you match the size of two objects :
You can quickly match the size of two objects on the page .
You may find it easier to use both hands for this operation .
Select the object you want to resize , and then drag a selection handle .
As you ’re dragging , touch and hold another object of desired size .
When you see the words Match Size appear , lift your finger from the resized object ( the first object ) and then the other object , or lift both your fingers at the same time .
Almost nobody is going to find these gestures simply by exploring the application , and trying out things .
Even people who are shown how to use these gestures are unlikely to remember them immediately .
In part , this is because there are no conventions for many of the more sophisticated actions an application like Pages offers .
Since there are no conventions , developers have to come up with new solutions , and we have to learn them ; we do n’t know how something like Pages on an iPad is supposed to work , so we do n’t know what to try .
But partly , it ’s because these gestures are not obvious .
There is no discoverability .
As Duncan Wilcox points out , gesture - based user interfaces often do n’t have visible elements that represent verbs .
The gesture is the verb .
This works if the gesture is intuitive , but breaks down if there is no « natural » gesture for a verb .
And since there is no intuitive , natural way of moving an object by one pixel ( or skewing it , or mirroring it ) , we have to learn that command , and memorize it .
The user interface does n’t tell you how to nudge an object by a pixel ; in fact , merely from looking at the application , you would n’t figure out that this feature even exists .
When natural user interfaces resort to non-obvious gestures , they essentially regress into a really pretty , modern version of the quaint old command line interface .
There are several solutions to this problem .
Modes , Quasimodes , and Inspectors
One solution would be to introduce modes .
This would allow the same simple , obvious gesture to do different things , depending on which mode the application is in .
By reusing simple gestures to do different things based on the application ’s current mode , you can avoid more complex , hard to learn gestures .
OmniGraffle uses this solution for some of its features .
This movie shows how the same simple drag gesture can be used both to move objects , as well as to draw connections between objects , depending on the application ’s mode .
Instead of offering a complex gesture for nudging an object by one pixel , Pages could offer a « nudge » mode , in which dragging an object would move it slowly , pixel by pixel .
That way , you could reuse the simple « move » gesture for nudging .
Full - blown modes sometimes lead to confusion .
If it is not always immediately obvious to the user what mode the application is in , a gesture might not produce the effect the user was expecting .
A possible solution to this problem would be to forego modes , and offer quasimodes instead .
For example , selecting an object could show a menu which would allow users to activate quasimodes for nudging and resizing , similarly to how the iPhone implements selecting and copying text :
Touching a text area offers a menu that allows users to activate the « select text » quasimode .
Applications could also avoid gestures entirely for lesser - used features .
One way of achieving this might be an inspector - like window showing possible commands , attached to the active object .
Use Complex Gestures Only as Shortcuts
Instead of forcing people to learn complex gestures , such gestures could be offered as optional shortcuts , offering quicker access to certain features for those people who are willing to learn the gestures .
An example of this can be seen on the iPhone , when deleting an element in a list view .
You can either touch the « Edit » button to activate the « Edit list » mode , which allows you to delete list entries .
Or you can swipe across an individual entry and delete it this way ; the gesture is not obvious , but this does n’t matter since it is not the primary way of deleting list entries , but merely a shortcut .
I ’ve already written about teaching gestures , and I believe it should be possible to provide a system that teaches gestures similarly to how we teach keyboard shortcuts , by showing them in the context of the primary user interface .
For example , a simple animation of the corresponding gesture could be shown when the user selects an action from an object ’s inspector .
That way , people could use the inspector to nudge an object by a pixel , but when they use this feature frequently , they will eventually learn the gesture from seeing it each time they invoke the action using the inspector .
This essay has been translated to Romanian by Alexander Ovsov .
Read the translation here .
SANTA ANA — A Newport Beach man attempting to steal a pornographic magazine shoved a liquor store owner so fiercely that the man flew through the air and landed on the back of his head , a prosecutor told a jury here Tuesday .
Hao Huynh , who owned Sportsman Liquor in Newport Beach for 15 years , died the day after the vicious attack on July 28 , 2007 from a fractured skull and massive bleeding in the brain , Deputy District Attorney Matt Murphy said .
Those circumstances make defendant Weston Scott Kruger , 31 , guilty of special circumstances murder in the commission of a robbery , Murphy said in his opening statements .
If convicted , Kruger could be sentenced by Superior Court Judge W. Michael Hayes to life in state prison without the possibility of parole .
But defense attorney Jeremy Dolnick said Kruger should be convicted of the lesser charge of manslaughter .
Dolnick did not dispute that Kruger shoved Huynh , but insisted that his client had abandoned the robbery attempt by throwing the pornographic magazine back at his pursuer .
Dolnick contended that Kruger simply wanted to stop the situation , and was trying to leave the liquor store .
Both attorneys agreed that Kruger tried to shoplift a pornographic magazine from Sportsman Liquor at 2615 Newport Blvd. , in Newport Beach by hiding it under his shirt when he walked up to the cash register to buy a pack of cigarettes .
Huynh , who could see the magazine sticking out of Kruger ’s shirt , demanded that it be returned .
Kruger then walked out of the store , refusing to give up the magazine .
Murphy contended that Huynh , who weighed only about 100 pounds , was assaulted by the much larger Kruger when he grabbed for the stolen magazine .
Dolnick , however , said Kruger threw the magazine back at Huynh first , and then shoved him to the ground .
Huynh was rushed to a hospital , where he died the following day from traumatic brain injuries .
Huynh and his wife — who was present at the time her husband was knocked to the ground — had owned and worked at Sportsman Liquor since 1992 .
The victim ’s wife was in the store at the time of the attack .
The incident was captured on video surveillance .
An uninvolved witness in the parking lot identified Kruger , with whom he had gone to high school .
Detectives later found the stolen magazine during a search of Krueger ’s home .
Kruger ’s trial should end next week .
Contact the writer : lwelborn@ocregister.com or 714-834-3784
Die U - Bahn , die nie gebaut wurde Unterirdische Bahnen : Jetzt widmet sich eine Ausstellung zwei visionären Projekten .
Erste Ideen , in Zürich eine U - Bahn zu bauen , entstanden bereits 1864 , ein Jahr nach der Eröffnung der ersten U - Bahn der Welt in London .
In der zweiten Hälfte des 20 .
Jahrhunderts wurden aus der Vision konkrete Pläne für ein Tiefbahn - Projekt .
Doch nach einem heftigen Abstimmungskampf lehnten die Stadtzürcher Stimmbürger 1962 eine Vorlage dazu klar ab .
1973 fegte das Stimmvolk auf Kantonsebene Pläne für eine kombinierte U- und S - Bahn vom Tisch .
Ausstellung im « Karpfen »
Jetzt widmet sich eine Ausstellung dem Thema : Vom 30 .
April bis 31 .
Oktober zeigt die Sonderschau im Tram - Museum Zürich « U - Bahn in Zürich - Träume , Projekte , Abstimmungskampf » die nie verwirklichten Ideen .
Akten , Skizzen , Pläne und Modelle zeigt die Sonderschau passend in einem Tram vom Wagentyp Karpfen aus dem Jahr 1960 , welches für den Einsatz mit der Tiefbahn gebaut worden ist .
Die Ausstellung wird durch ein umfangreiches Rahmenprogramm ergänzt .
SDA / fsc
Attorneys for the federal government have argued in a lawsuit pending in federal court in Iowa that individuals have no " fundamental right " to obtain what food they choose .
The brief was filed April 26 in support of a motion to dismiss a lawsuit filed by the Farm - to - Consumer Legal Defense Fund over the U.S. Food and Drug Administration 's ban on the interstate sale of raw milk .
" There is no ' deeply rooted ' historical tradition of unfettered access to foods of all kinds , " states the document signed by U.S. Attorney Stephanie Rose , assistant Martha Fagg and Roger Gural , trial attorney for the U.S. Department of Justice .
" Plaintiffs ' assertion of a ' fundamental right to their own bodily and physical health , which includes what foods they do and do not choose to consume for themselves and their families ' is similarly unavailing because plaintiffs do not have a fundamental right to obtain any food they wish , " the government has argued .
TRENDING : The Bidens avoided paying more than $ 500,000 in payroll taxes by exploiting S corporations
WND has reported several times on fed crackdowns on producers of raw milk for friends and neighbors , including the recent case when agents arrived to inspect a private property belonging to Dan Allgyer in Pennsylvania at 5 a.m .
The incident was followed by a report a few days later that documented a proposal pending in Congress that critics say would do for the nation 's food supply what the new health - care reform law has done for health - care resources .
" S. 510 , the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2010 , may be the most dangerous bill in the history of the U.S. , " critiqued Steve Green on the Food Freedom blog .
" It is to our food what the bailout was to our economy , only we can live without money . "
The plan is sponsored by U.S. Rep. John Dingell , D - Mich. , who explains the legislation " is a critical step toward equipping the FDA with the authorities and funding it needs to regulate what is now a global marketplace for food , drugs , devices and cosmetics . "
Now it 's statism on our plate !
Mark Levin 's manifesto – ' Liberty and Tyranny ' – provides the antidote to its growing stranglehold
His website explains , " The legislation requires foreign and domestic food facilities to have safety plans in place to prevent food hazards before they occur , increases the frequency of inspections .
Additionally , it provides strong , flexible enforcement tools , including mandatory recall .
Most importantly , this bill generates the resources to support FDA food - safety activities . "
The proposal cleared the U.S. House last year but has been languishing in the Senate because of a full calendar of projects .
It creates a long list of new requirements for food - producing entities to meet the demands of the secretary of agriculture .
It is expected to be the subject of discussion in coming days .
The Iowa case alleges the federal restrictions on raw milk are a violation of the U.S. Constitution , according to a report at Natural News .
RELATED : Protest against feds focuses on raw - milk rules
The federal attorneys want the case dismissed .
" The interest claimed by plaintiffs could be framed more narrowly as a right to ' provide themselves and their families with the foods of their own choice , ' " the government document states .
But the attorneys say that right does n't exist .
" The FDA essentially believes that nobody has the right to choose what to eat or drink , " said the Natural News site , which explains it covers topics that allow individuals to make positive changes in their health , environmental sensitivity and consumer choices .
" You are only ' allowed ' to eat or drink what the FDA gives you permission to .
There is no inherent right or God - given right to consume any foods from nature without the FDA 's consent . "
The Natural News report continued , " The state , in other words , may override your food decisions and deny you free access to the foods and beverages you wish to consume .
And the state may do this for completely unscientific reasons – even just political reasons – all at their whim . "
The report cited an increasing level of frustration on the part of the federal government because of tactics including buying " cow shares " in which a consumer drinks milk from a cow he partly owns , or " buying clubs . "
" This arrangement drives the FDA absolutely batty because it bypasses their authority and allows free people to engage in the free sales of raw dairy products produced on small family farms , " Natural News said .
The report blames the aggressive campaign against raw milk on large commercial dairy interests , " because it threatens the commercial milk business . "
The reason cannot be safety , the report said , since a report from the Weston A. Price Foundation revealed that from 1980 to 2005 there were 10 times more illnesses from pasteurized milk than from raw milk .
The federal government attorneys say the FDA 's goal is to prevent disease , and that 's why the " ban on the interstate sale of unpasteurized milk " was adopted .
The attorneys conceded that states ordinarily are expected to regulate intrastate activity but noted , " it is within HHS 's authority … to institute an intrastate ban as well . "
Natural News reported the ban could be seen as violating the 10th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution , which leaves to states all powers not specifically designated in the Constitution for the federal body .
In fact , according to the Wisconsin State Journal , lawmakers there have adopted a bill , with the governor 's support , that would allow farmers to sell raw milk directly to consumers .
The move puts Wisconsin in position to be the 20th state to allow direct sales of raw milk .
Another handful of states allow retail sales .
Read Joseph Farah 's commentary on the issues of natural foods , in today 's column : " Got milk ?
You bet – from Mexico "
Special offers :
SCARY MEDICINE : Exposing the dark side of vaccines
' Vaccines : the risks , the benefits , the choices ' : Must - see DVD for parents on the fence about whether to vaccinate
Reclaim your health !
The Red Knights ' attempt to take control of Manchester United looks increasingly doomed to failure after it emerged that key players within the consortium have become disaffected and are losing hope of persuading the Glazer family to relinquish power at Old Trafford .
Senior figures involved with the Red Knights have told the Guardian there are internal divisions and that they suspect they are fighting a losing battle when it comes to putting together a takeover bid of sufficient value to end the Glazers ' unpopular regime .
Although the consortium is rigidly maintaining its public stance that it is confident of being in power for the start of next season , one of the businessmen prominently involved has lost confidence to the point that he believes they might not even submit a bid were it not for the criticism they would attract after such a highly publicised campaign .
His belief is that , if they did lodge an offer , it would be for " face - saving " purposes , in the knowledge that it would be turned down , and that it would not be followed up with an improved bid .
Instead it would lie dormant , with the Red Knights claiming the Glazers were over - pricing the club .
Another high - level source has said the problems arise from bringing together so many different investors , many of whom have contrasting visions for the future , particularly when it comes to the possibility of giving the club 's supporters a substantial percentage of the ownership .
The Red Knights have made a point of embracing groups such as the Manchester United Supporters ' Trust ( MUST ) but internally there are people involved who believe they have made a mistake leading such an aggressive campaign through the media , publicly criticising the Glazers in the process .
The group of wealthy United - supporting individuals , put together by the investment banker and former Old Trafford director Jim O'Neill , have been operating with a carrot - and - stick approach – the carrot being a bid , probably around £ 850 m , and the stick being a recommendation for season - ticket holders not to renew under the current regime .
The idea was that a mass boycott would put financial pressure on the Glazers and almost bully them into believing they should sever their ties with the club .
The Red Knights guaranteed , in turn , that boycotters would eventually get their season tickets price at reduced prices but it has since become clear to O'Neill and his colleagues that there is not enough support for the move and that it would have little impact on the Glazers .
The club says it is relaxed about selling all 55,000 season tickets and filling Old Trafford for every home match next season .
" If there 's a threat , then we 'll see but our season ticket sales and renewals for this upcoming season are on track for previous years , " the chief executive , David Gill , said .
" Our executive ticket renewals are on track , so we 'll have to see at the start of the season , but we 're envisaging sell - out crowds going forward for Manchester United . "
The Glazers took control at Old Trafford in 2005 and have the backing of the club 's manager , Sir Alex Ferguson , but the supporters have been waging a hostile campaign against them , leading to voluble protests at every match .
" It really is incredible but since the Glazers took over they have wasted £ 437 m in fees and interest , more than the total ticket revenue ( £ 398 m ) for the full five - year period of their ownership , " said a MUST spokesman .
" Every single penny we 've spent on our tickets over their five - year ownership has been wasted .
Or to put it another way , every one of us could have attended every match free of charge for the last five years and on top of that the club could have given every season - ticket holder £ 700 each – and would still have been no worse off . "
The Glazers maintain that the club is not for sale and , privately , they have described the Red Knights as " naive " .
The Florida - based family say they have already turned down several offers , including a £ 1.5 bn bid from the Middle East towards the end of last year .
That figure has been disputed by the Red Knights , whose information is that it was £ 1bn , but their own efforts to put together a bid have been described by one key figure as " looking a bit grim " .
In their last public statement the Red Knights admitted the " process [ of formalising a bid ] is understandably complex and taking time " and that it would be " wrong to offer above fair value " .
( CNN ) -- A Roman - era mummy was recently unearthed in a Bahariya Oasis cemetery , about 190 miles southwest of Cairo .
The 3 - foot - tall female mummy was discovered by Egyptian archaeologists .
The figure was found covered with plaster decorated to resemble Roman dress and jewelry , said Egypt 's Supreme Council of Antiquities in a press release Monday .
In addition to the female mummy , the Supreme Council of Antiquities said archaeologists found clay and glass vessels , coins , anthropoid masks and 14 Greco - Roman tombs .
Director of Cairo and Giza Antiquities Mahmoud Affifi , the archaeologist who led the dig , said the tomb has a unique design with stairways and corridors , and could date to 300 B.C .
Bahariya Oasis is not new to archaeological investigations .
In 1996 , a team of Egyptian archaeologists found 17 tombs and 254 mummies at the site .
This most recent find came as a result of excavation work for the construction of a youth center .
The Supreme Council of Antiquities has halted the construction work .
Efforts Tuesday by CNN to reach the archaeologists and Zahi Hawass , secretary general of the Supreme Council of Antiquities , were unsuccessful .
The dress that turns into a Coca Cola machine to ward off attackers
If you like to blend in when it comes to fashion , then this is the skirt for you .
A Japanese designer has unveiled a garment that doubles as a disguise , unfolding to look like the front of a vending machine .
It may look decidedly silly , but Aya Tsukioka 's idea has a serious aim .
Miss Tsukioka , 31 , says she hopes it will help ease women 's fear of crime and discourage would - be attackers .
Spot the fashion : A Japanese man walks right by the model in the dress
The dress transforms ...
... from an article of clothing ...
... into a secure hiding place
With vending machines lined up on many of Japan 's city streets , there are plenty of opportunities for camouflage .
Showing off the design yesterday , Miss Tsukioka lifted a flap on the skirt to expose a large sheet of cloth printed with the familiar bright red Coca - Cola logo .
She showed how a woman walking alone could hide behind it to outfox a potential attacker .
The experimental clothes designer has already sold 20 of the £ 400 hand - sewn vending machine skirts and is hoping to market the design worldwide .
She says the idea was inspired by a trick used by Japanese ninja assassins , who cloaked themselves - in black blankets so they could n't be seen at night .
Hide 'n 'seek :
Most people on the busy Tokyo street appeared to walk right by the model in the dress - a deluxe version of which folds out into a four - sided contraption
She has also come up with the ' manhole bag ' which is supposed to look like a sewer cover when you put it down so unwitting thieves walk right by without noticing it .
And there 's a line of knife - proof high school uniforms made with the same material as Kevlar military vests
While British women might prefer to take self - defence classes , Miss Tsukioka said : ' It is just easier for Japanese to hide .
Making a scene would be too embarrassing . '
Washing your hands " wipes the slate clean , " removing doubts about recent choices .
That 's the key finding of a University of Michigan study published in the current ( May 7 ) issue of Science .
The study , conducted by U - M psychologists Spike W. S. Lee and Norbert Schwarz , expands on past research by showing that hand - washing does more than remove the guilt of past misdeeds .
" It 's not just that washing your hands contributes to moral cleanliness as well as physical cleanliness , as seen in earlier research " said Lee , a doctoral candidate in social psychology .
" Our studies show that washing also reduces the influence of past behaviors and decisions that have no moral implications whatsoever . "
For the study , Lee and Schwarz , who is affiliated with the U - M Institute for Social Research ( ISR ) and the Ross School of Business in addition to the Department of Psychology , asked undergraduate students to browse through 30 CD covers as part of an alleged consumer survey .
Participants picked 10 CDs they would like to own , ranking them by preference .
Later , the experimenter offered them a choice between their 5th and 6th ranked CDs as a token of appreciation .
Following that choice , participants completed an ostensibly unrelated product survey -- of liquid soap .
Half merely examined the bottle before answering while the others tested the soap by washing their hands .
After completing a filler task , participants were asked to rank the 10 CDs again .
" People who merely examined the soap bottle dealt with their doubts about their decision by changing how they saw the CDs :
As in hundreds of earlier studies , once they had made a choice , they saw the chosen CD as much more attractive than before and the rejected CD as much less attractive .
But hand - washing eliminated this classic effect .
Once participants had washed their hands , they no longer needed to justify their choice when they ranked the CDs the second time around , " Schwarz said .
The researchers replicated the findings in a study using a different task -- taste expectations of jars of fruit jams and ostensibly unrelated surveys of antiseptic wipes .
" Participants who merely examined an antiseptic wipe after choosing a jar of fruit jam expected the taste of the chosen jam to far exceed the taste of the rejected one .
This difference was eliminated when participants tested the antiseptic wipe by cleaning their hands , " said Lee .
According to the authors , the results show that as much as washing can cleanse us from traces of past immoral behavior , it can also cleanse us from traces of past decisions , reducing the need to justify them .
This " clean slate " effect may be relevant to many choices in life .
Does washing away the urge to justify one 's choice of one car over another , or even one partner over another , result in less rosy evaluations of them in the long run ?
If so , does this increase buyer 's remorse because buyers are less likely to convince themselves that they made the best choice possible ?
A gradual dying out of large herbivores about 15,000 years ago , lead to the disappearance of certain plant populations , a new study says .
The findings contradict pervious ideas that climate change could have killed off these plant communities .
Here , mastodons graze on black ash trees in a Pleistocene swamp .
This Behind the Scenes article was provided to LiveScience in partnership with the National Science Foundation .
Jack Williams is a plant ecologist at heart .
He likes to figure out how — and why — plant communities change over time .
" For my entire career , I 've been keenly interested in the problem of ' no - analogue ' plant communities , which are communities that existed in the past but are no longer found today , " said Williams , a professor of geography at the University of Wisconsin at Madison who is an expert on ancient climates and ecosystems .
" They are often composed of still - alive species , but in combinations not found at present , and would look very strange to a modern ecologist . "
For example , high abundances of needle - leaved trees , such as spruce and larch , and deciduous trees ( those that lose their leaves , such as ash and hornbeam ) have been found in fossil records in the upper Midwest dating from the end of the last ice age .
But today , these trees live in very different geographic areas .
" So my question is simple :
Why did these communities form in the past , and why are they no longer around today ? "
Williams said .
Recently , these interests took on a new dimension for him .
In November , Williams and his colleagues , including graduate student Jacquelyn Gill , released research on how the extinction of ancient large plant - eating animals , such as mammoths and mastodons , affected ecosystems when the enormous mammals began their decline in North America about 15,000 years ago .
However , in doing so , the researchers also raised intriguing new questions about how those animals might have died in the first place .
To gather data , the researchers delved into roughly 40 feet of sediment to analyze fossil pollen , charcoal and dung - fungus spores beneath Appleman Lake in Indiana , a deep body of water left behind when the last ice age ended about 20,000 years ago .
To determine the population density of the animals , the scientists examined levels of the fungus Sporormiella , commonly found in the dung of large - plant eaters .
They also measured pollen embedded in the layers of sediment to get a picture of plant growth and density , and charcoal to determine when fires occurred .
They found that the death of these creatures apparently prompted a proliferation of broadleaved trees , and ultimately , the accumulation of woody debris that contributed to a dramatic increase in wildfires .
They also determined that the animals ' decline probably was gradual , meaning they did n't die from some sudden event .
Taken together , the evidence appeared to eliminate some popular theories about what caused their mass extinction , including the impact of a meteor or comet , a " blitzkrieg " of human hunting , or a loss of habitat due to climate changes .
" Our field work at Appleman Lake was fun , but had its share of challenges , " Williams said .
The research team obtained its sediment specimens through a process known as coring .
Their coring operation consisted of a three - person crew , two canoes , and a wooden raft resting on top of the canoes .
" Our coring barrel is a meter long , so we retrieve the mud one meter at a time , pushing deeper and deeper into the lake sediments with each drive , " he said .
" The pushing is done by hand , and we have two - meter rods that we keep adding on as we drive deeper and deeper into the sediments .
Once we reach the target depth interval , we unlock the piston that sits at the bottom of the coring barrel — which has kept sediments from filling the barrel as we push it down to the target interval — then drive the barrel down into the sediments "
At one point , as they were pushing the coring barrel into position , " we got our depths mixed up and I realized that we had pushed a meter too deep , " Williams recalled .
" This meant that we had just contaminated a meter of not - yet - collected mud with our coring barrel , and that we'd either have to reposition the raft to a new location , or skip this meter and have a major gap in this particular core . "
He paused .
" I was so mad — we 'd worked on this location all day , and we were all tired — that I ripped my hat off and threw it to the deck of the raft , " he continued .
" Unfortunately , the chinstrap caught my glasses and whipped them into the lake .
I watched them sail away , making a soft ' plunk ' as they fell into the lake .
I did n't have a backup pair .
We moved the raft and got a different core .
And Jacquelyn drove us back to Madison . "
Researchers thousands of years from now , seeking insights into 21st Century humans and delving through that same lake sediment , might conclude upon finding Williams ' glasses that " people of our time must have been incredibly nearsighted , even blind , " Williams said .
The idea for the study arose after Williams wrote the following in a 2001 paper : " The end of the no-analogue plant associations 13,000 - 11,000 yr [ before the present ] coincides with the late - Pleistocene extinction of most large mammal species in North America … raising the possibility that one of these events , and not climate may have controlled the growth and eventual disappearance of the no-analogue plant associations . "
Williams has long believed that climate is the key factor behind plant species changes , and meant only to acknowledge that factors other than climate could be at work .
But it caught Gill 's attention , and she saw the potential for a great new study .
She realized that researchers could use the abundances of the dung fungus Sporormiella in lake sediments , in conjunction with fossil pollen grains from the same lake sediments , to link the extinctions to the vegetation changes , said Williams , " and off we went . "
Williams , 38 , grew up in San Francisco and majored in geology at Oberlin College , graduating in 1993 .
He earned his master 's degree and doctorate at Brown University , then conducted postdoctoral research at UC Santa Barbara 's national center for ecological analysis and synthesis from 1999 to 2003 , and the University of Minnesota 's limnological research center from 2003 to 2004 , before moving to Madison .
" My parents were all doctors and medical researchers , so I swore I 'd never be a doctor when I grew up , but I did become a scientist , " he said .
" I guess their conversations around the dinner table had a stronger influence on me than I realized . "
Editor 's Note :
This research was supported by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , the federal agency charged with funding basic research and education across all fields of science and engineering .
Any opinions , findings , and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation .
See the Behind the Scenes Archive .
The daughter of the president of the Church of Scientology in Australia has spoken out against the organisation , describing it as toxic and accusing the church of tearing some families apart .
In an exclusive interview on ABC 1's Lateline , Scarlett Hanna has detailed life growing up in the former Cadet Org : a group set up for the children of Scientology 's elite unit , the Sea Org .
" The best way I can describe it is cattle , " Ms Hanna said of their treatment .
We were property of the organisation . "
Ms Hanna is the only child of Vicki Dunstan , president of the Church of Scientology in Australia , and Mark Hanna , a former Asian / Pacific director of public affairs for the church .
She claims children of Sea Org members rarely had contact with their parents , lived in separate homes and were granted only 20 minutes each night with their parents .
" I can't describe it .
It was just an incredibly lonely childhood .
I had no - one to talk to or to look after to me , or to ask me how I was after school or any of those things that most of us take for granted , " Ms Hanna told ABC 1's Lateline .
Sarah McClintock , a current member of the Sea Org , grew up with Ms Hanna and rejects the allegations .
" What she is saying I did not experience .
I do n't know where she is coming from with such things .
It really does n't make any sense to me because I grew up with her .
I was there with her and I think people are giving her things to say , " she said .
Sheila Huber , a former Sea Org member , says she witnessed poor treatment of children at the Church of Scientology in Los Angeles .
Ms Huber , a former executive establishment officer for the organisation , cared for children in the Cadet Org when she was 16 years old .
' Terrified of sunlight '
She says she looked after around 30 infants all crammed into a one - bedroom apartment .
Ms Huber claims the children were only allowed outside once in eight months and they were terrified by the experience .
" They spent so much time in their cribs , day after day , night after night , that they would n't go in any space larger than the size of their cribs .
They were terrified .
They were terrified of the sunlight , " she said .
Ms Hanna says the Department of Community Services in New South Wales twice visited Cadet Org homes when she was a child .
" The furniture was dismantled by a division within the Sea Org that deals with labour and the kids were sent out for the day so it would appear they were living according to crowding laws , " she said .
Ms McClintock says she has no recollection of this occurring .
Ms Hanna says the worst part of her experience was the separation from her parents .
Her father Mark Hanna was sent to the Church of Scientology 's rehabilitation unit , the RPF , in the United States when she was a child .
" He was gone for several years probably two or three years , " Ms Hanna said .
" I lost my father .
I had no - one to talk to - it was very humiliating . "
Virginia Stewart from the Church of Scientology in Sydney denies the church routinely separates family members .
" I do n't actually agree it 's been routinely done and I think in that instance in that family you would have to speak to the father and the mother about why they lived like that , why they chose to take that action , " she said .
But Ms Huber , who spent a year separated from her five - year - old boy while in the RPF , says she had little choice .
" I got surrounded by eight grown men , grown Sea Org members , and in a circle around me , telling me I am now going to the RPF , " she said .
Ms Hanna says she decided to speak out following the screening of a Four Corners story on Scientology on ABC1 earlier this year .
" I just think the church needs to take some accountability for what it was involved in , maybe apologise to some of these people that have had such traumatising experiences , " she said .
The Cadet Org no longer exists in the Church of Scientology .
Ms Hanna 's parents declined to be interviewed by Lateline .
So Many Ways To Exceed 4 GHz
Editor 's note :
We 're partnering up with CyberPower to give away a PC valued at $ 1,499 based on Intel 's Core i7 - 875 K processor .
The contest details are on the last page of this review .
Make sure you enter to win !
Seven years ago , Intel was a rigid company .
It vehemently discouraged overclocking — after all , that was just another way for unscrupulous resellers to liquidate lower - end processors as higher - margin parts .
But then it let loose the Gallatin - based Pentium 4 Extreme Edition running at 3.4 GHz ( not a far cry from where the 3.33 GHz Core i7-980X Extreme Edition sits today , in fact ) .
Among the chip ’s differentiating features was a 2MB L3 cache that added a bit of performance .
Over time , Intel did more to set the $ 1,000 Extreme Editions apart from the rest of its desktop lineup .
Most notably , it granted the EEs unlocked clock multipliers , simplifying overclocking without officially sanctioning the practice .
The problem : only someone willing to drop a grand got access to that nifty little feature .
And really , how many of us have a spare thousand bucks lying around ?
Meanwhile , in an effort to excite enthusiasts ( despite an overall performance disadvantage ) , AMD has , over the years , launched a number of Black Edition processors also armed with unlocked clock multipliers .
Of course , the main difference between Intel 's and AMD 's efforts is that AMD ’s unlocked parts are significantly cheaper .
A Phenom II X2 550 Black Edition sells for less than $ 100 .
Even the company ’s flagship Phenom II X6 1090T Black Edition sells for $ 310 — less than a third of Intel ’s Extreme Edition parts .
Do n’t get it twisted , though .
AMD ’s offerings cost less because they are n’t as fast at their stock speeds .
You could even say that they ’re priced competitively .
It just so happens that overclockers do n't really care about stock , default , or vanilla ice cream , though .
They want to know what happens when you crank the dial , fire the afterburners , and add caramel sauce to the sundae that is a performance PC .
Intel Gets With The Program
Because it ’s seen as the company more sympathetic to the power user ’s quest for control over his machine , many enthusiasts buy AMD - based hardware on principle .
That 's not the way I shop , but I read enough of the comments section to know what some of our most vocal readers think .
Sure , Intel has loosened up over the years with high - end desktop SKUs , more flexible motherboards , and even the dual - socket Skulltrail platform .
But the fact that its flashiest fare is also prohibitively expensive almost feels like a slap in the face to the very tenets of overclocking : garnering maximum value by optimizing affordable hardware , Celeron 300A - style .
In an almost - unbelievable move , however , the company is giving enthusiasts something that AMD formerly had the monopoly on : reasonably - priced , unlocked parts that have the potential to overclock like hell .
Meet the Core i7 - 875 K and Core i5 - 655 K .
Aside from their K - designators and unlocked core / memory multipliers , both SKUs are exactly the same as processors already available today : Core i7 - 870 at 2.93 GHz and Core i5 - 650 at 3.2 GHz .
Of course , the Core i7 - 875 K centers on Intel ’s 45 nm Lynnfield design , offering four cores with Hyper - Threading enabled , Turbo Boost technology , and a shared 8 MB L3 cache .
The chip ’s dual - channel DDR3 memory controller is integrated onto the processor die , allowing it to move lots of data , quickly .
According to Intel , the Core i7 - 875 K employs the exact same silicon revision as previously - launched Lynnfield processors .
Processor Base Clock Speed Unlocked Ratios Turbo Frequency Cores / Threads L3 Cache Memory TDP Price Core i7-980X 3.33 GHz
Core , DDR3 , Power Up to 3.6 GHz 6/12 12 MB 3 x DDR3 -1066 130W $ 999 Core i7 - 875 K 2.93 GHz
Core , DDR3 , Power Up to 3.6 GHz 4/8 8 MB 2 x DDR3 -1333 95 W $ 342 Core i7 - 860 2.8 GHz DDR3 ( Up to 1,600 MT/s ) Up to 3.46 GHz 4/8 8 MB 2 x DDR3 -1333 95 W $ 284 Core i5 - 655 K 3.2 GHz Core , DDR3 , Power Up to 3.46 GHz 2/4 4 MB 2 x DDR3 -1333 73W $ 216 Core i5 - 650 3.2 GHz None Up to 3.46 GHz 2/4 4 MB 2 x DDR3 -1333 73W $ 176
The Core i5 - 655 K leverages the 32 nm Clarkdale configuration , equipped with two physical cores that use Hyper - Threading to address four threads simultaneously .
Turbo Boost is again made available , and the shared L3 cache drops to 4MB .
Clarkdale sees the integrated memory controller moved off - die and onto another piece of silicon on the same package , which also houses onboard graphics .
As expected , AES - NI acceleration makes a return here .
Because both processors center on Intel ’s LGA 1156 interface , you ’re still limited to 16 lanes of on - package PCI Express 2.0 connectivity , potentially limiting the multi-card flexibility of these processors in a gaming rig .
But we ’re going to be testing with a single Radeon HD 5970 today .
And for that dual - GPU board , 16 lanes is just the ticket …
By skepticlawyer
Well , if it is n’t an atheist bunfight , it ’s a libertarian bunfight .
Last week — in an excellent piece for Reason Magazine — David Boaz argued that libertarians ought to stop looking backwards for some ‘ golden age of lost liberty ’ , because no such age has ever existed .
More to the point , no such age ever will exist :
Has there ever been a golden age of liberty ?
No , and there never will be .
There will always be people who want to live their lives in peace , and there will always be people who want to exploit them or impose their own ideas on others .
If we look at the long term — from a past that includes despotism , feudalism , absolutism , fascism , and communism — we ’re clearly better off . [… ]
[ I ] n 1776 black Americans were held in chattel slavery , and married women had no legal existence except as agents of their husbands .
In 1910 and even 1950 , blacks still suffered under the legal bonds of Jim Crow — and we all faced confiscatory tax rates throughout the postwar period .
This rather obvious point set off a veritable orgy of argument , invective and soul searching among libertarians of all stripes .
Some of it was not pretty , for the simple reason that libertarians are socially progressive .
Boaz ’s point — that we do n’t emphasize our socially progressive credentials enough — still holds , however .
It especially holds when US libertarians engage in what some of my American friends describe as ‘ Founder Worship ’ .
This ‘ Founder Worship ’ reveals a tendency to wallow in what astronomer and libertarian David Brin calls the ‘ look back ’ view :
Was there a past golden age when humans knew more and lived more natural lives , from which we fell because of unwise choices ?
This is the Look - Back View .
Or is wisdom cumulative ?
The Look - Forward View holds that anything resembling a human utopia can only be achieved in the future , through incremental improvements in knowledge or merit .
As an example of classic Look - Back - ism , Boaz cited an essay by Jacob Hornberger , which ran as follows :
First of all , let ’s talk about the economic system that existed in the United States from the inception of the nation to the latter part of the 19th century .
The principles are simple to enumerate :
No income taxation ( except during the Civil War ) , Social Security , Medicare , Medicaid , welfare , economic regulations , licensure laws , drug laws , immigration controls , or coercive transfer programs , such as farm subsidies and education grants .
There was no federal department of labor , agriculture , commerce , education , energy , health and human services , or homeland security . [ … ]
Why did early Americans consider themselves free ?
The answer is rooted in the principles enunciated in the Declaration of Independence .
As Thomas Jefferson observed in that document , people have been endowed by their Creator with certain fundamental and inherent rights .
These include , but are certainly not limited to , the rights to life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness .
If there is such a thing as the definition of ‘ Founder Worship ’ , this is it .
As Boaz points out , ‘ too many of us who extol the Founders and deplore the growth of the American state forget that that state held millions of people in chains . ’
Will Wilkinson , like David Brin , is explicit about libertarian ideals as ‘ Look - Forward ’ ideals :
It ’s just plain wrongheaded to cast the libertarian project as the project of restoring lost liberties .
Most people never had the liberties backward - looking libertarians would like to restore .
I know the rhetoric of restoration can be very seductive , especially in a country unusually full ( for a wealthy liberal democracy ) of patriotic traditionalists .
But restoration is a conservative project and liberty is a fundamentally progressive cause .
As Lorenzo points out at his place , the Boaz piece generated a lot of remarkably grumpy comments in part because it forced libertarians to engage with progressives in ways that make people on both sides uncomfortable :
[ G]rumpy because people were obviously quite enamoured of positive views of American history , were tired of being beaten with the stick of slavery and very much of the view that liberty had been steadily declining .
There is something in this .
I am one of those people who happens to think it is not possible to apologise for wrongs and harms for which one is not responsible .
I also reject the concept of collective guilt or collective responsibility , for the simple reason that seeing people as appendages of their groups opens the door not just to treating them well ( as a group ) but also — more frequently , especially in the light of history — to treating them like shit , enslaving them , even killing them .
I have got into innumerable arguments over it , but I still maintain that notions of ‘ group rights ’ come from the same intellectual tradition that leads to ‘ group harms ’ .
And so I want no part of either notion .
What justified slavery and Jim Crow and the coverture laws that deprived married women of property rights is this tendency to treat people as an undifferentiated mass , as indicia only of their group , not as individuals .
Slowly , however — over time — those group disabilities and impositions were peeled away , and the basket of negative rights for which John Stuart Mill and Harriet Taylor argued in 1859 were finally extended to all , but — as Boaz points out — not without a terrific struggle :
For the past 70 years or so conservatives have opposed the demands for equal respect and equal rights by Jews , blacks , women , and gay people .
Libertarians have not opposed those appeals for freedom , but too often we ( or our forebears ) paid too little attention to them .
And one of the ways we do that is by saying “ Americans used to be free , but now we ’re not ” — which is a historical argument that does n’t ring true to an awful lot of Jewish , black , female , and gay Americans .
I should point out here that Boaz is n’t talking about positive liberty , the ‘ freedom to ’ that Isaiah Berlin suspected could manifest in deeply totalitarian ways .
He ’s talking about the removal of impediments , about the state getting the Hell out of the way of the individual .
Make no mistake : a law that tells a woman she is her husband ’s instrument is an impediment in a way that earning a low wage is not .
The existence of the first is fatal to a society ’s conception of itself as free , while denial of the second is only denial of a society ’s conception of itself as equal .
There is a difference .
However ( all that conceded )
Boaz is also aware of encroachments on our liberty : the ASBO , the Patriot Act , CCTV on every street corner , identity cards , regulations that throttle business , taxes that strangle enterprise .
These threats are real .
Their reality is why libertarians spend so much time talking about economics and war , which in some respects is a shame .
There really is a lot more to us .
That said , while ‘ liberty ’ has been extended to more of us , I ca n’t help thinking that the conception of liberty has become ‘ thinner ’ over time .
‘ Thinness ’ is a philosopher ’s term of art that suggests a concept is being stretched , like butter spread over a piece of dry bread .
If it is stretched too far , it is at risk of becoming meaningless .
The best analogy I can think of is the one I ’ve alluded to in this post ’s title : the liberty pool .
Imagine — if you will — that ‘ liberty ’ is a swimming pool on a hot summer ’s day .
In 1880 , it ’s a very deep swimming pool .
The white , heterosexual men who have use of it are soaking in liberty up to their necks .
No - one else is allowed use of the pool , however .
Jews , blacks , women and gays are all forced to stand around the edge and watch while a minority of the population gets to frolic in the cooling water .
Over time , more and more of the watchers are allowed to get into the pool .
First Jews , then black men , then white women , then black women , finally gays .
However , as they step into the water , something weird starts to happen .
Instead of accommodating the new arrivals , the liberty pool starts to get shallower .
By the time everyone is included , liberty barely comes up to the swimmers ’ waists .
Some of the shallowness is really nasty , too .
Lots of the black men , for example , are tossed out of the water and forced to return to the edge thanks to something called ‘ the War on Drugs ’ .
The result is that everyone has a bit of liberty , but that no - one can swim .
And on a hot day , that ’s pretty pissy .
Libertarians want the liberty pool to come back up to everyone ’s necks .
That is all .
Paris , France ( CNN ) --
Interpol has issued a global alert for a Picasso painting and four other works stolen from a Paris art museum -- a sign that authorities believe thieves may have taken the paintings outside the country .
" These extraordinary paintings by these great masters are so recognizable that they will be difficult to sell in any market , " Jean - Michel Louboutin , Interpol 's executive director of police services , said in a statement released by the agency Saturday .
Prosecutors estimate that the oil paintings nabbed in a heist at the Modern Art Museum in Paris early Thursday morning could be worth 500 million euros ( $ 617 million ) .
In addition to Picasso's cubist " Pigeon with Green Peas , " authorities said works by Henri Matisse , Georges Braque , Amedeo Modigliani and Fernand Leger were also stolen from the city - run museum .
Interpol said it had sent images of the paintings to police in 188 countries and also added them to the agency 's online database of stolen artwork .
Christopher Girard , an aide to the mayor of Paris who oversees cultural affairs , said whoever stole the paintings entered through a window and was able to thwart guards and video surveillance .
The heist showed signs of organized crime , he said .
" We are dealing with an extreme level of sophistication , " he said in a statement posted on the museum 's website .
Girard estimated the artwork was worth about 100 million euros ( $ 123.7 million ) .
Paris Mayor Bertrand Delanoe said in a statement that part of the museum 's security system -- the part that detects movement and body heat -- had been broken at least since March 30 .
The museum notified the service provider that day and asked for replacement equipment , but it still has not been provided , the mayor said .
Video surveillance of the museum was working normally , and three guards were on duty , he said .
Delanoe called for an administrative investigation in addition to the criminal one to determine if " technical or human failures helped make this security breach possible . "
The city completed a 15 million euro ( $ 18.7 million ) upgrade of the museum 's security system in 2006 , he said .
Interpol lists the five stolen paintings as Picasso's " Pigeon with Green Peas " ( 1911 ) , Matisse 's " Pastoral " ( 1906 ) , Braque 's " Olive Tree near l'Estaque " ( 1906 ) , Modigliani's " Woman with Fan " ( 1919 ) and Leger 's " Still LIfe with Candlestick " ( 1922 ) .
After the death of more than two dozen miners at Massey Energy ’s Upper Big Branch coal mine south of Charleston , West Virginia , mine safety is at the top of the national agenda .
The tragedy comes after too many years during which the Bush administration devoted itself to conspiring with companies to circumvent safety laws .
They did it to maximize production and they did it at the expense of the safety and the lives of miners .
The good news is that the Obama administration has been radically different in this regard .
With the appointment of mine safety expert Joe Main to head of the Mine Safety and Health Administration , for the first time in history , MSHA , a division of the Department of Labor , is headed by a union person .
The bad news is that eight years of ant - labor policies under Bush had consequences .
Incredible amounts of damage have to be undone .
Agencies such as the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission are still battered .
This agency , which reviews challenges by mining companies to assessments of safety violations and penalties , is overwhelmed with backlogs .
While the Obama administration has taken steps to add 26 judges to the panel of 10 , cooperation has not been forthcoming from Republicans .
The GOP ’s resistance to the president ’s National Labor Relations Board appointments were a blow to job safety not just in the mines , but in all of the dangerous industries across America .
It is the non-union mines that have proven most dangerous and it is the NLRB that is supposed to protect workers who want to form unions so they can have a safer workplace .
By crippling the NLRB the GOP was saying that none of that mattered .
The disaster in West Virginia is another one of many that have occurred at non-union mines .
If the men who dieds were union members they would have been able to refuse the unsafe work that led to their deaths , without fear that by speaking up they would lose their jobs and their livelihood .
Let those in the halls of Congress , the media and elsewhere who relish attacking unions , who subvert the right of workers to organize and specifically , who oppose the Employee Free Choice Act , understand that their attacks and their opposition exact a price .
That price was paid by more than two dozen workers in West Virginia this week .
It is too high a price .
Photo : In Whitesville , W.Va. , Libby Scott , left , and Reva Smith , a server at the City Diner , search for the correct station to watch a news conference about the mine explosion , April 7 .
Jon C. Hancock / AP
Magneto Cat
Magneto
Cat will open his own tuna , thank you very much .
Magneto
Cat will also ignore you until such time , as you acknowledge Magneto Cat as as your superior .
At which time , Magneto Cat will promptly ignore you again .
Visit the Online Journal 's Media & Marketing Edition at wsj.com / media for breaking news and features .
Sign up to receive a daily e-mail update .
Daniel Golden 's Pulitzer Prize - Winning Articles
April 5 , 2004 4:49 p.m .
Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Golden was awarded the 2004 Pulitzer Prize for beat reporting for a series of stories that exposed huge college admissions advantages enjoyed by some privileged white students and helped reshape the national debate on affirmative action .
Here are the articles that were submitted for the award :









' ) ; clickSet = 1 ; } //-->
Sponsored by
April 25 , 2003 Feb. 20 , 2003Jan. 15 , 2003 May 14 , 2003June 20 , 2003Dec. 29 , 2003July 24 , 2003 Dec. 30 , 2003Oct. 29 , 2003
A 40 - year - old audio recording of the moments just before Ohio National Guardsmen opened fire on antiwar protesters at
will finally be professionally analyzed to try to determine if -- as some claim -- an order to shoot is audible .
The recording was made on May 4 , 1970 , by Terry Strubbe , a KSU communications student who set the microphone of his reel - to - reel tape recorder on his dorm room windowsill , turned on the machine , and went outside to watch the unfolding protest .
The chilling 30 - minute tape is the only known audio that captured sounds before the shootings , the 13 - second fusillade and its chaotic aftermath .
Four students were killed and nine wounded in the incident , which spawned numerous inquiries and crystallized American sentiment about the unpopular Vietnam War .
The question of why 28 Guardsmen pivoted , raised their rifles , pistols and shotguns and fired 67 times at the students is the central mystery from that bloody Monday long ago .
Some of the soldiers , who had been pelted by rocks before the shooting , said students were advancing on them and they feared for their lives , although the presidential commission that investigated the event found that the leading edge of the crowd was at least 60 feet away .
A few students and Guardsmen claimed they heard something that sounded like an order to fire , but most of the men who acknowledged using their weapons later testified they acted spontaneously .
The presidential commission , while acknowledging that the facts were in " bitter dispute , " reported that " the weight of evidence " indicated no such firing command was given , either verbally or by gesture .
A Massachusetts acoustics firm scrutinized Strubbe 's tape in 1974 at the request of the Justice Department , which was prosecuting eight of the Ohio Guardsmen .
But the firm 's analysis was limited to the gunshots ; it did not address whether the tape contained an order to fire .
A federal judge dismissed the charges .
A subsequent civil lawsuit filed by the shooting victims and their families against the Guardsmen eventually was settled with no admission of guilt .
Acoustic technology has advanced considerably in the 36 years since the recording was previously examined .
During that time , Strubbe has kept the tape in a climate - controlled bank vault .
" He knew it was an historical document and was important , " said his friend Joe Bendo .
" He could have sold it .
He wanted to make sure it was used in a factual and appropriate way . "
Bendo , an Akron psychologist and sometime - TV commercial and music producer , is collaborating with Strubbe to have the tape analyzed .
They have commissioned a Los Angeles film archivist to convert its contents to a digital format , and to reduce background noise .
Acoustic forensics experts then will try to determine if a firing order is audible .
Bendo said he and Strubbe hope to produce a documentary later this year that will reveal the findings .
Alan Canfora , one of the nine KSU students wounded in the shootings , discovered a copy of the Strubbe tape several years ago while researching a book , and is convinced it contains a firing order .
Canfora , who runs the nonprofit Kent May 4
Center , located the cassette copy among materials that one of the lawyers in the shooting victims ' civil lawsuit donated to Yale University .
In 2007 Canfora played excerpts of the Yale recording at a news conference .
He said the command , " Right here , get set , point , fire ! " was audible just before the shooting began .
Some skeptics have said the phrase Canfora claims to hear is n't consistent with a military - style command .
The recording also has snatches of protest chants , a police announcement ordering students to leave the area " for your own safety , " the sounds of tear gas grenades being launched , the pealing of the KSU victory bell as the protest escalated and , after the gunfire , an ambulance siren 's wail .
On Friday , Canfora will hold another news conference to ask that state and federal officials reopen the Kent State investigation , based on the new evidence he says the tape contains .
Scott Wilson , a spokesman for the FBI 's Cleveland office , said , " Certainly if there are new findings or new information , we would review that . "
Canfora said he does n't want a punitive inquiry against the soldiers , but one that sets the historical record straight .
" Personally , I will strongly oppose any attempts to prosecute these people , " he said in an interview with The Plain Dealer this week .
" I no longer feel a sense of anger and rage toward the Guardsmen as I did when I was younger .
We do not seek retribution .
We only seek the truth . "
Sanford Rosen , one of the attorneys who represented Canfora and others in the civil lawsuits , said if the tape confirms a firing command was issued , it 's not clear what the legal implications would be .
" I would think the statutes of limitations pretty well would have run [ out ] in terms of legal claims that could be brought , " Rosen said .
" But who knows ?
Strange things do happen . "
The tape 's historical significance is greater than its legal ramifications , the attorney said .
" Although many events have overtaken the Kent State shootings , it still looms very large in the consciousness of the American people , " he said .
If a Guard commander gave an order to fire , " that makes a huge difference to how we as a society will look back on the events . "
Thanks !
About 2 days of work for this plush .
I did have to start over though , I used the slightly wrong colour the first time .
Soo , I was a little faster the second time .
Stewart Rhodes
Oath Keepers
May 17 , 2010
An Oath Keepers Exclusive
We know that wholesale gun confiscation happened during Hurricane Katrina .
We watched the Chief of Police of New Orleans declare on national television that “ no one [ no private citizen ] will be able to be armed , we ’re going to take all the weapons . ”
We watched an old lady being tackled in her own kitchen and disarmed .
In fact , that atrocious event was one of the reasons I started Oath Keepers .
But I also knew , from my service as an Army paratrooper , that there are men and women of courage , honor , and integrity in the military who would refuse to obey such orders .
My goal with Oath Keepers is simply to increase their numbers and harden their resolve .
But when it came to Katrina , we did not have concrete proof that some said no – until now .
A Stand - Up Example from Katrina Emerges
This past week , on Friday May 14 , 2010 , I had the pleasure of meeting and interviewing Staff Sergeant ( SSG ) Joshua L. May of the Utah National Guard who told me how he , along with the other men in his military intelligence unit , refused to participate in any gun confiscation while deployed to assist during Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
I finally discovered SSG May and his story only because after a speech I gave in Logan Utah on May 13 , 2010 , a local resident , Farley Anderson , walked up and told me about what SSG May had done .
Upon hearing of it , I knew I just had to talk to him , so I had Mr. Anderson track down SSG May ’s number and I called him at 11 pm and invited him to breakfast the next morning .
Until that night , SSG May had n’t even heard of Oath Keepers ( which is ironic since he is a shining example of an oath keeper ) .
We met for the first time that next morning , Friday , May 14 , 2010 .
During breakfast , SSG
May told me his story , and then I asked him if we could go outside and do a video interview in the restaurant parking lot .
He agreed that his story needed to be told and the below video is the result .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
This is the first of four parts to that interview we have now posted on YouTube .
This first ten minute segment contains SSG May ’s main statement of how , while deployed to assist during Hurricane Katrina , he , along with the majority of the men in his unit , informed their commander that they would not under any circumstances participate in gun confiscation .
But I urge you to watch the other three parts ( which will be uploaded later today ) which contain further details of SSG May ’s experience in New Orleans , how he and his unit interacted with armed citizens who were simply defending their property ( including a great story of his encounter with a former paratrooper bar owner who let it be known that NO ONE , not the President himself , was getting his guns ) , more details on how the chain of command reacted to the unit ’s refusal , what SSG May thinks of the use of active duty Army during Katrina , about his experiences in Iraq and how they reinforced his commitment to enforcing the Second Amendment , and what he thinks about his oath and the Constitution .
SSG
May is indeed a shining example of what it means to honor the oath , and it is important to know that he was not alone then , and is not alone today .
There are many , many other “ SSG May ’s ” out there .
The mission of Oath Keepers is simply to increase their numbers and improve their understanding of the Constitution .
Tipping the Scales on the Side of the Constitution and the Rights of the People
As I have said from the day I founded Oath Keepers , we know that some will “ just follow orders . ”
That is clear from the sad history of the human race , and that is also clear from our own history .
The internment of Japanese Americans during World War II shows that reality .
And in the modern context , the result of LCDR Guy Cunningham ’s 1994 Twentynine Palms Combat Arms Survey provided additional sobering evidence , since 26.2 % of the Marines polled answered either “ agree ” or “ strongly agree ” when asked in the infamous Question 46 if they would fire on American citizens who resisted attempts at gun confiscation .
And as already noted , what happened during Katrina shows that some will actually follow even such a clearly unlawful , unconstitutional order .
And that is why I started this organization – to do my utmost to keep it from happening again .
However , I also know beyond a doubt that there are men and women of honor , deep courage , and true devotion to the Constitution in service who would refuse to obey such orders .
I know this because I served with some of them .
The men I served with in the Airborne infantry would have been as willing to forfeit their lives or liberty by refusing such orders as they were willing to give their lives in combat .
And I know that there are still , to this day , many people of such honor , courage , and devotion in the military .
The number of Bronze and Silver stars , and even Congressional Medals of Honor , being awarded today are a testament to the fact that this nation still has many young lions ( and lionesses ) of great courage in service .
Army Spc. Monica Brown , Medic with 82nd Airborne .
Awarded Silver Star for courage under fire during ambush in Afghanistan .
She saved the lives of wounded soldiers by treating them while under enemy gunfire , by dragging them to safety under enemy fire , and by shielding them with her own body during a mortar attack .
They have the courage .
They just need the knowledge .
Enough of them have the courage to do what is right if they know what is right .
The only question I have is whether enough of them have the necessary knowledge of the Constitution and of their obligations under the oath to stop another Katrina or worse from happening .
Courage without knowledge is insufficient .
A brave man or woman without knowledge and understanding of the Constitution can be tricked into becoming a tool of oppression over fellow Americans .
Knowledge without courage and integrity is also insufficient ( which is why I do n’t waste my time with most lawyers and politicians – they have amply demonstrated their lack of either ) .
It takes both courage and knowledge .
When a person , such as SSG May , has both , watch out !
That one person can and will make a difference far beyond what the cynical conventional wisdom would have you believe is possible , just as SSG May did .
He proves the cynics , who contend that all in the military will always just follow orders , wrong .
I have long said that it is simply a reflection of human nature that in an average military unit , at any time in history , there will likely be some who will just follow orders ( sometimes with bloodthirsty gusto ) , and there will be some who will not follow unlawful orders under any circumstances ( provided they understand the orders are unlawful ) , and then there will be those in the middle who ’ll just go whichever way the wind blows .
Again , the results of LCDR Cunningham ’s survey reflect this .
26.2 % said they would fire on fellow Americans .
But 12.0 percent said they “ had no opinion ” about that question ( how could someone have no opinion about such a question ? ) .
The good news is that 42.3 percent answered that they “ strongly disagreed ” and 19.3 percent “ disagreed . ”
So , there was a strong split in opinions , with those disagreeing in the majority .
The whole point of Oath Keepers , its prime mission , is to increase the number of service members who are awake , knowledgeable about the Constitution , and committed to saying “ hell no ! ” and thus tip the scales on the side of those who have both the courage and knowledge to not go along .
Those who blow with the wind will then side with right , and any possible psychopaths and blind followers will be significantly outnumbered and will be suppressed .
And it bears repeating that a man in the ranks like SSG May , a man who has been awakened to the awesome responsibility of his oath and who has become a student of the Constitution , can tip the scales on the side of justice and the Constitution in ways that mere numbers can never quantify .
Such a man is a moral and morale force multiplier .
SSG
May ’s story bears this out .
He became a teacher and an inspiration to others , and he was the solid rock of resolve that they gathered round and drew strength from when taking their stand .
Yes , the majority were in agreement with him ( and I ’ll bet he certainly helped them see the light ) but I think it was his unshakable resolve that helped the others actually take a firm stand .
Perhaps if he had not been there , another would have sounded off loudly that the gun confiscation was flat wrong and that he would not do it .
Perhaps another would have stepped up to be the spokesman for the others to go tell the commander they would refuse if given that order .
But perhaps not .
Regardless , one man can make a difference and there can be no doubt that SSG May ’s presence helped tip the scales on the side of refusing to obey any orders to confiscate guns .
And he made it into a preemptive refusal .
He did not wait until the orders were actually given .
With him leading the way , the men made it clear in advance that they would not comply .
SSG May , way back in 2005 , was a stellar oath keeper long before Oath Keepers the organization even existed .
The oath – and the obligation that goes with it — is as old as the Constitution itself .
We here at Oath Keepers certainly did not invent it .
The Founders invented it .
And they put that requirement right in the Constitution , in Article VI .
We at Oath Keepers merely do our small part in honoring the oath by doing our best , to the utmost extent of our powers ( as the motto of my Airborne unit put it ) to make sure there are more SSG Mays out there .
Just as SSG May was awakened by another National Guardsman who made him realize he did not have a sufficient understanding of the Constitution to adequately keep his oath , we strive to wake up as many current serving as we can to the fundamental necessity of understanding and studying the Constitution if they are to keep their oath to defend it .
You ca n’t defend it if you do n’t know it .
I firmly believe that it is possible to reach , teach , and inspire enough of the current serving to provide a tipping point on the side of the Constitution and on the side of the rights of the people when future unconstitutional orders come down the chain of command .
We can do it .
And now we have SSG May ’s stellar real world example from Katrina itself to show the way for others .
In honor of SSG May ’s stand , I am nominating him for the Oath Keepers 2010 Current Serving Military of the Year award , and I am nominating his unit for a counterpart award for Unit of the Year for their stand during Katrina .
I ca n’t imagine a better example coming to light between now and our national Oath Keepers Conference in October , so I look forward to presenting both those awards .
We hear so much bad news nearly every day that it is wonderful to have such a great piece of good news .
So , take heart , and remember , with each and every current serving military , police , or emergency personnel you talk to , with each brochure , pocket Constitution , or copy of The 5000 Year Leap handed out , you never know what effect you have , like ripples in a pond going out from one cast pebble .
Your one act of outreach , teaching , or inspiration could reach far into the future to a crucial moment in history , into the hearts and minds of key men and women who may just be in place to take a pivotal and historic stand .
Now go out and make more SSG Mays !
For the Republic ,
Stewart Rhodes
Founder of Oath Keepers
PS - Seeing as how this story was unknown to the public and untold until I happened to meet SSG May , there well may be other individuals or units , either military or police , who likewise refused to take part in any gun confiscation during Katrina .
Please ask around through your contacts , and keep a sharp eye and ear out for any more such accounts .
And if you were there , and know of other examples , it is time to speak up and let it be known .
This article was posted : Monday , May 17 , 2010 at 10:28 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
John Huston had a Darwinian view of Hollywood .
" It 's the jungle and it harbours an industry that 's one of the biggest in the country , " he once said .
" A closed - in , frantically inbred , and frantically competitive jungle .
And the rulers of the jungle are predatory and fascinating and tough . "
Huston ( whose The African Queen is being screened in a restored version in Cannes ) was intrigued by the utter ruthlessness of the studio system : the fight for power , the way that executives crushed the careers of rivals and the deference that even the most powerful studio bosses had for " the very top rules of the jungle " , the money men pulling the purse - strings far away from Hollywood in New York .
Whatever his fascination with Hollywood , Huston could n't wait to get away .
It 's hard to think of any other American director of his stature who worked so infrequently in the studios and so often in far - flung locations .
The story of the making of The African Queen was outlandish , even by Huston standards .
The film has inspired articles , memoirs and even novels .
What went on behind the scenes was every bit as colourful as the ripping yarn with Katharine Hepburn and Humphrey Bogart up on the screen .
In early 1950 , Huston had embarked on what he was convinced would be his masterpiece , an adaptation of Stephen Crane 's American Civil War novel , The Red Badge of Courage .
The making of the film is chronicled in Lillian Ross 's 1952 book , Picture .
As Ross makes clear , the film did not turn out as Huston had hoped .
MGM boss Louis B Mayer had been sceptical about its commercial prospects from the outset .
Huston had hoped to shoot it in Tennessee , in the Deep South .
In the event , he had to shoot his Civil War epic in the San Fernando Valley , with MGM executives breathing down his neck .
It tanked .
Embarking on The African Queen , even before The Red Badge of Courage was complete , was Huston 's way of escape .
He chose locations as far away as he could from the Hollywood jungle ... deep in the Belgian Congo .
Instead of ruthless MGM executives , his antagonists now were crocodiles , ants , scorpions and black mambas .
Delays in production were caused by bouts of amoebic dysentery and malaria , not by the shortcomings of the costume department .
Huston took his guns in the hope he might be able to bag an elephant in breaks between shooting .
The Red Badge of Courage was a Hollywood studio movie .
The African Queen was financed in a different way .
Huston 's business partner Sam Spiegel ( with whom he had founded Horizon Pictures in 1947 and who was even more of a gambler than him ) had somehow talked a sound - equipment company into advancing him $ 50,000 to buy The African Queen rights from Warner Bros .
Spiegel could n't afford actually to make the film , which was in the end largely financed by London - based production outfit Romulus Films , run by John and James Woolf .
In today 's lingo , this was a UK - financed indie movie .
Top 10 greatest movies of all time Show all 9 1 /9 Top 10 greatest movies of all time Top 10 greatest movies of all time The Shawshank Redemption , 1994 Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman play two imprisoned men who form a deep bond PA Top 10 greatest movies of all time Pulp Fiction , 1994 John Travolta as Vincent Vega and Samuel L Jackson as Jules Winnfield in Quentin Tarantino ’s 1994 Palme d’Or winner Top 10 greatest movies of all time The Godfather , 1972 Marlon Brando as Don Vito Corleone in the triple Oscar - winning film EPA Top 10 greatest movies of all time The Dark Knight , 2008 Heath Ledger as the Joker , in what would be one of his last ever roles Top 10 greatest movies of all time Star Wars Episode IV : A New Hope , 1977 The original Star Wars trio of Harrison Ford , Carrie Fisher and Mark Hamill AP Top 10 greatest movies of all time The Lord of the Rings : The Fellowship of the Ring , 2001 The first installment in Peter Jackson 's trilogy , based on the novels by JRR Tolkein New Line Cinema/ AP
Top 10 greatest movies of all time Jaws , 1975 Steven Spielberg 's quintessential monster movie Rex Features Top 10 greatest movies of all time Raiders of the Lost Ark , 1981 Harrison Ford stars as the world ’s best known archaeologist , taking on Nazis , booby traps and ancient demons - and rescuing some distressed damsels along the way AP Top 10 greatest movies of all time Inception , 2010 The sci - fi thriller , starring Leonardo DiCaprio , sees thieves invading people 's dreams
Other British producers felt that the Woolfs were crazy to become involved with chancers like Spiegel and Huston .
As John Woolf later told historian Brian McFarlane , Alexander Korda warned him against a film " about two old people going up and down a river in Africa , with a director whose last film was a disaster . '
Nonetheless , Woolf had full confidence in Huston , if not altogether in Spiegel .
Huston was a paradox : a maverick perfectionist who was also reliable , pragmatic and quick .
The volatile American director held a special fascination for writers and journalists .
There was something about him that was so extreme and so contrary that they felt compelled to follow him .
One of the many mesmerised by Huston was journalist and poet James Agee , who wrote a lengthy profile of the film - maker for Life magazine in the autumn of 1950 .
This read more like a Jack London story than a conventional journalistic portrait .
Huston was " an awfully nice guy to get drunk with " , someone who had meandered into writing movie scripts only because he wanted to prove to a girl that he was " more than a likeable bum " .
As a kid , he had a mystery illness which kept him confined to a sanatorium .
While the doctors fussed over his health , he reacted by putting himself in jeopardy : going for reckless midnight swims down fast - flowing waterfalls .
( He got the same kicks from these jaunts as Hepburn 's missionary does from hurtling down white water rapids in The African Queen ) .
Huston was a horseman , a boxer , a gambler a former Mexican cavalry officer , an artist and an explorer .
" Incapable of yes - ing , apple - polishing or boot - licking , he instantly catches fire in resistance to authority , " Agee wrote of him .
Huston liked Agee 's profile and hired him to co-write the script of The African Queen .
This did n't prove beneficial for Agee 's health .
Huston played three sets of tennis with him every morning before breakfast .
Partly as a result of such strenuous exercise on the courts , Agee , a heavy drinker and smoker , suffered a heart attack that prevented him from travelling to Africa .
Huston took novelist Peter Viertel instead .
Viertel was later to write a novel , White Hunter , Black Heart ( 1953 ) , itself made into a movie by Clint Eastwood , inspired by the escapades in Africa .
The film - maker based on Huston was n't exactly sympathetic .
John Wilson , as he was called , is described as a " violent man ... a spoiler with a mania for destruction and disaster " .
He is portrayed as more interested in hunting than in preparing for his new film .
Seen today , The African Queen seems a very perverse endeavour .
It 's a lark – a comedic adventure yarn about white folk in Africa during the early days of the First World War .
A prim Methodist missionary ( Katharine Hepburn ) and a grizzled boat - captain ( Humphrey Bogart ) set off down - river together to take on the Germans .
The film may have been adapted from a CS Forester novel but it was shot in precisely the locations that Marlowe describes in Joseph Conrad 's Heart of Darkness , " where the merry dance of death goes on in a still and earthy atmosphere as of an overheated catacomb . "
Abetted by Jack Cardiff 's iridescent Technicolor cinematography , Huston turned the savage landscape of Conrad into the backcloth for an upbeat adventure .
You could imagine the same film made by Werner Herzog or Francis Ford Coppola as a story of a mad and desperate quest , perhaps with Klaus Kinski at his most demented as the ship captain .
Huston , though , keeps matters light and playful , even when the leeches are devouring Bogart or a German noose is about to be strung around his neck .
The absurdly far - fetched and upbeat ending , different from that in Forester 's novel , reinforces the sense that this is one long shaggy - dog story
The accounts that the actors and film - makers gave of their experiences in Africa make the production sound like a version of I'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here !
The only members of the crew who did n't come down with dysentery were Huston and Bogart , because they were drinking whisky rather than the water , which turned out to be the source of the infection .
The Daily Express journalist who went on location with the cast and crew relished describing the columns of soldier ants that climbed Hepburn 's legs and pestered Bogart and his wife , Lauren Bacall .
His second dispatch from the African front line had the headline " Hepburn goes down with the jungle jeebies " .
Huston relished the incongruity of Hepburn 's prim missionary in her frilly blouse ( " a crazy , psalm - singing , silly old maid " ) adrift in a world of humidity , disease and decay .
He told the actress to smile like Eleanor Roosevelt , a tip that helped the actress convey resilience , cheerfulness and a very comic hauteur .
" We all took John 's cue and realised that we had to work with the bugs and snakes and muck and bad weather , not around them all .
To have fought against all the elements would have been futile , " Hepburn later told A Scott Berg .
Much of the enduring pleasure of The African Queen lies in the way Hepburn and Bogart manage to retain their familiar poise and personae in spite of the extraordinary circumstances in which they find themselves .
Hepburn 's face may be drenched with sweat , we may know from subsequent accounts that she was vomiting into a bucket between shots , but she is still as haughty and strong - willed as she was in The Philadelphia Story .
Bogart ( who won an Oscar ) is n't so different from those tough , wisecracking figures he played in gangster movies .
Huston is n't much interested in Africa other than as an exotic location for a ripping yarn .
Questions about colonialism , race and national identity hardly enter into his mind .
He pays more attention to the crocodiles and hippos than he does to the local people .
The inner workings of the engine of the African Queen ( the boat that carries Hepburn and Bogart down river ) is more important to the plot than the plight of the villagers whose huts are burned by the Germans at the start of the movie .
Even so ,
The African Queen is still one of the most celebrated and best remembered films ever made in Africa , and the circumstances behind its production have long since passed into myth .
Though you probably would n't be able to power much with a bite - sized wind - turbine out the window of your city apartment , this one , at least , will make your sweaters for you .
This device makes no aspirations to convert wind to electrical current , harnessing the rotational energy to spin gears and knit tubes of infinite length .
It 's quite a smart way to think about all the ways we can harvest the potential around us .
especially if applied at the scale of a factory .
The machine was made by RCA grad Merel Karhof .
Thanks , Rebecca !
After three years , Amanda Pogany forgot about her stolen 1996 Honda Accord , assuming it was in car heaven .
But recently the cops found it at a Queens chop shop , traced it back to her and called up the Brooklyn teacher .
The Daily News reveals it was " returned to her drag - race ready , with a brand - new V - 8 engine , tinted windows , oversized tires with special hubcaps - and custom valve stem caps shaped like bullet casings . "
Pogany said , " When I first saw under the hood I thought it looked like , you know in the movie ' Grease ? '
Like the ' Grease Lightning ' car . "
Further , the car 's interim owner — apparently he bought from the thieves — also put " in a manual transmission and leather interior and [ hung ] a Dominican flag and a giant wooden cross from the rearview mirror . "
Pogany said , " I 'm Jewish .
and I do n't even know how to drive a stick shift ! "
Her friends are offering her stick shift lessons but the car is in her parents '
NJ driveway , where it's the belle of the block ( people have expressed interested in buying it ) .
In other news , the NYPD is reportedly trying to crack down on auto thefts — they are down 14 % over 2008 and 2009 but are up 27 % this year .
Michigan Legislator Proposes Law To License Journalists
Doug Mataconis · · 16 comments
A Michigan legislator has introduced a bill that would authorize the state to issue licenses to journalists :
Senator Bruce Patterson is introducing legislation that will regulate reporters much like the state does with hairdressers , auto mechanics and plumbers .
Patterson , who also practices constitutional law , says that the general public is being overwhelmed by an increasing number of media outlets–traditional , online and citizen generated–and an even greater amount misinformation .
“ Legitimate media sources are critically important to our government , ” he said .
He told FoxNews.com that some reporters covering state politics do n’t know what they ’re talking about and they ’re working for publications he ’s never heard of , so he wants to install a process that ’ll help him and the general public figure out which reporters to trust .
“ We have to be able to get good information , ” he said .
“ We have to be able to rely on the source and to understand the credentials of the source . ”
Is n’t that what the market is for ?
If a journalist proves himself to be unreliable , he ’s going to get called out on it at some point by his competitors , just ask Jayson Blair .
Patterson seems to believe , though , that the state must intervene to ensure journalistic “ reliability ” and trustworthiness because , as with so many other areas of life , the people cannot be trusted to make these decisions for themselves .
The bill provides :
According to the bill , reporters must provide the licensing board proof of : – “ Good moral character ” and demonstrate they have industry “ ethics standards acceptable to the board . ”
– Possession of a degree in journalism or other degree substantially equivalent .
– Not less than 3 years experience as a reporter or any other relevant background information .
– Awards or recognition related to being a reporter .
– Three or more writing samples .
Reporters will also have to pay an application and registration fee .
The bill does not prevent reporters who are not licensed by the state from covering Michigan politics , and registering with the state would be voluntary .
Voluntary for the moment , at least .
The intent of the bill seems clear , and if by some chance it ever did become law , it ’s not far - fetched to believe that at some point every journalist in the State of Michigan would be required to be licensed by the state .
Of course , it seems pretty clear that this would be a violation of the First Amendment , and probably constitutes one even as a voluntary scheme .
Patterson seems to acknowledge that fact , but says that he proposed the law to provoke a debate :
Patterson conceded that he did n’t actually think his bill would be enacted into law .
He says he ’s winding down his two decade political career and wants to provoke public discussion before he leaves office .
“ I would argue the first amendment feels otherwise , ” said MacLaren .
“ He ’s entitled to his thoughts .
The first amendment protects those as well . ”
“ What ’s the definition of a reporter ?
I have n’t been able to find out ?
What ’s a reporter ?
What ’s a journalist ? ” Patterson said .
“ I thought you had to have a degree in journalism but apparently not .
I could retire and be a journalist . ”
Patterson said he wants a central place where members of the public can go to find out about reporters ’ credentials , background and experience .
“ I ’m talking about a central depository for information so someone can go find all that out , ” Patterson said , comparing his idea to the vetting process for expert witnesses who testify in court .
Senator Patterson , that ’s what the marketplace of ideas is all about .
We do n’t need a “ central repository ” to tell us whose reliable and who is n’t .
That ’s something that even the average person can figure out quite readily for themselves .
Also , thanks to the Internet and the blogosphere , we have much more thorough fact - checking .
It ’s much harder for an unsupported allegation to go unchallenged in today ’s environment .
Rathergate is proof of that .
It ’s much more of a Wild West atmosphere than it was in the days of Edward R. Murrow , but I think it ’s clear that the plethora of sources , and fact - checkers , makes the information we do get far more reliable in the end .
I ’m quite willing to have the debate about what journalism really is in the modern world , Senator Patterson , but we have to start with the premise that the government does n’t get to decide what a journalist is .
H/T : Bruce McQuain
12 - year - old Henry Rowengartner , whose late father was a minor league baseball player , grew up dreaming of playing baseball , despite his physical shortcomings .
Although he 's close to his mother Mary , Henry hates Mary 's latest boyfriend , Jack Bradfield .
After Henry 's arm is broken while trying to catch a baseball at school , the tendon in that arm heals too tightly , allowing Henry to throw pitches that are as fast as 103 mph .
Henry is spotted at nearby Wrigley Field by Larry " Fish " Fisher , the general manager of the struggling Chicago Cubs , after Henry throws an opponent 's home - run ball all the way from the outfield bleachers back to the catcher , and it seems that Henry may be the pitcher that team owner Bob Carson has been praying for .
At first , Cubs manager Sal Martinella does n't like Henry being on the team , but despite the rawness of his talent , Henry revives everyone 's team spirit and reignites the enthusiasm of the fans .
While money hungry Jack pulls strings behind the scenes to ... Written by Todd Baldridge
Two months after Apple sued HTC for violating 20 patents , HTC 's hitting back , alleging that Apple 's violated 5 of HTC 's patents , asking the ITC to ban the import and sale of all iPhones , iPods and iPads in the US .
UPDATED .
Advertisement
So , the story , in a nutshell .
A couple months ago , Apple sued HTC over 20 patent violations in its smartphones — particularly its Android phones — basically as a way to swipe at Google .
Shortly afterward , HTC announced a patent licensing agreement with Microsoft for its Android phones .
( It 's paying Microsoft to license technology Microsoft has patents on ; which seems odd , given their tight relationship via Windows Phone . )
And there 's been not a word from Google on any of this .
Advertisement
Today , HTC is hitting Apple back over five patents , illustrated above .
Two are related to power management , two are over personalized phone dialers , and one 's over a telephone dialer with easy access memory — definitely a smaller range of stuff , compared to everything Apple is slamming HTC with .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
They 're asking the ITC to halt the import and sale of all iPhones , iPods and iPads , which is a pretty standard request with patent violation dealios .
( Do n't worry , you 'll still be able to buy your iPad .
If Apple somehow found itself at HTC 's mercy here , what 'd end up happening most likely is that Apple and HTC would announce joint licensing deals , drop their suits , and everybody goes home . )
Good times .
[ HTC via Fortune ]
Strikes in Greece Civil Servants Rebel Against Austerity Measures
Greece 's swollen bureaucracy is taking the hardest hits as the country struggles to fix its failing economy .
Civil servants are responding with massive strikes .
But critics say the country 's public sector is inefficient , expensive and hopelessly overstaffed .
Blog Protector
Blog Protector is a word - press plugin which can protect your valuable blog content from getting copied .
Many Bloggers simply copy - paste the content from your blog without giving credit to the original source .
This plugin basically disable the text selection & right click which will make the bloggers difficult to copy the content .
Features
Disable right click on your blog .
on your blog .
Disable selection of text on your blog .
You must enable the features from options page to protect your blog .
Thursday Knights is a live show on Twitch.tv of " Actual Play " Dungeons and Dragons .
We broadcast every Thursday at 7 pm Pacific .
We also publish an audio - only podcast of all of our episodes .
You can subscribe to the podcast , or browse individual episodes
Academic research on gender and negotiation suggests that part of the unexplained gap may be tied , at least in part , to the negotiating process itself .
It may be that some women have lower pay expectations .
Men , on the other hand , have been found to be more likely to negotiate higher starting salaries .
The work by Ms. Riley Bowles and her peers suggests that women in the work force can use specific advice .
Here are some of their suggestions :
BE PROACTIVE
If you believe you deserve a raise , do n’t sit around and wait for someone to notice .
“ A lot of women , and this is quite commonly found , think , ‘ As long as I work really , really hard , someone will notice and they will pay me more , ’ ” said Karen J. Pine , a psychology professor at the University of Hertfordshire in Britain and co-author of “ Sheconomics ” ( Headline Publishing Group , 2009 ) .
But “ people do n’t come and notice . ”
You also want to think about the best time to approach your boss .
It may make sense to approach him or her after an annual performance review , said Evelyn F. Murphy , president of the WAGE Project , a nonprofit organization , who runs negotiation seminars for women .
“ Or , if you just took on a major responsibility or won an award . ”
BE PREPARED
Doing your research pays , literally .
A study found that men and women who recently earned a master ’s degree in business negotiated similar salaries when they had clear information about how much to ask for .
But in industries where salary standards were ambiguous , women accepted pay that was 10 percent lower , on average , than men .
“ In our experiments , we found that with ambiguous information , women set less ambitious goals , ” said Ms. Riley Bowles , who ran the study .
“ They asked for less in a competitive negotiation and got less . ”
That theory also holds in other areas where there are n’t set expectations , like executive bonuses and stock options .
“ You get bigger gender gaps in those less standard forms of pay , ” she added .
That ’s why you need to be prepared .
Informational Web sites like Payscale.com and Salary.com can help uncover what people are being paid for a particular position in your geographic area .
And Glassdoor.com and Vault.com provide intelligence on pay inside a company — employees share their salaries online .
This is a guide on how to blog insightful .
Not insightfully .
Because insightful is n't a writing style , it 's a type of idea .
There are hundreds of guides to writing like a writer .
This is a guide to thinking like a writer .
I suspect that most of us view insightfulness as having this magical and unpredictable character .
This is not the case .
Insights are n't something you have , they 're something you create .
Let me explain .
When mathematicians are proving conjectures , they rely on a standard collection of tools and methods .
Like mathematicians , writers also have a standard bag of tricks to draw from .
What follows are a few tricks that writers use to create insight .
Specifically , this essay will explain both what makes something insightful , and also where insights come from .
I ’m writing not from the perspective of a great writer , but rather from the perspective of someone who knows what creates value for him as a reader .
The Oxford American Dictionary defines insight as “ the capacity to gain an accurate and deep intuitive understanding of a person or thing . ”
If we accept this definition , then insights seem to be tools of sorts .
Very special tools that help us make sense of the world by illuminating the patterns and relationships between things .
And as tools , insights have the same properties as a hammer or a hacksaw .
Let ’s brainstorm some ways of writing about tools that would create value for the reader :
We can give readers a new tool .
We can teach them how to use an existing tool more effectively .
We can teach them when and when not to use a tool .
We can replace an old tool with a better tool .
We can replace a complicated tool with a simpler tool that still does the same job .
And so on .
Each insight is like a new tool .
And just like a table saw , we must first make the reader aware of this tool , and then teach them how to use it , when to use it , why to use it , what to use it for , etc .
So how do we do this ?
Through the creation and contextualization of schemas .
Like insights , schemas are models for helping us comprehend phenomena .
However , not all writing that deals with schemas is insightful .
For example , when we see a pen we know that it is a tool for writing on paper .
We know this because we have a schema that connects pen with paper for the act of writing .
However , there is nothing insightful here because we are simply using an old schema .
Insightful writing is only that which creates value by offering new schemas or helping us better understand existing schemas .
The good news is that there are some common patterns in the ways that schemas are created and connected .
Define a phenomenon
A person defines a phenomenon by finding a pattern , describing it , and giving it a name .
This creates value by giving others the ability to collectively think about the phenomenon .
A good example of a recently defined phenomenon is Yak Shaving .
Yak Shaving is the technical term for when you find yourself at least eight levels deep in a stack of jobs .
For example :
I needed to file my taxes , but first I needed turn on my computer , but then I noticed the pillow on my chair was missing , so I had to find it , and when I found it I realized that the filling was coming out the sides , so I had to fly to Bolivia to shave a yak to stuff the pillow .
All this just so I could finish my taxes .
Describing this phenomenon and giving it a label allows others to think about it and discuss it .
We can recognize when we ’re engaging in the behavior .
We can ask questions .
For example , how much of our day do we spend yak shaving ?
Why ?
And is yak shaving a form of procrastination or a prerequisite to productivity ?
Giving this pattern a name allows societies to share common schemas — that is , mental models of the way the world works .
Naming the pattern makes it actionable at the level of society , accessible to teachers and policy makers and therapists and clergymen .
Once this pattern has been named we give others the ability to recognize it as a negative habit and take action accordingly .
By articulating something that many people thought previously but were unable to express we have created value .
In general , the more encompassing and more actionable the new model , the more value created .
In situations like this where we already intuitively accept the model before someone articulates it for us , the meme is prone to spreading quickly and becoming part of common parlance .
There are countless examples of people who have created value by finding and naming patterns , but here are a couple of my favorites :
Seth Godin on eBooks
AJAX : A New Approach to Web Applications
Create a Hypothesis
While naming something merely identifies and labels a pattern , a hypothesis attempts to explain causality .
Anyone who watches Fox News knows that trailer parks are frequently ravaged by tornadoes .
I have a friend who ’s convinced that trailer parks are actually responsible for creating them .
This is a perfect example of a scientific hypothesis .
It is eminently testable , because as soon as we observe a non trailer - park - generated tornadoes then we are able to falsify the hypothesis .
Compare this to a non-scientific hypothesis , such intelligent design .
While intelligent design could be proven true under the right circumstances , it can never be falsified .
Falsifiability is what separates a scientific hypothesis from hypotheses in general .
All hypotheses can be evaluated using tools from philosophy , but only scientific hypotheses can be evaluated using the methods particular to science .
Thus , while all types hypotheses are potentially useful , new scientific hypotheses tend to be more valuable since we have more tools we can apply to evaluate their truthfulness and create understanding .
Split One Schema into Two
Sometimes we find ourselves working with schemas that clearly have elements of truth , but that for some reason do n’t seem to hold up well empirically .
Often times this is because the schema we have in our heads is more broadly defined than the underlying phenomenon .
A good example of this is the phenomenon of prodigies .
We know there are some people in society who are exceptionally talented in certain areas , and we call these people prodigies .
We then have certain schemas that we apply to these prodigies in our quest for sensemaking .
But even though prodigies clearly exist , our schemas often seem to not hold up so well .
For example , studies have shown that child prodigies are often not significantly more successful than the rest of us when they grow up .
And similarly , many prodigious adults were completely unremarkable as children .
Why is this ?
How is it possible for such exceptional children not to make anything of themselves , and for such exceptional adults to have been completely average as children ?
Malcolm Gladwell observes that the reason for this is because when we describe child prodigies , we are describing people who are gifted at learning .
Whereas when we describe adult prodigies , we are actually describing people are gifted at doing .
Because we are applying one set of sensemaking tools to both groups , our schemas tend to not hold up so well even though they are based on an underlying truth .
The solution to this is to create one set of schemas for understanding and dealing with child prodigies , and another set of schemas for understanding and dealing with adult prodigies .
There are often areas where we engage in fuzzy thinking and apply one toolset to multiple distinct phenomena .
As writers we can create enormous value by identifying distinct phenomena , and giving suggestions for how to think about each one .
Examples :
The Myth of Prodigy and Why it Matters
How to Make Wealth
Combine Two Schemas into One
In the same way that the clarity of our thinking suffers when we treat two distinct phenomena as one , the opposite danger also exists .
That is , we can mistakenly hold two completely different sets of schemas about apparently distinct phenomena that are actually the same — the intellectual equivalent of a double standard .
For example , support for slavery was ubiquitous in the antebellum south with many reasoning that the practice was morally acceptable since blacks were not actually people .
The slave narratives of the mid-19th century changed this .
The authors created value by humanizing blacks , their memoirs personifying the emotions and indignities behind the statistics .
Even as late as 1861 , the year Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl was published , black women were not yet considered to be women .
Harriet Jacobs argued otherwise , persuading America that black women were just as capable as white women of possessing the feminine virtues – chastity , humility , loyalty , submissiveness , etc .
The insight that made the slave narratives so compelling was that blacks and whites both share the same basic set of characteristics that make us human — thoughts , feelings , hopes , dreams …
And so by extension blacks and whites should be treated as equals under the law .
This same false differentiation can also be found at the root of most economic bubbles .
Francis
Wheen , in his book Top 10 Modern Delusions , writes , “ Financial sophisticates in the 21st century smile at the madness of the South Sea Bubble or the absurdity of the Dutch tulip craze .
Yet only a few years ago they scrambled and jostled to buy shares in dotcom companies which had no earnings at all nor any prospect of ever turning a profit .
To justify this apparent insanity , they maintained that such a revolutionary business as the Internet required a new business model in which balance sheets were irrelevant .
In short , they thought they had repealed the laws of financial gravity - until they came crashing down to earth . ”
Writers can predictably create insight by showing that a phenomenon that appears to be qualitatively new , like dotcom economics , can actually be accounted for by existing models , albeit perhaps with a few twists .
Think On A Higher Order
One of the principle ways for a writer to create value is by making complex ideas easier to understand .
There are several techniques for doing this ; one of the most important , described here , is called black boxing .
Black boxing is the term we use to describe the process of encapsulating a low - level phenomenon and expressing it at a higher level to hide complexity .
For a good example of thinking on a higher order , think back to your introduction to statistics class from college .
Unless you were a math major , you probably did n’t learn the advanced calculus that underlies the common statistical tests .
This is fortunate , because the math needed to derive these models is very difficult .
But because your only goal in stats 101 is to learn how to use statistical models to make sense of data , the task is much easier .
In this example the underlying calculus has been black boxed , and so we have the luxury of thinking on a higher order .
Are there even more abstracted ways of looking at statistics ?
I would argue yes .
For example , what if you do n’t need to know how to do statistics ?
What if you just want to learn how to interpret them ?
Taking a full - year college course seems overkill .
Thus , we can create further value by producing a guide that only covers the higher - level skill of reading and interpreting statistics , not the lower - level skills associated with actually performing statistical tests .
We can see many examples of this in everyday life .
Of all the people you see driving cars today , how many do you think could design one ?
Just about none .
Why ?
Driving has been black boxed .
Similarly , you do n’t need to understand cell biology to care for a pet .
Nor do you need to understand chemistry to know about cell biology .
At least up until a certain point …
Think On A Lower Order
Just as we can create value as writers by cutting out what ’s not important and focusing on only the higher order details , we can also create value by looking at things on a lower order .
For example , ecologists can look at the environment from the perspective of a microbiologist .
Biologists can look at organisms from the perspective of a chemist .
Chemists can look at molecules from the perspective of a physicist .
And physicists can view the natural world from the perspective of a mathematician .
Why should we want to do this ?
One reason is the law of leaky abstractions .
To quote Joel Spolsky :
Abstractions fail .
Sometimes a little , sometimes a lot .
There 's leakage .
Things go wrong .
It happens all over the place when you have abstractions [… ] and the only way to deal with the leaks competently is to learn about how the abstractions work and what they are abstracting .
Going to driving school is a great way to learn how to operate a car , but that only works until the timing belt snaps or a spark plug goes bad .
When that happens , no matter how good of a driver you are you ca n’t get the car to work until you open the hood and fix the problem or take it to someone who can .
Thus , in the same way we can create value by black boxing a problem and teaching something on a higher order , we can also create value by teaching the underlying mechanics ( no pun intended ) .
If we can find no explanations for a phenomenon at one level of the stack , we can always look for meaning at a lower level .
For example , a psychiatrist finding no explanations for a given behavior at the level of conscious might try searching for an answer at the level of DNA .
Individuals frequently fall into the trap of looking for solutions to problems only at the level of the stack they feel most comfortable working with .
As writers we can create novel insights for our readers by learning to recognize when a problem can be more appropriately addressed by looking for answers on a higher or lower order of abstraction .
X is a subset of Y
Often there are times when we find ourselves working with a smaller model that is really part of a bigger model , even though this is n’t apparent at first .
When situations like these occur there is an opportunity to create insight .
For example , the concept of ‘ weight ’ is a subset of the concept of ‘ mass ’ .
That is , we can use weight to accurately compare how much matter two objects have as long as we ’re on earth .
But as soon as we ’re in space we need to use the concept of mass instead .
By explaining to students how weight is a very specific instance of mass that works to compare two objects as long as we ’re on earth we have created insight .
As another example , consider environmentalism .
The goal of an environmentalist is to figure out how to equitably divide finite natural resources among multiple stakeholders who want to use these resources for competing purposes .
For example , for any given national forest some might want to use the resource for renewable lumber , others might want to use it to open a ski mountain , and still others might want to use it to graze cattle .
The goal of an environmentalist is to ethically divide this resource among the competing stakeholders who all want the resource for their own usage .
By realizing that environmentalism ( unlike conservationism ) is really a subset of ethics , we can show that , among other things , environmental problems are best by using the toolsets that normative ethicists have developed over the millennia .
X and Y are both instances of Z
The reason insights are powerful is because they give readers new tools for creating ideas , tools that can later be used whenever the reader wants .
Insights are like trees laden with fruit .
Our job as writers is to build the reader a tree and teach them how to bang on it to knock some coconuts down whenever they ’re hungry .
In his essay Hackers and Painters , Paul Graham ’s central insight is that hacking and painting are similar because they are both acts of creating .
While you ’d have to ask him to be sure , I ’d suspect that once he figured this out the rest of the ideas just sort of fell into place .
That is , once we know that hacking falls into the same category as painting , it stands to reason that hacking and painting have many elements in common .
For example
The reputations of both have a large random component introduced by fashion .
In both hacking and painting , it ’s best to start by sketching .
Both software and paintings are intended for a human audience , so both hackers and painters must have empathy to do good work .
Once Graham sells us on the idea that both hacking and painting have commonalities as acts of making , we can draw upon the rich history of painting to gain a better understanding hacking .
When we ask ourselves questions such as what makes a good hacker , or how hackers create value , it then becomes logical to look to painting for possible analogs .
Simplify a more complicated model
Writers can create value by simplifying a more complicated model .
As explained in the introduction , a model is the set of relationships that explain any given system .
( And a schema is a model that is simple enough for us to reason with intuitively . )
However , the same system can often be explained through one or more alternative sets of relationships that are logically equivalent , but vary in their complexity .
For example , the Ptolemy ’s geocentric model of the solar system technically did work , but it was very complicated .
Simulating the solar system required a mechanical device with hundreds of widgets .
This gave Copernicus an opportunity to create enormous value by changing the point of reference from the earth to the sun .
The insight that the relationships between the heavenly bodies could be conveyed in a simpler way was the basis of the simplified heliocentric model , one of the most important advances in the history of astronomy .
How does one simplify a model ?
One way is by choosing better assumptions .
As I ’ve written previously ,
The problem with assumptions is that they 're usually correct .
For certain people , at a certain times , in certain places .
The danger is n't that you 'll sometimes be wrong .
The danger is that you 'll always be right .
That is , your assumptions about human nature will be true , but less useful than those of your competitors .
I ’d posit that most models have one or more core assumptions that the rest of the properties of the system are logically derived from .
Once one changes the core assumption , the properties of the entire system change .
And if the model becomes simpler as a result while maintaining its accuracy , it ’s safe to say that we ’ve created value .
X is not mutually exclusive with Y
Writers can always create value by correcting false schemas .
One cognitive mistake we see often is the belief that two things are mutually exclusive when in fact they are not .
Because false beliefs in this category are so common , writers can consistently write insightful articles along the lines of :
It is possible to support the troops but be against the war .
Corporations can be environmentally friendly and still make a profit .
Atheism is not mutually exclusive with morality
And so on .
It turns out that outside of mathematics two things are rarely ever mutually exclusive , at least when we ’re talking about abstract concepts .
Thus , when we hear people making statements that suggest otherwise this is a good area to look for opportunity to create insight .
===Conclusion===
Once you understand the formula above , it should become trivially easy to create an indefinite number of insights .
Especially if you 're using my KWL method for generating ideas , and thinking about those ideas hierarchically by using software like FreeMind .
What might be less obvious though is that this idea can make you a much better reader as well .
I 've always said that good writing changes the way you see something , and great writing changes the way you see everything .
Insightful writing is great writing , especially if those insights are counterintuitive .
( As a general rule of thumb , I figure if it 's intuitive I already understand it , so I only bother to seek out books and articles that are counterintuitive . )
If you keep this idea of insightfulness in mind when reading through the newspaper , you can skip over 98 % of the stories and still be automagically smarter than just about everyone else .
The studio that owns the James Bond series is being targeted by a series of rival firms following a bidding round , and needs an injection of $ 450 m within weeks
Struggling Hollywood studio MGM could be forced into bankruptcy after falling into crippling debt , according to the Hollywood Reporter .
The company , which owns rights to the James Bond series , as well as an interest in the forthcoming Lord of the Rings prequel , The Hobbit , is being targeted by a number of rival firms following a bidding round .
However , none has come close to offering the $ 2bn ( £ 1.3 bn ) which MGM 's more than 100 creditors are determined to secure if the company is to be sold .
Studio executives are still hoping to secure new funding to allow the company to continue to exist in its current form , but insolvency now looks the most likely outcome .
" MGM has received a number of bids as part of its ongoing process of exploring strategic alternatives , which include continuing to operate as a standalone entity and evaluating a potential sale of the company , " the studio said .
" The company will review the bids and related transaction terms over the next several weeks . "
MGM needs a cash injection as it must make an interest payment of more than $ 200 m by March 31 , as well as a further $ 250 m payment by April 8 , when its current credit facility with JPMorgan expires .
The company , famous for its roaring lion logo , was the dominant motion picture studio in Hollywood from the silent era until the end of the second world war .
With luminaries such as Greta Garbo , Joan Crawford , Jean Harlow and Clark Gable on its books , it was known by the informal motto : " More stars than there are in heaven . "
However , the studio struggled during the 1950s and 60s , and passed into the ownership of a variety of media companies .
It was confirmed yesterday that Lionsgate and Access Industries have made bids , along with a number of other unnamed entities .
Sony is being tipped as a likely buyer , as the Japanese firm already has a stake in MGM , and would most likely be keen to secure the future of the James Bond series , which it already has an interest in .
Another likely interested party is Time Warner , which already owns all MGM films made before 1986 .
Time Line and FAQ for the Human Terrain System and Responses by the Network of Concerned Anthropologists and the American Anthropological Association
Knee Jerks , and Just Plain Jerks
Recently on Savage Minds a number of uninformed assertions have been voiced by some commentators , to the effect that both the Network of Concerned Anthropologists ( NCA ) and the American Anthropological Association ( AAA ) instantaneously condemned the Human Terrain System ( HTS ) in the same month that it was publicly announced , allegedly ( and wrongly ) in October of 2007 .
This alleged “ fact ” has been dressed up by others , and unduly dignified , as an example of a rush to judgment , which is then posed as going against basic ethnographic principles and thus an indictment of the critics of HTS .
In relatively short order , those who would accommodate the militarization of anthropology–ever since Savage Minds spoke of “ Cultural Operations Research Human Terrain ” back in December of 2006 * –confuse various issues and make some very specious arguments that will now be countered point by point .
Particularly problematic are :
The blurring of the time line of events from the time HTS was first discussed in public , to when the first organized protest against HTS was mounted ;
The idea that the reaction , whether the time line supports it or not , was hasty , uninformed , a rush to judgment ;
The conflation of the NCA and the AAA , ironically by some of those calling for “ informed ” opinion ;
The idea that one cannot compare HTS to anything before it , even when its authors themselves explicitly make these comparisons and invite people to make historical associations between HTS and its precursors in the 1960s ;
The idea that ethical judgments are a matter of time ;
The inadequate and in many cases non-existent explanations or answers offered by HTS ; and , The NCA , and even the AAA , are like “ rogue ” elements , exceptions in the social sciences for complaining about the ethics of military appropriations of their disciplines .
I will argue that not only is it factually incorrect to assert that either or both the AAA and NCA responded and criticized HTS in the same month it was announced , as some have said , but that as far as “ knee jerk ” reactions go , if this one had been any slower it might have occasioned the onset of rigor mortis .
Analyzing events in the appropriate context , we might recall , for contrast , the unjustified rush into two unprovoked wars–against the Taliban in Afghanistan , and against Iraq , neither of which had ever attacked the U.S. –and the knee jerk cheering for war in American public opinion , as well as a wider knee jerk demand that academics do their patriotic duty and “ fight terror ” ( unlike journalists who , by law , are allowed to protect their credibility , integrity and independence ) .
Of course this assumes we have a common understanding of what “ knee jerk ” means .
How much time has to pass for a response not to be a knee jerk one ?
A day , a month , a century ?
One should also remember–and anthropologists in universities cannot be forgiven for “ forgetting ” this–ethics review committees judge whether a research project is in compliance with ethical guidelines before the research even starts .
This is the norm in universities , and the critics of HTS in question here are anthropologists in universities .
If such a committee were to question a researcher about something dubious in his or her proposal , one unacceptable answer would be : “ I do n’t know … let ’s say we just wait and see . ”
Yet this is precisely the answer given by HTS , which has never defended itself in front of an ethics review panel , nor is the nature of the program so complicated that it cannot be readily apprehended .
Indeed , it is extraordinarily simplistic , and that is a large part of its ethical problem .
Many thanks to Roberto J. González , Hugh Gusterson , and Greg Feldman for their replies to my questions , prompted by those of a colleague who has been unable to post in follow up comments on Savage Minds .
I also used my bibliography , and the site of the NCA .
1 . When was the Human Terrain System first launched ?
According to Kipp et. al : “ Most of the practical work to implement the concept under the title Human terrain System was done by Cpt Don Smith , U.S. Army reserve , of the Foreign Military Studies Office , between July 2005 and August 2006 ” ( see footnote 2 ) .
2 . When did critics of HTS first learn of the program ?
It would be justified to say that while HTS may have been formally organized by August of 2006 , that does not mean that the rest of us were aware of it at that moment .
So when , and how , did those who later formed the NCA , learn of HTS ?
Hugh Gusterson responded that “ the concept underlying HTS had been floating around for a while already : Anna Simons had given an NPR interview back in around 2006 where she talked about ‘ ethnographic intelligence , ’ for example . ”
Gusterson first refers to a NPR program that in fact dates back even earlier , to 2002 : one can access it here .
He suggests that he first heard about HTS proper through Roberto González ( below ) .
For Roberto González , George Packer of The New Yorker gets credit ( Knowing the enemy : Can social scientists redefine the “ war on terror ” ?
The New Yorker , Dec. 18 , 2006 ) .
As Roberto González explained : “ The George Packer ( December 2006 ) piece was the first news I had about the program , though he referred to it by a different name ( “ Cultural Operations Research Human Terrain ” ) .
I did some research and found that HTS was described in an October 2006 article from Military Review , which you will find here : http://fmso.leavenworth.army.mil/documents/human-terrain-system.pdf.”
That is the same Kipp et. al article cited above .
Therefore , some of those who would become critics of HTS , within anthropology , first learned about HTS as such in December of 2006 , and the first news of the program was published in the Military Review , and then in The New Yorker .
All of this happened in the fall of 2006 .
3 . When did the first criticisms of HTS begin to appear ?
Roberto González was the first anthropologist to publish in print anything about HTS .
He did so in an article published in The Chronicle of Higher Education on 02 February 2007 , titled : “ We Must Fight the Militarization of Anthropology ” ( doc , html ) .
In that article , González writes :
“ Last December [ 2006 ] even more news appeared regarding the use of social - science expertise by military and intelligence agencies when George Packer , a staff writer for The New Yorker , reported the emergence of anthropological counterinsurgency experts ….
Meanwhile at the Defense Department , a new office , the Cultural Operations Research Human Terrain , has been created to tap into social - science knowledge .
Its director , Steve Fondacaro , is recruiting social scientists to join five - person teams in Iraq and Afghanistan as cultural advisers ; pilot teams are scheduled to begin work in the spring .
Fondacaro has at least one anthropologist on his staff . ”
“ Even more news ” –HTS was not the first , and not the only example of militarization which anthropologists were criticizing .
It was merely the latest example .
Criticisms of HTS , by those who would later play a key role in forming the NCA , were not developed in isolation from the program and its proponents .
The first published exchanges between Roberto J. González , on one side , and David Kilcullen and Montgomery McFate , on the other , appeared in print in June of 2007 , nearly a year after HTS was launched , more than six months after it was first revealed in publications , and months before the formation of either the NCA or any direct criticism from the Executive Board of the AAA – in no case is there an instantaneous reaction and formal condemnation in the same month that HTS was launched , which some have incorrectly identified as October of 2007 .
For those early exhanges , see :
Roberto J. González ( 2007 ) .
“ Towards Mercenary Anthropology ?
US Counterinsurgency Field Manual 3 - 24 and the Military - Anthropology Complex . ” Anthropology Today vol. 23 , no .
3 .
David Kilcullen ( 2007 ) .
“ Ethics , Politics , and Non-State Warfare : A Response to González . ” Anthropology Today vol. 23 , no .
3 .
McFate , Montgomery ( 2007 ) .
“ Building Bridges or Burning Heretics . ” Anthropology Today vol. 23 , no .
3 .
Those exchanges continued throughout that year , with Hugh Gusterson debating David Kilcullen in the pages of Anthropology Today :
Gusterson , Hugh . ( 2007 ) .
Anthropologists and war : A Response to David Kilcullen .
Anthropology Today , 23 ( 4 ) : 23 .
4 . When was the NCA formed and when did it launch its pledge against anthropological support for counterinsurgency ?
As Roberto González explained to me , “ the process began in early August 2007 .
From then until mid-September , we engaged in an intense email exchange around the idea of drafting a pledge .
The ad hoc NCA was formed as the result of that process . ”
Hugh Gusterson offered a precise date for the formation of the NCA : 15 September 2007 .
Like González , Greg Feldman remembers the process involved in forming the NCA starting in August 2007 .
As for the pledge , González says , “ we began distributing the pledge to colleagues in mid-September 2007 . ”
His explanation is supported by the available facts : the electronic timestamp in the properties of their downloadable pledge indicates that the document was created on 16 September 2007 .
Also , an article published by David H. Price and Roberto González in CounterPunch , on 28 September 2007 , states : “ In response to these troubling developments , an ad hoc group of eleven scholars ( including the authors of this piece ) recently formed the Network of Concerned Anthropologists .
Together the group drafted a ‘ Pledge of Non-Participation in Counter - Insurgency ’ - a boycott of anthropological work in counter - insurgency and direct combat support operations . ”
This is separate from , and preceded the American Anthropological Association ’s Executive Board ’s statement condemning HTS .
5 . What about the AAA , when did it begin to review and then respond to the implementation of HTS ?
This is separate territory now , with a separate timeline , and a wider array of concerns and prior developments .
According to the American Anthropological Association , the “ Commission on the Engagement of Anthropology with the US Security and Intelligence Communities ” ( CEAUSSIC ) , which included military anthropologists , was created in mid-2006 , and not in response to HTS , which was later added to its concerns since it was directly relevant :
Convened in the summer of 2006 in response to member criticism [s ] of the publication of an ad for CIA employment on the official AAA job site , the purpose of the Commission is to advise the Executive Board and the Association by providing information and / or recommendations on the following : ( 1 ) The varied roles that practitioners and scholars of anthropology currently assume within intelligence and national security entities ( 2 ) The state of AAA ’s existing guidelines and guidance on the involvement of anthropologists in intelligence / national security - related activities ( 3 ) The key ethical , methodological , and practical / political challenges faced by the discipline and the AAA in its current and future engagement in intelligence / national security .
As Roberto González explained in his article above , October of 2005 was a critical month ( and that , if anything , precedes the launch of HTS ) :
“ In October 2005 , the anthropological association , the discipline ’s largest professional organization , posted a CIA job announcement in several of its journals .
The association accepted the advertisement without wide consultation of its members .
Many anthropologists were outraged .
( By this time , reports about the CIA ’s extraordinary rendition program and its secret prison network had appeared . )
The CIA ’s covert dealings with anthropology - association officials during the cold war had set an ominous precedent , as had the involvement of social scientists in the ill - fated Project Camelot , a 1960s counterinsurgency - research project planned by the Pentagon for use in Latin America .
The CIA ’s job announcement was eventually retracted , and the anthropology association assembled a special committee to examine the roles played by anthropologists in military and intelligence work . ”
Thus , October 2005 was when the AAA was directly faced with current efforts to enlist anthropologists in military and intelligence work .
Reactions were gradual ; then a committee was formed to look into these matters further .
No resolutions or statements were forthcoming until two years later .
The AAA ’s Executive Board , separate and apart from the NCA , issued its statement condemning HTS at the end of October of 2007 .
Two years later , the AAA ’s CEAUSSIC released its final report .
That is a little more than three years since news of HTS was first published .
Before any discussion of HTS , the AAA was already actively engaged in its annual conferences with resolutions condemning the Iraq war , the use of social scientists in torture , and the CIA ’s placement of ads in AAA journals .
On 01 September 2006 , we see discussion of the latter in “ If CIA Calls , Should Anthropology Answer ? ” published by Inside Higher Ed .
Therefore , a structure and momentum for discussion of anthropological support for military and intelligence programs was already underway , before HTS became an issue , and certainly not instantaneously and only in response to HTS .
More on this matter of precedent .
The AAA did not just wake up to anthropologists supporting military and intelligence programs some day in 2007 .
The debates began in the late 1960s , under a different generation of anthropologists ( Eric Wolf , Joseph Jorgensen , Marshall Sahlins , and many others ) , concerning Project Camelot , Civil Operations and Revolutionary Development Support ( CORDS ) , and the Phoenix Program .
Indeed , the AAA ’s first statements on ethical research date to 1967 , and particularly 1971 .
6 . Why does precedent matter ?
Now is now
Precedent matters because those who designed and implemented HTS themselves invited the historical comparisons , explicitly .
Jacob Kipp , Lester Grau , Karl Prinslow and Captain Don Smith titled their announcement of HTS as follows : “ The Human Terrain System : A CORDS for the 21st Century . ”
In that article , they not only go as “ far ” back as Vietnam , and rehabilitating CORDS itself , they go back even further , to the writings of David Galula ( concerning the war for Algerian independence ) , and even further back to British efforts against the Ottoman Empire , in the writings of T.E. Lawrence .
If this was meant to be a radical rupture with the past , it made an awful job of it .
As for Montgomery McFate , one of her lead articles , “ Anthropology and Counterinsurgency : The Strange Story of their Curious Relationship , ” propaganda for promoting HTS , is itself founded on a primarily historical argument , going back generations and to past wars in which anthropologists contributed .
Indeed , she reduces the last three decades to a momentary blip in what was otherwise a glorious imperialist history , what she calls a “ warfighting discipline . ”
Again , it is not a knee jerk reaction to criticize something on the basis of precedents , when one ’s target is a historical argument based on precedents , precedents with which we should all be very familiar by now .
7 . The NCA , even the AAA , are all alone in complaining about “ militarization ” and work for the intelligence community
This is not something that is only rarely heard .
In fact , on most blogs supportive of counterinsurgency and “ enhanced interrogation ” , anthropological critics are painted as loners .
One of the latest examples of one arguing that anthropologists are exceptions is Mark Stout : “ Judging by the lack of protests by political scientists , economists , geographers , psychologists , and others , they do n’t speak for all social scientists . ”
Stout is particularly peeved by anthropologists who protest on ethical grounds , addressing the involvement of all social scientists .
Of course , ethics review committees in universities do speak to all of the social sciences , and here in Canada , the humanities and natural sciences as well ( see Tri-Council Policy Statement : Integrity in Research and Scholarship ) .
Meanwhile , our own anthropology association , CASCA , has no ethics statement of its own .
The idea that ethics can only be discussed on a micro-particularist , discipline - by - discipline basis , is an exotic one , and one that is largely unjustifiable .
The AAA is by no means alone .
As I pointed out again recently , the American Medical Association , the American Psychiatric Association , and the American Psychological Association , have all condemned members ’ involvement in military and intelligence activities in the “ war on terror . ”
Nor is the NCA alone .
There are related academic organizations that have formed apart from professional associations , to pursue opposition to war and the use of social scientists to do harm .
One of these is Psychologists for Social Responsibility ( PsySR ) , by no measure a small group .
There is also Psychoanalysts for Peace and Justice , and countless campus - specific anti-war coalitions .
Also taking up the peace and social justice theme is the newly formed Anthropologists for Justice and Peace ( AJP ) , to which I belong .
Some of the more extremist and factually baseless commentary has been that the NCA is merely a “ vocal minority , ” or that only a “ vocal minority ” within the broader AAA is against HTS and other forms of support for war .
That line of argument first came from HTS directors themselves , primarily Montgomery McFate , and has subsequently been echoed by followers .
It is up to them to demonstrate what they assert to be a fact .
Let them organize Anthropologists for Injustice and War ; let them circulate petitions ; let them pass resolutions at the AAA .
Nobody is stopping them .
They have not ; instead , they retreat behind rhetoric used by Jerry Falwell in the 1980s , suggesting there is some “ silent , moral majority ” somewhere out there that really is all for their project .
In fact , when it comes to published research in anthropology on subjects of immediate relevance to war , counterinsurgency , and imperialism –the overwhelming majority of the work produced is not of a kind that would be inclined toward HTS .
Indeed , such work is virtually nonexistent .
For a great example , see this list of published texts and the Google book archive produced by AJP .
In a broader context , especially in Canada , groups such as AJP fit well within the majority of the public that is against the war in Afghanistan , and the extension of Canada ’s participation beyond 2011 ( see here and here for only the latest examples ) .
We are against war , and we are against anthropology being used as a tool for war , in a war that the majority of citizens have rejected .
So who are the loners ?
8 . Some advice on how to address critics and answer questions
Over a year ago , David H. Price published a list of 10 questions to HTS – they have gone unanswered .
Indeed , rather than answering the imagined , morally inferior “ vocal minority , ” what a HTS director like Montgomery McFate did was to launch on a political and personal public relations campaign .
So here is some advice on how not to recruit anthropologists .
As Margaret Mead would say : “ Really do try to pay attention . ”
First , do not advance a non sequitur in place of a logical argument when dealing with an educated audience .
To say , wrongly , that anthropologists are sheltered and sealed within an “ Ivory Tower , ” and to then add that the way for them to become relevant and get out of that tower is to join the army , is to offer one statement that does not follow from the other .
The first argument for supporting HTS and similar efforts , advanced by McFate , is an illogical argument ( look under “ Current State of the Discipline “ ) .
Second , if you want to recruit anthropologists , then it ’s probably not a good idea to begin by insulting them .
Making fun of their writing ( this is when HTS conveniently shuns post - modernism ) , and telling them to become again like colonial masters , is the kind of approach that reaped the rewards it has : none .
Third , after insulting anthropologists , and telling them what to do ( join your project under your command ) , at least have the sense not to flounce and parade around in the media as if you–nobody anyone heard about before 2005 – were suddenly anthropology ’s prima donna , the iconic celebrity figure , appropriately photographed by the media trying on different hats , drinking wine , and talking about your life history ( not to mention publishing a salacious blog ) .
We really do n’t care about your ex-boyfriends or the clothing you wore as a teen .
Fourth , when anthropologists massively avoid your program ( only six anthropology Ph.D ’s ever having joined HTS ) , do not take the line that anthropologists are worthless idiots … because these are the very people you first wanted in the program .
Fifth , when your program falls into shambles , and even your closest supporters drift away , do not blame anthropologists for your failure .
Do n’t say it was the organized opposition that led to almost no one joining HTS from anthropology .
Why ?
Because you already said we are a useless minority , and now suddenly you grant us great power over you .
Sixth , you probably should not be hiring the likes of Laurie Adler to do your public propaganda .
Seventh , and last for now , when your critics ask you questions , and ask for information ( because you said their responses were knee jerk ones , not based on any knowledge and understanding –in other words , we are back to being idiots again ) , do n’t suddenly go silent .
When some of the richest data has come from disillusioned insiders , sending emails to every member of the NCA , to me , and many more to John Stanton , do n’t gripe about it in a private military anthropology list .
That does not count as a response , let alone a factual refutation .
It seems , in the final analysis , that the complaint about “ knee jerk ” reactions comes , ironically , as itself a knee jerk reaction by conservatives , spoken over and over again like a broken record .
The first HTS debate opened up on Savage Minds in December of 2006 .
Here we are , nearly four years later , and what is still being said ?
“ Knee jerk reaction . ”
Notes :
* As far as I can tell , the very first HTS - related piece , written by an anthropologist , was Dustin Wax ’s commentary on an article by Montgomery McFate cited above , published on Savage Minds : Anthropologists and Counter - Insurgents , which dates to 19 May 2005 .
On the very same date , Lorenz Khazaleh at antropologi .info published a piece on the same article by McFate .
Talk about being on the ball .
Marcus du Sautoy , mathematician and successor to Richard Dawkins ' chair at Oxford , recently presented a neat little series on BBC4 about the story of mathematics .
Here 's what he had to say about the sex life of the Emperors of China .
Everything in the Emperor 's life was governed by the calendar , and he ran his affairs with mathematical precision .
The Emperor even got his mathematical advisers to come up with a system to help him sleep his way through the vast number of women he had in his harem .
Never ones to miss a trick , the mathematical advisers decided to base the harem on a mathematical idea called a geometric progression .
Maths has never had such a fun purpose .
The Emperor had his Empress , three senior consorts , nine wives , twenty - seven concubines , and eighty - one slaves , a total of 121 women , and he was expected to sleep with every one of them over a period of fifteen nights .
The mathematicians would soon have realised that this was a geometric progression - a sequence of numbers in which each succeeding element is a constant multiple greater than the previous one .
In the case of the harem , the constant multiple was 3 .
What was the rota thought up by the imperial mathematicians ?
Well , on the first night , the Emperor would bonk his Empress .
On the second night , he would service the three senior consorts .
Night 3 would find him with his nine wives .
Nights 4 - 6 would find him wading through an assortment of his 27 concubines , nine on each night .
And finally , nine nights were reserved for his eighty - one slaves , nine each night in rotation .
The object was to procure the best possible imperial succession .
The rota ensured that the Emperor slept with the ladies of the highest ranks closest to the full moon , when their yin - or female essence - was strongest , and matched his yang .
Fun , eh ?
As du Sautoy quips :
li xiaofang , “ blood - weeping accusations ” ( 2 )
Jiang Chun
Geng ’s poisoned right leg , with its suppurating wounds , hangs limply over the gray wooden bench in the medical clinic here in Dachen , a village in China ’s province of Zhejiang .
Twice the size of his left leg , the limb is too tender to touch during my visit .
Instead , Dr. Zhu Jian
Jun gently dabs the putrid wounds with an alcohol - drenched swab .
Jiang ’s heavily lined face tightens as Zhu wraps the fiery stump with a white bandage and unhooks an intravenous antibiotic drip .
Another treatment is over .
Jiang , a 70 - year - old farmer , ca n’t remember a time when flesh - eating ulcers did n’t cover his legs .
“ They never go away , ” he tells me .
“ They just get drier .
Sometimes they hurt less . ”
He does n’t know for sure how he got them , but his father told him that the wounds first appeared in July 1942 , soon after the Japanese army passed through his village .
His entire family developed the festering sores .
His mother and younger brother died in unbearable pain a decade later as the untreated , mysterious infection crept up their legs .
Jiang is one of 15 elderly Chinese men and women whom Zhu is treating in his simple village clinic for what locals label “ rotten leg disease . ”
A definitive diagnosis is no longer possible so many decades after the initial exposure and secondary infections .
But Chinese , American , and other Western physicians who have examined the survivors , documented their histories , and photographed their wounds claim that they are victims of the most gruesome biological warfare attacks in modern history .
These attacks , orchestrated by Japan ’s infamous Unit 731 between 1932 and 1945 , are the only documented mass use of germ weapons in modern times .
Scholars say that we will never know exactly how many were killed .
Sheldon H. Harris , the late American historian , estimated in a pioneering work that between 10,000 and 12,000 Chinese prisoners perished in the bloodcurdling experiments that Unit 731 performed in Japanese - occupied Manchuria .
Another 300,000 to 500,000 civilians died , he wrote , as a result of Japan ’s massive germ assaults on more than 70 Chinese cities and towns .
China itself has disclosed no official tally .
In fact , for many years , Japan ’s use of biological weapons in China was largely forgotten .
Only recently has a resurgent China begun to remind Japan — and the world — of the atrocities .
In America , the historical amnesia has a Cold War source , argues Jeanne Guillemin , a political analyst at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
After World War II ended , the United States and the Soviet Union sought information about Japanese germ experimentation for their own covert bioweapons efforts .
In 1947 , American officials secretly agreed to grant immunity from war - crimes prosecution to the head of Japan ’s program , Major General Shiro Ishii , and to 18 other biowarfare scientists in exchange for intelligence .
As Harris recounted , Japanese pathologists gave U.S. officials some 8,000 slides of human tissues and blood samples taken from autopsied victims , as well as knowledge about the warheads and bombs that Japan had designed to spread its killer germs .
While several American military historians and scientists have downplayed the value of the Japanese data , a U.S. military document unearthed by Guillemin called the information “ of the highest intelligence value , ” though before it underwent full analysis .
The Japanese program had to remain secret , another military document concluded ( in diplomatic understatement ) , “ to protect the interests of the United States and to guard against embarrassment . ”
Only after America and the Soviet Union ( the Soviets only putatively ) ended their offensive germ - weapons programs in the late 1960s and signed a treaty banning pathogens as offensive weapons in 1972 did significant amounts of evidence about the arrangement become public .
A second foreign - policy consideration also helps explain America ’s deal and ensuing silence , Guillemin points out .
American officials believed that prosecuting Japanese scientists for war crimes that the widely revered emperor himself might have authorized would jeopardize Washington ’s effort to rebuild Japan as a stable democracy , “ crucial to offsetting the Soviet presence in Asia and the rise of Communist China , ” she writes .
Indeed , General Douglas MacArthur personally intervened to protect Japanese scientists who had worked on the program from prosecution .
Though President Clinton ordered U.S. government agencies in 2000 to make more than 100,000 pages of official documents on the program available to scholars , key questions remain — for instance , which American official authorized the arrangement with the Japanese biowarriors .
The answers are unlikely to be found in Japan , whose own archives on the initiative remain largely closed to public scrutiny .
As for China itself , historically it has vacillated between stoking anti-Japanese nationalism and trying to dampen it , depending on its political needs .
For instance , China once estimated that 10 million of its citizens died during Japan ’s traumatizing occupation of eastern China and Manchuria — the “ Anti-Japanese War of 1931 Through 1945 , ” as China calls it .
Then , after the Tiananmen Square crisis , China raised the estimate to 35 million , seeking to divert attention from domestic discontent .
But it ’s surely the case , observes Susan L. Shirk , a former State Department official and the author of China , Fragile Superpower , that almost every Chinese family suffered under the onslaught .
Only now that China has emerged as Asia ’s leading power has it begun to highlight Japan ’s biological crimes against it .
The focal point of this effort is the Unit 731 Museum , just south of the city of Harbin in Manchuria .
Built on the ruins of a cluster of ten villages known as Ping Fan , the museum occupies what was once the headquarters of Japan ’s germ empire .
Constructed by Chinese slave laborers in 1936 , Unit 731 , whose Orwellian cover name was the “ Epidemic Prevention and Water Supply Unit , ” was a vast laboratory complex of 3.7 square miles with more than 70 buildings — laboratories , officers ’ housing , a Buddhist temple , an airfield and railway station , three crematoria to dispose of experimentation victims , a prison , a power plant , and even a brothel to service the 3,000 Japanese scientists and guards who lived and worked there during its peak .
Behind the complex ’s high , heavily guarded walls , Major General Ishii ’s scientists experimented on Chinese , Americans , Koreans , Mongolians , Russians , and others with some of the world ’s deadliest germs .
The museum ’s main exhibition hall , located in Unit 731 ’s administration building , describes Ishii ’s program and takes visitors through the procedures that his medical team followed in processing doomed inmates .
Maruta , or “ logs , ” as the Japanese scientists dubbed their victims , would be registered , given numbers , and later dragged from their cells through underground tunnels into the testing labs at the compound ’s center .
Here , Sheldon Harris reported , they would have to eat food laced with one of 31 germs — anthrax - filled chocolate , plague - treated cookies , typhus - infected beer — or be injected directly with deadly pathogens to determine the minimal dose required to sicken or kill them .
The “ logs ” usually lasted only a few weeks .
Some were “ sacrificed ” after unit officials deemed them no longer fit for scientific study .
Only a few survived for as long as six months , Unit 731 documents show .
Room Six of the museum contains a display of the high - and low - altitude bombs that the Japanese developed to disseminate their lethal cargo .
One bomb included a porcelain cylinder to prevent germs from destruction on impact .
Another was called “ Mother and Daughters ” — the Mother part of the weapon coming with a radio device that would detonate a cluster of germ - loaded Daughter bombs .
That weapon proved too expensive for mass production , Harris observed .
But other types of anthrax - , plague - , and bacteria - filled bombs were tested on hundreds of prisoners , who were tied to stakes in the ground and died in agony .
Room Nine displays fragmentary evidence of Japan ’s “ fascistic guilt which cannot be denied , ” as the museum puts it : a wooden saw for dismembering human remains and racks for hanging entrails fresh from autopsies , some performed while the victims remained alive to ensure that death did n’t alter the disease ’s impact on the organ or bones under study .
I recalled interviewing an elderly Japanese soldier several years earlier who told me that he had performed vivisections , without anesthetic , on naked prisoners .
Describing in almost a whisper his revulsion the first time he picked up his scalpel when ordered to do so , he said that he eventually grew accustomed to the “ procedure . ”
But his anguish suggested otherwise .
The museum ’s holdings are necessarily limited .
When the Japanese had to flee Ping Fan in 1945 , they attempted to destroy all traces of their crimes against humanity — as the Nuremberg tribunal called similar experiments performed by Nazi doctors in Europe — by killing the last 400 prisoners , setting infected animals free , and blowing up the complex .
Dr. Jin Cheng Ming , the museum ’s director , is cautious about death - toll estimates .
The museum has been able to identify only 277 of the thousands of prisoners who came here , he said , mostly from the records kept by the Japanese transportation units that delivered them .
But his estimates , which draw on provincial records and archives , are comparable with Harris’s .
In his Chinese - language book on the program , published in 2008 , Jin concluded that so much of the widely dispersed program was secret that the death toll might remain uncertain even if Japan cooperated .
“ Maybe the Japanese know exact numbers , ” he says .
“ Or maybe your government does , since Japan shared so many records with you . ”
In 2006 , he adds , the U.S. gave China access to about 2,000 more pages of declassified records , but most were from late in the program .
He and his staff have made 17 trips to Japan to collect oral evidence from former members of Unit 731 .
“ It ’s hard because Japan is not sympathetic , ” he says .
But part of the museum ’s mission is to videotape such testimonies for its collection , which now features over 200 hours of them .
After opening in 1985 with a one - room exhibit and a staff of three , the museum languished for years .
Few foreigners or even Chinese came here .
Today , though , it bustles with activity and is undergoing a vast expansion .
Thirty - one sites are being excavated or renovated in and around the museum , which received more than 6 million visitors last year , about half of them Chinese schoolchildren .
The Chinese government has tripled the museum ’s budget , and its staff has grown to 40 .
The feverish activity is part of Jin ’s campaign to have the United Nations Educational , Scientific , and Cultural Organization designate his museum a cultural - heritage monument — joining another infamous death complex , Poland ’s Auschwitz .
UNESCO sent a team to the museum late last summer to examine the site , and Jin is optimistic that the organization will eventually add his museum to its list .
“ While we still have many questions , we have so much more evidence than we had before , ” he tells me .
“ People must know and face their history .
And the Japanese government should be responsible for its actions . ”
As horrifying as the experiments performed at Unit 731 ’s headquarters were , they pale beside the horrors that Japan inflicted on the Chinese population at large .
As we travel by bullet train from Shanghai deep into the province of Zhejiang , activist Wang Xuan tells me that the worst attacks occurred between 1940 and 1943 , when the Japanese military struck dozens of Chinese cities and towns with pathogens that triggered recurring plague epidemics and killed hundreds of thousands .
The methods were brutal .
Army trucks dumped gallons of deadly germs alongside roads and railway lines linking Chinese towns so that infections would spread from town to town ; planes dropped porcelain bombs containing infected fleas on dozens of villages , causing devastating outbreaks of bubonic plague .
The Japanese laced more than 1,000 wells in the area of Harbin with typhoid bacilli .
They also inserted typhus into bottles of lemonade that children loved to drink in the summer , Harris reported .
In Nanking , they distributed anthrax - filled chocolate and cake to hungry children .
The Japanese discovered that packing fountain pens and walking sticks with deadly germs was a particularly effective way of secretly disseminating them .
In 1940 , Major General Ishii sent a train carrying 70 kilograms of typhus bacterium , 50 kilograms of cholera germs , and 5 kilograms of plague - infected fleas to the city of Hangzhou , a holiday resort favored by Shanghai ’s wealthy .
From there , the germs were dumped into ponds and reservoirs and spread by aerial spraying , contaminating all life in fields of wheat and millet during the harvest .
As our train pulls into the station , Wang Xuan tells me that near here , over the small town of Quzhou , a Japanese plane dropped plague - infected fleas in October 1940 .
The first victims died a few days later .
By 1948 , more than 5,000 people had perished .
Prior to that outbreak , no case of plague had ever been reported in the town , says Dr. Qiu Ming Xuan , former chief of the Quzhou Center for Disease Control .
That fact proved important in 1997 , Wang explains , when she helped organize a lawsuit against Japan for spreading bubonic plague and other fatal diseases across China .
Still , the town ’s plague - free earlier history — as well as oral histories from elderly residents of Chongshan , a town near Quzhou , and epidemiological data from local and provincial files — might not have been sufficient to persuade the court to side with the Chinese plaintiffs , since biological samples from the 1940 attack were no longer available .
But Chongshan ’s survivors submitted to the court an original document : the working diary of a senior Japanese military officer , then stationed in Nanjing , responsible for contacts between his forces and Unit 731 .
The diary mentioned a plague attack on Quzhou on October 4 , 1940 — a date that coincided perfectly with the plague ’s spread from Quzhou to Chongshan .
In 2002 , the Japanese court finally ruled that Japan had indeed used biological weapons against China — the first such official acknowledgment .
But the court also ruled that the Chinese were not entitled to compensation under international law .
Nor did Tokyo itself acknowledge having used germ weapons during the war or apologize to the Chinese victims .
Since then , a succession of Japanese governments has remained silent about the crimes .
Sufferers from “ rotten leg disease ” have no comparable diary entry or official Japanese source that could prove to a court that their suffering was related to Japan ’s germ - weapons attacks .
Indeed , even some Japanese researchers sympathetic to China challenge the claim that Japan ’s biowarfare caused the disease .
Keiichi Tsuneishi , a distinguished Japanese historian who helped uncover Japan ’s atrocities in China , says that a bacterium native to the region could have been responsible , and he estimates that pathogens killed no more than 1,000 Chinese in the province of Zhejiang .
Wang Xuan responds that Tsuneishi is neither a biologist nor a physician and that he has never visited the affected regions .
Refusing to yield to such challengers , she recruited four university students last summer to interview “ rotten leg ” survivors of the 1942 outbreak and to locate more victims .
According to both Qiu and the students , in the villages surrounding the small city of Jinhua in central Zhejiang , 5 percent of the residents born before 1942 described having developed raw , festering wounds on their legs similar to those of the patients I saw .
In Blood - Weeping Accusations , a book in Chinese and English published by the Chinese Communist Party in 2005 , some Chinese researchers conclude that anthrax caused the wounds .
But at least two American physicians — Martin Furmanski , a pathologist and physician who wrote an essay in the book , and Michael Franzblau , a retired professor of dermatology at the University of California — believe that the culprit is Burkholderia mallei , or glanders .
A horrendous skin disease that usually strikes horses , donkeys , and mules , glanders in humans is “ exquisitely painful , ” Furmanski says .
Left untreated , it causes deep wounds that will not heal unless treated with antibiotics .
“ Pustules come up from below , point , break , and ooze a pussy fluid , ” Furmanski explains .
“ Untreated , they can stay for months or even years .
Only rarely do they heal .
And when they occasionally do , you get a terrible scar . ”
Cutaneous anthrax , by contrast , starts as a lesion on the skin that blackens and swells .
“ You look like the Michelin man , ” he says — but when it heals , it does n’t leave a scar .
Furmanski became convinced that glanders , not anthrax , was the cause of “ rotten leg disease ” after he and Franzblau toured Quzhou with Wang Xuan in 2002 .
While taking a sample from a wound 60 years after the initial exposure probably would not reveal the identity of the original infectious agent , it might shed light on the nature of the infection or how best to treat it , he notes .
But Furmanski says that he did n’t try to culture a sample and take it back to America because he had n’t requested China ’s permission .
Moreover , the shipment of glanders is restricted in America , given its potential use as a biological weapon , he adds .
Indeed , glanders remains a research subject at the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute for Infectious Diseases , the military ’s premier biodefense lab , at Fort Detrick , Maryland .
“ Legally , I could n’t bring it back into the United States , ” Furmanski says .
Working closely with Wang , Franzblau has tried for years to introduce a resolution at World Medical Association meetings calling upon doctors to ask Japan to “ officially repudiate Unit 731 ” and to explain “ why physicians employed in Unit 731 have never been prosecuted for murder and crimes against humanity . ”
Each year , his resolution has gone nowhere .
“ There has never even been a debate , ” he complains .
The Japanese Medical Association has also remained silent , perhaps because one former president of the JMA was a Unit 731 staff member , as were former officials in many prestigious Japanese organizations .
Wang has raised tens of thousands of dollars to provide survivors the medical care they so desperately need .
The Chinese government has done little to care for them , she says .
Nor has any money come from Japanese organizations or individuals , unsurprisingly .
And she has another fear : “ I am worried that when these people die , the memory of what Japan did in China will die with them . ”
According to Jan van Aken , a German writer , activist , and now Bundestag member who accompanied Wang on a tour of the region in 2006 , “ almost the entire microbiology elite of wartime Japan may have been involved in one way or the other in the heinous crimes of Unit 731 . ”
In postwar Germany , by contrast , doctors who participated in similar experiments were exposed and convicted of crimes against humanity .
“ The time has come for Japan to appoint an independent , international commission , to investigate and publicly document , without restraints , the involvement of former members of their profession , ” says van Aken .
“ This was the most intensive use of biological weapons in modern history .
Yet Japan remains silent .
And so do most of us . ”
Posted on by storagedepotuk
The Floppy Disk Controller ( FDC ) is a device that controls internal 3.5/5.25 inch floppy disk drive devices on desktop x86 systems .
There are a range of chips that have been produced for this function which include : 8272A , 82078 , 82077SL & 82077AA .
Each ribbon cable for floppy drives can hold up 2 drives .
One floppy controller chip can control 2 floppy cables , for a total of 4 drives .
It is theoretically possible for a system to have more than one controller chip , but you will not find any existing systems with more than one .
If a system were to have more than one floppy controller , the second controller would be found at a base IO port address of 0x370 .
The floppy controller is programmed through 9 registers , which can be accessed through IO ports 0x3F0 through 0x3F7 ( excluding 0x3F6 ) .
As usual on the PC architecture , some of those IO ports access different controller registers depending on whether you read from or write to them .
Use standard “ outb ” and “ inb ” commands to access the registers .
All commands , parameter information , result codes , and disk data transfers go through the FIFO port .
MSR contains the “ busy ” bit flags that must be checked before reading / writing each byte through the FIFO .
DOR controls the floppy drive motors , floppy drive “ selection ” , and resets .
The FDC has three I /O ports .
These are :
Data port
Main status register ( MSR )
Control port
The first two reside inside the FDC IC while the Control port is in the external hardware .
For more details , please visit : http://www.storagedepot.co.uk/
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Computer Products , Uncategorized | Tagged : digital signage , floppy disk drive , hard drive case , NAS Drives , nas hard drive Qnap NAS Drives , nas storage drives , Network Attached Storage , Qnap is a NAS drive , Qnap NAS Drives for home user , Qnap NAS Drives for SOHO / SME , Qnap TS - 219P Qnap TS - 219 , Qnap TS - 459 Pro , TS - 459 Pro , USB floppy drive |
A woman has been charged over alleged sex attacks and robberies involving elderly men .
NSW Police said they arrested a 42 - year - old woman in Orange in the state 's central west yesterday after incidents involving two men in March .
She was taken to Orange police station and charged with aggravated robbery over the first incident on March 18 , and aggravated break and enter over the second on March 24 .
On March 18 , a 71 - year - old man got off a bus at Strathfield in Sydney 's inner west and was followed by the woman , who allegedly indecently assaulted him before stealing his wallet .
A few days later , on March 24 , the woman allegedly broke into a home on Franklin Road , Orange , and indecently assaulted the 89 - year - old male resident .
She was refused bail to appear at Orange Local Court this morning .
AAP
Frequently Asked Questions
What 's the origin of Towel Day ?
Douglas Adams , best known as the author of the Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy , died of a heart attack at age 49 on 11 May 2001 .
He was cremated in Santa Barbara ( USA ) and his ashes are buried in London ( UK ) , where a Service of Celebration was held .
His fans wanted to organize some kind of wake in his honor .
After its initial success it became an annual event .
Extract from the proposal posted in the " Binary Freedom " forum by D Clyde Williamson , on Monday May 14 , 2001 06:00 am PDT : Douglas Adams will be missed by his fans worldwide .
So that all his fans everywhere can pay tribute to this genius , I propose that two weeks after his passing ( May 25 , 2001 ) be marked as " Towel Day " .
All Douglas Adams fans are encouraged to carry a towel with them for the day .
Make sure that the towel is conspicous - use it as a talking point to encourage those who have never read the Hitchhiker 's Guide to go pick up a copy .
Wrap it around your head , use it as a weapon , soak it in nutrients - whatever you want !
Back to top
Because some time was needed to get the word out , Towel Day was organized two weeks after Douglas Adams ' untimely death , on 25 May 2001 .
Many other dates had been proposed .
For those with an exceptionally long attention span : the 42nd day of the year ( " Happy Adams Day " ) , 42 days after his death ( " Second Day of Remembering " ) , the 11th of March ( his birthday , around which from 2003 on a yearly " Douglas Adams Memorial Lecture " is held ) , the last Friday of every May , the Friday before the 42nd week - end day of the year ( occasionally falls on 25 May , as it did the year he died ) , etc .
Of all proposed dates , the 25th of May turned out to be the one that gained a significant following .
And over time it has acquired a certain status as a geek holiday .
In 2001 Towel Day started to be celebrated .
But in 2006 that day also became Geek Pride Day , because Star Wars was released on 25 May ( 1977 ) .
And in 2008 , following Terry Pratchett 's diagnosis of Alzheimer 's disease , Match It For Pratchett called on fans to wear lilacs on 25 May ( the anniversary of the Glorious Revolution of the Twenty - Fifth of May , from Pratchett 's Discworld books ) .
As the universe that Douglas Adams created was full of absurdity and randomness , it may be a fitting choice after all .
And if you need an additional reason : if you add the hexadecimal numbers 25 and 5 , and convert the result to decimal , you get 42 !
Back to top
Why a towel ?
From the Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy : A towel , it says , is about the most massively useful thing an interstellar hitchhiker can have .
Partly it has great practical value -- you can wrap it around you for warmth as you bound across the cold moons of Jaglan Beta ; you can lie on it on the brilliant marble sanded beaches of Santraginus V , inhaling the heady sea vapours ; you can sleep under it beneath the stars which shine so redly on the desert world of Kakrafoon ; use it to sail a mini raft down the slow heavy river Moth ; wet it for use in hand - tohand - combat ; wrap it round your head to ward off noxious fumes or to avoid the gaze of the Ravenous Bugblatter Beast of Traal ( a mindboggingly stupid animal , it assumes that if you can't see it , it ca n't see you -- daft as a bush , but very ravenous ) ; you can wave your towel in emergencies as a distress signal , and of course dry yourself off with it if it still seems to be clean enough .
More importantly , a towel has immense psychological value .
For some reason , if a strag ( strag : non-hitchhiker ) discovers that a hitchhiker has his towel with him , he will automatically assume that he is also in possession of a toothbrush , face flannel , soap , tin of biscuits , flask , compass , map , ball of string , gnat spray , wet weather gear , space suit etc. , etc .
Furthermore , the strag will then happily lend the hitchhiker any of these or a dozen other items that the hitchhiker might accidentally have " lost " .
What the strag will think is that any man who can hitch the length and breadth of the galaxy , rough it , slum it , struggle against terrible odds , win through , and still knows where his towel is is clearly a man to be reckoned with .
Hence a phrase which has passed into hitch hiking slang , as in " Hey , you sass that hoopy Ford Prefect ?
There 's a frood who really knows where his towel is . "
( Sass : know , be aware of , meet , have sex with ; hoopy : really together guy ; frood : really amazingly together guy . )
Douglas explains the origin of the idea :
Back to top
What kind of towel should I carry ?
Any towel will do .
And one is enough , though some fanatics may try to carry 42 towels .
Back to top
So this is the nth edition of Towel Day ?
2011 is the year of the 10th anniversary of Douglas Adams ' death , but of the ... 11th Towel Day !
The confusion arises from the fact that the first Towel Day occured shortly after Douglas ' death , long before the year of its first anniversary .
Maybe this can help :
2001 - Towel Day # 1 ( year Douglas died )
2002 - Towel Day # 2 ( Douglas 1 year dead )
2003 - Towel Day # 3 ( Douglas 2 year dead )
2004 - Towel Day # 4 ( Douglas 3 year dead )
2005 - Towel Day # 5 ( Douglas 4 year dead )
2006 - Towel Day # 6 ( Douglas 5 year dead )
2007 - Towel Day # 7 ( Douglas 6 year dead )
2008 - Towel Day # 8 ( Douglas 7 year dead )
2009 - Towel Day # 9 ( Douglas 8 year dead )
2010 - Towel Day # 10 ( Douglas 9 year dead )
2011 - Towel Day # 11 ( Douglas 10 year dead )
2012 - Towel Day # 12 ( Douglas 11 year dead )
2013 - Towel Day # 13 ( Douglas 12 year dead )
Etc .
Back to top
What are your best tips for event organizers ?
( succesful organizers , we welcome your suggestions ! )
The worst thing that can happen is that nobody shows up at your event .
To avoid this :
1 ) Start planning very early
2 ) Start advertising very early : create a Facebook event or web page and share it .
Invite people who may be interested .
Maybe contact organisations whose members may be interested .
SEND AN E-MAIL TO info at towelday dot org and include the URL of your Facebook event or web page in your message .
The second worst thing that can happen is that people show up but are just standing around awkwardly .
If you have great entertainers in your group , this probably wo n't happen .
What probably helps is to tell people in advance about an activity that is planned .
For example : at noon , a toast to Douglas Adams will be made .
Or , at 2 pm the movie will be screened .
Etc .
If your event is outdoors , provide information on where people will meet if the weather is bad .
( some people went home because they saw nobody and did n't know the others had fled to a bar nearby )
Back to top
Where can I find a recipe for the Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster ?
Douglas Adams once said in an interview that there are a number of environmental and weapons treaties , as well as laws of physics , which prevent the Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster from being mixed on Earth .
But if you want to try anyway , here are some recipes ( try at your own risk )
Disclaimer :
The above link is provided for educational purposes only .
Towelday.org is NOT responsible for anything unpleasant that might happen if you try to make Pan Galactic Gargle Blasters .
And it does not encourage such irresponsible behaviour .
Ask your doctor or pharmacist .
In case of eye contact , keep out of remaining eye .
Not recommended for children under twelve years of age .
Keep away from open flame or spark .
Void where prohibited .
Use only as directed .
Parental discretion advised .
No warranty expressed or implied .
Do not drink before or while operating a vehicle or heavy equipment .
May be too intense for most life forms .
For recreational use only .
Do not disturb .
All models over 18 years of age .
If swallowed , do not induce vomiting .
As seen on TV .
Back to top
Can I send towelday.org my pictures ?
We 'll link to pictures of an event if you send us the URL where they can be found !
Please do n't send the pics themselves .
We do n't host pics and recommend to upload them on Flickr and tag them with " towelday " , for maximum exposure .
You can also post pictures on the Facebook page http://facebook.com/towelday/ for all the world to see .
Back to top
Is there a charity I can donate to in memory of Douglas Adams ?
Some people have contacted us for suggestions about charities they could donate to in memory of Douglas Adams .
We suggest two charities that Douglas Adams actively supported :
And here 's a chance to help charity ... for free :
The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy Foundation has been created in memory of Douglas Adams , to promote literacy and communication skills .
They do not at this time accept donations , but YOU CAN help them by recommending small literacy or communication skills charities or organisations that they could support .
Their e-mail address is info at hitchhikerfoundation dot org dot uk
Back to top
Towel Day was a blast !
But what am I to do the rest of the year ?
If you 're a hardcore hitchhiker , you may need something stronger than Towel Day .
And yes , there is such a thing .
Listen carefully , we will say this only once .
What you are looking for is called ZZ9 Plural Z Alpha , the Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy Appreciation Society .
Beware , these folks are really weird .
But then again , so are you .
Please tell me the exciting story of the Towel Day site !
We get this question all the time !
Really ! ( not )
On 14 May 2001 Clyde D Williamson wrote a post proposing to celebrate " Towel Day " on 25 May 2001 .
Two days later his friend Chris Campbell registered towelday.org and .com , and created a website .
People all over the world celebrated Towel Day and sent them pictures of themselves with their towels .
Due to its success , Towel Day became an annual celebration , but the creators ended up moving on to other projects .
In February 2004 , Tobbe " Kojv " Landin relaunched the site on his own server at towelday.kojv.net !
He kept the tradition alive and ran a rather successful online forum .
But in late 2008 he unexpectedly died at the age of 30 and his site disappeared .
One year before Kojv 's untimely death , fans had bought back the original towelday.org domain from a domain squatter .
They started out with a webpage with some minimal info , linking to Kojv 's forum .
After his death the site was expanded to be once again the home of Towel Day .
Back to top
I 've spotted a typo
Please tell us !
Also , do n't hesitate to go full Grammar Nazi on us .
We try to avoid errors , but we 're not native English speakers .
We always appreciate a little friendly proofreading .
Back to top
Send e-mail to : info at towelday dot org
We welcome feedback , but apologize for being unable to reply to all messages individually .
Back to top
We 've always advocated cross- platform development -- in fact , last year , we wrote a post explaining why you should support Mac OS X and Linux .
When organizing the Humble Indie Bundle , we decided to put our money where our mouth is and only select games that support all three major desktop platforms : Mac , Windows , and Linux .
At the moment , we have about 53,500 donations -- far more than we expected !
But where did they come from ?
Our breakdown for number of donations per platform is : 65 % Windows , 21 % Mac , and 14 % Linux .
However , when we look at the amount donated per platform , we see something different .
Our breakdown for total donation size per platform is 52 % Windows , 25 % Mac , and 23 % Linux .
Here are these results in pie chart form :
This could only be explained if Mac and Linux users are making much higher contributions than Windows users .
So far , the average Mac user is donating 40 % more , and the average Linux user is donating 100 % more !
Here is a bar graph showing the different average donation amounts :
If you 'd like to see real - time updates to the average donation per platform , I 've modified the stats section of the bundle page .
Click here to check it out .
These averages have stayed rock solid for the last three days , but now that they are visible on the site , it will be interesting to see if they change !
João Ferreira Dias , Ọmọpẹ Ìwìntósìn Adétòkunbò ( nome yorùbá em referência à tradição religiosa que professa ) .
Escrever constituiu sempre a expressão mais sincera da sua essência e a poesia foi a primeira forma que abraçou , tendo publicado uma série de poemas na revista da escola onde fez toda a sua formação escolar , o Externato Marista de Lisboa .
Licenciou - se em Comunicação Social e Cultural ( vertente Cultural ) pela Universidade Católica Portuguesa , em 2006 , e em 2008 concluiu com distinção o Curso de Especialização em Inserção Internacional e Política Externa do Brasil , na Universidade Técnica de Lisboa .
Neste momento encontra-se a terminar o mestrado em História e Cultura das Religiões na Faculdade de Letras da Universidade de Lisboa , onde ingressou em 2009 .
Durante o seu estágio curricular no Museu Municipal de Benavente organizou o « I Ciclo de Atividades Afro- Brasileirando » , numa parceira entre o Museu , a Associação Portuguesa de Cultura Afro-Brasileira ( de que foi co-fundador ) e a Embaixada do Brasil em Lisboa , em Fevereiro de 2007 .
Foi orador no « X Congresso Luso - Afro- Brasileiro de Ciências Sociais » na Universidade do Minho em 2009 , sobre as religiões afro- brasileiras em Portugal e no « Encontros e Diálogos » na Universidade Lusófona do Porto , sobre a Religião Yorùbá e o Candomblé , em Fevereiro de 2011 .
A escrita compulsiva introduziu -o ao fenómeno dos blogues , onde habita desde 2005 , em diferenciados projetos , entre eles as publicações eletrónicas « Vox Blogs Magazine » , « Sem Correntes » e « Ìgbà Ábídí » .
Publicou no seu blogue mais popular , « Kontrastes » , uma série de e-entrevistas chamadas " Conversas de Café " , ao longo de um ano .
Tem publicado alguns artigos particularmente em torno das temáticas da lusofonia e das tradições afro-descendentes .
Apesar da educação formal em instituições católicas , João Ferreira Dias , professa a fé neo-tradicional Yorùbá , sob a designação de Candomblé , de matriz Kétu .
Pertence à tradição da Casa Branca do Engenho Velho , o mais tradicional templo do Candomblé no Ocidente , ocupando os postos de Ògán ti Ilù , Elémòsò e Ògòtún no Ilé Àse Ìyá Odò , templo de Portugal .
É co-fundador e Àlagbà ( Vice - Presidente ) da Comunidade Portuguesa do Candomblé Yorùbá , pessoa coletiva religiosa e sede do Poder Religioso Yorùbá e do Candomblé em Portugal , desde Janeiro de 2010 .
Obras publicadas / a publicar :
Candomblé em Português , História , Organização , Teologia , O Essencial para a compreensão da crença afro- brasileira , em português de Portugal
, 2011 .
A federal judge on Monday threw out a lawsuit by four Orange County medical marijuana users who contended citywide bans on pot dispensaries in Lake Forest and Costa Mesa violated the Americans with Disabilities Act .
U.S. District Judge Andrew Guilford rejected the argument that laws prohibiting pot dispensaries in the two cities conflicted with the disabilities act or with the plaintiffs ’ access to public services .
Guilford initially sided with the cities last month , citing federal law that prohibits the sale of marijuana , but then later agreed to listen to arguments made by the patients , Marla James , Wayne Washington , James Armantrout and Charles Daniel DeJong .
The plaintiffs , each of them Orange County residents , argued that they use marijuana to treat various medical ailments .
SANTA ROSA , Calif . ( AP ) — Nikki and Kevin Conant returned to their home in Northern California wine country Wednesday to find only the charred remains of their home and burned pieces of the wine barrels they used to repurpose into custom - made art and furniture .
“ It was like a part of me is gone , burned up in the fire .
Everything we built here , everything we made here is gone , " Nikki Conant said .
The couple , both 52 , were preparing to evacuate Sunday when they saw an orange glow in the hills near their Santa Rosa rental home .
Within 45 minutes , they could hear the trees crackling and propane tanks exploding as the blaze reached their community .
They jumped in their car , and for what seemed like an eternity they were stuck in bumper - to- bumper traffic .
“ I thought we were going to burn alive .
I really did .
It was horrible , ” Nikki Conant said .
Nikki sobbed Wednesday when she spotted her now - burned chicken coop .
Her twelve beloved chickens all died in the fire .
All the tools for their repurposing business were gone , too .
The Conants are among more than 70,000 people still under evacuation orders in the wine region north of San Francisco where the Glass Fire has incinerated at least 143 homes along with winery installations and other buildings .
Flames were continuing to tear through the region 's rolling pastures and tree - dotted hills , toppling renowned wineries and restaurants .
“ Every time we try to construct some control lines , the fire is outflanking us , so we have to pull back , " Cal Fire Chief Mark Brunton said .
Firefighters were also warily watching for “ violent " winds expected to return to the Napa - Sonoma area late Wednesday , with continuing extreme heat and low humidity .
Red flag warnings of extreme fire danger were to continue into Friday evening .
Officials said they were requesting more fire crews to join 2,000 firefighters battling the blaze that has charred 80 square miles ( 207 square kilometers ) with almost no containment .
Pacific Gas & Electric also cut power to another 3,100 customers in Napa County at the request of firefighters , the Santa Rosa Press Democrat reported .
Hot weather and the potential for fire damage could stress power supplies as people switch on their air conditioners .
To avoid shortages , the California Independent System Operator , which runs the state 's power grid , issued a statewide Flex Alert for 3 p.m. to 10 p.m. Thursday .
It urged customers to avoid using large appliances during that time and to keep the thermostat at 78 degrees or above .
A mid-August heat wave strained the grid to the point where Cal ISO ordered utilities to implement brief rolling blackouts for the first time since 2001 .
Numerous studies in recent years have linked bigger wildfires in America to global warming from the burning of coal , oil and gas , especially because climate change has made California much drier .
A drier California means plants are more flammable .
Some Northern Californians say they are getting fed up with the annual evacuations and fire fears and are thinking of leaving .
Despite their latest harrowing experience , the Conants said they plan to stay .
Their landlord already told them the home will be rebuilt and offered them a trailer to stay at on the land while the house is finished , Nikki Conant said .
“ This is home , ” she said , referring to the Santa Rosa area .
“ I was born and raised here , my family is here .
I do n’t have the heart to just give up and leave the area . ”
The massive blazes are also becoming harder to fight .
On Wednesday , officials said wind - whipped flames led two firefighters to deploy the emergency fire shelters they carry in case of imminent danger from flames
The firefighters were assigned to the Glass Fire in Napa County on Sunday when gusty off - shore winds fanned the fire , forcing them to deploy the shelters after flames overwhelmed them .
The firefighters covered themselves on the ground with the space blanket - looking devices .
They were not injured , the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection said .
It ’s the third time fire crews have had to deploy their fire shelters this month — a last - resort effort to save their lives that was once uncommon .
On Sept. 8 , 14 firefighters deployed emergency shelters as flames overtook them and destroyed the fire station they were defending in the Los Padres National Forest .
Three firefighters were hospitalized and later released .
A day later , a crew fighting a deadly blaze in Butte County was overrun by flames when winds shifted ; its members escaped with only minor injuries after deploying emergency shelters .
About 150 miles ( 241 kilometers ) to the north of wine country , the Zogg Fire , which also erupted during Sunday ’s high winds and grew quickly , has killed four people , Shasta County Sheriff Eric Magrini said .
A man evacuated with severe burns Sunday died at a hospital of his injuries Tuesday , Magrini said .
Three others died Sunday .
The deadly blaze that spread to neighboring Tehama County has burned 86 square miles ( 222.7 square kilometers ) and destroyed 146 buildings , about half of them homes .
It was 9 % contained .
The Glass and Zogg fires are among nearly 30 wildfires burning in California .
Fire - related deaths in California this year total 30 .
___
Rodriguez reported from San Francisco .
Associated Press writer Juliet Williams also contributed to this story .
Above is a new demo video called Phasor developed by [ Lft ] .
It is run from an AVR ATmega88 and a few passive components , and the result is pretty amazing .
[ Lft ] goes into detail about the tricks he used to get this up and running .
The chip is clocked at 17.73447 MHz which is exactly four times the frequency of the PAL color carrier wave which allows him to fake a smooth signal .
He also uses a timer trick to get the voltages that he needs .
The work done here is beyond hardcore and quite frankly we can’t believe he managed to fit all of this into 8.5 KB of program space with just 1 KB or RAM .
We wonder if there ’s enough room there to add sound and color to the AVR Tetris project .
[ Thanks Sprite_tm ]
Wired.com and other news outlets are asking a California judge to unseal the search warrant affidavit that led to a police raid on the home of Gizmodo editor Jason Chen , who paid $ 5,000 for a prototype 4G iPhone .
Under California law , the public has a right to see the documents that led San Mateo County Superior Court Judge Clifford V. Cretan to approve the police search , we argue .
We 've asked for a hearing on the issue at 2 p.m. PT , Thursday .
On April 23 , officers from California ’s Rapid Enforcement Allied Computer Team in San Mateo County , California , broke open the front door to Chen 's home while no one was there and seized six computers , along with other items .
The search has raised questions about the basis investigators used to obtain the warrant and whether it violated state and federal shield laws .
The affidavit in support of the warrant was submitted under seal .
The court clerk has refused to answer questions about the seal , and the order sealing the records is itself sealed , even two weeks after the raid .
Under California law , search warrant records are normally made public after the search is complete , and no later than 10 days after the warrant is issued , unless a motion and memo are filed with the court indicating a specific need for sealing .
But " despite this clear right of access , all records relating to the warrant have been sealed " in a manner that may violate the procedural requirements for sealing judicial records , our motion argues .
The motion to unseal was prepared Wednesday by attorneys representing Wired.com , the Associated Press , CNET , Bloomberg News , the Los Angeles Times , the California Newspaper Publishers Association and the First Amendment Coalition .
On April 19 , Gizmodo , which is owned by Gawker Media , published a story about a new iPhone prototype it had received from an anonymous source who seized the device after an Apple engineer left it on a barstool at the Gourmet Haus Staudt in Redwood City , California .
Gawker Media paid $ 5,000 for it , but returned it to Apple after the company requested it , following publication of its story .
Last week , Wired.com revealed that 21 - year - old Brian J. Hogan was the person who found the phone and received payment from Gawker Media to provide exclusive access to review the device .
Hogan 's attorney acknowledged that his client met with investigators , but declined to say whether authorities executed a search on Hogan or other parties involved in the sale of the device .
See also :
Goldman
Sachs says it lost money in the market crash Goldman Sachs executives boasted about the money the bank was making while the US housing market was collapsing in 2007 , released company e-mails show .
The e-mails detail how the investment house profited from the mortgage crisis by betting that the market would fall .
US senator Carl Levin said banks like Goldman were " self - interested promoters of risky schemes that helped trigger the financial crisis " .
The bank says that it lost money in the market crash .
It says it lost $ 1.2bn ( £ 780 m ) in the residential mortgage market during 2007 - 08 .
Separately , the bank is also defending itself against a government lawsuit which accuses it of misleading investors .
' Like Frankenstein '
The e-mails were released by the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigation into the origins of the financial crisis ahead of a hearing on Tuesday .
In one of them , Goldman Sachs executive Donald Mullen wrote to his colleague : " Sounds like we will make serious money . "
In another e-mail , a Goldman trader stated that the investments he had sold were " like Frankenstein turning against his own inventor " .
" I 'm trading a product which a month ago was worth $ 100 and today is only worth $ 93 .
That does n't seem like a lot but when you take into account .... ( the investments ) are worth billions , well it adds up to a lot of money " , wrote Fabrice Tourre .
At the time the bank bought and sold housing investments betting the market would go down - a process known as short selling .
" Of course we did n't dodge the mortgage mess , we lost money , then made more than we lost because of shorts , " Goldman Chief Executive Lloyd Blanfein wrote in an email in 2007 also released by the Senate subcommittee .
' Cherry - picked '
The e-mails were among some 20 millions documents provided to the Senate subcommittee chaired by Mr Levin .
He said they showed that Goldman " made a lot of money by betting against the mortgage market " .
Other critics say that the bets added fuel to the financial crisis .
But Goldman Sachs spokesman Lucas van Praag said Senator Levin 's subcommittee had " cherry - picked just four e-mails from almost 20 million pages of documents and emails provided to it by Goldman Sachs " .
" It is concerning that the subcommittee seems to have reached its conclusion even before holding a hearing , " the spokesman added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A radical Islamic website is warning the creators of " South Park " that they could face violent retribution for depicting the Prophet Muhammad in a bear suit during an episode broadcast on Comedy Central last week .
RevolutionMuslim.com posted the warning following the 200th episode of Trey Parker and Matt Stone 's " South Park , " which included a caricature of the Prophet Muhammad disguised in a bear suit .
The Web posting also included a graphic photo of Theo van Gogh , a Dutch filmmaker who was murdered in 2004 after making a documentary on violence against Muslim women .
" We have to warn Matt and Trey that what they are doing is stupid and they will probably wind up like Theo Van Gogh for airing this show , " the posting reads .
" This is not a threat , but a warning of the reality of what will likely happen to them . "
Reaching by phone early Tuesday , Abu Talhah al Amrikee , the author of the post , said he wrote the entry to " raise awareness . "
He said the grisly photograph of van Gogh was meant to " explain the severity " of what Parker and Stone did by mocking Muhammad .
" It 's not a threat , but it really is a likely outcome , " al Amrikee said , referring to the possibility that Parker and Stone could be murdered for mocking Muhammad .
" They 're going to be basically on a list in the back of the minds of a large number of Muslims .
It 's just the reality . "
Al Amrikee said the website is considering a protest against the " disgusting " show , which also depicted the Prophet Muhammad in an episode on July 4 , 2001 .
" This is not a small thing , " he said .
" We should do whatever we can to make sure it does not happen again . "
The posting on RevolutionMuslim.com also includes audio of a sermon by Anwar al - Awlaki -- a radical U.S. - born preacher now believed to be hiding in Yemen -- who discusses assassinating individuals who defame the Prophet Muhammad .
It also included a link to a 2009 story in the Huffington Post that gave details of Stone and Parker 's mansion in Colorado .
A Comedy Central spokesman told FoxNews.com that the network has no comment on the posting .
Here ’s some news from this year ’s IIHF World Championship :
USA Avoids Relegation
T.J. Oshie ( St. Louis Blues ) scored a sudden - death shootout goal to help Team USA defeat Team Italy , 3 - 2 , and avoid relegation yesterday .
Brandon Dubinsky ( New York Rangers ) opened the scoring at 11:45 of the first period .
With Team USA on its second powerplay , Dubinsky ripped a slap shot that beat Italian goaltender Daniel Bellissimo high on the blocker side for his third goal of the tournament .
Team Italy fought back , tying the game at the 14 - minute mark of the first .
Giulio Scandella skated the past the Team USA defense , moving in alone on a breakaway .
Scandella put home the puck , tying the game and ending Team USA ’s shutout streak at 154 minutes .
The Italians seemed poised for the upset , taking the lead 6:49 into the third period .
Stefano Margoli took a pass at center and made his way through Team USA ’s defense .
He took a wrist shot that beat Team USA goalie Scott Clemmensen ( Florida Panthers ) .
Ryan Potulny ( Edmonton Oilers ) scored the equalizer , tying the game at 11:08 of the third period .
With Team USA on a powerplay , Potulny crashed the net , putting a rebound past Bellissimo .
David Moss ( Calgary Flames ) almost gave the Americans a late victory with a breakaway chance .
Moss tried a backhanded shot , but Bellissimo kicked out the right pad to block the shot to the corner .
By heading to overtime , Team USA clinched its spot in the IIHF ’s upper division .
The win helped relegate Italy to the federation ’s second tier .
Team USA finished 13th overall in the tournament .
Russia vs. Canada – Part Two
The last time these two teams met , the Russians were on the wrong end of a drubbing .
Team Canada defeated the Russians , 7 - 3 , in this year ’s Winter Olympics en-route to winning the gold medal .
Team Russia , sporting such NHL stars as Alexander Ovechkin ( Washington Capitals ) and Ilya Kovalchuk ( New Jersey Devils ) did n’t medal .
The rivalry continues to grow , and the quarterfinals match will be no different .
Team Russia is undefeated in this year ’s tournament , winning the first six games .
They also have a 25 game IIHF World Championship winning streak , which started in the 2007 bronze medal game against – you guessed it – Canada .
Team Canada brought a young team to Germany , and its still trying to gel .
They ’ve lost their last two coming into the game against the Russians .
When asked about the matchup , Kovalchuk said he wished it would come later in the tournament .
“ Russia - Canada , it is too bad we meet in the quarterfinals but it will be a big match for us , ” said Kovalchuk , the captain of Team Russia .
“ It is always nice when we face each other in the final but it seems the last couple of big tournaments we have faced each other in the quarterfinals . ”
( CNN ) --
The next generation of space robot is here .
It looks like an astronaut in a spacesuit , with a head , a torso , two arms and two hands that can grasp and hold objects just like a human hand .
Its name is R2 , short for Robonaut 2 .
And it 's heading to the International Space Station aboard the space shuttle Discovery in September .
For more than three years , a team of General Motors engineers and NASA scientists worked side by side at the Houston 's Johnson Space center -- designing , engineering and building the 300 - pound , human - like machine .
At first , the partnership between a space agency and an auto maker may seem unlikely but it made perfect sense for the R2 venture .
GM has used both industrial and commercial robots in its auto assembly plants , mainly single - arm robots .
" We 've used robots for years and years , " said Marty Linn , GM 's principal robotics engineer .
" We use robots in basically every single one of our manufacturing plants today around the world . "
Turns out that what the astronauts need on a space mission is not very different from what an operator in an assembly plant needs .
" We spent a lot of effort working on the technologies that will allow us to have robots work right next to human operators very safely , " Linn said .
" For General Motors , it 's really about the the technologies and being able to make the robots safe to work around . "
NASA has the same goal .
" This project exemplifies the promise that a future generation of robots can have both in space and on Earth , not as replacements for humans but as companions that can carry out key supporting roles , " said a statement from John Olson , director of NASA 's Exploration Systems Integration Office .
" The combined potential of humans and robots is a perfect example of the sum equaling more than the parts , " he said .
" It will allow us to go further and achieve more than we can probably even imagine today . "
Linn said the R2 will be an astronaut 's helper .
" That 's really what it was designed to do , to help astronauts in performing their regular tasks , " Linn said .
And at GM , he said , the R2 was about developing technologies that will help build safer manufacturing plants and better - quality vehicles .
It 's hoped that the robot will minimize danger to astronauts , relieve them of ergonomically challenging tasks as well as jobs that are dull and repetitive .
R2 will be able to perform a variety of experiments in micro-gravity , basically working side - by - side with the astronauts , but will still be in a testing phase when it arrives at the International Space Station .
It is n't built to withstand the extreme temperatures in space , so it will be confined to a lab inside the station .
But in the years ahead , scientists hope the R2 will be enhanced enough to move freely around the complex .
Is the R2 a precursor of things to come ?
Are there robotic teachers and robotic drivers in the near future ?
How about robotic babysitters or store clerks ?
" I'm a big fan of imagination , " Linn said .
" And certainly you could imagine all those things .
Is it that far off ?
I do n't think so . "
Check out the iPad Wi-Fi Repair Manual for a full set of repair guides !
We got a sneak peak inside the iPad yesterday , when we were able to un-redact the FCC 's test photos .
Be warned , however : what you see there is with a pre-production unit , while the photos here are from a unit purchased at retail .
Want to stay up - to - date with the hardware world ?
Follow @ifixit !
Our Apple iPad Repair repair manual already has some repair guides in progress for the iPad .
We hope you did n't already break your screen , but if so , that 's the best place to go .
Also check out the YouTube video slideshow of the teardown !
Update 4/5 : We 've worked with ChipWorks to dissect the silicon inside the iPad .
More photos forthcoming .
“ I ’m presenting Sir Clive Sinclair , the man who helped take computers out of the lab and into our homes . ” -...
“ I ’m presenting Sir Clive Sinclair , the man who helped take computers out of the lab and into our homes . ” - Phil Tufnell Information Pioneers is a campaign from BCS , The Chartered Institute for IT , that seeks to show how the contributions of five very different people helped to shape the information society that we live in today .
This is one out of the five which shares the story of an Information Pioneer who have truly enabled the information society .
Created by an award - winning production team , the campaign aims to demonstrate how information empowers people and through this , we hope will encourage you to use IT as a tool to innovate , just like these Pioneers did .
As well as sharing your thoughts and comments on info pioneers campaign , you can also vote for your favourite info pioneer at ******* pioneers.bcs****
What you waiting for ?
Go for it !
For locksmiths , making a replacement car key without its identifying code can be a grueling procedure .
Steve Randall should know — he spent a summer during college working for his father 's locksmithing company , watching experts struggle with the process .
Lacking the identification codes , called bittings , that tell them which patterns to cut into blanks , locksmiths must rely on trial and error to make a perfect fit .
Inspired , Randall and a friend , Ted Schwarzkopf , recently unveiled a solution : the Electronic Key Impressioner .
The Impressioner consists of a sensor that goes into the lock and sends information back to a computer via USB about the location of the lock 's tumblers — a corresponding computer program comes up with the code , depending on the make of car you 've entered beforehand .
Once you know the code , a key - cutting machine can use it to carve up a key .
The current prototype works only for Fords — Randall 's next step is to program the machine to work with cars from a wide range of companies .
Some keys are more complicated than this system can anticipate .
For example , many car keys have transponders in them , so even if a newly cut key can open a car , it wo n't be able to start it .
But tools exist already for locksmiths to crack transponder codes — and there are plenty of cars out there that still use simple , old - fashioned key technology .
It does n't take a huge leap of logic to note that what could be a perfect invention for locksmiths could easily turn into a payday for thieves — and a nightmare for car companies .
There are plenty of " for locksmiths only " tools out there that make breaking into cars easy ( for people who locked their keys in the car , for example ) .
But the ability to fabricate the perfect key without getting a code from the manufacturer could make it easier for thieves to resell stolen cars .
So Randall and Schwarzkopf need to plan for problems on two fronts — on the one hand they need to make sure their device stays in the right hands , on the other , they need to make sure it stays relevant .
After all , once such a surefire way to replicate car keys exists , how long will it be until companies change their lock technology completely ?
As far as security is concerned , the device 's first line of defense will be the same as all professional lock - picking devices — it will only be for sale to state - licensed locksmiths .
But if that does n't work out , the company will be able to shut down rogue systems .
When the software starts up , it will have to connect to a database full of updated key codes — that system will have the authority to brick the device remotely .
Despite these safeguards , critics seem skeptical .
Late last year , Schwarzkopf announced to attendees at a technology conference that he and Randall had a working prototype for the Impressioner .
But when he described the device , there were murmurs in the crowd — then titters .
Randall says the technology might be better received if it served another purpose .
" We 've been trying to figure out what else to use it for , " he says .
" If you 've got any ideas , let us know . "
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Guys :
It ’s been a fun weekend .
I went out with some ladies , including the lovely C.L. , and drank “ ironic ” Amaretto sours ( here ’s some advice : DO NOT DO THAT .
IT ’S AWFUL .
And no - one but you thinks it ’s funny ) and did various sensual dances which resulted in me tripping and falling face - first into a couch .
Sensually !
On the following morning , I felt a heretofore - unknown spiritual kinship with Ke$ha .
I cooked up some pretty good risotto .
I firmed up our new Tiger Beatdown Contributor Roster , which : More news on that to come .
My best friend and I found a bar like three blocks away from me , and it had a smoking patio , and the music there was n’t awful !
I was excited !
So , yeah , I had a good weekend .
You know who did n’t have a good weekend , though , was Freddie ’s [ BONER ] .
There is some sadness going on in its vicinity , it would appear !
Sadness of the extensively blogged variety !
And you know , it occurs to me that there is maybe a 3,000 - word post to be written on how exactly Freddie ’s sadness is a textbook demonstration of the Dude Privilege at work , and a stunning , nigh - perfect lesson on How Not To Be A Feminist Man .
We could start that blog post out , for example , by talking about that first post he so generously promoted on this blog , which attacked this blog , and basically boiled down to saying that Freddie knows his feminism way better than most people because he ’s read some books , and therefore he is not required to privilege the voices of actual women , who have actually experienced sexism and oppression in conversations about feminism .
Even before we get to the closing paragraph , which is about whether Amanda and I would be good dates who are mature and enlightened and Authentically Feminist enough to basically tell Freddie he is right about everything , there ’s this :
That guy you see in the picture there to the right ( that handsome fellow ) is indeed what a feminist looks like , a particular feminist , this feminist .
And this feminist is not looking for validation , confirmation or blessing from any particular female feminists .
Feminism is not lady business ; it is the business of all people who pursue equity and liberation , and who take the elimination of entrenched power imbalances as their ethical duty …
[ Blah blah blah there should not be ] an excuse for female feminists , whether cisgendered or transgendered , to be empowered to have a constantly shifting definition of how male feminists are allowed to operate within feminist discourse .
Far too often , the expectation that male feminists should be equally devoted to advancing the feminist cause is carried by female feminists who will turn around , when an argument arises about what best represents and advances feminism , and assert their privilege over feminist discourse based on the fact that they are female .
Read that passage .
Read it , like , several times .
Because what Freddie is saying , in fact , is that he is such a good feminist that he should not have to listen to women .
He is such a good feminist that , when he enters feminist spheres , he should not have to give up the privilege that he , as a man , has experienced his entire life .
He should not have his authority , his experience , or the validity of his insight questioned on the basis that he has not actually experienced the oppression he claims to be fighting .
For women to assert their own primacy , their own knowledge and expertise , which is gained not primarily from “ intellectual ” sources such as works of theory , but which is based on the simple , practical , gut - level experience of being oppressed every day of their fucking lives , with ( in my case , and many other cases ) theory consumed and utilized , not to teach them much that is new , but to help them verbalize and explain what they already know … well , that ’s “ privilege , ” it ’s “ privileging women , ” and it ’s unfair , because it means that Freddie is n’t treated as the World ’s Foremost Expert .
On our fucking lives .
Yes : Freddie , as a feminist , wants to be regarded as knowing more about women than women do .
And he gets really , really sad and angry when you tell him that , because he is a man , he will never know more about womanhood or women ’s oppression than women , and he will never be allowed to define feminism for women , and he will never be able to engage in feminist discussions without having his privilege pointed out to him .
That ’s what ’s at stake here : Whether Freddie ’s “ feminist ” engagement should involve listening to women , and valuing their voices enough to make them central to his understanding , or whether ( as he explicitly seems to wish ) he will be allowed to be a “ feminist ” while keeping his ability to oppress women , his privilege , intact and unchallenged .
Do n’t think for a second it ’s anything more advanced or “ intellectual ” than that .
Freddie is a man , and it makes him mad that women do n’t listen to , agree with , and obey him .
Because of his “ feminism . ”
Which , as he explicitly states above , is not based on any obligation to listen to or learn from the people that feminism is intended to help .
In social justice circles , this phenomenon is known as “ entitlement . ”
Or , in Internet social justice circles , where we give everything LOLcatty names because we can and it amuses us , we call it “ mansplaining . ”
If Freddie were an actual ally , someone who was coming correct to feminism , he would still probably fall into the Pit of Mansplanation every so often .
Just as I , an anti-racist white woman , fall into the Pit of Whitesplaining .
Just as I , a pro-trans cisgender lady , fall into the Pit of Cissplaining .
But when it happens to me , I try to behave myself .
When Nitsuh Abebe tells me to fucking stop referring to hipster indie music criticism as a “ white thing , ” because he works for Pitchfork and he writes hipster indie music criticism and he ’s black and I fucking well know that enough to not erase him from my account of the world , well : I type the words “ you ’re right , ” and I apologize , and then I fucking stop doing it .
Because that ’s how an ally behaves , as I understand it .
When C.L. Minou points out to me that I need to stop complaining about how awkward period sex is , because the worst thing that ’s going to happen to me if I have an Unpleasant Revelation For A Straight Dude along those lines is that the dude is not going to want to have sex with me , and will maybe act like a douche about it , whereas if she discloses some of her own Revelations to a straight dude she ’s been making out with , there ’s a substantial chance that she will get fucking murdered , because that happens often , well : I shut the fuck up about period sex , is what I do .
What Freddie does is to leave nine comments and write two blog posts about how mean I am .
For the record .
Because that “ I should n’t have to listen to women because I ’m a better feminist than they are ” thing is , like , not something he is willing to give up .
And my tone , well : My TONE !
It is just OUT OF LINE !
In Freddie ’s estimation .
Why ca n’t Freddie define the terms on which I am allowed to engage with Freddie , on this blog , written and edited and run by me and not by Freddie , and expect me to obey him ?
You guys : I ’m just really , really , really mean and awful , for not doing what Freddie tells me to do .
And it ’s true !
I am mean !
I may , last night , have given a dramatic reading of Freddie ’s latest blog post about me , in which I started out in an only slightly quavery and whiny voice , and by the end of it was dramatizing the full - blown hysterical sobbing in which I imagined Freddie to indulge , helplessly , while writing it .
I may have taken no small pleasure in that .
But here ’s the thing :
When it comes to fighting back against my own oppression , which Freddie is blatantly trying to enforce on me in my own space , I do n’t play nice .
As a woman , I do have to fight to be recognized as an authority on anything and everything up to and including my own personal fucking life .
I created this blog specifically so that there would be a place that I could publish my opinions , on my oppression , without being subject to anyone else ’s ideas about what was “ appropriate ” or “ acceptable ” or “ marketable ” or good .
I wanted to carve out a Room of One ’s Own on the Internet .
Without editors , without filters , without inhibitions .
So if you try to act like my editor , on my site , of which I am editor - in - chief and sole paramount authority ?
I stopped going to church a long time ago .
And my philosophy , on the topic of responding to sexists on my personal blog , is not so much , “ if a man strike you , turn the other cheek ” as it is , “ if a man strike you , knock the fucker unconscious , break into his house , and sell all his shit on eBay before you burn his place to the ground . ”
Because I am a woman , and I find that , as a woman , there are n’t all that many places in the world where it is totally fucking unacceptable for men to treat me disrespectfully .
But Tiger Beatdown is such a place .
And when a man breaks the rules , we make an example out of him .
And , yeah , the “ I ’m Sady fucking Doyle ” thing turned people off .
You think I did n’t know it would turn people off ?
Women are not supposed to say that shit , even when it ’s true .
And it was there completely on purpose , with full acknowledgement that people would call me a narcissist , self - absorbed , in love with myself , etc , for saying it .
Because I wanted to convey to Freddie that Freddie ai n’t shit , largely because he actually ain’t .
But I also wanted Freddie , who is hugely terrified of women who assert their authority and primacy in the feminist movement , to be confronted with the sight of a woman acknowledging , accepting , and reveling in her own authority and power .
That shit is terrifying , often even to women , but definitely to men .
So now Freddie ’s sulking that Sady Doyle is “ telling everyone about how impressed with herself she is . ”
And I am .
Because I knew that would piss him the hell off .
Because I ’m a woman , and I have accordingly been taught my entire life to view myself as lesser - than , to devalue my own accomplishments , to accept it when other people treat me as lesser - than and devalue me , which they ( if they are men , especially ) have been taught to do .
And I refuse .
I say no .
I tell you I ’m Sady fucking Doyle , and I expect you to believe it .
Being a woman who likes herself , is proud of herself , is impressed with herself , in public :
There might not be a more subversive act .
Although , also , I write that I “ find myself unbearable , ” and otherwise make fun of myself , all the fucking time .
So .
And , yeah , it does n’t escape my attention that , amongst other blowback , I ’ve been called “ shrill ” and “ self - obsessed even for a blogger ” and at least one person with a male screen name has expressed the desire that I be ( verbally ) “ bitch - slapped . ”
It ’s not the first time I ’ve been threatened with a slap designed specifically for bitches like me , and it wo n’t be the last .
But it ’s fun to know who ’s on Freddie ’s side .
And it might just , when put in context , point out to you why it is important for feminist , female bloggers — and we all do this , because we ’ve all experienced the same bullshit — to police their spaces , and to make them distinctively unsafe environments for hostility aimed at the blogger in question .
We pick on Freddie because we want all the other Freddies to be scared of what might happen to them if they try to pull the same thing .
Because , otherwise , they will pull it .
You have an unmoderated comment section ?
You have a 100 - comment pile - up in your thread about how you are a terrible bad man-hater for making that joke about the pickle jars , and did you know women like to lie about being raped .
( UPDATE : That pile - up has gotten bigger since I posted .
Sample comment : “ Next time I give you two any attention , I ’m expecting one of you two to suck my dick so I can put up with the other one ’s ‘ edgy ’ ranting . ” )
The fact that Freddie can get so worked - up about a single , relatively small incident is illustrative ; it shows how , as a man , he is privileged and protected from the massive amounts of hostility women on the Internet face every single day .
So , also , let ’s look at the specific passages he seems to have objected to !
First , he was sad that Amanda and I made jokes on Sexist Beatdown about creepy guys who hit on you at the pro-choice rally , or who walk up to you after Women ’s Studies classes to say that you ’ve Opened Their Eyes , while said eyes linger just a little too long , and too intently , on your upper torso .
Now : A common phrase , which just about every ally has ever heard or been instructed to heed , is , “ if it ’s not about you , do n’t make it about you . ”
That is :
If someone is describing a gross , oppressive behavior that some people in your privileged group engage in , then there is no reason to get defensive unless you personally engage in that behavior , in which case you need to stop complaining about your hurt feelings and focus on how quickly and completely you can cut that shit out .
And rushing to the defense of people who do engage in the oppressive behavior , even if you do n’t engage in it , is not acceptable , because you ’re showing solidarity with your privilege , rather than with the people who are being hurt or oppressed .
There is no better way to announce that you seriously do n’t care about racism than to leap to the defense of some racist - ass people and ask people of color to stop talking about them in such a critical tone , for example .
So I would just tell Freddie that if our jokes about pseudo - feminists who are in it for the pussy are n’t about him , he should n’t make them about him .
But I ’m pretty sure they are , in fact , about him .
Because he closes the post by wondering whether Amanda and I would be total boner - killers on a date .
Next , there ’s the post on which he left the comment that led to his downfall .
He characterizes this post , on his blog , as “ very mean . ”
This post was a Sexist Beatdown , again .
And it was explicitly about how feminists should listen to and heed oppressed men on the topic of their various oppressions , and about how women and other marginalized people can and should ally with each other .
But , in the meantime , we also made jokes about how some dudes are so wrapped up in their own privilege that they can’t bear to see women write about their own experiences of oppression , and about how they make up fake “ oppressions ” like being asked to open pickle jars ( or not being automatically regarded as The World ’s Foremost Experts on Feminism , when they are on dates with professional , well - published feminist writers ) , and how they leave obnoxious comments that boil down to “ WHAT ABOUT ME , ” which are clearly intended to shut women down and make them focus on dudes , as The Patriarchy has trained us to believe that all women should do at all times .
This was the “ very mean ” post that got Freddie so riled up he had to leave his self - promotery comment about how much he hates Sexist Beatdown and / or the Tiger Beatdown on which it appears .
This was where he got really fucking offended and scared about the jokes .
And , again , I would tell Freddie that “ if it ’s not about you , do n’t make it about you . ”
But are you kidding me ?
It ’s completely about him .
It might as well have been written specifically about him .
He ’s doing the exact thing we described in that post .
And , I mean , here ’s the fucking cherry on top of Freddie ’s shit sundae , the thing that makes all of this so glorious :
His comment ?
And his blog post , about how women do n’t listen enough to men ?
Well , he linked me to that blog post at the end of Visions of Manliness week .
In which , if you did n’t notice , I published exclusively men , on the topic of their experiences and oppressions .
In which I not only advocated for men as feminist allies ( and for feminists as allies to men ) , I pointed out , promoted , praised , and defended the work of feminist men .
For an entire week .
And I capped it off with a dialogue on how women can better ally with men , and how men can better ally with women .
And that ’s when Freddie decided to scold me , publicly , for not listening to men enough .
Because none of this is actually about “ feminist men . ”
Hear me : none of it is about that , or has ever been about that .
At all .
It ’s not about the role of men in the feminist movement ( they have one ) ; it ’s not about whether men can be feminists ( they can , and are ) ; it ’s not about how feminist men and feminist women work together ( they do a good job of it , around here ) , or whether those feminist men and women focus on the issues and oppressions that affect men ( we do ) .
All of that has been explicitly addressed and dealt with , on this blog , over the course of this week .
It ’s not about whether feminist women value feminist men ; it ’s about whether feminist women value male privilege .
And it ’s about , specifically , whether feminist women value Freddie .
And it ’s about , specifically , whether I value Freddie and his male privilege .
And you know what ?
This particular feminist just does not give a fuck about either of those things .
I value Freddie , and male privilege , not in the least , not at all , not one little tiny bit .
And he can just sob into his pillow and / or his Blogspot about that for the next year , for all I care .
Because I , me personally , I do n’t care about Freddie ’s [ BONERS ] .
But here ’s the thing :
You do n’t care about Freddie ’s [ BONERS ] , either .
For , pursuant to Freddie ’s epic hissy about how scared and offended and sad joke - making ladies make Freddie , I made you a promise .
“ Goof away , it ’s the Internet , and it ’s your dime , ” Freddie wrote , sulkily , and I was inspired .
I was inspired to tell you that , if you enjoyed the goofing , well , it could be your dime , too .
And so I founded the We Do n’t Care About Freddie ’s Boners Foundation , the first action of which was to start a pledge drive in which every dollar you donated would result in me making a joke .
It is a dollars - for - jokes transaction , this thing I am describing .
And here , now , is the minimum number of jokes which I personally am required to make :
2,130.19
Holy crap !
Two thousand , one hundred and thirty point one nine jokes in the next year alone !
And most of you only requested like two or ten or fifteen jokes , individually !
There are just a LOT of people who do n’t care about Freddie , apparently !
( Also :
This is enough to cover rent this month !
And , potentially , food !
So thank you . )
Clearly , I need to get to work .
For example , here is a joke for you !
FREDDIE : Knock , knock .
SADY : Who ’s there ?
FREDDIE : [ BONERS . ]
So , a joke for you !
Oh , look , here ’s another :
FREDDIE : Knock , knock .
SADY : Who ’s —
FREDDIE : OH MY GOD YOU ARE BEING SO MEAN TO ME I ’M GONNA TELL MY BLOG WHY DON ’T YOU CARE ABOUT DUDES ?!??!!
There !
Only two thousand , one hundred and twenty - eight ( point one nine ) jokes to go !
I do n’t know what equates to 0.19 jokes , I will tell you now .
Maybe I could post a funny GIF ?
Contributed by weerd on 2010 - 05 - 27 from the bigger - binaries dept .
Recently , there has been a lot of work going into the tree to move some architectures to GCC4 ( the latest non -GPL3 version ) .
Those of you following source - changes@ and / or ports - changes@ will have seen the large amount of commits to prepare for this new compiler .
Just today , Mark Kettenis ( kettenis@ ) committed the bits to switch the amd64 and sparc64 architectures over to GCC4 .
For the people following - current , please be advised that this is a flag day , you will need to follow the steps in the faq to upgrade your machine .
There was another one about config ( 8 ) needing an update very recently and soon more architectures will follow amd64 and sparc64 , so keep a close eye on that page if you 're on an architecture that has n't moved yet .
In addtion to the move to GCC4 , FORTRAN f77 is moving out of the src tree into the ports tree .
Some of the reasons were stated by Marc Espie ( espie@ ) on the ports@ mailing list .
Update : Marco Peereboom requests more people help test the move to GCC4 .
Interested people should check out his website where he collects results and which describes the testing procedure .
If you want to send him your results , send them to marco@openbsd.org .
( CNN ) --
Thousands of people across the globe took to the streets on Saturday in annual demonstrations for May Day , the annual event marked by demonstrations demanding better working conditions .
Known as International Workers ' Day , the holiday draws thousands to peacefully protest .
Others , as in Athens , Greece , clashed with police amid growing anger over the government 's stiff plans to grapple with the country 's debt .
About 12,000 people in Athens were on the streets , waving red flags and at times surging toward a line of police , who wore helmets and carried riot shields .
Those disturbances led to injuries and arrests .
A satellite truck was torched and two ATMs , the glass frontage of a bank and a car were damaged .
In Russia , more than 2.5 million people participated in traditional May Day celebrations in 900 cities and towns , the country 's trade union federation said .
The largest gatherings took place in Krasnodar , Yakutsk , Vladivostok , Izhevsk , Moscow and St. Petersburg .
The people spoke out in favor of decent salaries and stable employment .
Watch May Day demonstration in Paris , France .
According to CNN sources and state - run news reports , there were many demonstrations .
Turkey :
For this first time in 30 years , tens of thousands of union members and leftist political activists gathered for the first legally sanctioned May Day celebration in Istanbul 's central Taksim Square .
Germany :
Several protesters were detained after clashes with police in Hamburg .
Seventeen police officers were reportedly injured when confronting demonstrators who they said were throwing rocks and setting garbage cans on fire .
Cuba :
A throng marched through Revolution Plaza in Havana .
Crowds are usually big in Cuba on International Workers '
Day but government officials said the turnout was a signal to Washington that the country is unified and supports its leaders .
United States :
Several dozen cities braced for protests against Arizona 's controversial new immigration law .
Asia :
Thousands gathered in several Asian cities for its annual May Day demonstrations .
They demanded improved working conditions and wage increases .
Clashes between police and protesters were seen on TV .
Iran :
Protests popped up at the Labor Ministry , where demonstrators clashed with police and shouted " Death to the dictator . "
CNN 's Diana Magnay , Ivan Watson , Yesim Comert , Azadeh Ansari and Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report
Now that the Digital Economy Bill has passed — without full debate , despite widespread public outrage — the stage is set for big corporate copyright holders to begin sending ISPs ordering them to disconnect customers who are believed to infringe copyright .
ISPs are expected to cave and shut off entire families from their lifeline to the digital society on the say - so of these entertainment industry bullies .
But one ISP , TalkTalk , is refusing to go along with the la .
They say that " if we are instructed to disconnect an account due to alleged copyright infringement we will refuse to do so and tell the rightsholders we 'll see them in court . "
After the election we will resume highlighting the substantial dangers inherent in the proposals and that the hoped for benefits in legitimate sales will not materialise as filesharers will simply switch to other undetectable methods to get content for free .
In the meantime we stand by our pledges to our customers : * Unless we are served with a court order we will never surrender a customer 's details to rightsholders .
We are the only major ISP to have taken this stance and we will maintain it .
*
If we are instructed to disconnect an account due to alleged copyright infringement we will refuse to do so and tell the rightsholders we 'll see them in court .
Bravo TalkTalk .
Many ISPs signed open letters to government objecting to the Digital Economy Bill 's disconnection and web - censorship proposals .
I wonder if they 'll join TalkTalk in making this pledge .
Digital Economy Bill – it 's a wash up
( Thanks , JohnCJ ! )
There are so many things wrong with this interview with T. Boone Pickens it 's hard to know where to begin , but let 's start with this statement :
Pickens :
This is a sad accident that happened but this is , you know , an unusual case but there 've been others like this so I think way too much is being made of the ... of the oil that 's being ... that 's coming out there in the Gulf .
All of that will get cleaned up and we 'll be back ... we 'll be back to normal , the world has n't changed because of this blowout .
As Mike Papantonio noted on Ed's show , " in a perfect world , we 're going to be lucky to get twenty percent of the oil from the Gulf [ cleaned up ] " .
His concerns are mirrored at Live Science 's site .
Experts : Most of the Gulf Oil Spill Wo n't Be Cleaned Up :
However , for an oil spill at sea , typically only 10 to 15 percent of the oil is recovered , Gerald Graham , president of Worldocean Consulting , a marine oil spill prevention and response planning firm based in British Columbia , told LiveScience .
So far , BP claims it has recovered 685,062 gallons ( more than 2.5 million liters ) of an oil - and - water mix .
That mix is almost entirely water , with oil stirred in like vinaigrette .
Until the entire recovery process finishes , it will be impossible to tell how much crude oil BP has recovered , Graham said .
The rest of the oil that does n't get cleaned up evaporates , breaks up and floats on the surface , or sinks to the bottom , Graham said .
" It 's kind of overwhelming , " U.S. Coast Guard Petty Officer 3rd Class Cory Mendenhall said of the cleanup effort .
" A lot of it cannot be collected , " Mendenhall said .
" 95 percent [ of the oil ] is a rainbow -y sheen .
It 's too thin to scoop up .
Most of that breaks up naturally , so about 3 percent of the oil is what people think of as big globs of oil that you can skim off the water .
Now , how much of that 3 percent has been collected is still unsure . "
History attests to the lingering problem of oil spills .
Exxon Valdez , one of the worst oil spills ever , dumped more than 10 million gallons of crude into Prince William Sound , Alaska , on March 24 , 1989 .
And there 's still a lot of oil that did n't get cleaned up , which has continued to impact wildlife in the area for the past 20 years , experts say .
" Despite spending $ 2 billion dollars and using every known clean - up method there was , they recovered 8 percent of the spilled Exxon Valdez oil , " said Jeffrey Short , Pacific science director for Oceana , a Washington , D.C. –based ocean conservation organization .
" That is typical of these exercises when you have a large marine oil spill .
You 're doing really great if you [ get ] 20 percent . "
So in other words , T. Boone Pickens is full of crap on the cleanup .
Here 's my other problem with the main stream media continually allowing Pickens on as an advocate for alternative energy .
His real motivation for wanting his wind farms is for a water grab in Texas .
Something the media and apparently the Democrats who are working with him are blissfully unaware of or know about and just do n't care and think he 's worth listening to anyway .
This guy 's got a terrible record as someone who should not be trusted yet they 're bringing him in to advise on energy policy .
T. Boone Pickens Plan — Bidding for Renewable Energies or Water Grab ?
A Second Look at the Pickens Plan
Not surprisingly – and as at least a couple of comments posted on that previous Pickens blog entry mentioned – the Pickens Plan does n’t do good just ’ cause it ’s good .
Might there be an ulterior motive ?
A July 25 , 2008 Popular Mechanics magazine article says that Pickens has another , lesser - talked about plan in mind : “ Pickens is in the planning stages of a $ 1.5 billion initiative to pump billions of gallons of water from an ancient aquifer beneath the Texas Panhandle and build pipelines to ship them to thirsty cities such as Dallas …
“ Company officials and experts agree that a continuation of the drought impacting large portions of the United States could turn Pickens into something of a water baron . ”
In a co-written op - ed piece by Republican State Senators Ken Seliger ( Amarillo ) and Robert Duncan ( Lubbock ) , published July 12 at LubbockOnline.com , the pair writes of Pickens strong - arming his way to a land and water grab , a move they dub unequivocally negative for West Texans .
“ The brand - new Roberts County Fresh Water Supply District No. 1 , acting as an alter ego of businessman T. Boone Pickens and Mesa Power Pampa , LLC , has launched a private venture that may force landowners in 11 counties to submit to the power of eminent domain so they can pump water from the shrinking Ogallala Aquifer and sell wind - generated electricity .
This new governmental entity is composed of only five people , all employees or associates of Mr. Pickens . ” ... A Couple of Questions : Does Pickens ’ holy - dollar , billionaire focus on wronging folks in Texas to grab water mean his plan to build a massive swath of wind turbines up and down the plains is a sham ?
Or are these two things somehow separable ?
Is he perhaps still a leader in guiding corporate and government leaders – and the public – away from oil dependence ?
( Not that I at all support the land and water grab , and certainly not via a concocted eminent domain swindle ! )
But I am trying to parse out the deeds here .
In short …
Do we go ahead and fully dismiss T. Boone Pickens ’ plan for wind and natural gas and energy self - reliance ?
Maybe this comment by Duncan and Seliger offers a partial answer : “ There is an undeniable demand growing for renewable energy .
Wind power is coming to Texas and it will be developed in the Panhandle and West Texas , regardless of whether Mr. Pickens ’ latest venture succeeds . ”
As Democracy Now pointed out , this guy just moved from oil to water with where to make his money .
AMY GOODMAN : What does T. Boone Pickens have to do with this ?
MAUDE BARLOW : He did n’t make enough money , I guess , out of energy , so he ’s now buying up water rights , and he is going to build a pipeline and is buying up the property that he will need for this pipeline to transport water that he ’s going to sell .
And he ’s holding onto it until it ’s worth even more money than it ’s worth now , so when blue gold may be blue platinum — I do n’t what we ’d call it next .
JUAN GONZALEZ : And he ’s also advertising heavily now on television for his supposed wind power projects .
MAUDE BARLOW : Wind .
Yeah , but it ’s all connected , because the wind project is very connected to his water pipeline that he wants to build .
And he ’s trying to green himself , but you ca n’t green yourself by privatizing water .
Given that he's also the manager of the hedge fund BP Capital , why does anyone in the media treat him as some unbiased commenter on the subject of this spill ?
From their site :
Mr. Boone Pickens is the founder of BP Capital and is a principal of TBP and BPC .
Mr. Pickens is active in the management of both the Equity Fund and the Energy Fund .
Specifically , Mr. Pickens is principally responsible for the formulation of the energy futures investment strategy of the Energy Fund and the Equity Fund .
Mr. Pickens frequently utilizes his wealth of experience in the oil and gas industry in the evaluation of potential equity investments and energy sector themes .
He also participates in the marketing of the Equity Fund to certain groups of potential investors .
Mr. Pickens was the founder of Mesa Petroleum in its various forms beginning in 1956 .
Mr. Pickens ’ career at Mesa spanned four decades .
Under his leadership , Mesa grew to become one of the largest and most well - known independent exploration and production companies in the U.S .
Nothing like the mainstream media turning to an " unbiased " opinion like Boone 's on this oil spill .
Bravo MSNBC and anyone else who puts him on the air without disclosing his conflicts of interest .
This BBC News series focuses on aspects of life in countries and cities around the world .
What may seem ordinary and familiar to the people who live there can be surprising to those who do not .
This month Latvia celebrates the 20th anniversary of its declaration of independence from Soviet Russia .
An integral part of the fight for freedom was folk singing , which kept the country 's culture alive during the years of Soviet rule .
Two decades on , this singing tradition is still alive and kicking , as our correspondent Damien McGuinness found out in the Latvian capital Riga .
In an effort to cut shipping costs with it ’s brand new 1971 Vega Chevrolet worked with Union Pacific to develop “ Vert - A - Pac ” which allowed 30 cars to be shipped versus 18 that a normal boxcar could carry .
Because of the vertical shipping method , the railcars were taller than normal forcing the railroad line to follow special routes to avoid low overpasses .
According to Collectible Automobile The Vegas had four removable steel sockets inserted into the undercarriage .
As the Vert - a - pac car doors were lifted and closed the Vegas would roll forward an catch on hooks on the doors .
When the doors were fully shut the Vegas were suspended side by side , roof to roof .
The Vega ’s engine oil pan had a special baffle to keep oil from seeping into the number 1 cylinder while the cars were vertical .
The battery caps , carburetor float bowls and windshield washer fluid reservoirs were also designed to prevent fluids from leaking during shipping .
Dr Wolff said : " We believe there are certain periods of vulnerability in the development of the mammary gland , and exposure to these chemicals may influence breast cancer risk in adulthood .
Dietary habits may also have an impact .
Further study is needed to determine how strong the link is . "
The pressure in the less - liquid markets was amplified by the computer - driven trades , which led still other traders to pull back .
Only when traders began to manually respond to the sharp drop did the market seem to turn around , said the official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the investigation was not complete .
On Friday evening , another government official directly involved in the investigation said that regulators had not yet been able to completely rule out any of the widely discussed possible causes of the market ’s gyrations .
Image Traders applauding Duncan L. Niederauer , chief of NYSE Euronext , on Friday .
He had defended his exchange in an interview .
Credit ... Richard Drew / Associated Press
This official , who also spoke on the condition of anonymity , said that regulators had collected statistical and trading data from stock and futures exchanges , and had begun cross-analyzing that with trading reports from brokerage firms and large market participants .
Regulators have also gathered anecdotal accounts of what happened from hedge funds and other trading firms .
The two major regulatory agencies — the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission — have generated multiple memos detailing what they have found and offering possible causes for the market events .
Among the issues discussed in the memos , the official said , were the disparate rules that different stock exchanges have for dealing with large price movements on the same securities and how prices on futures markets and stock exchanges appeared to lead or follow each other ’s movements down and back up .
The lack of a firm answer , more than 24 hours after the market ’s plunge Thursday , left some on Wall Street frustrated .
“ The problem is you do n’t come in and find out what the clear answer is , ” said Art Hogan , the New York - based chief market analyst at Jefferies & Company .
“ We do n’t have the clear explanation for how it happened . ”
Show full PR text
Apple Sells One Million iPads
CUPERTINO , California - May 3 , 2010 - Apple® today announced that it sold its one millionth iPad™ on Friday , just 28 days after its introduction on April 3 .
iPad users have already downloaded over 12 million apps from the App Store and over 1.5 million ebooks from the new iBookstore .
" One million iPads in 28 days - that 's less than half of the 74 days it took to achieve this milestone with iPhone , " said Steve Jobs , Apple 's CEO .
" Demand continues to exceed supply and we 're working hard to get this magical product into the hands of even more customers . "
i Pad allows users to connect with their apps and content in a more intimate , intuitive and fun way than ever before .
Users can browse the web , read and send email , enjoy and share photos , watch HD videos , listen to music , play games , read ebooks and much more , all using iPad 's revolutionary Multi-Touch™ user interface .
iPad is 0.5 inches thin and weighs just 1.5 pounds - thinner and lighter than any laptop or netbook - and delivers up to 10 hours of battery life .*
Developers have created over 5,000 exciting new apps for iPad that take advantage of its Multi- Touch user interface , large screen and high - quality graphics .
iPad will run almost all of the more than 200,000 apps on the App Store , including apps already purchased for your iPhone® or iPod touch® .
* Battery life depends on device settings , usage and other factors .
Actual results vary .
Apple ignited the personal computer revolution with the Apple II , then reinvented the personal computer with the Macintosh .
Apple continues to lead the industry with its award - winning computers , OS X operating system , and iLife , iWork and professional applications .
Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store , has reinvented the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store , and has recently introduced its magical iPad which is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices .
Red Hat Enterprise Linux , now a staple in data centers of all shapes and sizes , enters its 9th year of availability this month with the announcement of version 6 .
The release is more than three years in the making .
Nick Carr , Red Hat 's marketing director , told NetworkWorld that RHEL6 is " setting the scene for the rest of the decade . "
Enterprise Linux is supported for seven years after release , so this will be the dominant version for the next 10 years .
Support for RHEL5 ends in March 2014 .
" From a technology viewpoint , we want customers and applications to have the same experience whether they 're deploying in a physical , virtual , or cloud environment , " said Carr .
Although cloud technologies are not integrated directly in RHEL6 today , Red Hat 's positioning of RHEL6 and emerging technology support of the Deltacloud API project leave little question that the company is betting big on cloud technology .
A slew of new features are aimed at improving consolidation and reducing the computing footprint .
Red
Hat focused on scalability for SMP systems with large CPU counts , reduced power consumption through kernel time - keeping improvements , better resource control , and reduced environmental impact .
In addition , changes to the storage subsystem now allow online resizing of multipath volumes with LVM .
Improvements have also been made to memory handling with KVM .
A new feature called kernel shared memory ( KSM ) allows the kernel to identify and share identical pages among guests .
When several guests of the same type and nature are running , this feature drops memory requirements , increasing consolidation ratios .
In RHEL5 , Red Hat introduced support for the Xen hypervisor .
However , the company moved to KVM with RHEL5 release 4 . RHEL version 6 will support only KVM , and a conversion tool will be available to help customers migrate from Xen guests .
When asked about changes to the current subscription model , Carr said that no final decisions have been made .
" It 's probable that there will be some changes to the subscription simply based on the demand and breadth of market that the product moves in . "
The Toonseum in Pittsburgh , PA is currently hosting the largest collection of art ever displayed from Katsuhiro Otomo 's 1988 anime classic Akira .
The exhibit only runs until July 18th , so grab your Capsule jacket and ride to the Steel City .
From Toonseum :
[ V]isitors of the ToonSeum of Pittsburgh will have a one of a kind opportunity to view the largest collection of AKIRA production art ever displayed to the public .
Culled from over 10,000 pieces or original production art from the private collection of guest curator Joe Peacock , The Art Of AKIRA promises to be an amazing experience for fanboys and first - timers alike .
The historic and artistic significance of AKIRA cannot be denied ; it was the pinnacle of cel animation .
Complete with a definitive orchestral score and professional voice actors , AKIRA was the most expensive animated film ever made when it was released in 1988 .
The film is a document of many animation firsts but is especially noteworthy for being one of the last completely hand - drawn cel - animated features produced before the rise of digital technology .
A collaboration of thousands of artists and thirteen Japanese production companies , this staggering adaptation has become one of the most universally praised films of all time and has inspired a revolution in animation still apparent over 20 years after its release .
The Art Of AKIRA celebrates these incredible achievements by giving viewers a fascinating tour of the making of this landmark film .
Microsoft Corp. introduced a family of cellphones tailored to young consumers , seeking to improve its fortunes in the mobile business through a device designed around social - networking features .
The two phones , dubbed Kin One and Kin Two , were designed by Microsoft with touch - sensing screens and slide - out physical keyboards .
They will be offered in the U.S. beginning in May by Verizon Wireless , the carrier owned by Verizon Communications Inc. and Vodafone Group PLC .
Vodafone will sell the devices in the fall in the U.K. , ...
More resources
Short version
Each lambda term folds its definition into its type , e.g , lambda ( x , x * x ) has the type Sum < Arg < A > , Arg < A > > , where A is the type of the meta-variable x .
Thus , everwhere the lambda term is applied , there is enough information for a template meta - program to unfold the type back into the body of the function .
Breaking it down
To understand how this works , let 's break down an example :
integrate ( lambda( x , x * x ) , 0.0 , 1.0 , 10000 ) ;
Passing anonymous functions as types
The prototype for the integrate function is :
template < typename F > static inline double integrate ( F f , double a , double b , int n ) ;
At this point , an experienced C++ progarmmer might be puzzled : the type of the function parameter ( F ) seems to be unrestricted .
In practice , the type we pass for this parameter will encode all of the information necessary to reconstruct the function we wish to invoke .
Since templates are expanded lazily , if we pass a type that does n't encode a function , we 'll get a compile - time error when it tries to inline it .
Calling anonymous functions
Peeking inside the function integrate , we get a glimpse at how this is done ; instead of a call to f( x ) , we see :
... Inline <F >::at( x ) ...
f
In fact , the compiler warns that the run-time parameteris n't even used !
( This is a good indication that whatever is happening , it 's happening at compile - time . )
So , clearly , Inline < F > is a template meta- program that reconstructs an expression equivalent to the function described by F , and the at static member function inlines this expression , with its argument in place of the function 's argument .
Constructing anonymous functions
To construct an anonymous function , we need to encode its definition as a type .
In compiler theory , it 's standard to encode an expression as a syntax tree .
So , we just need a way to encode syntax trees as types .
For now , we 'll assume all anonymous functions take only one argument ( this method generalizes to multiple arguments ) , and that it contains no free variables ( this method also generalizes to free variables ) .
We 'll use the base class Exp < T > to represent an expression with a syntax tree encoded as type T :
template < typename T > struct Exp { template < typename M> Prod< T , M> operator * ( M m ) ; template < typename M> Sum<T , M> operator + ( M m ) ; } ;
Note how the nested template member operator overloads for addition and multiplication preserve the structure of the computation in the resulting type .
So , if we have two expressions e1 and e2 whose types represent compile - time expressions , then the type of e1 + e1 represents a compile - time expression that computes their sum .
For our very simple demonstration language , we 'll restrict the domain - specific embedded language that describes anonymous functions to just arguments , sums , products and constants .
If you want do anything serious with this technique , you 'll probably want to enrich this language with more expression types first :
// Integer constant : template < int i> struct I : public Exp < I < i > > { static I < i > v ; } ; //
Function argument of type T : template < typename T > struct Arg : public Exp < Arg < T> > {} ; //
Sum of two expressions : template < typename R1 , typename R2 > struct Sum : public Exp < Sum < R1, R2 > > {} ; //
Product of two expressions : template < typename R1 , typename R2 > struct Prod : public Exp < Prod <R1,R2 > > {} ;
Clearly , we do n't need to define any member functions , since we 'll never actually be using instances of these types .
These types are compile - time data structures for a template meta-program .
Note that the base class of these expressions contains their own type as an argument .
This technique is what lets the overloaded operations in the base class work .
Putting it all together , we can create a compile - time anonymous function that squares its argument like so :
Arg < double > x ; // x is now a meta - parameter .
... lambda( x , x * x ) ... // has type Prod < Arg < double > , Arg< double > >
lambda
template < typename T , typename A > static inline T lambda ( A arg , T body ) { ( void ) arg ; ( void ) body ; return Dummy < T>:: value ; }
and , thefunction is just a syntactic placebo ; for single - argument anonymous functions , its role is aesthetic :
( If you allowed for multi-argument anonymous functions , the lambda would actually be necessary . )
Inlining anonymous functions
To unfold the definition of the function at its point of use requires a very basic C++ template meta-program .
C++ template meta- programs are , for the most part , just purely functional pattern - matching and term - rewriting systems .
Assuming that each compile - time anonymous function F is invoked as Inline < F > :: at( x ) , the following template meta - program inlines the function encoded in type F and then applies it to x ;
template < typename E > struct Inline { } ; //
Inline constants : template < int i > struct Inline < I < i > > { static inline int at ( int arg ) { ( void ) arg ; return i ; } } ; //
Inline arguments : template < typename X1 > struct Inline < Arg < X1 > > { static inline X1 at ( X1 arg ) { return arg ; } } ; //
Inline sums : template < typename E1 , typename E2 > struct Inline < Sum < E1 , E2 > > { template < typename A > static inline A at ( A arg ) { return Inline < E1 >:: at ( arg ) + Inline < E2 >:: at ( arg ) ; } } ; //
Inline products : template < typename E1 , typename E2 > struct Inline < Prod < E1 , E2 > > { template < typename A > static inline A at ( A arg ) { return Inline < E1 >:: at ( arg ) * Inline < E2 >:: at ( arg ) ; } } ;
Compiler notes
A key assumption in this demonstration is that the C++ compiler will obey the inline keyword .
Of course , C++ compilers are not required to do this , so it 's important to understand when they will .
In my own tests , g++ started inlining functions marked static inline at optimization levels - O2 and higher .
Glancing at the the x86 code generated for
double area = integrate ( lambda( x , x * x ) , 0.0 , 1.0 , 10000 ) ; printf ( " integrate : %f
" , area ) ;
main
L11 : movapd %xmm1 , %xmm0 mulsd %xmm1 , %xmm0 mulsd %xmm2 , %xmm0 addsd %xmm0 , % xmm3 incl %eax addsd % xmm2 , %xmm1 cmpl $ 10000 , %eax jne L11 movapd % xmm3 , % xmm0 leaq LC2 ( %rip ) , %rdi movl $ 1 , %eax call _printf
printf
main
Code
at - O2 , I found this sitting insideAs you can see , the only call is to , and the loop got inlined in
Download the full demo code .
As an exercise , you could extend it with a richer set of expressions in the DSEL .
A more exciting upgrade would be to thread the values of free variables through the run-time value of the anonymous function ; at present , this is just is a dummy - value that gets eliminated by the optimizer .
Then , you 'd have self - inlining anonymous closures !
The markets were initially unsettled by news that the French president had threatened to pull France out of the eurozone
Share prices have dropped across Europe and the euro has slid to an 18 - month low against the dollar on fears that the eurozone bailout of Greece will fail and reports that French president Nicolas Sarkozy threatened to pull his country out of the single currency altogether to force Germany to agree to the rescue plan .
The panic selling has been stoked by news that Spain 's underlying inflation rate turned negative in April for the first time on record , adding to fears that the country is facing a cash crunch .
By lunchtime the FTSE 100 index was down almost 100 points with indices across Europe in negative territory .
Frankfurt 's DAX index was down more than 1 % , Paris 's CAC - 40 index down 2.6 % and the IBEX 35 in Madrid down 4 % .
The ASE in Athens was down more than 3.0 % .
The euro , meanwhile , dropped down to $ 1.2432 , having been trading early in the day 0.3 % higher against the US currency .
Earlier in the day , the National Statistics Institute in Madrid said core consumer prices , which exclude energy and fresh food , fell 0.1 % from a year earlier , after rising 0.2 % in March .
Spain is in danger of missing the government 's target of a 1.8 % increase in GDP in 2011 which would have a knock - on effect on its plans to reduce its deficit , which stood at 11.2 % of GDP last year .
The markets were initially unsettled by news that the French president had threatened to pull France out of the eurozone .
The startling threat was made at a Brussels summit of EU leaders last Friday , at which the deal to bail out Greece was agreed , according to a report in El País newspaper quoting Spanish Prime Minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero .
Zapatero revealed details of the French threat at a closed - doors meeting of leaders from his Spanish Socialist Party on Wednesday .
Sarkozy demanded " a compromise from everyone to support Greece ... or France would reconsider its position in the euro , " according to one source cited by El País .
" Sarkozy went as far as banging his fist on the table and threatening to leave the euro , " said one unnamed Socialist leader who was at the meeting with Zapatero .
" That obliged Angela Merkel to bend and reach an agreement . "
A different source who was at the meeting with Zapatero told El País that " France , Italy and Spain formed a common front against Germany , and Sarkozy threatened Merkel with a break in the traditional Franco - German axis . "
El País also quotes Sarkozy as having said , according to another of those who met Zapatero , that " if at time like this , with all that is happening , Europe is not capable of a united response , then the euro makes no sense " .
Germany has been reluctant to act throughout the Greece crisis .
But the meeting in Brussels finally put together a € 110bn ( £ 94 bn ) rescue package .
The German government 's deputy spokeswoman , however , was quoted by Reuters as saying that the speculation that Sarkozy threatened to leave the euro is " without any basis " .
Only a day after @ PaulOBrien , the founder of MoDaCo.com , defeated HTC's new protection techniques and successfully rooted HTC Desire , he strikes again with a successful root of HTC Legend , using pretty much the same methods .
The hack is coming ASAP but for now we can all admire the following beauty in tweet form :
Update : a new tweet from Paul :
Update : full instructions now available !
Of course , we will update you when the details of the root become public .
In the meantime , feel free to monitor the official HTC Legend MoDaCo post ( which currently has no action yet ) .
Go Paul !
P.S. If you are not sure about the whole rooting business , head over right here where we 've already explained everything just for you .
' Explosive Elements ' Found in SUV Left in Times Square Propane , gun powder , timing device found in vehicle , police say .
May 1 , 2010  --
A suspected attempted bomber left an SUV containing what police called " explosive elements " in Times Square today , as the heart of New York City was packed with theater - goers and tourists .
" This is a bomb .
This is a car bomb .
A crude device that includes gasoline , propane and is wired together , " NYPD spokesman Paul Browne said .
" There were explosive elements , including powder , gasoline , propane and some kind of electrical wires attached to a clock , " Browne said .
" No motive has been identified . "
Browne said no one was in custody , but police were checking security cameras to see if they could identify a possible suspect .
A mounted police officer noticed a smoking box in the back of the vehicle , a Nissan Pathfinder that was parked in the vicinity of the intersection of 45th Street and 7th Avenue , at around 6:30 p.m. , police said .
The New York Police Department 's bomb squad was called in , and the back window of the SUV was broken out .
Police sent in a robot to determine what was in the vehicle .
While the bomb squad robot was checking out the vehicle , the NYPD quickly blocked off 44th through 48th Streets .
Inside the SUV , investigators found three propane cylinders , two five - gallon jerry cans of gasoline , a canister of powder , electrical components and timing device , police officials said .
There was no high - grade explosive , and the timing device was a clock attached to wires , police said .
Bomb techs from the FBI 's New York office were called to the scene to assist the NYPD Bomb Squad in the investigation .
Sources described the device as crude , and said it was more likely an incendiary device than an explosive one , but it was still being investigated late tonight .
The Pathfinder had a Connecticut or unmatched license plate and the vehicle identification number was partially obscured , police said .
Though police on the scene said the motive for the suspected attempted fire - bombing was unknown , but they described the incident as " the real deal . "
Shortly after 7:00 o'clock , witnesses told WABC - TV they heard an explosion , then saw smoke coming from the car .
" It was a boom and a puff of smoke , " one man said .
" I saw people running , turning tables , " Paula Delarrosa said .
A live Web cam feed at 46th Street and Broadway showed the streets had been cleared of pedestrians .
A line of police cars blocked one street and officers paced on a sidewalk .
In the hours that followed , Broadway remained empty .
" The police evacuated us , " Ruth , a visitor from Philadelphia , said .
" We ca n't get to our show , " said another tourist .
Times Square remained closed as police continued to investigate late Saturday night .
ABC News ' Aaron Katersky and Dean Schabner contributed to this report
If you ’re like me and you shudder to think of the store of personal information you ’ve inadvertently let loose online , you ’ll be happy to know that a few altruistic software programmers are on the case .
Four NYU students recently decided they ’d had enough of heavily centralized , corporate - minded social networking sites .
They took on the task of developing a social network to prove that online sharing and privacy should go hand in hand .
What they came up with was Diaspora .
Here ’s what the New York Times had to say about the team and its project :
( They ) intend to distribute the software free , and to make the code openly available so that other programmers can build on it .
As they describe it , the Diaspora software will let users set up their own personal servers , called seeds , create their own hubs and fully control the information they share .
Though the creators of Diaspora have not come right out and slammed Facebook , they have credited a talk by Eben Moglen , a professor of law at Columbia University , as the inspiration behind the project .
Mogden is no fan of Facebook or its creator , Mark Zuckerberg .
Here ’s a gem from Mogden ’s talk in New York City last February :
Mr. Zuckerberg has …done more harm to the human race than anybody else his age … [ H]e harnessed Friday night , that is , ‘ Everybody needs to get laid , ’ and turned into a structure for degenerating the integrity of human personality and he has to remarkable extent succeeded with a very poor deal , namely ‘ I will give you free web - hosting and some PHP doodads and you get spying for free all the time ’ .
Will Diaspora dismantle what Mogden calls “ a Panopticon built out of web parts ” ?
We wo n’t know that for sure until the software launches next September , but a few critics are n’t totally convinced .
Regardless of the speculation around its potential to effect mainstream change , Diaspora has generated a sturdy support base in a short time .
Thanks to media coverage and buzz from the blogosphere , Diaspora fundraised more than ten times its stated goal in two days .
At this point , Diaspora ’s Kickstarter account shows that more than 2500 backers have collectively put up over $ 100,000 to get the grassroots project underway .
While we wait for Facebook to be crushed by a user uprising , however , uh , maybe you ’d like to click the “ Like ” button at the top of this post ?
A friend of mine from home called me the other day to let me know that " some guys from the Internet " had purchased a prototype of the next iPhone from some guy who claims to have found it , and were parading it around TV shows and taking it apart for everyone to see .
My friend felt that it was probably wrong and asked what I thought .
I took a few minutes to read some of Gizmodo 's articles and came to the conclusion that when you buy something knowing full - well it belongs to someone else -- either a person or an organization -- and you know they probably want it back , yes , I would say that is wrong .
Not to mention opening it up and publishing trade secrets .
" You are looking at Apple 's next iPhone .
It was found lost in a bar in Redwood City , camouflaged to look like an iPhone 3GS .
We got it .
We disassembled it .
It 's the real thing , and here are all the details . "
Pardon me , but could someone who is participating in the same reality as myself tell me how this is NOT illegal ?
" But someone tried to contact Apple and they never responded ! "
Okay , sure .
They may have left a few voicemails , and then took a pry-bar to the phone .
I heard Osama Bin Laden tried calling the White House on 9/10 but they never returned his call so he figured it was cool .
Big deal .
On top of that , every bedwetting nerd and dope in the Bay Area knows Apple 's based in Cupertino , and exactly how to find directions using Google Maps .
If returning the device was truly Gizmodo 's concern , they could 've dropped it off with the receptionist and called it a day .
Or , wait , maybe this blog organization admittedly paid some shady guy $ 5 K knowing this device was confidential property and intended to do an expose from the start , totally scooping the identical dog and pony show across the street , Engadget .
Wow , that almost seems too logical , and illegal to boot !
" But do n't journalists have a responsibility to be journalists ?
Information was meant to be free ! "
Except journalism is reporting on a story , not making yourself into a story .
This would 've been a neat Gizmodo piece : " Some retard swiped an iPhone prototype at a bar and called us up trying to sell it .
We were like ' Yeah , cool , what 's your number ? ' and then we called the fucking FBI because nobody in their right mind would even consider running their business like that .
More reviews of fart apps after the jump . '
Journalism also does not involve hyping your crime up for several days afterward as the story of the century , bragging about it over several articles in a nauseatingly puerile , self - congratulatory fashion .
This shit reads like a high school newspaper that just discovered evidence that the principal wears a toupee .
Another thing not usually involved in journalism , at least in the first world , is practically live - blogging the confiscation of your computers as if you 're about to be some kind of political prisoner .
The only thing Gawker Media is a prisoner of ( at the moment , anyway ) is a ridiculous , childlike perception of the world in which they became Invincible Internet Heroes for pulling the mysterious curtain off a product several weeks before its debut .
As of this writing , Gizmodo 's big defense seems to be that the search warrant used to remove Gizmodo 's computers " was invalid under section 1524 ( g ) of the California Penal Code " .
Essentially saying " Journalist !
Ca n't bust us for doing journalism ! "
Tom 's Guide :
The search warrant , issued by a Superior Court judge in San Mateo County , alleges that the devices owned by Jason Chen may have been used in a felony .
However Gawker Media 's Nick Denton believes that California law - - which protects journalists from turning over anonymous sources or unpublished material to law enforcement during a search -- also applies to Chen 's personal property .
The big question at the moment is what defines the online writer : are they journalists , or are they bloggers ?
" I guess we 'll find out , " Denton told the AP .
Well , Nick Denton , your name suggests you might be a 1940 's rogue private eye , as well as your understanding of the conventions of law .
Frankly folks , this man is a dumbass and someone who might be described as " a real piece of work " .
Regardless of the fact that Nick " Puddin ' Face " Denton has bragged about paying an anonymous shady man for the prototype iPhone , I would argue time and time again , until the last disgusting breath leaves my horrible body , that bloggers are generally not real journalists .
Some are , but it 's very rare , and those people are extremely talented and dedicated .
Remember that episode of Salute Your Shorts where Sponge and that greasy new guy ran a newspaper ?
They were bloggers .
That 's what a blog is , except it's on the Internet and somehow more pathetic than that one from the show .
Just because Gawker Media has money and employees does not make their operation any more valid than a weird guy on Facebook drunkenly writing messages about every girl he ever liked .
It 's the same thing .
Journalists have merit and credibility .
Gawker Media resorted to a tactic most would define as thuggery in order to produce a news story from relatively nothing , and , like myself , should not ever consider themselves journalists .
– Jon " @fart " Hendren ( @fart )
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Google
Inc said its fleet of cars responsible for photographing streets around the world have for several years accidentally collected personal information -- which a security expert said could include email messages and passwords -- sent by consumers over wireless networks .
A camera used for Google street view is pictured at the CeBIT computer fair in Hanover March 2 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Christian Charisius
The company said on Friday that it is currently reaching out to regulators in the relevant countries , which include the United States , Germany , France , Brazil and Hong Kong in China , about how to dispose of the data , which Google said it never used .
“ It ’s now clear that we have been mistakenly collecting samples of payload data from open ( i.e. non-password - protected ) WiFi networks , ” Google Senior VP of Engineering and Research Alan Eustace said in a post on Google ’s official blog on Friday .
For Google , whose Internet search engine handles more than two - thirds of all web searches in the U.S. , the snafu could mark an embarrassing blow to its reputation as a trusted custodian of consumers ’ personal information .
And the revelation comes at a time of increasing concern among consumers and regulators about the way that Web sites handle users ’ personal information .
Last month , four United States Senators sent a letter to Facebook , the world ’s largest Internet social network , expressing concern about recent changes to the service and the company ’s privacy practices .
Marcia Hofmann , a senior staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation , said the fact that Google collected the data by accident would probably protect the company from liability under the federal wiretap law , which prohibits unauthorized access of communications .
“ To violate the law requires that the interception was intentional , ” said Hofmann .
But she noted that she did not know how Google might fare under laws in other countries and said she thought it was possible that some countries might step up regulatory scrutiny of Google ’s privacy practices in the wake of the incident
A Google spokesperson said the Street View cars have been collecting the information since 2006 in more than 30 countries .
Google did not specify what kind of data the high - tech cars collected , but a security expert said that email content and passwords for many users , as well as general Web surfing activity , could easily have been caught in Google ’s dragnet .
“ The bottom line is a lot of personal content is definitely available in open WiFi hotspots , ” said Steve Gibson , the president of Internet security services firm Gibson Research Corp .
He noted that most non-Web based email products , based on the POP and IMAP standards , do not encrypt log - in information or the messages people send .
And he said that Google ’s own web email product , Gmail , has only in recent months encrypted the email messages that users send after their initial sign - on , which has been encrypted .
Google ’s Street View cars are well known for crisscrossing the globe and taking panoramic pictures of the city streets , which the company displays in its online Maps product .
Collecting the WiFi data was unrelated to the Google Maps project , and was done instead so that Google could collect data on WiFi hotspots that can be used to provide separate location - based services .
But Google apparently thought it was only collecting a limited type of WiFi data relating to the WiFi network ’s name and router numbers .
Google said the collection of the additional , so - called payload data was a simple mistake resulting from a piece of computer code that was accidentally included from an experimental project .
Google said it became aware of the mistake in the past week , shortly after telling a German regulator that it was not collecting such information .
“ As soon as we became aware of this problem , we grounded our Street View cars and segregated the data on our network , which we then disconnected to make it inaccessible , ” Google ’s Eustace said , noting that Google was reviewing its procedures and retaining a third - party to audit the software at issue and the data that was gathered .
Google noted that only “ fragments ” of information were collected , since the cars were always on the move .
And the cars -- equipped with WiFi equipment that automatically change radio channels five times a second -- did not collect information traveling over secure , password - protected wireless networks , Google said .
Going forward , Google said the cars will no longer collect any WiFi data .
“ The engineering team at Google works hard to earn your trust - and we are acutely aware that we failed badly here , ” wrote Eustace .
The upcoming massively multiplayer online game LEGO Universe will be available for pre-order from the LEGO Shop on May 14 ( which is probably now ) .
Pre-ordering the game will apparently get you a unique minifig , along with a code to unlock that minifig in the game .
The free Hulu you know , with the last five episodes of most sponsored shows available for streaming , with ads , will still exist .
But Hulu looks to be pushing Hulu Plus , a $ 10 per month archive access plan , as early as late May .
Advertisement
That 's according to the Los Angeles Times , which cites " people with knowledge of the plans " as saying that Hulu will offer access to the older episodes of many shows for $ 9.95 per month .
No word on whether that access will also launch with support for streaming on certain devices , though there 's already an Android phone purported to have a Hulu app , and an iPad app on the way , one that will presumably make use of that $ 9.95 / month subscription plan .
Now that Hulu 's got a plan to make money beyond an admittedly narrow advertising offering , perhaps the streaming service can ease back on restricting devices that only want to TV - size their content .
A paid subscription at Hulu has been rumbled about for some time now , but by keeping the free access , Hulu has a chance to win over both casual oops - missed - Glee - last - night viewers , along with those who are eager to scale back , or entirely cut , their cable access .
Advertisement
Hulu pushes forward with $ 9.95 subscription service [ Los Angeles Times via Gizmodo ]
Wanna be the first to hear about new stuff ?
Register your interest now and we ’ll keep you posted .
Let me start off our discussion of doing game session post - mortems with some definitions :
Retrospective : contemplative of past situations ( dictionary.com )
Insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results ( Albert Einstein )
Kaizen : a Japanese philosophy that focuses on continuous improvement throughout all aspects of life ( wikipedia.org )
The goal of many Campaign Mastery readers is to level - up their game .
That means one part ongoing GMing improvements , one part helping players be better , and one part tweaking the group itself .
Post mortems involve reflecting on past game sessions to spot ways to improve your game , and are an awesome tool in your GM toolbox .
Just the act of thinking about how a game session played out , and documenting observations , is guaranteed to help , assuming you take follow - up action .
Rather than letting coincidence lead to improvement , such as an impromptu discussion about the game with a player you bump into at the grocery store , post mortems are reliable , purposeful , and predictable tools .
You initiate them as you see fit , and the situation of improvement - by - chance is overtaken by improvement - on - purpose , which is faster , easier , and more effective in the long run .
A good post mortem involves asking insightful questions , taking an objective look at the past , and recording your observations .
At the same time , you can also note ideas for how to improve things .
Alternatively , you can make all your observations first then go into a problem - solving second stage , whatever works best for you .
Here are a few tips for running successful game post mortems .
At the end are a few questions to help you do a game session self - post mortem .
Focus on what you can change – yourself
Of the three people - oriented dynamics in a game – the game master , the players , and the group – the only one you can be sure of changing is yourself .
The number one help request email I receive at RoleplayingTips.com is about dealing with problem players .
How can I make a player roleplay better ?
How can I make players behave better ?
How can I make the group enjoy my style of GMing ?
Please realize you can only control your GMing and yourself .
You can influence players and the group dynamic in many ways , but you ca n’t force the change .
You can lead a horse to water , but you ca n’t make him drink , especially if it was in that Clint Eastwood movie where the bad guys had poisoned the pond .
Err , I think that ’s how that saying goes .
So , tip number one is to set an expectation with post mortems that you can use them to change yourself , and if you can make a positive change in players or the group , that ’s a great bonus , but not essential .
Lead by example
The biggest influence you can have on players taking an interest in self - improvement and levelling up gameplay is to lead by example .
Demonstrate improvement in your own game mastering .
Perform post mortems on yourself .
Document .
Ask for feedback .
Make efforts to become a better game master .
As GMing is a set of skills ( a large set ) you are guaranteed to achieve Kaizen if you put effort into it .
Once players see how you are improving , how post mortems are helping , they might be inspired to follow suit .
Once the group sees how you treat game mastering as a craft , something to master over time and with practice , your players might reflect upon the skills of being super players , for that is a craft to master as well .
Then , if one or two players decide to take an interest in improving their game , they might inspire others at your table .
Rather than beating your group with a stick , harsh words , or sharp dice , focus on improving yourself , and lead by example .
Be patient .
Take great satisfaction in your own progress , and hope that others become inspired and motivated to level - up as well .
Method 1 : Do a post mortem on yourself
It ’s tempting when looking back at game sessions to find things wrong with the players , the adventure , the rules , the game environment , and so on .
This might be true .
We are critical thinkers .
We can find room for improvement in everything .
However , based on time invested versus reward , you will become a better GM faster by focusing on yourself .
For example :
What did you do to prepare for last session ?
How did that pay off , or did it ?
How did you react to various behaviours , situations , events and developments last session ?
How were you as Master of Ceremonies ?
How were you at rules refereeing ?
How were your descriptions ?
How well were you organized ?
Method 2 : Try a group post mortem after the game
If you think your group is up for it , do post mortems with them for a few minutes after game sessions .
Have a short list of questions ready , if you want to target specific issues , or just launch with an open - ended question , such as “ How do you feel the session went tonight ? ” and see what conversation ensues .
Take notes .
Try to objectively , and dispassionately , record group comments .
Often you ’ll superimpose your own language or slant on comments as you transcribe .
It ’s better to record exact feedback , then do interpretation afterwards .
Do n’t hesitate to follow - up with anyone if your notes are unclear or you want more detail on a comment made .
This method can be bumpy .
You must be gracious and non-judgemental about accepting feedback .
Communication , the core of this method , is always tricky , especially for folks who might not be the best communicators .
Be aware that words and tone might not come out as intended .
Just smile , record , and look for the spirit of the feedback .
A benefit of group post mortems is that the idea of improvement becomes a group awareness thing .
While participation is optional , it ’s a great way to get players to reflect on their own gaming skills , should they choose .
Method 3 : Do post mortems with players between sessions
Some people , myself included , do better providing feedback one - on - one .
If you are wanting to get player feedback about your GMing as part of your post mortem process , then consider doing one - on - ones with some or all players between sessions .
In - person , perhaps over coffee , is the best method .
Voice chat is the next best option .
A distant third is text chat – there are too many ambiguities and communication issues with email , IM , and other text - based communication for it to be highly effective , but it can complement in - person or voice , or it can be a last resort when needed .
As with group post mortems , have some specific questions prepared , or just start with an open - ended question .
Record objectively .
To do list : make a single list of issues , update progress
Once you ’ve got observations recorded , make a list of all your interpretations and ideas for fixes or tweaks .
Best case is to number each observation you want to address , then use the same number for your to do list .
Use letters to identify specific ideas or actions if there is more than one per observation .
Right now , with your post mortem notes , what you ’ve got is observations .
Any ideas for solutions , changes , or improvements are just theories based on your interpretations of observations .
You can get lost in the details of improvement , and the first principle of self - improvement is to always go back to your source , to test assumptions , to make sure you ’re on the right vector before even starting to play with solutions .
By tracking your theories to their source observations with a number code , you can reflect back after trying an improvement .
Steven Covey , Mr. Seven Habits , tells a story about a bunch of dudes chopping through trees .
They get lost .
One dude climbs a tree to look around .
A dude from the ground asks , “ Are we headed in the right direction ? ”
The dude in the tree says , “ We ’re in the wrong forest ! ”
Well , it goes something like that . :)
Before you aim at specific trees , re-check your post mortem notes to make sure you ’re even in the right forest .
Never fear to go back to the source of the observation and confirm the facts or reinterpret before getting to solutions .
Was your observation correct – did you record it verbatim or correctly ?
That ’s the first thing I ’d check before criticizing a solution that failed or fell flat .
Here ’s another story .
I know someone with high cholesterol .
Their doctor gives them pills to help lower it .
The pills cause side effects .
My friend goes back to their doctor and gets another set of pills to deal with the side effects .
Those pills help but cause new side effects .
A third trip wins my friend a third set of pills .
Apparently , the strategy is to brew the right chemical cocktail to balance everything out .
I ’m no expert , but I think my friend should find a doctor who talks about diet , exercise , and some natural remedies .
The point is , though , that GMs can get trapped into forever curing symptoms caused by efforts to cure previous symptoms .
So , it ’s always recommended to return periodically to the source – the observations and interpretations – before trying to fix multiple levels of solutions that might not be dealing with the main issue .
Do this by numbering each observation and interpretation in your notes , and using that unique number for your to do list of actions , tweaks , and research .
As you build up your to do list , reflect on it between sessions .
Avoid having multiple to do lists lying around .
This will get confusing .
Just maintain one list .
Feel free to record your post mortems and ideas in various places , but keep your list , which is your ongoing action plan , in one place .
As you try things , do post mortems on those .
Use your numbering system so you can trace observations > interpretations > to do list items > attempted improvements > follow - up observations > interpretations > revised to do list items .
This might sound like a lot of work , but it is n’t .
Explaining out the steps just makes things seem complicated .
What you ’re doing is identifying an opportunity to improve and tracking how you are getting on with that .
For example , you recorded one player as saying combats are too long .
Knee - jerk interpretation might be the game rules suck .
So , you add in house rules .
You might reduce hit points of foes by half , maybe .
Then you play again .
How did that go ?
Were combats still too long ?
There are a hundred reasons why combats might be too long .
Heck , even that ’s an assumption .
Could be the combat is n’t too long , it just feels like it ’s long .
What if you become 25 % better at combat descriptions to engage and entertain players better each round and encourage them to roleplay better in combat as well .
This might make hour - long combats feel like half - hour combats , even though the clock measures the same amount of time .
Remember how long a minute is depending on whether you ’re pacing outside the bathroom door dying to get in ….
What worked well ?
It ’s easy being a critic .
“ Everyone ’s a critic , ” I believe , is a common criticism .
Make a point to note the positive things of your games and your GMing .
Looking through the lens of problems all the time will get you down .
Tracking improvement is motivational .
So is tracking the good things about your games .
At the very least , you can make a list of successes you should try to repeat – create a recipe of success so you know what to keep on doing .
Next post mortem , slip in the question , What went well ? ” Record .
Congratulate yourself .
Keep doing that .
Look to change structure , not the end results themselves
This tip is a tricky one .
A Roleplaying Tips reader , Aki , pointed me to a great book called the Fifth Discipline by Peter Senge .
It discusses Systems Thinking .
For the purposes of this article , systems thinking is looking at how things actually work during game sessions and addressing the true causes of problems , and identifying improvements that will have a real impact .
If you look at the structure of something , you can understand it , whether it ’s a bridge , a process , or a relationship .
With this understanding , you can reveal the true causes of issues and address those , instead of just treating the symptoms , or fixing the wrong things altogether .
Could be cholesterol is a result of a trans - fatty diet .
Fix that and there ’s no need for pills that fix pills that fix pills for the symptom of high cholesterol .
For example , one of your players might be a poor roleplayer .
He always states his actions out of context , with nary a word of description , in - character personality , or flair .
One approach might be to think up a bunch of remedies .
Maybe have a chat with him , or encourage him to roleplay , or send him a bunch of roleplaying tips and articles .
Or …. you could look at the structure of things .
What ’s the actual chain of events that happens with this player ?
Perhaps the player sits next to you each session .
On his turn he states his action .
He usually goes first , because he ’s on your left .
Then everyone else takes their turn .
With this simple example , the structure reveals some interesting possibilities .
Is the player scared of going first ?
Being first to declare actions carries a bit of responsibility and is sometimes risky .
Perhaps the player is intimidated by going first all the time due to the unfortunate seating arrangement .
Perhaps the player is intimidated by sitting beside the GM ?
Due to bad seating the first session , and the human habit of sitting in the same place as last time , the player got stuck with a permanent seat beside you .
Could be the player is being bullied .
So , he wants his turn over quick without much spotlight .
Could be the bully is you ?
Maybe you are always correcting the player ?
Maybe , in trying to help , you always offer corrections or hints the player should change his action .
This has eroded the player ’s confidence .
All this is hypothetical .
And Fifth Discipline does a much better job than I am at showing how to see the structure of things so you can break negative feedback loops and get to the heart of matters .
Post mortem sample questions
Here are a few questions to get you going on your post mortems :
How did you feel last session went ?
What were your favourite parts of last session ?
What were your least favourite parts ?
Were you ever tired or “ out of it ” last session ?
When ?
Were you ever distracted , causing poor GMing ?
What were the circumstances ?
When did the players seem most engaged ?
When did the players seem least engaged ?
What did you observe to make you think players were not engaged ?
Describe the session ’s pacing .
What was happening in the game and at the game table during high and low points ?
How did you prepare for the session ?
How well did the preparation serve you for the session ?
How did the session end – or a low or high note ?
Why ?
Light or thorough , both are good
How you want to handle post - session analysis is up to you .
You can go through a formal post mortem process , using the tips above .
You can also just quickly jot a few notes for improvement and see what works over time .
You could blog out each session , or leave it all in your head .
Both approaches – light and thorough – have pros and cons .
It just matters that you are thinking about how to improve your craft and are trying and learning new things all the time .
The mainstream media loves to spill ink hyping the allegation that marijuana causes mental illness , particularly schizophrenia .
In fact , it was in March when international media outlets declared that cannabis use ‘ doubled ’ one ’s risk of developing the disease .
Yet when research appears in scientific journals rebuking just this sort of ‘ reefer madness , ’ it generally goes unreported .
Such is the case with a pair of just - published studies slated to appear in the journal Schizophrenia Research .
The first study , conducted by a team of researchers at various New York state hospitals , the Yale University School of Medicine , and the National Institutes of Mental Health assessed whether there exists a causal association between cannabis use and the age of onset of psychosis in patients hospitalized for the first time for an episode of schizophrenia .
Despite previous media claims to the contrary , researchers concluded :
“ Although the onset of cannabis use disorder preceded the onset of illness in most patients , our findings suggest that age at onset of psychosis was not associated with cannabis use disorders .
Previous studies implicating cannabis use disorders in schizophrenia may need to more comprehensively assess the relationship between cannabis use disorders and schizophrenia , and take into account the additional variables that we found associated with cannabis use disorders . ”
A separate study slated for publication in the same journal assessed the cognitive skills of schizophrenic patients with a history of cannabis use compared to non-users .
Authors reported that patients with a history of marijuana use “ demonstrated significantly better performance on measures of processing speed , verbal fluency , and verbal learning and memory ” compared to abstainers .
Marijuana use was also associated with better overall GAF ( Global Assessment of Functioning ) scores compared to those of non-users .
Authors concluded : “ The results of the present analysis suggest that ( cannabis use ) in patients with SZ ( schizophrenia ) is associated with better performance on measures of processing speed and verbal skills .
These data are consistent with prior reports indicating that SZ patients with a history of CUD ( cannabis use disorders ) have less severe cognitive deficits than SZ patients without comorbid CUD . …
The present findings also suggest that CUD in patients with SZ may not differentially affect the severity of illness as measured by clinical symptomatology . ”
Both study ’s findings are in line with previous ( though virtually unreported ) research indicating that marijuana is unlikely to instigate incidences of schizophrenia in the general population , that cannabis use among patients with the disease is associated with higher cognitive function , and that at least some schizophrenics find subjective relief from symptoms of the illness by using pot .
Nonetheless , odds are the nobody from the mainstream media will be champing at the bit to report on them .
Bottom line : marijuana ’s complex relationship with schizophrenia is far from understood , and likely wo n’t be for some time .
But that does n’t give the MSM a free pass to only promote one side of the story .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
“ For me this is all about jobs and creating conditions in which small businesses will start hiring , ’’ he said .
Patrick has also filed legislation that would allow regulators to review contracts between insurers and health care providers , and yesterday he called on hospitals and doctors to help control costs .
During a meeting with 10 small - business owners at Chelsea Clock Co. yesterday , Patrick said escalating health care costs have crippled many companies .
For now , premium rates established last year remain in effect .
Because insurers send out bills four to six weeks in advance of the date policies take effect , companies or individuals that already made the new , higher payments will receive a refund or a credit from insurers .
Insurers proposed base rate increases averaging 8 percent to 32 percent for hundreds of separate products , offering different mixes of benefit designs , copays , and deductibles .
On top of overall base rates , insurers often add extra costs for each business , adjusting for such things as geography , industry , and the size and age of a workforce .
That can drive rates up significantly .
The rates were to have taken effect yesterday for thousands of businesses and individuals in the so - called small group market .
That group , created by the state ’s 2006 universal health care law , combines businesses employing up to 50 people with sole proprietors and self - employed people who previously bought insurance on their own or were uninsured .
Insurance Commissioner Joseph G. Murphy found that most of the base rates proposed by state health plans were “ unreasonable relative to the benefits provided , ’’ according to a statement issued by the agency .
“ Costs will double in four years if it keeps going on the same trend , ’’ said Dennis Franson , whose two - person investment firm in Woburn was facing an 18 percent rate increase .
“ That ’s unsustainable . ’’
But small businesses applauded the rejection of higher premiums , saying they can’t continue to endure rapidly escalating insurance bills , especially after the long economic downturn .
“ We share the concern about rising health costs , but we do n’t think government price controls will solve the problem , ’’ said Jay McQuaide , vice president at Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Massachusetts , the state ’s largest health insurer .
Insurers said it would usher in an era of price controls , and vowed to appeal to the state or through the courts — a process that could drag on for months .
The rulings , following a review process set in motion by emergency regulations Patrick filed in February , mark the first time the state has used its authority to turn down health premium increases .
The action immediately sent ripples through the state health care industry .
Making good on Governor Deval Patrick ’s promise to reject health insurance rate increases deemed excessive , the state Division of Insurance yesterday denied 235 of 274 increases proposed by insurers for plans covering individuals and small businesses .
“ Health care providers do n’t have to wait for a change in the law , ’’ he said .
“ They can engage right now . ’’
Under the emergency regulations invoked by Patrick , insurers were required to submit proposed increases — along with actuarial data — 30 days before their effective date so they could be reviewed by Insurance Division staffers and consultants .
In the past , the carriers simply notified the division of rate increases on the day they took effect .
The Insurance Division , in letters to carriers , outlined reasons for the rate rejections .
Among them were rate proposals that are significantly above the medical consumer price index — a consumer health care spending measure estimated at 4.8 percent — and proposals that failed to explain how insurers set different reimbursement rates .
Several proposals , including those from for - profit , out - of - state insurers such as Aetna , ConnectiCare , and United HealthCare , were approved after the companies worked with Insurance Division staffers on ways to reduce costs .
Some of those approved called for increases above 4.8 percent , but insurers offered data justifying the increases , according to the state .
Insurers whose rates were rejected — most of which posted operating losses for 2009 due to job cuts at companies they sell plans to — received yesterday ’s decision with anger .
“ We ’re very disappointed , ’’ said McQuaide at Blue Cross - Blue Shield .
“ The rates we filed reflect expected medical costs of members buying our products .
And we were surprised the disapprovals had no actuarial opinions , suggesting this was an arbitrary decision . ’’
Lora Pellegrini , president of the Massachusetts Association of Health Plans , said her group was weighing all administrative and legal options with its members , which include nonprofits such as Harvard Pilgrim Health Care , Tufts Health Plan , and Fallon Community Health Plan .
“ If we ’re not going to be allowed to have our prices cover our costs , that will be a problem for the whole industry , ’’ she said .
But Jon B. Hurst , president of the Retailers Association of Massachusetts , which represents 3,100 retailers and restaurants , said the rejections were justified .
“ It ’s welcome news on Main Street , ’’ Hurst said .
“ They ’re not hiring , and they ’re seeing double - digit health premium increases every year .
The real message is that a line in the sand has been drawn .
And big health care in the state has got to get out of its alternative universe . ’’
Insurers have up to 15 days to request appeal hearings at the Insurance Division , Murphy said in an interview .
Such public hearings would be complex , lasting from a few days to a week .
They would examine rate increases proposed for various products , and hearing officers would have 30 days to make their rulings .
If the appeals are rebuffed , insurers can go to Superior Court .
Carriers also have the option of filing new rate requests with more modest increases , which would require a 30 - day review .
As of now , however , the old rates remain in effect , and insurers must honor the plans they sold .
Several health care industry officials said that as a result of the state ’s stance , insurers will probably take a tougher position with hospitals and other health care providers when current contracts expire , in an effort to limit reimbursements .
“ The insurers have made it clear that if [ the rate rejections are upheld ] , this is going to have a negative effect on providers , ’’ said Peter K. Markell , vice president of finance at Partners HealthCare Systems Inc. , the Boston hospital system that owns Massachusetts General and Brigham and Women ’s hospitals .
“ And I think you ’re going to see a lot of pushback from providers . ’’
But others said state officials would have to freeze or reduce fees charged by hospitals and doctors — not just premiums — if they are serious about easing the burden on small businesses .
“ Simply capping the premium rates of insurers does n’t address the issue of health care cost escalation , ’’ said Richard Lord , president of Associated Industries of Massachusetts , the state ’s largest employer group .
“ In the short - term , you just ca n’t look at premiums .
You have to look at underlying medical costs . ’’
Robert Gavin and Noah Bierman of the Globe staff contributed to this story .
Robert Weisman can be reached at weisman@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
( CNN ) --
Police were searching for a wildlife medical dart off the coast of New York on Friday after an unsuccessful attempt to euthanize a beached baby humpback whale Thursday night , according to East Hampton Village Police Chief Jerry Larsen .
The dart bounced off the whale and ricocheted into the Atlantic Ocean .
Larsen said Friday afternoon that the dart is encased in stainless steel but that it could pose a serious danger to swimmers in the months ahead .
" We 're sending divers ... to retrieve the needle as soon as the surf dies down , " Larsen said .
Police also closed the area of beach , saying the dart might wash ashore .
The whale was found on Main Beach in East Hampton on Tuesday and was deemed too sick to save , according to Charles Bowman , president of the Long Island - based Riverhead Foundation for Marine Research and Preservation .
" The whale was debilitated , " Bowman said .
" It was a thin and a young juvenile still dependent on its mother and could n't survive on its own . "
By Friday , the whale was unable to free itself from the beach , and Bowman 's foundation advised the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration that it was appropriate to euthanize the whale .
" It 's heartbreaking for us .
We 're used to saving animals , getting them back in the ocean , " Bowman said .
" It 's just one of these situations that there 's just no chance for it , [ and we are ] trying to get people to recognize that . "
A NOAA official shot and killed the whale Friday morning .
By Jody Bourton
Earth News reporter
Not so fierce after all ?
The world 's largest invertebrate is not a fast and voracious predator as previously thought , say scientists .
The colossal squid , a creature once linked to maritime myth and feared as a sea monster , is really a slow drifting animal that ambushes unwitting prey .
That conclusion was reached by studying the physiology and feeding habits of other deep sea species and scaling up to the colossal squid 's huge size .
Rarely seen , the elusive ocean giant is thought to reach up to 15 m long .
Researchers reveal their findings in the Journal of the Marine Biological Association of the United Kingdom .
The colossal squid is not a voracious predator capable of high - speed predator - prey interactions
Dr Rui Rosa , University of Lisbon , Lisbon , Portugal
The colossal squid ( Mesonychoteuthis hamiltoni ) is thought to roam in the deep waters of the Southern Ocean .
Rarely seen alive or dead , little is known about its way of life .
Estimates vary , but it is thought to measure 15 m in length with a large dome - shaped mantle .
It also has long tentacles and arms containing swivelling hooks used to grapple and maul prey .
A recent specimen studied had eyes approximately 27 cm ( 11in ) across , believed to be the largest animal eye yet discovered .
The ' kraken '
Its large size and predatory nature fuelled the ancient myth of the underwater " kraken " seamonster and modern speculation that the colossal squid must be aggressive and fast , attributes that allow it to prey on fish and even give sperm whales a hard time .
MORE ABOUT SQUID
Squid are predatory molluscs known as cephalopods : keep up with the latest videos , facts and news about them here Squid and octopus can hear , scientists discovered last year , resolving a centuries - long debate
Yet as the creature is seldom encountered let alone studied , there are no direct measurements of the colossal squid 's behaviour .
So instead , the team used a set of routine metabolic rates for other deep - sea squid species and extrapolated the data to match the colossal squid 's size .
They also factored into their calculations the cold temperature of the Southern Ocean the squid inhabits .
" The understanding of the mode of life of the colossal squid is a significant event in the ongoing investigation of enigmatic large animals of the ocean , " says Dr Rui Rosa from the University of Lisbon in Portugal , who undertook the study with Dr Brad Seibel from the University of Rhode Island , Kingston , US .
The colossal squid grows heavier and probably longer than the giant squid " In this paper we present the first estimates of the metabolic and energetic demands of this cold - water deep - sea giant . "
The researchers calculations reveal the colossal squid survives on only a small amount of prey .
" Our findings demonstrate that the colossal squid has a daily energy consumption 300 - fold to 600 - fold lower than those of other similar - sized top predators of the Southern Ocean , such as baleen and toothed whales , " says Dr Rosa .
Recent studies have previously identified chemical variants known as isotopes in colossal squid specimens which have revealed large fish , notably Antarctic toothfish as its main prey .
SOURCES
Access the research paper about the colossal squid 's slow pace of life
This study reveals a single 5kg Antarctic toothfish would provide enough nourishment for a 500 kg colossal squid to survive for 200 days .
It is thought the cold temperature in which the squid lives affects its metabolic rate .
That reduces the amount of prey it must take in relative to animals such as whales that live higher in the water and generate their own body heat .
Different animal
The result is the colossal squid is not the creature once thought .
Swiveling hooks on a tentacle of the colossal squid " The colossal squid is not a voracious predator capable of high - speed predator - prey interactions , " says Dr Rosa .
" It is rather , an ambush or sit - and - float predator that uses the hooks on its arms and tentacles to ensnare prey that unwittingly approach . "
The team also suggest that the colossal squid 's huge eyes do not help it hunt , but instead help it detect and avoid predators of its own in the deep dark waters where it lives .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sleeping newborns are better learners than thought , says a University of Florida researcher about a study that is the first of its type .
The study could lead to identifying those at risk for developmental disorders such as autism and dyslexia .
" We found a basic form of learning in sleeping newborns , a type of learning that may not be seen in sleeping adults , " said Dana Byrd , a research affiliate in psychology at UF who collaborated with a team of scientists .
The findings give valuable information about how it is that newborns are able to learn so quickly from the world , when they sleep for 16 to 18 hours a day , Byrd said .
" Sleeping newborns are better learners , better ' data sponges ' than we knew , " she said .
In order to understand how newborns learn while in their most frequent state , Byrd and her colleagues tested the learning abilities of sleeping newborns by repeating tones that were followed by a gentle puff of air to the eyelids .
After about 20 minutes , 24 of the 26 babies squeezed their eyelids together when the tone was sounded without the puff of air .
" This methodology opens up research areas into potentially detecting high risk populations , those who show abnormalities in the neural systems underlying this form of learning , " she said .
" These would include siblings of individuals with autism and siblings of those with dyslexia . "
The research team 's paper , published online this week in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , describes the results of their experiment with the 1 - or 2 - day - old infants , comparing them with a control group using EEG and video recordings .
The brain waves of the 24 infants were found to change , providing a neural measurement of memory updating .
advertisement
" While past studies find this type of learning can occur in infants who are awake , this is the first study to document it in their most frequent state , while they are asleep , " Byrd said .
" Since newborns sleep so much of the time , it is important that they not only take in information but use the information in such a way to respond appropriately . "
Not only did the newborns show they can learn to give this reflex in response to the simple tone , but they gave the response at the right time , she said .
Learned eyelid movement reflects the normal functioning of the circuitry in the cerebellum , a neural structure at the base of the brain .
This study 's method potentially offers a unique non-invasive tool for early identification of infants with atypical cerebellar structure , who are potentially at risk for a range of developmental disorders , including autism and dyslexia , she said .
The capacity of infants to learn during sleep contrasts with some researchers ' stance that learning new material does not take place in sleeping adults , Byrd said .
The immature nature of sleep patterns in infants could help explain why , she said .
" Newborn infants ' sleep patterns are quite different than those of older children or adults in that they show more active sleep where heart and breathing rates are very changeable , " she said .
" It may be this sleep state is more amenable to experiencing the world in a way that facilitates learning . "
Another factor is that infants ' brains have greater neural plasticity , which is the ability for the neural connections to be changed , Byrd said .
" Newborns may be very adaptive to learning in general simply because their brains have increased plasticity , increased propensity to be changed by experience , " she said .
Byrd collaborated with William Fifer , Michelle Kaku , Joseph Isler , Amanda Tarullo , all of Columbia University ; Inge - Marie Eigsti , of the University of Connecticut ; Jillian Grose - Fifer of the City University of New York ; and Peter Balsam of Barnard College .
Page 1 of 3 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] >>
From : wormulus
2010-05 -27 04:58 pm ( UTC )
!!!!
This is great .
Good work !
From : adamszym
2010-05 -27 05:15 pm ( UTC )
This is really great !
Your drawing and coloring style is fantastic .
What kinda pens / brushes do you use for this stuff ?
Truly inspiring stuff , man .
From : westival
2010-05 -27 05:25 pm ( UTC )
Holy dang .
Your hard work has paid off my friend .
I recommend you post this on stylus .
You will reign in glory forever .
From : teamdynamite
2010-05-28 12:13 pm ( UTC )
what is stylus ?
( no subject ) - westival Expand From : iza_7
2010-05 -27 05:57 pm ( UTC )
Awesome job man !
From : rootstudio
2010-05 - 27 06:05 pm ( UTC )
DANGERS ! too into their roles .
This pretty much killed my interest in larping .
Still I love the idea of a comic guidebook for stuff and this is awesome .
I would love to see Raymond and Cube extoll the virutes of I once tried a cthulhu themed larp at a comic convention .
I got choked out and kicked in the head for reals by players who were a littleinto their roles .
This pretty much killed my interest in larping .
Still I love the idea of a comic guidebook for stuff and this is awesome .
I would love to see Raymond and Cube extoll the virutes of euros , Reiner Knizia , and shoving around little wooden cubes .
From : ( Anonymous )
2010 -05-31 10:00 pm ( UTC )
Re : DANGERS !
Your experience at the con game was extremely unfortunate .
The vast majority of LARP groups are far more careful about physical contact during games .
Some of the larger ones ( typically organized fan clubs of published / broadcast properties ) have very clear guidelines about physical contact , some going so far as to require a brief " out of character " moment to get consent from a fellow player before any touching beyond a brief pat on the shoulder or kiss on the cheek in a receiving line .
A key thing to keep in mind : if it 's a good group , you 'll be asked to hang out afterwards and get to know them as they really are instead of the characters they portray .
I would encourage people who might have had poor experiences to look for a different LARP group and give it a second try .
For some people it just does n't appeal , while for others it might have been over - zealous portrayal of their characters .
From : rye_bunny
2010-05 - 27 06:30 pm ( UTC )
ah haha , that 's awesome .
I 've done a it a few times , I 'm not much of an actor but I like hitting people .
NPC's RULE !
From : rainbow_fuck
2010-05 - 27 08:03 pm ( UTC )
This is awesome and informative !
From : neo_rama
2010-05 - 27 08:09 pm ( UTC )
my eyes love it !
From : mr_esty
2010-05 -27 08:55 pm ( UTC )
Well done !
Great use of lettering .
Really great .
Fantastic work , sir .
From : turtlesnearby
2010-05 - 27 10:13 pm ( UTC )
Grats being on Drawn ! dude !
Also , this is fantastic - and the most experience I 've ever had with LARP was seeing Role Models .
From : kylavanderklugt
2010 -05 - 27 10:50 pm ( UTC )
I saw this on Drawn .
Amazing amazing work !
I now understand the mysterious world of LARP so much better .
From : nedroidcomics
2010-05 -27 11:27 pm ( UTC )
You are amazing !
From : mordicai
2010-05 -28 12:02 am ( UTC )
I 'm a pen-& - paper gamer , but it is nice to see people out there in The Hobby who get it .
Nice work .
From : derpa
2010-05 -28 01:16 am ( UTC )
As a former LARPer I can say this is totally legit .
I played " Dagorhir , " a popular midwest LARP organization that did n't use a whole lot of fantasy elements , but it was a great time and I really enjoyed it and the community surrounding it ( for the most part ) .
As always , I also love your style and the way you get your ideas across .
You 're an amazing talent and I can't wait to see what you do next !!
From : eblocky
2010-05 -28 02:13 am ( UTC )
cone ! of !
coldness !
This is so great and only makes me more curious about LARPing !
Do you still have character sheets ?
Is there a DM keeping track of all your ACs and damage and spellcasting time ?
Is there no speed restrictions or " to - hit " rolls ??
From : ( Anonymous )
2010-05-28 03:06 pm ( UTC )
Re : cone ! of !
coldness !
Depends on the game .
The one I play has a character card ( think large index card size ) that lists the stats of the character ( whether it 's a PC or a monster ) .
The honor system is used for taking your hits ( the person hitting will call the damage / effect ) .
There are marshals for resolving any disputes , but 99 % of the time they 're not needed except in REALLY large - scale circumstances , or to describe something to a group of players ( " you see X number of orcs here , but there 's at least five times that making their way through the woods your way " = we have seven NPC players as orcs , they 'll recycle and come back in for a total of 35 or so attackers . ) .
There 's speed restrictions in hitting folks ( that 's the " machinegunning " in the article ) , but your spellcasting ?
Say the verbal , chuck a small object ( like a small beanbag , nerf ball , or other harmless - if - it - skull - clocks - you object ) .
If it hits , you hit .
Same thing with those boffer swords .
If the other guy has some sort of special defense , they 'll respond in kind to the hit +call .
But big fights can get downright noisy - you can tell it was a hard , long battle when you can barely talk afterwards !
Re : cone ! of !
coldness ! - eblocky Expand Page 1 of 3 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] >>
The Victory Over Porn Addiction group only has three members — maybe because its Christian leader tries to eliminate not just " addiction " but masturbation and even arousal .
Advertisement
According to John Leland of the Times , leader Crystal Renaud has modeled her group after XXX Church , an anti-porn ministry skewered by True / Slant 's " infiltrator " last year .
Both groups are pretty strict .
Leland writes ,
Make This Sunday " Porn Sunday " National Porn Sunday is run by the oddly - named XXX Church , whose website states , Read more
The programs at Ms. Renaud 's group and at XXX Church diverge from secular sexual theory by treating masturbation and arousal as sins rather than elements of healthy sexuality .
Emphasis is on recovering " sexual purity , " in which thoughts of sex outside marriage are illicit .
Advertisement
At least one of the group members is a sexual abuse survivor , and several seem to struggle with behaviors like cutting .
But Renaud 's group appears to focus less on trauma counseling and more on a woman 's duty to please other people .
Says member Michele L. H. , " I 'm learning the correct way of intimacy and bonds .
It 's learning what your spouse wants , his needs . "
Another member , Kelsie , adds ,
You have to take into consideration what 's best for the one you 're going to be with .
Say someday I 'm married and my husband can't please me as much as I please myself .
That 'd be terrible .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
For Michele , whose relatives ignored her needs as a child by abusing her , therapy based on satisfying other people sexually is especially sad .
But for all the women , the Victory Over Porn Addiction approach is troubling .
Obviously women should feel free to abstain from masturbation , pornography , or sexual thoughts if they wish , but to offer such abstinence as a cure for psychological problems like self - harm , or to frame it as a necessary step to a healthy relationship , seems irresponsible .
Renaud complains that male church leaders ignore female sexual issues , but what she 's doing may be just as bad .
Image via New York Times .
Church Counsels Women Addicted to Pornography [ NYT ]
Earlier : Make This Sunday " Porn Sunday "
Report Says Contaminated Meat Is In Supermarkets
There are disturbing new findings about your meat .
April 14 , 2010  --
It is a frightening picture : beef contaminated with toxic heavy metals , pesticides and antibiotics making its way into the nation 's supermarkets .
Phyllis K. Fong , the Agriculture Department 's inspector general , looked at how beef is tested for harmful substances .
According to her new report , inspectors charged with checking cattle for disease and meat for contaminants were , " unable to determine if meat has unacceptable levels of ... potentially hazardous substances [ and do ] not test for pesticides ... determined to be of high risk . "
The inspectors also failed to test beef for 23 pesticides , the report says .
The study -- entitled the National Residue Program for Cattle Audit Report -- says there are no standards for how much of certain dangerous substances , such as copper and highly toxic dioxin , is too much for someone to eat .
As a result , meat containing these substances has gotten into the nation 's food supply , it finds .
The report says the health danger to people who eat this beef is a " growing concern , " and calls for better coordination among the USDA Food Safety and Inspection Service , the Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to ensure the safety of the country 's meat supply .
" When it comes to this particular issue of these foreign chemicals , pollutants , antibiotics , things like that -- they have n't been doing enough , that 's what 's clear , " says Patty Lovera of Food & Water Watch , a consumer advocacy group .
The audit report , which took place in 2007 and 2008 , cited instances when inspectors found beef containing excessive levels of contaminants , but declined to recall it .
" I think the thing that was most alarming was when lab tests were failed , there was no real concerted effort to recall the failed supply , " says Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack .
The report also found that the metal copper has made its way into American beef .
Often a waste product from industry , it can seep into the water that 's fed to cattle .
In one incident in 2008 , Mexican officials refused a shipment of U.S. beef because it contained more copper than Mexico allows .
America has no such restriction .
Copper can be dangerous if consumed in food over the long term .
It is known to cause jaundice and kidney failure and can even be fatal .
" The Mexicans refused the meat that was going into their country yet there was nothing that could be done to prevent American consumers from being exposed to that , " says David Acheson , former managing director for FDA Food and Import Safety .
" That certainly is totally unacceptable in my book ! "
Toxins In Your Meat ?
The government bans nine different antibiotics from use in beef cattle .
Thirty - five others are allowed if they 've cleared out of the animals ' systems before slaughter .
But the audit found instances when inspectors detected antibiotics in beef , but did n't issue a recall .
When consumed in food , antibiotics have the potential to trigger allergic or toxic reactions in some people and to lower resistance to bacteria .
In a statement released today , the National Cattlemen 's Beef Association expressed their support for the recommendations .
" It is critical that the federal government continue funding food safety research at a high level , focusing on the validation of safety systems and process controls to reduce any potential hazards , " the statement reads .
" While the U.S. beef supply is extraordinarily safe by any nation 's standards , we take seriously any potential food safety concern . "
Additionally , unlike with bacteria such as E. coli or Salmonella , cooking meat thoroughly not only does not kill the harmful substances , it can actually break them down into compounds that are even more harmful .
Still , Vilsack says Americans should be assured that steps are being taken to address these problems .
He says that overall , the nation 's beef supply is safe .
" We 're asking the suppliers of beef to do a better job of keeping a better eye on repeat violations of suppliers so they are in a position to go back to farms that are providing beef that is not right -- to correct the situation , " he says .
A 95 million - year - old fossilized jaw discovered in Texas has been identified as a new genus and species of flying reptile , Aetodactylus halli .
Aetodactylus halli is a pterosaur , a group of flying reptiles commonly referred to as pterodactyls .
The rare pterosaur -- literally a winged lizard -- is also one of the youngest members in the world of the pterosaur family Ornithocheiridae , according to paleontologist Timothy S. Myers , who identified and named Aetodactylus halli .
The newly identified reptile is only the second ornithocheirid ever documented in North America , says Myers , a postdoctoral fellow in the Huffington Department of Earth Sciences at Southern Methodist University in Dallas .
Aetodactylus halli would have soared over what is now the Dallas - Fort Worth area during the Cretaceous Period when much of the Lone Star state was under water , covered by a vast ancient sea .
While rare in North America , toothed pterosaurs belonging to the Ornithocheiridae are a major component of Cretaceous pterosaur faunas elsewhere in the world , Myers says .
The Texas specimen -- a nearly complete mandible with most of its 54 teeth missing -- is definitively younger than most other ornithocheirid specimens from Brazil , England and China , he says .
It is five million years younger than the only other known North American ornithocheirid .
Myers describes the new species in the latest issue of the Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology .
Go to www.smuresearch.com to see illustrations of Aetodactylus halli and the Cretaceous marine environment , an image of the fossilized jaw and links to more information .
advertisement
Myers named the pterosaur Aetodactylus halli after Lance Hall , a member of the Dallas Paleontological Society who hunts fossils for a hobby .
Hall found the specimen in 2006 in North Texas .
It was embedded in a soft , powdery shale exposed by excavation of a hillside next to a highway .
The site was near the city of Mansfield , southwest of Dallas .
Hall donated the specimen to SMU .
Pterosaurs ruled the skies from the late Triassic , more than 200 million years ago , to the end of the Cretaceous , about 65 million years ago , when they went extinct .
They represent the earliest vertebrates capable of flying .
Fossil hunter saw long row of teeth sockets
The Aetodactylus halli jaw was discovered in the geologic unit known as the Eagle Ford Group , which comprises sediments deposited in a shallow sea , Myers says .
Outcrop of the Eagle Ford Group extends northward from southwestern Texas into southern Oklahoma and southwestern Arkansas .
" I was scanning the exposure and noticed what at first I thought was a piece of oyster shell spanning across a small erosion valley , " Hall recalls of the discovery .
" Only about an inch or two was exposed .
I almost passed it up thinking it was oyster , but realized it was more tan - colored like bone .
I started uncovering it and realized it was the jaw to something -- but I had no idea what .
It was upside down and when I turned over the snout portion it was nothing but a long row of teeth sockets , which was very exciting . "
SMU vertebrate paleontologist Louis L. Jacobs , a dinosaur expert internationally recognized for his fossil discoveries in Texas and Africa , and SMU paleontologist Michael J. Polcyn , recognized for his expertise on the extinct marine reptiles called mosasaurs , both told Hall it was a pterosaur and an important find .
advertisement
Unique jaw differs from others
The 38.4 - centimeter Aetodactylus jaw originally contained 54 slender , pointed teeth , but only two remain in their sockets , Myers says .
The lower teeth were evenly spaced and extended far back along the jaw , covering nearly three quarters of the length of the mandible .
The upper and lower teeth interlaced when the jaws were closed .
In Aetodactylus , changes in tooth size along the jaw follow a similar pattern to those of other ornithocheirids .
However , Aetodactylus differs from all other ornithocheirids in that its jaws were thin and delicate , with a maximum thickness not much greater than 1 centimeter , Myers says .
But the specimen does compare favorably with Boreopterus , a related pterosaur from the Early Cretaceous of China , in terms of the number of teeth present in the lower jaw , he says .
Myers has estimated the wingspan around roughly 3 meters , or about 9 feet , indicating Aetodactylus would have been a " medium - sized " pterosaur , he says .
While it 's not known how Aetodactylus died , at the time of death the reptile was flying over the sea and fell into the water , perhaps while fishing , Jacobs says .
Find hints at new diversity of pterosaurs
North American pterosaurs that date from the Cretaceous are all toothless , except for Aetodactylus and Coloborhynchus , Myers says .
The thinness of the jaws , the upward angle of the back half of the mandible and the lack of a pronounced expansion of the jaw tips indicate that Aetodactylus is different from other ornithocheirids and represents a new genus and species of pterosaur .
" Discovery of another ornithocheirid species in Texas hints at a diversity of pterosaurs in the Cretaceous of North America that was n't previously realized , " Myers says .
" Aetodactylus also represents one of the final occurrences of ornithocheirids prior to the Late Cretaceous transition to pterosaur faunas that were dominated by the edentulous , or toothless , species . "
Texas now claims the only two of their kind
Much of Texas was once submerged under the Western Interior Seaway .
The massive sea split North America from the Gulf of Mexico to the Arctic Ocean .
On shore , the terrain was flat and flowering plants were already dominating flora communities in this part of North America , according to paleobotanist Bonnie Jacobs , associate professor of Earth Sciences at SMU .
" There were still conifers and ferns as well , but mostly of the sort that had tiny needle leaves , like junipers , says Bonnie Jacobs .
" Sycamores and their relatives would have been among the flowering plants . "
The first ornithocheirid remains from North America , discovered in Fort Worth , were described by former SMU student Young - Nam Lee and donated by amateur collector Chris Wadleigh , says SMU 's Louis Jacobs .
" The ancient sea that covered Dallas provided the right conditions to preserve marine reptiles and other denizens of the deep , as well as the delicate bones of flying reptiles that fell from their flight to the water below , " says Louis Jacobs , a professor in SMU 's Huffington Department of Earth Sciences .
" The rocks and fossils here record a time not well represented elsewhere in North America .
That 's why two species of ornithocheirids have been found here but nowhere else , and that 's why discoveries of other new fossils are sure to be made by Lance Hall and other fossil lovers . "
The research was funded by the Roy M. Huffington Department of Earth Sciences at SMU and SMU's Institute for the Study of Earth and Man .
The Bush - appointed head of the agency that is responsible for protecting government whistle - blowers has been charged with retaliating against his own employees , closing hundreds of whistle - blower cases without any investigation , withholding vital information from Congress , and of destroying evidence to cover up his actions .
Is this any surprise , considering that the Bush administration was willing to out a CIA agent in retaliation for her spouse ’s whistle - blowing to expose administration lies ?
NASA 's Cassini spacecraft is on its way to a flyby of Saturn 's largest moon , Titan , after capturing some stunning images of Enceladus .
One view shows the hazy outline of Titan behind Saturn 's rings , with the dark curve of Enceladus at the bottom .
In other images , Enceladus put its craggy face forward , exhibiting some of the fractures and cratering that have made the Saturnian moon a favorite of both planetary scientists and outer - planet mission groupies .
A view of Enceladus ' terminator was taken by NASA 's Cassini spacecraft on May 18 from approximately 75,000 kilometers ( 46,500 miles ) away .
Cassini sent back numerous images May 18 , 2010 , as it finished the first leg of its planned double flyby .
Cassini passed within about 435 kilometers ( 270 miles ) of the Enceladus surface .
Cassini is heading toward Titan for a flyby that occurs in the late evening May 19 Pacific time , which is in the early hours of May 20 UTC .
Because of a fortuitous cosmic alignment , Cassini can catch glimpses of these two contrasting worlds within less than 48 hours , with no maneuver in between .
The main scientific goal at Enceladus was to watch the sun play peek - a- boo behind the water - rich plume emanating from the moon 's south polar region .
Scientists using the ultraviolet imaging spectrograph will be able to use the flickering light to measure whether there is molecular nitrogen in the plume .
Ammonia has already been detected in the plume , and scientists know heat can decompose ammonia into nitrogen molecules .
Determining the amount of molecular nitrogen in the plume will give scientists clues about thermal processing in the moon 's interior .
The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA , the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency .
The Jet Propulsion Laboratory , a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena , manages the Cassini - Huygens mission for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate in Washington .
The Cassini orbiter was designed , developed and assembled at JPL .
More raw images from the Enceladus flyby , dubbed " E10 , " are available at : http://saturn.jpl.nasa.gov/photos/raw/
More information on the Titan flyby , dubbed " T68 , " is online at : http://saturn.jpl.nasa.gov/mission/flybys/titan20100520/
WASHINGTON ( AP ) —
Too fat to fight ?
Many American children are so overweight from being fed french fries , pizza and other unhealthy foods at school lunchrooms that they cannot handle the physical rigors of being in the military , a group of retired officers say in a new report .
National security is threatened by the sharp rise in obesity rates for young people over the last 15 years , the group Mission : Readiness contends .
Weight problems are now the leading medical reason that recruits are rejected , the group says , and thus jeopardize the military 's ability to fill its ranks .
In a report released Tuesday , the group says that 9 million young adults , or 27 percent of all Americans ages 17 to 24 , are too fat to join the military .
The retired officers were on Capitol Hill advocating for passage of a wide - ranging nutrition bill that aims to make the nation 's school lunches healthier .
The military group acknowledges that other things keep young adults out of the armed services , such as a criminal record or the lack of a high school diploma .
Although all branches of the military now meet or exceed recruitment goals , retired Navy Rear Adm.
James Barnett Jr. , a member of the officers group , says the obesity trend could affect that .
" When over a quarter of young adults are too fat to fight , we need to take notice , " Barnett said .
He noted that national security in the year 2030 is " absolutely dependent " on reversing child obesity rates .
Recruitment is n't the only problem posed by obesity .
According to the report , the government spends tens of millions of dollars every year to train replacements for service members discharged because of weight problems .
This is n't the first time the military has gotten involved in the debate over school lunches .
During World War II , military leaders had the opposite problem , reporting that many recruits were rejected because of stunted growth and inadequate nutrition .
After the war , military leaders pushed Congress to establish the national school lunch program so children would grow up healthier .
The program was established in 1946 , " as a measure of national security , " according to the original bill language .
Today , the group is urging Congress to eliminate junk food and high - calorie beverages from schools , put more money into the school lunch program and develop new strategies that help children develop healthier habits .
The school lunch bill , currently awaiting a Senate vote , would establish healthier options for all foods in schools , including vending machine items .
The legislation would spend $ 4.5 billion more over 10 years for nutrition programs .
The Army is already doing its part to catch the problem earlier , working with high schoolers and interested recruits to lose weight before they are eligible for service , says U.S. Army Recruiting Command 's Mark Howell .
He added that he had to lose 10 pounds himself before he joined the military .
" This is the future of our Army we are looking at when we talk about these 17 - to 24 - year - olds , " Howell said .
" The sad thing is a lot of them want to join but can 't . "
___
On the Net :
Mission : Readiness : http://www.missionreadiness.org
Things to Do in Memphis
Seven - card stud poker is a classic poker game .
The most important thing to remember when learning this game is that you get 7 cards to make your final 5 card hand , and you do n't have to use any specific ones , just whichever 5 make the highest hand .
What You Need :
52 - Card Deck
Chips ( or something to bet with )
2 - 7 Players
Difficulty : Easy
Estimated Time : 15 Minutes
Here 's How :
The three - man defence may be fairly unpopular throughout Europe at the moment , but it is alive and well in Latin America .
With Chile having used a 3 - 3 - 1 - 3 system throughout qualification and Mexico toying with a 3 - 4 - 3 , Uruguay will join them , with a more traditional 3 - 5 - 2 formation .
Few other sides in this World Cup can boast two strikers as confident as Diego Forlan and Luis Suarez – the former having settled the Europa League final with two well - taken finishes , the latter having finished on a rather impressive record of 49 goals in 48 games for Ajax this season .
Forlan plays slightly deeper than you might expect , coming short to receive the ball to feet , leaving Suarez as the more orthodox central striker , playing between full - back and centre - back and looking for through balls .
With those two banging in the goals , it was always going to be two upfront for Uruguay – the question was what happened behind them .
Although Oscar Tabarez only introduced the 3 - 5 - 2 system late on in qualification , it seems to have been installed as the clear first - choice formation , and the players seemed to have been picked with this shape in mind , considering that Tabarez opted not to pick Porto ’s exciting winger Cristian Rodriguez for the provisional squad – Rodriguez clearly has the talent , maybe he just does n’t fit into the system ( edit : his two - game suspension is also most likely a reason – thanks to Derek in the comments section for the correction ) .
Energetic wing - backs
As ever , the key players in a 3 - 5 - 2 are the wing - backs .
Tabaraz picks the two ( unrelated ) Pereiras – Maxi of Benfica on the right , Alvaro of Porto on the left .
They are perfect players for those positions – both comfortable at full - back or wide midfield , and their main attributes being ( a ) their pace and ( b ) their stamina .
Maxi is a fairly technically limited footballer but gets up and down the line well , whilst Alvaro is a more talented player on the ball , and seems to get forward slightly more than his namesake .
Solid defenders
The two full - backs retreat to standard positions when not in possession , level with three centre - backs .
Captain Diego Lugano plays as the spare man at the centre of the three , with veteran Andres Scotti to his right .
They are joined by the left - sided Diego Godin , by far the most comfortable on the ball , happy to bring it forward and distribute more expertly than his two fellow centre - backs .
Their most well - known defender , Martin Cacares , on loan to Juventus from Barcelona , appears to be a back - up .
Functional midfield
The midfield enforcer is Napoli ’s Walter Gargano , a stocky character who is essentially a classic defensive midfielder – fierce into the tackle and a reliable , passer who looks to keep things simple ; he rarely gets forward and looks to cover for gaps left by the advance of the wing - backs .
Alongside him is Diego Perez , a fairly unspectacular all - round midfield player , and the flair is provided by Ignacio Gonzalez , who starts from a central midfield position but looks to move into more of a trequartista role behind Suarez and Forlan .
The midfield sits fairly deep when not in possession , there is little pressing high up the pitch ( Forlan and Suarez do n’t have particularly heavy defensive duties ) and Uruguay seem content to defend with eight men in front of their penalty area .
Conclusion
On paper this looks a decent side – it has quality upfront , experience in defence and hard - working battlers in midfield .
And the players fit into the system very nicely – each player knows his role and looks comfortable there – it ’s hard to earmark a player being played out - of - position , or a distinct lack of quality in any area .
Uruguay ’s problem might be the formation itself .
3 - 5 - 2 is very rarely seen this days , largely because it has trouble containing the opposition full - backs .
Against a side playing 4 - 5 - 1 / 4 - 3 - 3 , the 3 - 5 - 2 ’s wing - backs are forced to defend a wing against both full - back and winger .
Support can come from the players in the centre of the pitch , of course , but you ’re then dragging them out of position and possibly exposing yourself in the middle .
It ’s been a long time since we ’ve seen a genuinely successful team playing a 3 - 5 - 2 , and there are probably good reasons for that – but a 3 - 5 - 2 will bring more tactical variety to the competition , and that can only be a good thing .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
Oil giant BP faced mounting pressure on Monday to control a massive oil slick in the Gulf of Mexico after the US government threatened to take over the response to the month - old disaster .
" If we find that they 're not doing what they 're supposed to be doing , we 'll push them out of the way , " said Interior Secretary Ken Salazar .
Salazar insisted that the full force of the federal government was bearing down on BP , which is legally responsible for dealing with a ruptured pipe that has been gushing oil into the gulf from the wreckage of an offshore rig .
The BP - leased Deepwater Horizon rig exploded on April 20 , killing 11 workers , and sank two days later .
Ever since , hundreds of thousands of gallons of oil , perhaps even millions , have been spewing each day into the sea .
Salazar lashed out at BP for missing " deadline after deadline " as its latest attempt to cap the environmentally devastating leak was hit with further delays , saying the company faced an " existential crisis " .
Police arrested three generations of one family , along with a significant other , on charges of stealing almost $ 700 worth of merchandise from an Upper Moreland Wal - Mart , according to authorities .
Four members of the Morris family , a grandfather , a grandmother , a daughter and a pregnant granddaughter , as well as the granddaughter ’s 21 - year - old boyfriend were all arrested May 15 after employees at the Blair Mill Road Wal - Mart saw the group walk out of the store with about $ 665 worth of goods , police say .
It began when Wal - Mart loss prevention employees saw Candice Morris , 19 , and Robin Morris , 45 , in the grocery section of the store stuffing reusable bags full of groceries .
Toni Morris , 65 , joined the two younger Morrises with an empty shopping cart and they put items they could n’t fit into the first cart into the grandmother ’s , according to police .
The women separated and store security watched Toni and her husband Ronald Morris , 84 , walk out of the lawn and garden exit while the other members of the family left by way of the pharmacy door .
Security stopped the grandparents and asked for a receipt , for which Toni Morris handed them an old receipt .
When the receipt was rejected , Toni pushed the cart into the security guard while Ronald tried to distract the greeter , police say .
Police found the Morris vehicle in the parking lot with the rest of the family , as well as Candice ’s boyfriend , Roger Dreden .
Police arrested 84 - year - old Ronald , 65 - year - old Toni , 45 - year - old Robin , 19 - year - old Candice and 21 - year - old Dreden on charges ranging from theft and conspiracy to possession of an instrument of crime .
All of them live on the 2200 block of Pillegi Road in Warrington , Pa .
Toni Morris has two previous convictions for retail theft , and Robin Morris was found in possession of Oxycontin .
Bill O'Reilly wo n't like this , but Al Franken is proving his moxie as a US Senator yet again .
This is an important measure to be passed :
This is a big victory for financial reform :
The Senate on Thursday voted to impose tighter regulations on credit - rating agencies , which have been criticized for misjudging the risks of debt instruments at the core of the 2008 - 2009 financial crisis .
The ratings services were tied to the banks that were using them so here 's a tool stripped away that helps perpetrate corruption on Wall Street .
There 's more :
Chris Bowers at Open Left had a good summary of the amendment this morning : Making the bill stronger : Sen. Franken ( D - Minn. ) creates a Credit Rating Assignment Board which would assign the credit rating agency that does each initial rating in order to reduce the inherent conflict of interest in the current business model - where the person who hopes to sell the rated product pays the rater .
This amendment stops securities issuers from shopping around among credit rating agencies for the best rating , leading raters to inflate their grades as they scrap for market share .
Why it matters : Credit Rating Agencies got paid to slap AAA ratings on packages of dangerous investments they did not even try to understand or evaluate .
Their triple A ratings created huge markets for these investments , and spread them through every corner of the market .
When the House of Cards built on their false promises collapsed , millions of Americans lost their savings .
The financial reform bill gets stronger and stronger by small increments .
This is a good result .
Let 's hope there is more like it to come .
And the ratings agencies should be held accountable .
That is unless this gets kicked to the Supreme Court , who will vote for big business every time with Roberts leading the way .
Press Start Studio has announced the free release of The Reaping Vanguard add - on for its zombie beat ‘ em up Twin Blades , now available for owners of the game .
The DLC brings a large amount of new content including new storyline and in - game dialogs with new NPCs , 11 new environments , 3 new bosses , new awards and more slash moves for the nun .
The update is available now as an automatic download for owners of the game either on the iPhone or on the Xbox 360 platform via Xbox Live Indie Games .
From the full presser :
Twin Blades : The Reaping Vanguard
For immediate release
Strasbourg , France , April 10th 2010 .
The long awaited DLC of Twin Blades : The Reaping Vanguard has been released on the Xbox Live Indie Games channel .
Aimed to enhance the game experience , the update is available now with no additional costs to users who have already purchased the game .
Albeit free the DLC brings an impressive list of new features , including a storyline boasting in - game dialogs with new NPCs , 11 new environments , the addition of 3 bosses , new awards and supplementary slash moves for the nun .
“ We have been listening to the feedback of players since the release of the game last December and worked accordingly to their demands ” said Philippe Rapin , producer at Press Start Studio .
“ We are very proud of the new content ; it brings Twin Blades to a whole new level of quality and sets yet another milestone in the majesty of 2D gaming ” .
The iPhone version which is regularly reviewed as one of the most beautiful game of the app store and was nominated in several contests for its graphics will also benefit from this DLC on the same terms as the Xbox 360 version .
Twin Blades :
The Reaping Vanguard is available now for download on the Xbox Live Indie Games channel in the US , UK , France , Germany , Canada , Sweden , Spain , Italy , Singapore and Japan for 400 MS points .
More information about Twin Blades : The Reaping Vanguard and Press Start Studio can be found on the developer ’s website www.press-start-studio.com
####
Founded in 2009 by 5 experienced professionals , Press Start Studio is an independent game developer committed to delivering fun game experiences with a pinch of je-ne - sais - quoi to players all around the world .
Our first game , Twin Blades for iPhone & Xbox 360 game systems comes packed full with zombies and a nun and was released in December 2009 .
For more information visit us at www.press-start-studio.com!
iRenew Bracelet
The iRenew Energy Balancing Bracelet may help restore your balance , improve your strength and provider you with greater endurance .
i Renew goes beyond what ordinary magnetic and ionic jewelry does .
It uses the newest and most powerful energy balancing technology that is available today .
The BioField Technology in the iRenew Bracelet harnesses the natural frequencies that are present in our environment and uses them to tune and rebalance our biofield back to a more natural , coherent state .
Having a more balanced biofield can reduce stress , help you sleep better at night , have greater flexibility , have increased strength , and be healthier overall .
The iRenew Bracelet will start working when it is worn .
You may be amazed how well your body can function when the biofield is at a properly balanced level .
Get the Flash Player to see this player .
The iRenew Bracelet is available in either White or Black .
They are adjustable and one size fits all .
Normally asingle iRenew Energy Balance Bracelet sells for for $ 19.99 plus the cost of shipping and handling .
But currently there is a buy 1 get 1 free offer that is available .
You can get an additional iRenew Bracelet for free if you pay the additional shipping and handling cost .
Get the iRenew Energy Balance Bracelet
__1791 : __Samuel Finley Breese Morse , inventor of the practical electromagnetic telegraph , is born in Charlestown , Massachusetts .
He 'll also make waves in the art world and in politics .
Morse 's father , Jedidiah , was the co-inventor of cerographic sterotypy ( a wax - based printing process ) , and he improved the bathometer ( for measuring water depth ) .
He also wrote and edited geography textbooks and with his brother founded the New York Observer .
S.F.B. Morse went to Yale College , were he studied under mathematician Jeremiah Day and chemist Benjamin Silliman .
Neither noticed any particular spark in their young student .
He did , however , show some artistic ability and made money painting miniature portraits on ivory for $ 5 a head ( $ 90 in today 's money ) , or one buck for a simple profile .
When he graduated in 1810 , he set off for a career in painting .
After an unsuccessful stint as a clerk in a bookstore , Morse was at last sent to study under American Romantic landscape painter Washington Allston , who took him to England .
In England , Morse met American expatriate Benjamin West , who was president of the Royal Academy and very much the man of the hour in art .
West was taken with Morse 's work , but Allston thought less of it .
His criticism , however , helped improve the young artist 's technique .
Morse remained in England throughout the War of 1812 and returned to the United States in 1815 .
He began making a name for himself at home .
The Marquis de Lafayette and President James Monroe both sat for portraits .
Morse also took an early fling at the family business of inventing .
He patented a machine for cutting marble in 1823 .
He helped found the National Academy of Design in 1826 and served as its first president all the way through 1845 .
He also enjoyed considerable popularity as a lecturer on art .
Morse returned to Europe in 1829 to study the old masters , and he stayed in France and Italy until 1832 .
By the time he returned , he was regarded as one of America 's foremost painters .
Congress was deciding who should paint four of the great panels on the walls of the rotunda of the Capitol Building .
Four of the eight panels had already been completed by John Trumbull , president of the American Academy of Fine Arts , from which Morse 's group had seceded .
Many people – Morse included – expected Morse to be among those chosen to paint the four remaining panels .
Former President John Quincy Adams , who was then a representative from Massachusetts , submitted a resolution to allow foreign artists to do some of the work , suggesting that American painters had not yet achieved the caliber of greatness required for such monumental work .
Novelist James Fenimore Cooper , a friend of Morse , wrote an anonymous letter to the New York Post defending the native talent .
In the midst of a running feud between Morse and Trumbull , the letter 's effect was the reverse of what Cooper intended .
The committee in charge of selecting the artists thought that Morse had written the letter , and rejected him as a possible candidate .
( The panels were eventually painted by John Vanderlyn , William Henry Powell , John Gadsby Chapman and Robert Walter Weir , with all of whom you are no doubt familiar . )
To console him , Morse 's friends got together and commissioned a work from him .
He made a few sketches but decided his career as an artist was over .
He returned the advances on the commission and never picked up a brush again .
The downturn in his artistic fortunes would be a boon to communications .
On the ship back from Europe in 1832 , Morse had started to contemplate the concept of transmitting messages instantaneously by using electricity .
And the more he thought about it , the more he became fascinated with it .
Taking a professorship in art at New York University to support himself , Morse worked four years to produce his first model of the telegraph .
He also took time to run for mayor of New York City on the anti-immigrant , anti-Abolitionist ticket of the Nativist Party .
He lost .
Morse applied for a patent on the telegraph in 1837 and gave the first public exhibition of his device to scientists the following year .
He ran for mayor as the Nativist Party candidate again in 1841 .
He lost again .
Morse petitioned Congress for development funds to work out the practical problems of the telegraph and to build a proof - of - concept system .
Congress gave him $ 30,000 ( more than $ 800,000 in today 's money ) in 1842 to build a test line from Baltimore to Washington , D.C .
The first official transmission on the completed 41 - mile line came May 24 , 1844 , with the grandiose message : " What hath God wrought ? "
( What hath Sam writ ? )
In fact , the partially completed line from Annapolis Junction , Maryland , to Washington had been employed to telegraph news on May 1 that the Whig Party convention in Baltimore had nominated Henry Clay for president .
The telegraph eventually succeeded ; Clay 's presidential campaign did not .
Morse had another fight on his hands , though .
The telegraph was built on earlier advances by Joseph Henry ( with whom Morse had at one point worked together ) , Charles Thomas Jackson , Charles Wheatstone and Carl Steinhall .
A furious and tangled battle over patent rights ensued .
It was 1854 before the U.S. Supreme Court recognized Morse as the rightful inventor of the telegraph .
European rights were another matter .
Emperor Napoleon III of France eventually awarded Morse 400,000 francs in 1858 .
Morse died rich and famous in 1872 .
Congress passed a memorial resolution praising his contribution to modern communications .
A century after the invention of the telegraph , biographer Carleton Mabee called Morse the American Leonardo .
But Morse had once written to Cooper , " I have no wish to be remembered as a painter , for I never was a painter . "
He got his wish .
Source : Revised and expanded from Morse Telegraph ( Yale University ) , then under the editorship of this author .
Image : Samuel F.B. Morse
See Also :
Recently , a so - called “ white coat summit ” gave me a sense of dejavu .
It was held by a group that calls itself ‘ America ’s Frontline Doctors ’ ( AFD ) that consisted of about a dozen people wearing white coats to the effect of achieving an appearance of being experts on medical matters .
The AFD apparently wanted to address a “ massive disinformation campaign ” ( what irony ) and counter the medical advice from real health experts .
This move has a similar counterpart in climate science , where some individuals also have claimed to be experts and dismissed well - established scientific facts , eg. that emissions of CO2 from the use of fossil fuels results in global warming .
Climate science is not the only discipline where we see confusion sown by a small number of “ renegades ” .
A few white - coated scholars have disputed the well - established danger of tobacco .
We see similar attitudes among the “ Intelligent Design ” community and the so - called “ anti-vaxxers ” .
Statistically speaking , we should not be surprised by a few contrarians who have an exceptional opinion within a large scientific community .
It is to be expected from a statistical point of view where there is a range of opinions , so there should be little reason to make a big deal out it .
On the other hand , there are some fascinating stories to be told .
Sometimes there are individuals who can be described as “ crackpots ” and “ quakesalvers ” ( e.g. a scholar believing in dowsing rods among the climate renegades and some within the AFD who talk about demons ) .
Hollywood has even realized that some scientists may be mad , which has given us the familiar term “ mad scientist ” .
But all “ renegades ” may of course not necessarily be mad .
Nevertheless , according to Snopes , the background of the individuals of the AFD is rather colourful .
And there is nothing in the background provided about them that gave me any confidence in their judgement .
On the contrary .
A sign that should trigger a big warning is that Snopes found it difficult to see who the AFD really are or where their conclusions really come from .
The transparency is lacking and their story is murky .
Especially so if the results have not been published through renowned peer - reviewed scientific journals .
This is something we have seen time and again with climate change contrarians .
Any claim would be more convincing if colleagues independently are able to replicate the work and get the same results ( without finding anything wrong with the process ) .
This would require transparency and openness .
Another sign that should make you skeptical is if the claims have a dogmatic character .
The AFD address is all dogma .
This is also typical among the science deniers .
It ’s also typical that the extreme fringes cannot falsify the established science and therefore move on to conspiracy theories .
In the case of AFD , it is the alleged “ massive disinformation campaign ” .
Should we take such fringe views seriously ?
This type of “ infodemics ” seems to become a growing problem as described in a feature article in Physics World July 2020 : ‘ Fighting flat - Earth Theory ’ .
The term “ infodemic ” reflects the fact that false information is just as contagious as an epidemic .
Imposters dressed in white coats peddling false information can cause harm if people take them seriously .
The damage caused by erroneous information and conspiracy theories is discussed in the HBO documentary ‘ After truth ’ , and the wildest claims can spread like a rampant disease as shown in that film .
We have witnessed how misinformation and lack of trust of true medical sciences have caused bad situations in some countries , while in others ( eg. New Zealand , Canada , and some Nordic countries ) the pandemic has been kept under control because the general public in general has followed the scientific health advice .
There is a common denominator when it comes to the AFD , anti-vaxxers , flat - earthers , “ intelligent design ” , chem - trail evangelists and those dismissing climate science .
I think it may be useful to join forces within the broader scientific community to help the general public understand the real issues .
This effort should also be on more general terms .
People have a right to reliable and truthful information .
Everybody should understand that anyone who spreads bullshit or lies also shows you a great deal of disrespect .
The same goes for platforms spreading disinformation .
So what can we do to make people understand how science works and enhance the general science literacy ?
Is it better to teach people how to spot these “ alternative scientists ” ( the term is inspired by “ alternative facts ” ) , conspiracy theories , and falsehoods , if we show a range of examples from different disciplines ?
We can probably learn from each others .
There seems to be a lesson to be learned from the pandemic .
We deserve a country where our elected officials are not bought and paid for by Big Business .
But this month 's Supreme Court decision in the case Citizens United vs. FEC overturned over a century of precedent and opened the floodgates for unlimited amounts of corporate money to flow into our political system .
Shockingly , the court 's decision may even allow foreign corporations and large multinationals to manipulate our elections .
If we do nothing , this ruling has the potential to undermine the very foundation of our democracy .
Sign our petition to President Obama and the Congressional leadership telling them they must enact strong laws to save our democracy from the pernicious influence of corporate money .
Representative Alan Grayson has been one the most forceful voices in responding to this crisis .
He has introduced a number of bills as part of a " Save Our Democracy " initiative to blunt some of the worst implications of the Supreme Court 's decision .
These include :
1. The Business Should Mind Its Own Business Act ( H.R. 4431 ) : Implements a 500 % excise tax on corporate contributions to political committees , and on corporate expenditures on political advocacy campaigns .
2. The Public Company Responsibility Act ( H.R. 4435 ) : Prevents companies making political contributions and expenditures from trading their stock on national exchanges .
3. The End Political Kickbacks Act ( H.R. 4434 ) : Prevents for - profit corporations that receive government money from making political contributions , and limits the amount that employees of those companies can contribute .
4. The Corporate Propaganda Sunshine Act ( H.R. 4432 ) : Requires publicly traded companies to disclose in SEC filings money used for the purpose of influencing public opinion , rather than for promoting their products and services .
5. The Ending Corporate Collusion Act ( H.R. 4433 ) : Applies antitrust law to industry PACs .
6 . The End the Hijacking of Shareholder Funds Act ( H.R. 4487 ) : This bill requires the approval of a majority of a public company 's shareholders for any expenditure by that company to influence public opinion on matters not related to the company 's products or services .
Without these types of laws , it will be even harder for candidates and elected officials to stand up to Big Business .
Even before the decision , we too often saw the interests of Main Street subverted in favor of the interests of Wall Street .
But with the Citizens United decision now the law of the land , large corporations have the power to spend unlimited amounts of money from their general treasuries to buy elections .
To put things in perspective , the roughly $ 745 million Barack Obama raised to run for President ( which was the most money raised by any candidate ever to run for office in the U.S. ) is dwarfed by the $ 45 billion in profits a single company ( ExxonMobil ) made in 2008 .
We have heard that the Democratic leadership in the House and the Senate will be deciding in the next few weeks upon a legislative package to push in response to the Citizens United decision .
We need to ensure they respond boldly .
Sign our petition telling President Obama and the leaders of Congress that you support Rep. Grayson 's " Save Our Democracy " agenda .
“ Free Markets ” Mean the Welfare ’s Only for Rich People
There ’s been an interesting confluence lately of liberal bloggers noting the same general tendencies among ostensible advocates of “ free markets ” and “ small government ” in the GOP .
Jacob Levy recently noted a weird proclivity , among “ small government ” Republicans , to defend private corporations ’ revenues from corporate welfare as some sort of entitlement .
In the case of student loan legislation , he wrote : “ In the last two weeks , I have n’t seen any Republican official or Republican - leaning intellectual make the slightest reference to the problems with a system in which private lenders make risk - free profits by lending on the back of a federal guarantee … .
And the ( misleading ) headline , the reference to a Soviet - style takeover , crystallized this for me ….
[ T ] here are people on the right who think that the subsidized revenue streams to which lenders had become accustomed were a kind of property that has now been seized . ”
Matt Yglesias sees “ something similar in the fulsome conservative defenses of the prescription drug tax giveaway that the Affordable Care Act repealed . ”
On the same theme , Ezra Klein ( in a post appropriately titled “ Contracts are only sacred when rich people are getting paid ” ) points out an uncomfortable fact about the Republican politicians currently defending the sanctity of contract against attempts to write down loan principals to market value on underwater mortgages : they ’re the same people , by and large , who were screaming a year ago that union autoworkers should “ change their contracts to remain more in sync with the times . ”
When it comes to labor agreements , contracts and promises to repay “ do n’t appear to be all that sacred . ”
Money quote from Yglesias : “ This is how the political right operates — there ’s a lot of rhetoric about free markets , and a lot of institutions that are staffed by people who very sincerely believe in free markets , but no real organized political movement on behalf of free markets except insofar as market - talk bolsters Republican Party electoral fortunes or rich people ’s desire to pay lower taxes . ”
Yglesias also remarks , in another post , that the main difference on property rights between left and right “ is simply that the right is invested in a lot of rhetoric about markets and property rights and the left is invested in different historical and rhetorical tropes ” ( namely “ economic equality ” ) .
But the axis of political conflict between left and right in the real world revolves around “ some stuff some businessmen want to do ” versus “ some stuff businessmen hate , ” and has little to do with “ anything about markets or property rights per se . ”
He ’s definitely seen into the “ small government ” heart of darkness .
For close to 100 % of Republican politicans who talk about “ free markets ” and “ small government , ” and for a dismaying portion of the beltway libertarian movement , “ free markets ” simply mean whatever is profitable for big business .
Loathesome walking infections like Dick Armey should be aware that Yglesias and Klein have their number .
For the folks at Adam Smith Institute and Heritage , it ’s better that a government function be “ privatized ” by farming it out to a private corporation , even if it ’s funded by tax revenues and its market and profits are guaranteed by the government .
Just the fact that the money is being funnelled through a nominally “ private ” entity makes it more “ libertarian ” — because , after all , “ free market ” simply means “ good for business . ”
A real libertarian , on the other hand , would identify the crux of statism as coercion and involuntary funding , and define such “ private ” enterprises as just another part of the state .
Such fake “ privatization , ” arguably , only exacerbates the statism by adding another layer of parasites to be fed at taxpayer expense .
Yglesias strikes me as a kind of near - libertarian Festus ( Acts of the Apostles , not Gunsmoke ) : “ Almost thou persuadest me … ”
His posts , frequently , take a form something like this : A libertarian case for x could be made .
But since I ’m aware of no libertarians actually making a case for x — they seem to be only interested , despite their principled rhetoric , in defending a particular set of economic interests —
I ’ll make the libertarian argument for them even better than they can … .
Believe it or not , Matt , we ’re not all pot-smoking Republicans .
One of these days you should come by C4SS , the Alliance of the Libertarian Left , and assorted other left - libertarian sites ; you might find that some libertarians have been making those kinds of arguments all along .
i Phone App Development Service
Offered by Our Developers
Perception System has been in IOS design and development partner since the first iPhone was launched and have developed 100 + iPhone apps and successfully uploaded on the Apple App store .
Hire the best iOS App developer talent at the reasonable cost in the industry to ensure ultimate solutions that would help you to increase conversion rates .
Our dedicated Apple product development team augmentation service is designed to ensure that you get skilled and proficient iOS programmers at most efficient and personalized team augmentation model for your Apple application to be successful .
Either you are experienced to manage the hired developer team then you choose the best - dedicated apple application developer from our talent pool for you assorted development needs .
Otherwise you can invest in a complete dedicated IOS team for resourceful business strategy , delightful UI / UX design , industry standard development for testing , analyzing and optimizing for maximum ROI .
Appwidget Development
Location Based utilities using Google , Maps
3rd party Integration like FB , Paypal etc
API Customization Service
Porting / Migration from / to different platform
QA / Testing Service
Support and Maintenance Service
i Phone based Game Development
Utilities Application Development
i Pad App Development
Enlarge Getty Images
A helicopter takes off from Development Driller III , which is drilling a relief well at the site of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
The growth of deep - water oil and gas exploration is illustrated well by Anadarko Petroleum ( APC ) , one of the nation 's largest independent deep - water producers in the Gulf of Mexico In 1997 , Anadarko placed its Neptune drilling platform over oil and gas wells in 1,930 feet of water .
Five years later , it cracked the 3,000 - foot mark ; and five years after that , it set a platform over natural gas wells in 8,000 feet of water .
Last year , the company , with $ 8.2 billion in revenue , had nine deep - water discoveries .
But in recent weeks , Anadarko and other offshore oil producers have hit several speed bumps .
The Obama administration on Thursday took stringent steps to pause the industry 's steady march to drill in ever deeper waters .
President Obama wants more safety measures in place to prevent another massive oil spill such as the one that British energy giant BP is attempting to plug after six weeks and millions of gallons of spilled oil in the Gulf .
OIL DISASTER : Obama points to federal slip - ups
The measures create the biggest roadblock to the industry 's deep - water expansion in several decades and will affect companies from Anadarko to giants such as Shell ( RDS - A ) and Chevron ( CVX ) in terms of delayed exploration and higher costs , oil industry analysts say .
" There will be more regulation , and every sane person should welcome that , " says Fadel Gheit , senior energy analyst for market research firm Oppenheimer .
The BP spill , now the worst in U.S. history according to government estimates , prompted a ban on new offshore well drilling earlier this month .
The Obama administration on Thursday extended that ban for six months for new drilling in depths greater than 500 feet .
It halted work on all 33 deep - water exploratory wells in the Gulf pending investigations into the spill .
It also suspended , until at least 2011 , Shell 's plans to drill five wells in the Arctic this summer .
And it canceled several planned lease sales for new oil and gas exploration off the coast of Virginia and in the western Gulf .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar also said new safety measures would be required for the industry , including certification of equipment meant to prevent well blowouts , tougher inspections of deep - water operations and more requirements around key steps in well drilling .
Salazar said the pause on some drilling is needed to prevent a repeat of the BP oil spill — which has resulted in the nation 's largest - ever oil spill response .
The American Petroleum Institute calls the delays on new wells very stringent , given that thousands of oil and gas platforms are operating safely in the Gulf and have been for years .
The delays " are of great concern to the industry , " says Rayola Dougher , senior economic adviser to API .
They 'll not only cost producers time and money but will cost jobs in the already devastated Gulf Coast region , she says .
Chevon , in a statement , said halting deep - water drilling , even temporarily , would " have lasting energy security and negative economic consequences " for the country .
It said " responsible drilling " should be allowed to continue .
No immediate consumer impact The Gulf accounts for 30 % of the USA 's domestic oil production .
Existing production wo n't be affected by the president 's initiatives , nor will exploration in shallow waters .
The restrictions wo n't boost consumer gas prices in the short term because there 's currently excess oil production globally , says Robert Peterson , industry consultant with Charles River Associates .
The delays in drilling today will , instead , affect production years from now .
This year , Chevron planned to drill four exploratory or appraisal wells , which determine oil field size , in the deep water of the Gulf .
Depending on how long the moratorium lasts , the " impact could be significant , " says Kurt Glaubitz , Chevron spokesman .
The company had plans to drill 60 exploratory or appraisal wells worldwide this year .
The delays will add up , says a report from consulting firm Wood Mackenzie .
Earlier this month , before work was ordered halted on the 33 exploratory wells , Wood Mackenzie estimated that a six - month ban on new drilling would cause a 4 % drop in deep - water Gulf oil production in 2011 .
Tighter safety regulations will also drive drilling costs higher , which could make some areas in the Gulf too costly to explore further .
More immediately , companies will have to adjust drilling plans .
That may include deploying to other areas drilling rigs that cost up to $ 500,000 a day to lease .
Anadarko had expected this month to begin drilling an appraisal well in deep water in the Gulf .
Because of the ban , it moved the rig to other wells 60 miles away to do work , says spokesman John Christiansen .
Anadarko has enough work in the Gulf to keep its rigs busy for several months .
After that , it may have to move rigs to other areas , Christiansen says .
BP owns 65 % of the blown well and is its operator .
Anadarko owns 25 % . Mitsui owns 10 % .
BP is responsible for spill clean - up costs .
Anadarko could be affected , too .
It has $ 710 million in insurance , it said in a recent earnings release .
" We share the president 's commitment to ensure deep - water operations and exploration are conducted in a safe manner , " Christiansen said .
" We are fortunate to have a deep and diverse global portfolio that allows flexibility in deploying our capital . "
Long - term impact
While companies face delays , a permanent ban on new wells is unlikely , says Pavel Molchanov , energy analyst at Raymond James & Associates .
" That would be like saying , because of one airline accident , no one can fly again . "
But Molchanov says higher costs , in terms of production delays and heftier insurance bills , will drive some smaller producers out of the Gulf .
Before the spill , Obama had also expressed support for opening more U.S. waters to offshore drilling .
Deep - water drilling vastly expanded in the Gulf in the past two decades , and was poised , before the spill , to expand more .
The region was projected to account for 36 % of domestic oil production by 2035 .
Two - thirds of its current production comes from deep waters .
" If you look at any large company on the exploration side , they talk about how their long - term growth hinges on the deepwater , " says Philip Weiss , industry analyst for Argus Research .
BP started its latest effort to plug the well on Wednesday .
Hopes on Thursday that it was working sent BP shares up 7 % to $ 45.38 .
BP is attempting a " top kill " procedure to plug the leak .
Top kills are commonly done on land to shut down wells where drillers have lost control .
But it has never been done in 5,000 feet of water .
BP had already tried several efforts to stop the leak , including use of robots to reactivate equipment that was supposed to prevent a blowout and was considered a fail - safe measure .
How soon producers will be able to resume drilling new wells may depend on whether the industry can convince regulators that it has good plans to prevent such disasters and promptly shut them down should they occur , says Ken Medlock , an energy and economics expert at Rice University .
The spill has " turned a spotlight on every other company operating in deep water , " Medlock says .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
By Tim Judah
Balkans analyst
The discovery of a mass grave in Serbia , thought to contain the bodies of about 250 Kosovo Albanians , is a brutal reminder of the wars of the 1990s .
But Serbia 's readiness to publicise the find is a sign that some things have begun to change .
Some 744 bodies from Kosovo were found at a Serbian airbase in 2001 " This is more proof that Serbia does not shy away from its dark past and is ready to bring to justice all those who have committed crimes , " said Vladimir Vukcevic , Serbia 's war crimes prosecutor , announcing the discovery of the site at Raska , close to the Kosovo border .
On the face of it , 15 years after the end of the Bosnian and Croatian wars and 11 years after the end of the Kosovo war this would indeed seem to be the case .
But in reality , progress towards reconciliation , and facing up to the past across the Balkans , has been a patchy affair .
Homage to victims A major step forward was made in Serbia in March , when parliament passed a resolution condemning the massacre by Bosnian Serb forces of some 8,000 Bosniak ( Bosnian Muslim ) men and boys when they captured the town of Srebrenica in July 1995 .
Srebrenica was the worst single crime in Europe since the end of World War II , and while the International Court of Justice ( ICJ ) found that Serbia was not guilty of genocide in this case , it also found that its responsibility lay in failing to prevent the killings .
The resolution came five years after Boris Tadic , Serbia 's president , went to Srebrenica to pay homage to the victims .
However , it was a struggle for him to get the resolution through parliament , and most Serbs were lukewarm about it , if not downright hostile .
President Tadic was only able to get the resolution passed by promising that there would be another one , condemning the deaths of Serbs during the wars .
In the wake of the Srebrenica resolution , the next big story was the speech of Croatian president Ivo Josipovic to the Bosnian parliament in Sarajevo in April .
There he expressed regret for Croatian policies during the Bosnian war , which he said had " led to human sufferings and to divisions that still plague us today " .
This statement proved just as divisive in Croatia as the Srebrenica declaration had been in Serbia .
Many regarded it as a political jibe against the ruling Croatian Democratic Union party , which was also the party in power during the war years .
Mr Josipovic is a Social Democrat .
Vigorous debate Indeed , every time a war crimes suspect is arrested or a move to express regret or acknowledge responsibility is made , there will always be some who consider that in a negative light .
Some critics argued that the only reason Serbia passed the Srebrenica resolution was to look good in the eyes of the European Union , which it aspires to join .
Likewise , just after Serbia passed its resolution on Srebrenica the government of Republika Srpska , the Serb part of Bosnia , issued a statement calling into question its previous recognition of the facts and claiming that the numbers of those killed had been inflated .
Bosnian Serb wartime commander Ratko Mladic remains at large
In Kosovo , too , there has been little open discussion about crimes committed on the Albanian side during the conflict .
Allegations that hundreds of Serbs and Albanians were murdered in Albania during and after the war by the Kosovo Liberation Army have met with blanket denials .
Among the most gruesome allegations are that some of those prisoners had their organs removed , in order to sell them , before being killed .
Albania has dismissed the claims as fiction , but the UN and non-governmental organisations are still pressing for a full investigation .
Kosovo and Serbia are far from establishing an official dialogue on war crimes .
However , Serbian and Croatian leaders have not only begun to talk about the past but to act too .
Their two presidents have recently agreed to work on setting aside their cases at the ICJ in which each has accused the other of genocide during the wars .
Another hopeful sign is the vigorous debate which is now taking place between non-governmental organisations across the former Yugoslavia over the creation of what is called the RECOM initiative .
This aims to establish the facts about war crimes in order , in part , to establish a basis for reconciliation but also to prevent facts being distorted for political ends in future .
Tim Judah covers the Balkans for the Economist .
He is the author of The Serbs : History , Myth and the Destruction of Yugoslavia , a new edition of which has recently been published .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Happy bad pun Friday !
COLOPHON : The tattoo font used is Tattoo Ink , a Freeware font by Ryan Splint .
The extra flourishes are courtesy of Adobe Wood Type Ornaments , designed by Barbara Lind and Joy Redick .
The rest is all set in Helvetica Neue , a 1983 reworked typeface based on the original Helvetica drawings and updated by Linotype to have more consistent letter heights and spacing .
Independent games have a hard road to tread — little to no marketing budget , small teams , competition from huge , well - known names .
That 's why it 's worth celebrating when a great game from a small developer becomes a hit .
And Torchlight did n't just sell in decent numbers , it sold in huge numbers for a game of this type : 500,000 copies to date .
That 's not just a hit in the world of independent gaming , that 's a hit in any corner of this business .
" We basically approached all the usual suspects — Steam , Direct2 Drive , etc , and began setting up those partnerships and agreements , " Runic Games ' Wonder Russell told Ars .
" There is definitely an ease - of - use and approachability with digital downloads that is a huge help to the indie developer , but getting the word out there that you have a game for sale that ’s a lot of fun to play is always going to be the trickiest part of the business , especially for a small company like ours , with zero marketing budget . "
He shared those thoughts with us back in November 2009 .
Clearly , things worked out .
In an interesting twist , Perfect World Entertainment has now purchased a majority stake in Runic Games for approximately $ 8.4 million .
Perfect World is known more for Chinese MMO releases than single - player dungeon crawlers , so the company is likely looking towards the MMO update for Torchlight that 's coming in the next few years .
This is great news for everyone involved , and it proves that you can still pour your heart into a game and be greatly rewarded .
Torchlight is available on a selection of digital distribution platforms , including Steam for Mac gamers , for $ 19.99 .
Who woulda thunk it : Fact - checking is popular !
Has anyone else noticed that the Associated Press has been doing some strong fact - checking work lately , aggressively debunking all kinds of nonsense , in an authoritative way , without any of the usual he - said - she - said crap that often mars political reporting ?
I asked AP Washington Bureau Chief Ron Fournier about this , and he told me something fascinating , if not all together unexpected :
Their fact - checking efforts are almost uniformly the most clicked and most linked pieces they produce .
Journalistic fact - checking with authority , it turns out , is popular .
Who woulda thunk it ?
The AP , and Fournier in particular , have taken no shortage of lumps from the left , with some still accusing him of being in the tank for Republicans .
That said , it 's a fact that the AP has lately done some very aggressive work in knocking down some of the most pernicious misinformation out there , much of it coming from the right .
The AP , for instance , definitively knocked down claims that Elena Kagan is an " ivory tower peacenik . "
It called out GOP Senators for their bogus " judicial experience " assault .
The AP also did an extensive investigation into Obama 's handling of the Gulf spill , and concluded it " shows little resemblance to Katrina . "
As Steve Benen noted in lauding this effort , the AP definitively debunked a key media narrative as " baseless . "
" What we tend to forget in journalism is that we got in the business to check facts , " Fournier says .
" Not just to tell people what Obama said and what Gingrich said .
It is groundless to say that Kagan is anti-military .
So why not call it groundless ?
This is badly needed when people are being flooded with information . "
" The ones that get the most traction are the fact checks , " he added .
The AP directs plenty of fact - checking at Obama and Dems , too .
The news org recently conculded some GOP attacks on financial reg reform were supportable .
It accused Obama of skimping in a recent nuke speech .
And it whacked him for supporting reconciliation when he'd previously criticized the tactic .
When I asked Fournier if he was willing to say which side tends to dissemble more , he demurred .
" Misleading the public is a bipartisan habit , " he insisted .
Maybe , but there 's no question their most aggressive stuff has been directed at the right .
Fournier says these pieces require real newsroom resources , often taking up more than one staffer for more than a day .
But it 's also good business .
With so much information available at any given time , people seek out efforts to cut through the noise and to take a stand with authority .
Turns out it 's a pretty good way to get rewarded with clicks .
Criminal - controlled botnets are becoming more resilient and powerful than ever .
It ’s easier than ever for even low - skilled hackers to supply botnets with freshly infected PCs via user - friendly hacking tool kits .
And many of them are using these tool kits to spread infectionsÃ‚Â on weakly protected web pages put up by legitimate corporations .
Those are conclusions from recent security reports from Symantec ’s MessageLabs division , Microsoft , M86 Security , WhiteHat Security and Imperva .
The MessageLabs report and Microsoft report both show that even when the good guys shut down ISPs hosting large swarms of infected PCs spewing spam , the bad guys “ quickly recover and continue to send malicious content almost uninterrupted , ” says Paul Wood , Ã‚Â MessageLabs Intelligence Senior Analyst .
Rustock the largest and most powerful botnet controls between 1.6 million to 2.4 million infected PCs ; it has increased spam output by 300 % in recent months and is responsible for a third of global spam .
The top three Rustock - infected countries are India , USA , and Brazil , says Wood .
Hacking tool kits readily for sale
The M86 report details theÃ‚Â rise of hacker tool kits , counting more than a dozen new kits being marketed on the Internet in the past six months .
Most of these kits are in Russian , such as Adpack and Fragus , perhaps indicating the location of buyers , and the majority take advantage of security weaknesses in Adobe Flash , javascripts and , Adobe PDF readers .
Kits with names like Crimepack , WebAttacker , MyPolySploit , XCore , UniquePack and LuckySploit typically sell for $ 100 to $ 1,000 , and all include basic coding to infect PCs and have them report to a botnet controller , says Bradley Anstis , VP of Technology Strategy for M86 Security .
Meanwhile , the Ponemon Institute recently surveyed 627 IT pros at more than 400 multinational enterprises and government organizations in a study sponsored by WhiteHat Security and Imperva .
The survey shows more that than 55 % of developers writing Web programs are are too busy to respond to security issues , while 74 % of the survey respondents said they donÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t have a dedicated security team .
The circle of ( criminal ) life
“ Botnets are PCs that have been infected with malware .
Malware predominantly spreads by exploiting unpatched Web browsers which people use to visit legitimate , yet infected websites , ” says Jeremiah Grossman , CTO of WhiteHat Security .
Websites , in turn , are getting infecting by hackers using toolkits honed to search out webpages ripe for SQL injection attacks , that crack into the database layer of weakly - protected websites .
Click on a tainted webpage and you wo n’t notice anything .
Your PC gets turned into an obedient “ bot , ” and for good measure all of your account logons routinely get stolen .
“ Welcome to the cat and mouse game , ” says Antsis .
“ Everytime an infected bot gets remediated or a botnet gets taken down , the blackhats develop new ways to get around that . ”
Chart courtesy ofÃ‚Â Symantec ’s MessageLabs Intelligence ; Crimepack took kit screen shot courtesy M86 .
By Byron Acohido
April 28th , 2010 | For consumers |
For technologists | Top Stories
Bering Glacier viewed from 1,500 ft. above the ice .
The highly fractured surface is the result of stretching and shearing .
New fractures produce " icequakes " that register throughout the area .
Once open , these pathways allow melt water to flow through the glacier .
Up to thousands of " icequakes " may shake a glacier a day , rumblings that could shed light on how climate is changing .
Just as volcanoes involve magma interacting with rock , so too do glaciers often involve interplays between water and ice .
As such , giant events within glaciers can occur , with icequakes in Antarctica known to reach the force of a magnitude 7 earthquake .
To learn more about icequakes , scientists in Alaska used equipment and techniques normally employed for monitoring seismic events to investigate the Bering Glacier , which flows from the St. Elias mountain range to the south - central coast of Alaska .
Ice in this temperate glacier is near its melting point , leading to a history of dramatic surges .
Snap , crackle , pop
In the spring of 2007 , researchers deployed five monitoring stations a mile or so apart from each other on the glacier .
The area proved extraordinarily active , generating 160,000 seismic events over the course of some two months in both the shallow and deep portions of the ice , with an average of one event roughly every 30 seconds .
" A huge number of pops and creaks are occurring all of the time in glaciers , " said researcher Michael West , a seismologist at the University of Alaska at Fairbanks .
" Something as simple as a warm afternoon or a rainstorm has a direct and almost immediate influence on a glacier that can be tracked by listening to the creaks and groans that the ice makes . "
As spring kicked in and melting began in force , the glacier went from quiet to loud .
" I compare it to a bear groaning as it emerges from hibernation in the spring , " West said .
" These results give us a time frame for how long it takes the glacier to come back to life after a relative winter repose .
More importantly however , it provides an example of how the same techniques could be used over several years to map long - term changes . "
Icequake flavors
Just as seen with volcanoes , there were quakes that shook the glacier back and forth at relatively high frequencies as well as others that made the ice shudder at low frequencies .
A third class was seen as well — hybrids that were high - and low - frequency in rapid succession .
When it comes to volcano - linked earthquakes , high - frequency events are often thought to result when pressure from a pool of magma causes solid rock to crack or slip , abrupt motions that send out pulses of waves .
The scientists think cracking of brittle ice might explain high - frequency icequakes as well .
However , they are uncertain about how volcano - linked , low - frequency icequakes might occur .
Hybrid icequakes suggest a link between how low - and high - frequency quakes work .
The researchers suggest pressure from water pooled on the surface might drive existing cracks to pop wide , leading to a burst of high - frequency shaking from this cracking followed by extended low - frequency rumbling due to water gushing into the new opening .
By tracking icequakes over months and years as well as across different types of glaciers , one could pin down what causes different kinds of quakes , the scientists suspect .
Once the cause is deciphered , further seismic monitoring of glaciers could then reveal if the icequakes are changing over time — due , say , to season or climate — and explain why .
In a way , West said , these creaks and pops are like " the pulse of a glacier . "
Future research could help scientists monitor the health of glaciers as doctors would patients , he noted .
" The primary challenge is that glaciers are extremely challenging places to install equipment , " West said .
" While the highest resolution data probably comes from instruments installed directly in the ice , we may have to carry out long - term observations using instruments installed on the bedrock adjacent to glaciers .
It is doubtful that in - ice installations will ever be able to run consistently for many years .
Since glaciers flow , the stations are always moving ! "
West and his colleagues detailed their findings in the April issue of the journal Geology .
On April 21 2010 04:23 ZoW wrote :
wow this must have took you a while to organize , thanks !
just about 2 hrs^ ^
On April 21 2010 04:56 Vain wrote :
Wow , didnt know there where that many made
me neither when i started :s
On April 21 2010 05:05
Piy wrote :
Any chance you could spoiler them every 10 - 20 cartoons .
This raped my browser for a minute .
i'll definitly do that , probably a spoiler for every compilation .
just had n't had the motivation to do that additionaly to all the other work =)
John McCain follies
I was readying to write about an immigration article I found interesting and then a TARP article I found depressing , but then I realized that both articles were actually about John McCain and I could cover them in one post .
The first is by Joanna Lydgate , and it examines the border - security bill McCain is pushing now that he 's decided to stop supporting the comprehensive approach to immigration reform that he once understood to be necessary .
It includes an expansion of Project Streamline , a policy aimed at criminally prosecuting and imprisoning every illegal immigrant picked up by authorities .
Lydgate , who 's studied Operation Streamline , has found the program to be a mess :
It forces the legal system to spend its time on nonviolent offenders and erodes its capacity to focus on violent offenses .
" Federal prosecutors no longer get to choose which immigrants to prosecute ; they must prosecute everyone , " writes Lydgate .
" As a result , nonviolent border crossers are clogging up federal courts and straining the resources of judges , attorneys , U.S. marshals and court personnel .
From 2002 to 2009 , federal magistrate judges along the U.S. - Mexico border saw their misdemeanor immigration caseloads skyrocket .
Criminal prosecutions of petty immigration - related offenses increased by more than 340 % in the border district courts . "
Meanwhile , " organized - crime prosecutions and drug prosecutions declined by 20 % , and weapons prosecutions fell by 19 % . "
With a drug war raging in Mexico , this is a terrible diversion of judicial and legal resources .
The second article sees John McCain selling TARP down the river .
" They deceived the American people , " McCain said .
" They said it would go to address the housing issue , instead they gave it to the financial institutions . "
Come again ?
I remember when McCain suspended the campaign to go back and work on TARP .
I knew TARP was aimed at providing money to the banks .
And I knew that because Hank Paulson said that .
“ The federal government must implement a program to remove these illiquid assets that are weighing down our financial institutions and threatening our economy , " Paulson said in his statement explaining the program .
" I am convinced that this bold approach will cost American families far less than the alternative — a continuing series of financial institution failures and frozen credit markets unable to fund economic expansion . "
You 'll notice he did not say " a continuing series of foreclosures . "
Either McCain did n't understand the program , which would be scary , or he 's misrepresenting his understanding of the program , which would be sad .
In the latter case , the excuse for both these panders is probably that JD Hayworth is running a primary against McCain in Arizona .
Straight talk , it seems , is for presidential elections , not statewide primaries .
But I have no sympathy for McCain when it comes to the Hayworth challenge .
In sacrificing his independent streak to win the Republican nomination and in launching Sarah Palin onto the national stage , McCain encouraged the viciously ideological conservatism that now threatens to destroy him .
He might not have started this , but he did not fight against it when it counted .
And now he 's submitting to it entirely , if somewhat unconvincingly .
Photo credit : By Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Lynn Redgrave , an introspective and independent player in her family ’s acting dynasty who became a 1960s sensation as the unconventional title character of “ Georgy Girl ” and later dramatized her troubled past in such one - woman stage performances as “ Shakespeare for My Father ” and “ Nightingale , ” has died .
She was 67 .
Her publicist Rick Miramontez , speaking on behalf of her children , said Redgrave died peacefully Sunday night at her home in Kent , Conn .
Children Ben , Pema and Annabel were with her , as were close friends .
“ Our beloved mother Lynn Rachel passed away peacefully after a seven year journey with breast cancer , ” Redgrave ’s children said in a statement Monday .
“ She lived , loved and worked harder than ever before .
The endless memories she created as a mother , grandmother , writer , actor and friend will sustain us for the rest of our lives .
Our entire family asks for privacy through this difficult time . ”
Redgrave was diagnosed with breast cancer in December 2002 , had a mastectomy in January 2003 and underwent chemotherapy .
Her death comes a year after her niece Natasha Richardson died from head injuries sustained in a skiing accident and just a month after the death of her older brother , Corin Redgrave .
The youngest child of Michael Redgrave and Rachel Kempson , Lynn Redgrave never quite managed the acclaim — or notoriety — of elder sibling Vanessa Redgrave , but received Oscar nominations for “ Georgy Girl ” and “ Gods and Monsters , ” and Tony nominations for “ Mrs. Warren ’s Profession , ” ” Shakespeare for My Father ” and “ The Constant Wife . ”
In recent years , she also made appearances on TV in “ Ugly Betty , ” ” Law & Order ” and “ Desperate Housewives . ”
“ Vanessa was the one expected to be the great actress , ” Lynn Redgrave told The Associated Press in 1999 .
“ It was always , ‘ Corin ’s the brain , Vanessa the shining star , oh , and then there ’s Lynn . ' ”
In theater , the ruby - haired Redgrave often displayed a sunny , sweet and open personality , much like her ebullient offstage personality .
It worked well in such shows as “ Black Comedy ” — her Broadway debut in 1972 — and again two years later in “ My Fat Friend , ” a comedy about an overweight young woman who sheds pounds to find romance .
Redgrave ’s play “ Nightingale ” at off - Broadway ’s Manhattan Theatre Club in 2009 was the last time she appeared on stage in New York .
Lights on Broadway marquees will be dimmed Tuesday .
“ She was adored by audiences , and although she embarked on a medical treatment as previews began , she never missed a show and gave magnificent performances eight times a week , ” said Lynne Meadow , artistic director of MTC .
“ We admired her strength , her talent , her courage and her enormous good heart .
There was n’t a stage hand , a press rep , a box office person who did n’t worship Lynn .
She was true theatre royalty . ”
Tall and blue - eyed like her sister , she was as open about her personal life as Vanessa has been about politics .
In plays and in interviews , Lynn Redgrave confided about her family , her marriage and her health .
She acknowledged that she suffered from bulimia and served as a spokeswoman for Weight Watchers .
With daughter Annabel Clark , she released a 2004 book about her fight with cancer , “ Journal : A Mother and Daughter ’s Recovery From Breast Cancer . ”
Redgrave was born in London in 1943 and despite self - doubts pursued the family trade .
She studied at London ’s Central School of Speech and Drama , and was not yet 20 when she debuted professionally on stage in a London production of “ A Midsummer ’s Night Dream . ”
Like her siblings , she appeared in plays and in films , working under Noel Coward and Laurence Olivier as a member of the National Theater and under director / brother - in - law Tony Richardson in the 1963 screen hit “ Tom Jones . ”
“ Before I was born , my father was a movie star and a stage star , ” the actress told the AP in 1993 .
“ I was raised in a household where we did n’t see our parents in the morning .
We lived in the nursery .
Our nanny made our breakfast , and I was dressed up to go downstairs to have tea with my parents , if they were there . ”
True fame caught her with “ Georgy Girl , ” billed as “ the wildest thing to hit the world since the miniskirt . ”
The 1966 film starred Redgrave as the plain , childlike Londoner pursued by her father ’s middle - aged boss , played by James Mason .
Dismissed by critic Pauline Kael as a false testament to free thinking , the movie was branded “ cool ” by moviegoers on both side of the Atlantic and received several Academy Award nominations , including one for Redgrave and one for the popular title song performed by the Australian group The Seekers .
“ All the films I ’ve been in — and I have n’t been in that many attention - getting films — no one expected anything of , least of all me , ” Redgrave said in an AP interview in 1999 .
“ Georgy Girl ” did n’t lead to lasting commercial success , but did anticipate a long - running theme : Redgrave ’s weight .
She weighed 180 pounds while making the film , leading New York Times critic Michael Stern to complain that Redgrave “ cannot be quite as homely as she makes herself in this film .
“ Slimmed down , cosseted in a couture salon , and given more of the brittle , sophisticated lines she tosses off with such abandon here , she could become a comedienne every bit as good as the late Kay Kendall , ” he wrote .
Films such as “ The Happy Hooker ” and “ Every Little Crook and Nanny ” were remembered less than Redgrave ’s decision to advocate for Weight Watchers .
She even referenced “ Georgy Girl ” in one commercial , showing a clip and saying , “ This was me when I made the movie , because this is the way I used to eat . ”
At age 50 , Redgrave was ready to tell her story in full .
As she wrote in the foreword to “ Shakespeare for My Father , ” she was out of work and set off on a “ journey that began almost as an act of desperation , ” writing a play out of her “ passionately emotional desire ” to better understand her father , who had died in 1985 .
In the 1993 AP interview , Redgrave remembered her father as a fearless stage performer yet a shy , tormented man who had great difficulty talking to his youngest daughter .
“ I did n’t really know him , ” Redgrave said .
“ I lived in his house .
I was in awe of him and I adored him , and I was terrified of him and I hated him and I loved him , all in one go . ”
Redgrave credited the play , which interspersed readings from Shakespeare with family memories , with bringing her closer to her relatives and reviving her film career .
She played the supportive wife of pianist David Helfgott in “ Shine ” and received an Oscar nomination as the loyal housekeeper for filmmaker James Whale in “ Gods and Monsters . ”
She also appeared in “ Peter Pan , ” ” Kinsey ” and “ Confessions of a Shopaholic . ”
On stage , she looked at her mother ’s side of the family in “ The Mandrake Root ” and “ Rachel and Juliet . ”
“ Nightingale ” touched upon her health , the life of her grandmother ( Beatrice Kempson ) and the end of her 32 - year marriage to actor - director John Clark , who had disclosed that he had fathered a child with the future wife of their son Benjamin .
She sat at a desk and worked from a script , but it did n’t affect what the AP called “ her touching , beautifully realized performance , ” the AP wrote last year .
Lynn Redgrave is survived by six grandchildren , her sister Vanessa , and four nieces and nephews .
A private funeral will be held later this week .
Patrick Mattimore , a fellow at the Institute for Analytic Journalism , recently published the following article on China 's People 's Daily Online , headlined : Media badly misplaying Foxconn suicides .
Taiwanese - owned Foxconn has had seven suicides this year .
That sounds like a lot , but the firm has an estimated 800,000 workers , more than 300,000 of them at a single plant in Shenzhen .
Although exact figures are hard to come by , even the most conservative estimate for China 's suicide rate is 14 per 100,000 per year ( World Health Organization ) .
In other words , Foxconn ’s suicide epidemic is actually lower than China ’s national average of suicides .
I checked his figures .
World Health Organization suicide figures for China ( 1999 ) are 13 males and 14.8 females per 100,000 people .
Elderly ( 65 + years ) suicide rates can be as much as 50 % higher than youth ( 18 to 24 years ) , which means Foxconn 's suicide rate , with its younger workforce , should be significantly below the national average .
Let 's estimate an average of 10 suicides per 100,000 at Foxconn .
Just the Shenzhen Foxconn plant alone , with its 330,000 employees , would be expected to have about 33 suicides this year , or 14 so far .
Foxconn has had just 10 suicides this year , and that 's across its entire workforce .
Working at Foxconn dramatically reduces people 's risk of suicide !
Mr Mattimore is right , the media is misrepresenting the facts .
He writes :
We look at ten grand prix circuits which are no longer with us or which are a shadow of their former selves
Twisting around the remains of an extinct volcano , Clermont Ferrand is sometimes described as a shorter , faster and tighter version of the Nurburgring .
At 5 miles it was about a third of the length of the 'ring , but provided as much excitement as drivers negotiated a relentless stream of corners with no discernable straights .
It hosted just four grands prix ( 1965 , 1969 , 1970 , 1972 ) but left a very lasting impression on those who drove it .
A number of participants in the 1969 event insisted on driving with open - faced helmets in case of motion sickness .
Loose stones at the final grand prix in 1972 caused ten punctures and ended Helmut Marko 's career when one flew up from Emerson Fittipaldi 's rear tyre and partially blinded him .
Concerns over the lack of run-off led to a re-profiling of the circuit in 1988 , shortening it to 2.4 miles .
Old Interlagos , Brazil
The old version of the Brazilian circuit incorporated most of the tight and twisty infield still present today , along with a balls - out , high - speed section .
The original layout consisted of four fast corners , split up by long straights , in which the cars would remain flat out for around 20 seconds .
With significant bumps throughout the lap , the track was considered very dangerous - especially by 1980 when cars were running ground - effect aerodynamics .
That , and the encroaching favellas around the circuit , saw the Brazilian Grand Prix move to the more glamorous Jacarepagua circuit in Rio de Janeiro .
When it returned in 1990 a $ 15 million redevelopment plan had stunted the circuit to today 's layout .
Osterreichring , Austria
Set into an Austrian hillside , the Osterreichring has gone down in F1 folklore as one of the sport 's most exciting circuits .
Dramatic elevation changes and super - fast sweeping curves made it a real drivers ' circuit and the small run-off areas and ludicrously - narrow pit straight made it exceptionally dangerous .
Most dangerous of all was the 180 degree Boschkurve , where close barriers all the way around the outside loomed ominously to punish the slightest mistake , hard .
Despite the safety concern , which contributed to F1 abandoning the circuit after 1987 , the only F1 death was in 1975 when Mark Donohue crashed during practice .
In 1995 F1 returned to the venue , then known as the A1 Ring , but the race took place on a completely rebuilt and neutered version of the track designed by Hermann Tilke .
Bremgarten , Switzerland
Five Formula
One grands prix were held at Bremgarten up until motorsport was banned by the Swiss in 1955 , following the Mercedes tragedy at Le Mans .
But the authorities could have made a case for the ban based on its own circuit , which claimed the life of Hugh Hamilton at its very first race in 1934 .
The tree - lined circuit had no obvious straight , and in the wet the narrow strip of tarmac ( originally designed for motorbikes ) was particularly treacherous .
Once the ban was enforced Bremgarten fell into disrepair and was finally lost forever under the urban sprawl of nearby Bern .
Pescara , Italy
The longest and probably most dangerous circuit in Formula One history held just one championship grand prix in 1957 .
The layout consisted of two long straights joining the towns of Capelle , Monte Silvano and Pescara as well as a wild ride through the Abruzzo hills , a mile of which was on cliff - top roads with 500 foot drops to one side .
The circuit was first used in 1924 and hosted regular non-championship races until it was closed in the 1960s due to safety concerns .
Stirling Moss won the 1957 event driving a Vanwall in front of 200,000 spectators , after Ferrari decided not to participate in protest to the Italian government 's proposal to ban road racing .
Describing the circuit 40 years later in Richard Williams '
The Last Road Race , Moss said of Pescara : " I thought it was fantastic .
It was just like being a kid out for a burn - up .
A wonderful feeling .
What racing 's all about . "
Alberto Ascari in action at the Nurburgring in 1950 © Getty Images Enlarge
The modern circuit , built in the 1980s , is a shadow of the 1920s beast that went before .
Opened in 1925 , the original North Loop track was 17 ½ miles long , no more than 30 feet wide , with 174 turns and an undulating surface .
Even in those less safety - conscious times , it was deemed too dangerous and by the late 1930s the shorter 14.17 - mile Nordschliefe was in use .
To add to the challenge , the location was prone to rain and fog , even in the summer , and its length meant conditions could vary even on a single lap .
Many top drivers never really mastered the course and it was growing concerns over safety that led to major changes in 1970 , but by the time it staged its last grand prix in 1976 - remembered for the horrific accident which almost killed Niki Lauda - it had become an anachronism .
Brooklands , England
The world 's first purpose - built race track was constructed after road racing started to fall foul of the authorities in Europe after a string of fatalities .
Opened in 1907 , the distinctive banked , oval track , which was nearly 30 feet high in places , was finished in concrete because of the issues of laying tarmac on such a gradient .
Along the centre of the track ran a dotted black line , known as the Fifty Foot Line .
By driving over the line , a driver could theoretically take the banked corners without having to use the steering wheel .
In 1926 the track hosted the first British Grand Prix , and regular racing continued right up to the war , along with other events , including massed cycling .
In 1939 racing was stopped and the site became a hub for the production of military aircraft , leading to large areas of the track being destroyed to build factories .
When the war ended there was no way racing could resume and the land was sold to Vickers - Armstrong where it continued through various identities until it was sold in 1988 for redevelopment .
Mosport , Canada
Autumn - fall in North America - used to mean a double - header of the United States and Canadian Grands Prix , both held on circuits surrounded by trees with their leaves in flaming colour .
This was when Canada used Mosport Park , a magnificent road course in Eastern Ontario that ran through wooded countryside but as safety became more of an issue it was increasingly regarded as dangerous and its facilities outdated .
The lack of run -off became a major factor in the Grand Prix 's move to Montreal in 1978 .
Sports car impresario Don Panoz bought the failing track in 1998 and has since modernised it .
Stirling Moss with the offset - engine Maserati 250F leads the field at Monza in 1956 © Getty Images Enlarge
Belgium 's Spa Francorchamps circuit is one of the oldest on the current F1 calendar , hosting its first race in 1922 and its first grand prix in 1925 .
The original circuit made up of narrow roads was 9.3 miles long ( 14.9 km ) and was notoriously dangerous .
It was a fast course and until 2000 it was possible to travel over the track as it was a public road .
Its speed meant Spa had a poor safety record .
At the 1960 grand prix Chris Bristow and Alan Stacey were killed within minutes of each other , and in 1966 Jackie Stewart crashed and found himself upside down in the cellar of a farmhouse with petrol pouring over him .
The old track hosted its final race in 1970 , when it was deemed too dangerous for F1 ; a year earlier drivers had boycotted the race .
When it returned in 1983 it had been shortened and sanitised .
Old Monza , Italy
Few names are as evocative as Monza , built in 1922 and for many years one of the fastest circuits .
It was the first purpose - built venue to stage a grand prix and the first to charge for entry .
It was also two tracks .
One , a US - style oval with two straights and two heavily - banked corners ( demolished in 1938 ) the other a facsimile of a road circuit .
But while hugely popular , it was also highly dangerous .
In 1928 a driver and 27 spectators were killed , and despite safety modifications , five years later three top drivers died in one race .
A new banked circuit was built in 1955 but this only staged two grands prix before being ditched because of concerns over the stresses it imposed on cars .
But even the road course was unsafe , and in 1961 Wolfgang von Trips died along with 14 spectators when he crashed .
The current track is slower and safer .
The BNP team say the European bond markets are no longer a homogenous entity following the Greek crisis , which has “ reduced their attractiveness to foreign investors . ”
Having seen the net inflow into the European bond market fall from € 285 billion to just € 20 billion over the last 12 months , BNP is warning that when money pours out of European equities , as it expects , the euro will fall sharply hitting parity versus the dollar by the end of the first quarter in 2011 .
Having played their hand on fiscal transfers to Greece , foreign investors have “ been shocked by the mess left by our European politicians " and it “ will take some time to repair this damage . ”
The ECB Is the Key
Having said this is no time for complacency as the ECB met in Lisbon today , Jean - Claude Trichet will now be the key to further policy responses to the crisis , according to BNP .
“ At Thursday ’s press conference Trichet confirmed that the ECB had not discussed the outright purchase of sovereign bonds , ” said BNP .
This suggests to BNP that things will have to get a lot worse before the ECB takes action .
“ Europe will change from using fiscal tools , attempting to heal European divergence with monetary instruments , sending the euro massively lower , ” conclude the BNP FX team .
Dozens of Italian women who have had relationships with Roman Catholic priests or lay monks have endorsed an open letter to the pope that calls for the abolition of the celibacy rule .
The letter , thought by one signatory to be unprecedented , argues that a priest " needs to live with his fellow human beings , experience feelings , love and be loved " .
It also pleads for understanding of those who " live out in secrecy those few moments the priest manages to grant [ us ] and experience on a daily basis the doubts , fears and insecurities of our men " .
The issue was put back on the Vatican 's agenda in March when one of Pope Benedict 's senior advisers , Cardinal Christoph Schönborn , the archbishop of Vienna , said the abolition of the celibacy rule might curb sex abuse by priests , a suggestion he hastily withdrew after Benedict spoke up for " the principle of holy celibacy " .
The authors of the letter said they decided to come into the open after hearing his retort , which they said was an affirmation of " the holiness of something that is not holy " but a man -made rule .
There are many instances of married priests in the early centuries of Christianity .
Today , priests who follow the eastern Catholic rites can be married , as can those who married before converting to Roman Catholicism from Anglicanism .
One signatory , Stefania Salomone , 42 , an office manager , said the message to the pope had been endorsed by nearly 40 women registered with an online forum linked to Il Dialogo website .
But such was the sensitivity of the issue that only three had published their names .
The letter was posted on the internet on 28 March .
But it was only reported on Wednesday by the online international news agency , globalPost .
Salomone said that because Catholics were taught to look up to priests , women dropped by their priest - lovers " often lose their faith in men altogether " .
Her own five - year relationship had been platonic , but Antonella Carisio , one of the other signatories , said she had an affair with a Brazilian priest who frequently slept at her house .
When their relationship was discovered by another priest , he was transferred to Rome .
" When he left , he even gave me an engagement ring , " she said .
But he subsequently returned to Brazil and this week told the globalPost news agency : " She was a friend and a confidante , but I was never in love with her . "
No Cops in the Cloud Without a Warrant Law on government access to electronic info in desperate need of update .
April 9 , 2010  --
What do Google , Microsoft , AT&T , Intel , Americans for Tax Reform , ACLU , the American Library Association , the Competitive Enterprise Institute and the Electronic Frontier Foundation have in common ?
They actually all agree that the law covering government access to today 's sophisticated electronic communications is in desperate need of an update .
That law , the Electronic Communications Privacy Act ( ECPA ) , was adopted when the Internet was in its infancy .
The law was prescient for its time , setting out the rules for government access to electronic data .
But technology has evolved rapidly since that time .
And there is a widespread view among major companies and trade associations , advocacy groups and think tanks from across the political spectrum that this critical privacy law needs to be updated in light of modern technology .
The diverse interests came together last week to propose principles to guide revision of the law and launch the Digital Due Process coalition ( DPP ) .
The Law Has Not Kept Pace With Technology
When ECPA was adopted in 1986 , the Web did n't exist , commercial access to e-mail was limited and only a select few Americans had mobile phones ( large brick - shaped devices ) .
No one knew how these new mediums would develop but the rules about government access to the information that would flow over them were murky , at best .
Existing law only protected voice communications carried over a wire .
Many believed that cellular phone calls and e-mail enjoyed no constitutional protection .
Congress enacted ECPA to fill that void and extend protection to wireless and Internet communications so that these new technologies would be trusted by consumers and therefore able to grow .
What followed was the great technology boom .
Today , approximately three out of every four Americans are Internet users .
There are 277 million cell phones in use in the United States .
Cloud computing is all the rage , and exciting new location - based technologies are becoming ubiquitous .
But the rules governing how , when and under what circumstances law enforcement can get access to the information generated by these services is frozen in a 1986 vision of technology .
So DDP is proposing a set of principles for law enforcement access that will safeguard end - user privacy , provide clarity for service providers and enable law - enforcement officials to conduct effective and efficient investigations .
The recommendations focus on a handful of the most important issues that are arising daily under the current law .
Cloud Computing : Leveling the Privacy Playing Field
A document stored on a desk top computer is protected by the warrant requirement of the Fourth Amendment , but ECPA says that the same document stored with a service provider ( in the " cloud " ) is accessible to the government with a subpoena ( issued by prosecutors without a judge 's approval ) .
It says the same thing about e-mail more than six months old .
In other words , the mere fact that more and more people store their sensitive e-mail , documents , calendars and financial information in the Internet cloud instead of on their own computers means that more and more people enjoy less privacy than they used to .
Privacy protections should be technology neutral but today they are unnecessarily technology - specific .
In some instances , personal information stored online may not even be eligible for ECPA 's subpoena protections .
The law may not provide protection if the cloud service provider can access stored data for a purpose other than storage or processing .
But today it is a common business practice for e-mail and data - storage service providers to examine user communications for marketing , security and anti-spam purposes .
Everyday Business Practices May Strip Customers of Privacy Expectation
As the law is now written , the everyday business practices may strip their customers of any expectation of privacy .
That would mean that the government would not even need a subpoena to access this information .
So something has to change .
Operating without specific privacy laws threatens the development of cloud computing services and all of the efficiencies and capabilities they promise .
A cloud service can have the best privacy policy in the world and protect data with a high level of security , but because the law is out of date , it cannot provide assurance that the information you 've stored there is as safe from government access as the data on the hard drive of your home computer .
Will law enforcement buy into these changes ?
Consider that , today , most large cloud providers are U.S. companies and most store their data here .
If cloud providers in the United States cannot assure their customers of an adequate level of privacy against the government , those customers will go elsewhere .
And they will take their information with them to other countries , where it will be harder for U.S. law enforcement to access .
Treaties are helpful , but there 's no substitute for having the data nearby , within the jurisdiction of a U.S. court .
It may sound counterintuitive , but raising the standard for government access to cloud computing information makes it more likely that the data will be here , accessible to U.S. law enforcement agencies .
Failure to raise the standards in the United States means the data is more likely to be housed elsewhere , possibly out of reach of our law enforcement agencies .
Social Networking Information : Replacing Confusion With Clarity
What about those pictures you share with friends and family on Flickr or all that information you put up on Facebook for only " friends " to see ?
Are there any rules that protect this information from the prying eyes of government in a social media environment ?
When ECPA was drafted in 1986 , CompuServe was the closest thing to " social media " on the technological landscape ; the authors of ECPA could n't have foreseen the boomtown development of social media sites ; so now , how law enforcement is allowed to operate within the social media landscape is also unclear .
Rules about how and when government is allowed access to information kept by a social media service can vary wildly .
Naturally , this lack of clarity confounds the lawyers for social networking sites .
Government officials often do not know with certainty what authority they have to compel disclosure of a particular piece of information .
And consumers , meanwhile , are often most in the dark , left with a vague sense that maybe social networking is not so private .
Bottom line : the rules are murky and need to be made clearer for everyone .
The DDP coalition offers a simple solution :
The government should have to get a judicial warrant to read anyone 's private material just as they would if the material was stored in a home computer or a desk drawer .
Location , Location , Location
The proliferation of increasingly high - powered mobile devices has already given rise to the Internet 's first generation of location - based services and applications .
Nowadays , it is becoming easy to find a nearby restaurant or bookstore using your mobile device .
You can even find your friends and loved ones :
Some services allow a user to plot the location of friends on a map , making it easy to meet up .
But , ECPA provides no legal standard for law enforcement access to location information , resulting in a confusing mish - mash of court opinions .
A majority of lower court decisions have required a probable - cause warrant for real - time access to location information , but other courts have required far less .
Some courts make distinctions based on the precision of the location data .
GPS can provide more precise location than can other technologies , such as proximity to cell phone towers .
Some courts have made distinctions based on whether location information is real time , or historical .
This legal uncertainty not only complicates the job of law enforcement , but the lack of strong privacy standards can hold back consumer use of location - based services .
In a world where most Americans carry with them a cell phone that broadcasts their location about once every several seconds , it is time to afford this location data a very high level of protection .
The coalition is proposing that ECPA be updated to require the government to obtain a warrant from a judge before tracking the location of a cell phone or any other mobile communications device .
This warrant standard would apply regardless of the precision of the location information and whether it is prospective or retrospective .
The coalition 's principle would allow for exception in emergency cases , such as locating a missing person .
What Comes Next ?
The current uncertain state of the law serves no one well .
Consumers do not know how well their data is protected , law enforcement is uncertain about what kind of process to use to secure lawful access to different kinds of information , and the companies that hold the information do not know what their obligations are .
Any solution must balance the interests of law enforcement , privacy , and industry .
The launch of Digital Due Process marks a new phase in a long - term effort to bring protection to our 21st century communications .
The process of updating the laws is likely to last several years .
ECPA is complicated and although it is crucial to the privacy of Americans ' data , the statute is not well understood even by many policymakers and stakeholders .
Encouragingly , both the House and Senate Judiciary Committees have already signaled that they will hold hearings on ECPA reform this year .
In 1986 , Congress enacted the Electronic Communications Privacy
Act to foster new communications technologies by giving users confidence that their privacy would be respected .
By helping to further the growth of the Internet , ECPA proved monumentally important to the U.S. economy .
Now , technology has again jumped ahead .
It 's time to update ECPA so we can continue to innovate and grow , with our privacy intact .
Leslie Harris is president and CEO of the Center for Democracy & Technology .
Question - why would a woman want a man who produces more jizz ?
Like , are there any women who actually consider giant quantities of the stuff a nice bonus feature ?
This latest piece of news brought to you from the department of Men Who Have No Fucking Clue What Women Actually Want In A Man , just like the last 13212312 proclamations about men and desireability .
France on Wednesday condemned the Vatican for blaming gay priests for the paedophile scandal , saying it was “ unacceptable ” to lump the two together .
“ This is an unacceptable linkage and we condemn this , ” said Foreign Ministry spokesperson Bernard Valero .
Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , the Vatican ’s secretary of state , sparked a furore when he said on Monday that homosexuality , not celibacy among the clergy , was at fault for the child abuse crisis engulfing the Catholic Church .
The comments immediately stoked anger over the Vatican ’s handling of allegations that the church hierarchy worked to cover up paedophile crimes committed by their priests .
France , where Catholicism is the number one religion , was the first country to voice criticism over the remarks that have also outraged NGOs and rights activists .
“ France is firmly engaged in the struggle against discrimination and prejudice linked to sexual orientation and gender identity , ” Valero told reporters .
Speaking at a news conference in Santiago , Chile , on Monday , Bertone said : “ Many psychologists , many psychiatrists have demonstrated that there exists no relationship between celibacy and paedophilia . ”
“ But many others have demonstrated , and have told me recently , that there is a link between homosexuality and paedophilia .
This is true , this is the problem , ” said the Vatican ’s number two .
In Italy , gay rights activists were furious and accused the cardinal of seeking to divert attention away from the criminal behaviour of priests to homosexuality .
— AFP
NY Gubernatorial Candidate Carl Paladino ’s Racist and Sexist Email History
EXTREMELY GRAPHIC IMAGES IN THIS POST
It ’s been written countless times that Republican gubernatorial candidate Carl Paladino is something of a walking contradiction .
But let ’s take him at his word that the tragic death of his son Patrick in 2009 caused him to re-assess his life , his past , and his values .
He transformed politically from a fence - sitting opportunist to the conservative Republican tea - party - type he holds himself out as today .
In his plea to the Conservative Party , seeking their endorsement , he touted his anti-abortion , anti-gay - marriage stances .
He ’s all about the family values , and even counted Governor Paterson ’s admitted affair as evidence of Albany corruption – until the media found out about his own extramarital affair and child birthed out of wedlock .
So , there ’s already evidence of hypocrisy in Paladino ’s claim to be the standard - bearer for traditional conservative values .
He also has a big mouth .
“ I bring values , resiliency , a thick skin and I ’m not afraid to be confrontational ” , Paladino told the Buffalo News .
That sort of thing resonates with an angry , insular , socially conservative population such as we have here in Western New York .
Buffalo media trip over themselves to get access to Paladino , because practically everything he says has the potential of being hugely controversial .
Or , as the Daily News aptly put it , Paladino is a blowhard ; a “ clown ” .
The New York City area is chock - full of blowhard clowns .
Paladino purports to be the values candidate , but what will values voters say when they discover that he enjoys sending hardcore pornographic and racist emails around town ?
Last week , we received a deluge of emails that Carl Paladino had sent to a veritable who ’s who of Buffalo - area politicians , media types , hangers - on , hacks , and appointees .
Mostly , these are chain emails with a long provenance , including hundreds of email addresses of current and past recipients .
Every one of these was originally sent by or forwarded by Republican gubernatorial candidate Carl Paladino .
WNYMedia.net has confirmed their authenticity through several sources and different means .
They ’re real .
Although many of the emails included anti-Obama birther claims , and others were just pictures of naked women , ( one of each was sent to Paladino by a current Republican candidate for Volker ’s seat in the State Senate ) .
Some of Paladino ’s emails contain hardcore pornography .
One contains a video clip involving bestiality .
Other emails display an attitude of misogyny or blatant racism – the latter being an issue with which Paladino already has a problem , given his past dealings with , and criticisms of Antoine Thompson , Jim Pitts , Byron Brown , and Dr. James Williams .
Some of the emails and associated content are provided after the jump , since they ’re dramatically unsafe for work .
Frankly , a few are unsafe for anywhere .
1 . In December 2008 , Paladino forwarded a message entitled “ Obama Inauguration Rehearsal ” including a video clip showing African tribesmen dancing in a village .
This video is very popular in the white supremacist community and has been posted at the Neo - Nazi Stormfront website .
One of the recipients wrote this in response :
Paladino responded :
Yes , he used the whole , “ I hate everyone equally ” defense .
If you ’re Andrew “ Dice ” Clay or an anonymous guy in a corner tavern , this is usually overlooked as general racist boorishness , not so much when you intend to represent one of the most diverse population of citizens in the world .
2. January 6 , 2009 , Paladino sent this email around to his elite email list , and titled it , “ Proof the Irish discovered Africa ” :
Here ’s the video that accompanied the email :
3 . Here ’s an email marked as “ XX ” that Paladino annotated as “ a keeper ” to his recipients :
It contained a 3MB .wmv video entitled “ Miss France 2008 fucking ” :
4 . Here ’s a cute email from October 4 , 2009 , which portrays President Obama and the First Lady dressed in 70s pimp / prostitute / blaxploitation garb .
5. Paladino praises the talents of “ Linda Lovelace ’s granddaughter ”
6 . Here ’s a screen shot from a video Paladino sent around entitled “ Little Johnny ” :
It has a somewhat interesting provenance :
It ’s good to see city employees sending around softcore porn during business hours .
7 . One email entitled “ demotivated ” included several phony “ motivational ” posters , along with this one :
It featured this :
8. Lastly , the most disturbing one of all .
Republican gubernatorial candidate Carl Paladino sent around a bestiality video .
Seriously .
We do n’t pass judgment on what people want to send around to their friends .
Carl Paladino , private citizen , can send around all the bestiality videos he wants .
Carl Paladino the politician cannot .
A person ca n’t send viciously racist emails or graphic hardcore pornographic videos and then claim to be the Tea Party Christian values candidate .
These do n’t reflect values .
They reflect sexual excitement , sexual perversion , and racial animus .
We do n’t know how people are going to react to this , and wonder whether it ’s the sort of thing that people really expect or want from their elected officials .
Even the porn stuff – you might not think it ’s a big deal , but many people do .
In this political climate , it ’s safe to assume that the opportunists and hangers - on that make up much of Carl ’s activist base will dismiss this report as a “ smear ” and circle the wagons around their candidate .
It is the political culture wrought by Sarah Palin .
A reflexive defensiveness to criticism from the opposition on even the most obvious of hypocrisies , malevolence or provable falsehoods .
It ’s why Carl Paladino is morphing into Carl Palin - dino , New York State ’s own tea party fringe opportunist .
However , people who are just being introduced to Carl Paladino now know he ’s the kind of guy who enjoys videos of woman copulating with horses and sending racist emails which would make David Duke blush .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
05/07/2010
And we hear she finds ' Blu - Ray ' too suggestive of a certain sex act
by Jeremy Hooper
When reviewing Casino Royale , she included this bizarrely offensive accusation :
" Well , I gotta say , there is something icky in Casino Royale that feels very much like what we could call " the homosexual gaze . "
The women in the film , first of all , spend much of the film very ioconically [ sic ] made up - shall we say , like Liza Minelli or a Marilyn impersonator ?
Then , the women all end up as victims of sick and / or violent acts .
All three are tortured or threatened with torture .
Can we say the disdain of women is part of the homosexual " culture , " even unofficially ?
( Cause I have seen it first hand , and I 'm not in a mood to deny my own experience today . )
Anyway , I do n't recall women being tortured as part of the traditional Bond canon . " [ Source ]
On Milk , she said all this :
" Ugggggggggggggggggggggggggh .
I mean , ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww to the 87th power .
...
I 'm not even going to write what the storyline of this movie is , because I would n't want any of you to think that has too much to do with the actual true story of the seriously tragic and macabre character who was Harvey Milk .
The movie story might have gone into the twisted soul who over the course of his life drove four of his five lovers to commit suicide .
I mean come on - THAT'S A STORY !
( The only other man in history whom I have ever heard of who had that many suicides in his close inner circle was Hitler .... I 'm just saying ... )
The film fails basically because there just is n't any material in the biography to convincingly transform the radically narcissist , sex - obsessed community organizer , Milk into Ghandi .
They had to work so hard to sanitize this creepy dude , that they ended up stripping the movie of any potential interest .
It 's a bore .
But it 's a bore the way Triumph of the Will is ultimately a bore .
( Although , Leni Reifenstahl was a much more talented film maker than Van Sant . )
Propaganda is always a bore because it is innately insulting to the intelligence .
Theme : Homosexuality is a tragic and disordered behavior that retards human maturity and spiritual development .
( Cough ... Yeah , just kidding ....)
Can't say what the theme is .
It is the nearly irresistible downfall of biopic makers to disregard the need to establish a universal theme .
They always think the person they are in love with at the center of the story will be fascinating enough .
But valentines are tedious to anyone but the person to whom they are intended .
And so , in Milk the audience does n't care .
Performances : Contrary to what every critic is blathering , I thought this was some of Penn 's most banal work .
He played a homosexual man with a New York Jewish accent using every cliche about all those descriptors that one could have .
What makes a great performance is not the ability to imitate glaring traits like the limp - wristed gay flourish or the harsh Brooklyn slur , but rather subtle contradictions in character .
There was none of that here .
Penn 's
Milk is all one note - wide - eyed and full of self - righteous passion with moments of giddiness bordering on silly .
James Franco just looked awkward and embarrassed .
I read an interview in which he said Penn had to pressure him into having extended kisses and love scenes .
No doubt .
Other notes :
This one is just icky .
The sodomy - as - love scenes are creepy in the way that they always must be .
You can tell us that they are the same as heterosexual love scenes , but they 're not . "
... [ Source ]
On Brokeback , there was these takeaways :
" If there was anything propagandistic about the film , it was the way in which every straight male character in the film was a total jack - ass .
But again , this just goes to the idea that same - sex attraction comes from people getting dropped on their head , not from God having made them that way . "
...
" I can't really recommend the film .
It is n't good enough to justify getting the images in your head of men doing their twisted enemas - as - act of love thing "
So where do these kinds of over - the - top assessments ( Hitler comparisons ?
Really ? ) get Hollywood - focused evangelical Barbara Nicolosi ?
Well , if you work at Focus on the Family , you give Ms. Nicolosi the prime " Friday Five " slot , where the House that Dobson built dedicates space and time to someone who they see as making an impact :
So how does Hollywood affect policy ?
I think Hollywood normalizes lifestyles that are probably not normal .
And it does it because entertainment is built around “ better than the real . ”
The real being what everyone is living is not entertaining .
It ’s not different enough .
So Hollywood looks for things that are different and then puts them on the screen 25 feet high or in television week after week after week .
Friday Five : Barbara Nicolosi [ Citizenlink ]
Can you even imagine if this person had accused any other male population as holding " disdain for women " as part of their culture ?
Or if she were comparing any other civil rights figure to Hitler , or directly likening any other respected film revolving in large part around a certain community 's struggle over adversity to a Nazi propaganda picture ( that 's what Triumph of the Will is , for those who do n't know ) ?
Groups like Focus on the Family would never consider fostering that person 's work .
Or if they did , the outrage would be deafening .
But since these are gay people we 're talking about and the majority of evangelical groups are still allowed to demean that population as having a " retard[ed ] human maturity and spiritual development " just as long as they promise to go to church on Sunday , such an " expert " gets a red- carpeted platform to tell us all about morality and art and what is and is not " normal . "
Two thumbs are certainly not the fingers we 'd used to gauge this kind of society - weakening , people - shunning mindset !
***
* RELATED :
* Pretty sure not RELATED : " Ex- gay " researcher Joseph Nicolosi
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Description
Hobo 3 continues with the story line where Hobo is a wanted fugitive after escaping from prison , and the government wants him dead or alive .
NOTICE : Anyone is free to make videos of my games .
Sharing video game experiences with others is really nice .
It gives me some exposure while the people who make the videos get something back in return .
I fully support the monetisation of any video you make containing footage from my games .
As long as you do n’t claim to be the creator of my games , it ’s all good !
Throwing my name , SeethingSwarm , as the creator into the description or into the video itself is also always appreciated .
“ Lord , give me chastity and self - control — but not yet . ”
— Prayer of the young Saint Augustine , c.380 A.D .
The scandals may be coming thick and strong from the Vatican at the moment , but the Church has always waged a losing battle with its own vice - ridden staff .
The problem was that transgressions from official policy often began at the top .
Fellow priests put one of the first popes , Sixtus III ( 432 -40 ) , on trial for seducing a nun .
He was acquitted after quoting from Christ in his defense : “ Let you who are without sin cast the first stone . ”
In the centuries to follow , political skullduggery and a corrupt election process thrust one improbable candidate after another into the position as god-fearing believers looked on in impotent horror .
In fact , so many Vicars of Christ have been denounced as the “ Worst Pope Ever ” that we have to settle for a Top Ten list .
1. Sergius III ( 904 - 11 ) , known by his cardinals as “ the slave of every vice , ” came to power after murdering his predecessor .
He had a son with his teenage mistress — the prostitute Marozia , 30 years his junior — and their illegitimate son grew up to become the next pope .
With top Vatican jobs auctioned off like baubles , the papacy entered its “ dark century . ”
2 . The 16 - year - old John XII ( 955 -64 ) was accused of sleeping with his two sisters and inventing a catalog of disgusting new sins .
Described by a church historian as “ the very dregs , ” he was killed at age 27 when the husband of one of his mistresses burst into his bedroom , discovered him in flagrante , and battered his skull in with a hammer .
3. Benedict IX , ( 1032 - 48 ) continually shocked even his most hardened cardinals by debauching young boys in the Lateran Palace .
Repenting of his sins , he actually abdicated to a monastery , only to change his mind and seize office again .
He was “ a wretch who feasted on immorality , ” wrote Saint Peter Damian , “ a demon from hell in the disguise of a priest . ”
Boniface VIII
4 . After massacring the entire population in the Italian town of Palestrina , Boniface VIII ( 1294-1303 ) indulged in ménages with a married woman and her daughter and became renowned through Rome as a shameless pedophile .
He famously declared that having sex with young boys was no more a sin than rubbing one hand against the other — which should make him the patron saint of Boston priests today .
The poet Dante reserved a place for him in the eighth circle of Hell .
5 . All pretense at decorum was abandoned when the papacy moved to Avignon in southern France for 75 years .
Bon vivant Clement VI ( 1342 -52 ) was called “ an ecclesiastical Dionysus ” by the poet Petrarch for the number of mistresses and the severity of his gonorrhea .
Upon his death , 50 priests offered Mass for the repose of his soul for nine consecutive days , but French wits agreed that this was nowhere near enough .
Sixtus IV
6 . Decamping back to Rome , the papacy hit its true low point in the Renaissance .
( Church historian Eamon Duffy compares Rome to Nixon ’s Washington , “ a city of expense - account whores and political graft . ” )
Sixtus IV ( 1471 - 84 ) , who funded the Sistine Chapel , had six illegitimate sons — one with his sister .
He collected a Church tax on prostitutes and charged priests for keeping mistresses , but critics argued that this merely increased the prevalence of clerical homosexuality .
Innocent VIII
7 . The rule of Innocent VIII ( 1484 -92 ) is remembered as the Golden Age of Bastards :
He acknowledged eight illegitimate sons and was known to have many more , although he found time between love affairs to start up the Inquisition .
On his death bed , he ordered a comely wet nurse to supply him with milk fresh from the breast .
Alexander VI
8 . The vicious Rodrigo Borgia , who took the name Alexander VI ( 1492 - 1503 ) , presided over more orgies than masses , wrote Edward Gibbon .
A career highlight was the 1501 “ Joust of the Whores , ” when 50 dancers were invited to slowly strip around the pope ’s table .
Alexander and his family gleefully threw chestnuts on the floor , forcing the women to grovel around their feet like swine ; they then offered prizes of fine clothes and jewelry for the man who could fornicate with the most women .
Alexander ’s other hobbies included watching horses copulate , which would make him “ laugh fit to bust . ”
After his death — quite possibly poisoned by his pathological son , Cesar Borgia — this pope ’s body was expelled from the basilica of Saint Peter as too evil to be buried in sacred soil .
Julius II
9. Julius II ( 1503 - 13 ) is remembered for commissioning Michelangelo to paint the Sistene Chapel ’s ceiling .
He was also the first pope to contract “ the French disease , ” syphilis , from Rome ’s male prostitutes .
On Good Friday of 1508 , he was unable to allow his foot to be kissed by the faithful as it was completely covered with syphilitic sores .
10 . Incurable romantic Julius III ( 1550 - 55 ) fell in love with a handsome young beggar boy he spotted brawling with a vendor ’s monkey in the streets .
The pope went on to appoint this illiterate 17 - year - old urchin a cardinal , inspiring an epic poem , “ In Praise of Sodomy , ” probably written by a disgruntled archbishop in his honor .
• 11 May 2010
By Bonnie Erbe , Thomas Jefferson Street blog
Talk about emphasizing and reinvigorating differences .
I give Olympic Gold to one Peter Beinart , who argues on thedailybeast.com that not only should President Obama appoint another woman to the Supreme Court , but he should appoint a woman with children .
Beinart argues that too many women without children are appointed to high level government positions , and so Mr. Obama 's next Supreme Court appointment should be a mother , not just a woman .
He also refers to the 20 percent of Americans over 40 with no children as " childless , " as if we are lacking something , instead of as " child free , " which is what we are .
Obviously his opinion annoys me .
It 's also dumb .
Why should he separate out child - free women from women with children ?
There are already enough sore points between the groups when it comes to such things as family leave time .
But the fact is , women without children achieve , on average , more in their career lives because they spend more time at work than those with children to raise .
My suggestion is that women who want kids marry men who want them equally .
Women should require their spouses to share the child - rearing equally .
They should refuse to become the " single mothers with spouses " that most married women with children become .
I had this very discussion last week with a graduate school friend who visited from the other coast .
She had an Ivy League degree and a promising career before she had two children .
Her husband wanted kids but took little interest in them when they were small .
He used his time to build a fabulous career .
She flushed her chance at real world success down the drain and became a willing slave to her children .
Now that the kids have grown , she wishes she could have had a more rewarding career .
Women will reach parity in the success arena when men do half the child - rearing and not before .
That 's no reason to penalize child - free women .
Beinart also , by the way , urges President Obama to appoint a mother to the Supreme Court , ignoring the fact two of the three women who have served on the court ( Justices O'Connor and Ginsburg ) have been mothers .
Two out of three is fair representation .
There 's no discrimination against mothers in those percentages .
It emerged after the pair were arrested that they had attempted to break into the wrong prison .
They had staged the attempted jail - break at the Isle of Wight ’s Albany site , while the relative they were looking for was locked up in the nearby Cramp Hill unit .
It has been said that if you give a man a fish you feed him for a day , though if you teach a man to fish you feed him for life .
But times have changed .
Now we know that only if you save species of fish from overexploitation will there be hope of providing food for a lifetime , let alone for generations that follow .
Fish and other sea creatures historically valued solely as commodities are critically important to healthy ocean ecosystems , which in turn provide benefits to humankind .
Yet the ocean is in deep trouble .
Fish populations once thought to be inexhaustible now face the prospect of becoming extinct for any commercial purpose – and even completely disappearing – if policy changes are not made soon .
Iconic species such as bluefin tuna ( pdf ) and many kinds of sharks demonstrate the gravity of the issue .
Optimistic reports find that between 18 % and 28 % of Atlantic bluefin tuna remain from the number in the sea half a century ago ; others estimate that there are fewer than 10 % .
Meanwhile , a number of shark species ( pdf ) have declined by more than 90 % in some areas , due largely to the growing international trade in shark fins .
It is not too late to save these animals and reverse their decline .
Protection for whales , while not universal , has resulted in a gradual recovery of several greatly depleted species .
African elephants , poached in many countries to a fraction of historic numbers for their ivory tusks , began to recover following a ban on international ivory commerce .
International trade controls are working to give ocelots , jaguars , alligators and crocodiles , hunted for their skins , a better chance for survival .
Governments belonging to the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora ( Cites ) , a treaty used to protect wild animals and plants from overexploitation for international commerce , will soon meet in Qatar .
There , they will decide whether or not Atlantic bluefin tuna and several shark species receive needed protections .
The treaty , among 175 countries , provides a vital , enforceable tool to prevent the depletion and eventual disappearance of species subject to trade .
It limits or prohibits international trafficking in plants and animals that are at risk owing to such trade .
If populations recover and sustainable use can be demonstrated , restrictions may be removed .
An expert panel assembled by the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation agrees that the Atlantic bluefin tuna merits a Cites Appendix I listing , which stops trade completely .
International seafood markets and expensive sushi restaurants the world over prize these animals , giving them the distinction of the world 's most expensive fish .
They are being targeted relentlessly by modern industrial scale fishing operations that serve a high - end luxury market .
Delegates to the Cites meeting will also consider eight species of sharks for a level of protection that does not ban trade but requires export permits for any transactions once trade is confirmed to be legal and sustainable .
As many as 73 million sharks are killed every year for their fins , a delicacy in China and other Asian markets .
Some sharks , taken for their meat , may live for decades and have unusually low reproductive rates – characteristics that lead to rapid decline when fished commercially .
Unfortunately , delegations at many international fisheries management meetings have been led by each country 's fisheries agency , and typically maintain close ties to the very industry they regulate .
Over the years , these organisations have failed to prevent declines in Atlantic bluefin tuna and other heavily exploited species .
With fish populations at a fraction of historic levels , it is time to act .
International trade controls can make a difference for these species where the actions of individual countries have repeatedly failed .
The increased attention that will be focused on marine fish at the Cites meeting in March is welcome , given the dire status of bluefin tuna , hammerhead sharks and others that will be considered .
It may take decades for these species to recover , but unless actions are taken now , the future appears bleak .
Our children may condemn us for allowing them to disappear .
Or maybe , just maybe , they will salute us for taking action while there still is time .
There was a time when American businesses actually took pride in being American businesses , employing Americans .
Now that The World Is Flat , companies are in a constant game of musical chairs , seeking out the cheapest possible foreign locations to bump the price of stocks .
Even if a federal subsidy helped them bump up their first quarter profits :
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Federal rebates for energy - efficient appliances pulled shoppers back into stores , helping Whirlpool Corp .'s revenue rise and its first - quarter profit more than double , the company said .
Guess how Whirlpool is repaying American taxpayers for their support :
Whirlpool Corporation is shutting down a refrigerator plant in Evansville , Indiana that will put 1100 people out of work .
Are they having trouble selling refrigerators in these bad economic times ?
No. Whirlpool is profitable and still selling plenty of refrigerators here .
But they want to ship these jobs to Mexico where they can produce them cheaper and without having to respect U.S. labor and environmental regulations .
Whirlpool took $ 19 million in economic recovery money and now instead of helping our economy recover , it ’s destroying 1100 good American jobs .
The AFL - CIO has started an online petition drive telling Whirlpool to “ Keep It Made In America ” to save our jobs .
You can find it at unionvoice.org / campaign / Evansville .
The AFL - CIO says Whirlpool should reverse its decision to keep these 1100 jobs in the U.S. and help our economic recovery .
The labor federation says taxpayer economic recovery money should be used to create jobs in America , not ship them to cheap labor markets in other countries .
I know if I ever buy another refrigerator , it wo n't be a Whirlpool .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A man has been arrested in connection with the failed car - bomb attack in New York City on Saturday evening .
Faisal Shahzad , a US citizen of Pakistani origin , is due to appear in a Manhattan court later to face charges of driving the bomb into Times Square .
US Attorney General Eric Holder said Mr Shahzad was detained at John F Kennedy Airport in New York on Monday as he attempted to leave for Dubai .
Mr Holder said it was clear the bomb had been intended to kill Americans .
" This investigation is ongoing , as are our attempts to gather useful intelligence , and we continue to pursue a number of leads . "
ANALYSIS By Steve Kingstone , BBC News , Washington
The attorney general implied that there might be a foreign terrorist link .
He said that as well as trying to detain suspects and question them , his organisation would be trying to gather intelligence about overseas terrorist organisations .
That 's a little bit different from what we 've heard until now - the authorities had implied that this was a low - level and amateurish affair .
Officials said Mr Shahzad , who reportedly only became a naturalised US citizen last year , was believed to have recently bought the car that was found loaded with improvised explosives in the heart of Times Square .
The FBI said it had searched his house in Bridgeport , Connecticut , on Tuesday .
They removed several filled plastic bags from inside .
US reports say the 30 - year - old recently returned from a five - month visit to Pakistan .
They say he was tracked for two days by investigators using evidence found in the vehicle and the unexploded bomb components .
Mr Shahzad has told investigators he acted alone , unnamed US law enforcement officials say .
However , they are still exploring whether he or others who might have been involved had been in contact with people or groups overseas .
On Sunday , the Pakistani Taliban said it was responsible for the failed bombing attempt and it threatened suicide attacks on major US cities .
US officials said they had no evidence to support the claims .
The BBC's Aleem Maqbool in Islamabad says soon after the news broke of Mr Shahzad 's arrest , a senior Pakistani security source said he was " not surprised " by the connection with his country .
The bomb was discovered and dismantled before it could explode
But government officials also point out that this is not just a Pakistani security problem , it is an American one as well , he says .
There is scepticism among experts in Pakistan about a direct Taliban link , our correspondent adds .
There are numerous militant groups , and potentially hundreds of people an individual could approach for militant training in Pakistan .
Meanwhile , Emirates Airlines said the US authorities had removed two other people from its flight to Dubai on Monday .
It is unclear whether they were connected to Mr Shahzad .
" Full security procedures were activated , including the deplaning of all passengers and a thorough screening of the aircraft , passengers , and baggage , " it said in a statement quoted by the AFP news agency .
' Significant fireball '
The car containing a bomb made from fertiliser , fireworks , petrol and propane gas tanks was left in Times Square on Saturday evening .
The 1993 Nissan Pathfinder was parked with its engine running and hazard lights flashing .
FAISAL SHAHZAD Aged 30 Naturalised US citizen born in Pakistan Resident of Bridgeport , Connecticut Reports say he recently returned from five - month visit to Pakistan
New York spooked but defiant Eyewitnesses to evacuation Profile : Times Square Profile : Faisal Shahzad
The bomb was discovered and dismantled before it could explode after a street - vendor noticed smoke coming from the vehicle and alerted police .
Mr Holder told a news conference that investigators were pursuing several leads , adding : " We will not rest until we have brought everyone responsible to justice . "
He urged the American people to " remain vigilant " and report anything suspicious to the authorities .
Mr Holder said the attempted car bombing " would have been a deadly attack had it been successful " .
He added : " It 's clear that the intent behind this terrorist act was to kill Americans . "
Times Square was packed with tourists and theatregoers when the alarm was raised .
Police evacuated a wide area of the district and closed subway lines , while a controlled explosion was carried out .
Officials said the bomb was crude , but could have sparked a " significant fireball " and sprayed shrapnel with enough force to kill pedestrians and knock out windows .
Investigators initially focused on a man who was seen on one video walking away from the area where the car was parked .
He looked over his shoulder at least twice and pulled off a shirt , revealing a red T - shirt underneath .
New York 's police commissioner said investigators still wanted to speak to the man , but acknowledged that he might not be connected to the bombing attempt .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As an 8 - year - old boy in Denmark , Bruno Frohlich wanted to be a musician .
He became a church organist ’s assistant , yearning to create the haunting sound that poured from the instrument ’s pipes .
But Frohlich soon became more interested in how the organ worked ; the church organist arrived one morning to find his young pupil taking apart the instrument with a screwdriver and a hammer .
Frohlich , 64 , and now a research anthropologist at the National Museum of Natural History , is still fascinated with musical instruments — though he has found a less destructive way to study them .
In his laboratory sits a massive CT scanner , which is normally used to create three - dimensional images of human tissue .
Frohlich uses it to probe the anatomy of the world ’s greatest violins , including those made by Antonio Stradivari between 1677 and 1727 .
Musicians throughout Europe traveled to Italy to purchase Stradivari ’s violins .
His competitors tried to figure out his “ secret ” — or , failing that , simply put his name on their violins .
Today , artisans and scientists are still struggling to recreate the Stradivari sound .
Some have chipped varnish off the violins , hoping to discover a special chemical compound .
Others have built their own instruments , using artificially aged wood .
But Frohlich puts no stock in secret ingredients .
He prefers an investigation into all elements of the violins ’ design .
“ There ’s no way we can do a study focusing on just one small thing , ” he says .
Nor does he see much value in trying to assess how a violin actually sounds — mainly because there is no objective way to measure euphony , where beauty is in the ear of the beholder .
Still , the popularity of Stradivari ’s instruments attests to their having struck a chord among many musicians .
Over the past ten years , Frohlich has scanned nearly 50 violins and other stringed instruments — by Stradivari , his contemporaries and current artisans .
He is still compiling data , but has come to some initial conclusions .
One distinguishing characteristic of a Stradivari violin is a consistent volume of air within it , which can affect tone quality .
And , while the wood in other violins can be several millimeters thick , many of the Stradivari instruments Frohlich has studied are just one millimeter thick in places of the body .
Frohlich is not certain whether the thinner wood contributes to the instrument ’s unique sound .
More likely , he suggests , musicians simply preferred a violin that weighed less — allowing for more comfort with the instrument and better performances .
Until now , there has been no way for instrument makers to quantify such characteristics and correlate them to musicians ’ preferences for dark , low tones that linger in the air and for richness and depth of sound .
“ What we might find from Frohlich ’s work is that there ’s a way to describe a perfect air volume before you hear it , before we finish the violin , ” says John Montgomery , a vio­lin maker who repairs instruments at Smithsonian museums and the Library of Congress .
Such knowledge , he adds , “ can be repeated from one instrument to the next . ”
Once Frohlich is done analyzing the data , he says , he ’ll work with Montgomery to make the results available to instrument makers — something unthinkable in Stradivari ’s day .
“ In the old days you had this very rigid master - apprentice relationship , and it was very secretive , ” Montgomery says .
“ You were n’t allowed to tell people what you knew , you had to keep it to your trade . ”
But Frohlich ’s research could transform the crafting of violins from solo performances into symphonies .
New rumors are flying about the latest additions to iPhone OS 4.0 , the latest iteration of the iPhone operating system scheduled for public release this summer .
Based on the latest developer release , the upcoming OS will supposedly offer new features such as file sharing , orientation screen lock , new iPod controls , and a simplified method for killing apps running in the background .
It also appears that Apple may have a few surprises up its sleeve regarding a new iPhone device , despite exhaustive reporting in April about the now - famous lost iPhone 4G .
But remember : even though these features have been discovered in the latest developer release of iPhone OS 4.0 , there 's no guarantee yet that they will make it into the official release .
So with that caveat , here 's what 's been found :
HD video capture
The latest version of the iPhone OS 4.0 SDK suggests the next iPhone device may be able to record high - definition video , according to MacRumors .
A new addition to the SDK's Image Capture framework may allow applications to capture video at 1280x720 resolution , also known as 720 p high - def video .
File sharing
The latest beta of iPhone OS 4.0 will allow you to share files between your computer and your iPhone through the iTunes interface , according to Boy Genius Report .
All you have to do is connect your handset to the computer , select your iPhone in the left hand column of iTunes under ' Devices , ' click on the ' Apps ' tab and scroll down to ' File Sharing . '
Right now it appears this feature is only for sharing files with your iPhone 's Mail application .
It 's also not clear if this feature will make it into the final version of iPhone OS 4.0 , because at the time of this writing , only Boy Genius Report was making references to the new file sharing feature .
Screen orientation lock and iPod controls
Image courtesy of MacStories .
The latest beta release allows you to lock the screen orientation so that the iPhone screen wo n't switch between landscape and portrait mode .
Sitting alongside the new orientation lock will be a set of regular iPod controls including play / pause , move forward , move back , and an iPod application icon .
There seems to be some disagreement about how you access the new controls .
9 - to - 5 Mac and Macstories are reporting that you flick the homescreen to the left from your first page of applications , similar to how you access spotlight right now .
But Boy Genius
Report says you have to double tap on the home screen , which brings up Apple 's multitasking dock , and then swipe to the left .
The multitasking dock in iPhone OS 4.0 allows you to kill apps running in the background .
Orientation lock is a great feature for stopping the iPhone 's highly responsive accelerometer from shifting the screen view every time you change position when lying in bed or on the couch .
Some iPhone apps , like Amazon 's Kindle for iPhone , already offer a screen lock feature .
But unlike the Kindle app , the iPhone 's native orientation lock will only lock in portrait , and not landscape , view .
However , since this is just a developer release , it 's possible Apple could add landscape orientation lock in upcoming releases .
App killing
Image courtesy of MacStories .
To kill apps running in the background in the new iPhone OS 4.0 , all you have to do is call up the multitasking dock , press and hold one of the apps running in the background until a delete button appears next to each application icon .
Then you just select all the apps you want to terminate .
Previously , in iPhone OS 4.0 you had to call up the multitasking dock , press and hold an application to trigger the kill switch and repeat the press and hold for every app you wanted to terminate .
The press and hold method is similar to how you move or delete iPhone apps in the current iPhone OS .
So what do you think iPhone owners ?
Any of the new rumored features strike your fancy ?
Connect with Ian on Twitter ( @ianpaul ) .
Over at the MasterResource blog , climate scientist Chip Knappenberger , who is skeptical of predictions of impending catastrophic man-made global warming , does some calculating to find out just how much climate would be " saved " by the Kerry - Lieberman carbon rationing scheme :
" The global temperature " savings " of the Kerry - Lieberman bill is astoundingly small — 0.043 °C ( 0.077 °F ) by 2050 and 0.111 °C ( 0.200 °F ) by 2100 .
In other words , by century 's end , reducing U.S. greenhouse gas emissions by 83 % will only result in global temperatures being one - fifth of one degree Fahrenheit less than they would otherwise be .
That is a scientifically meaningless reduction . "
One crucial assumption in Knappenberger 's calculations is that other countries in the world will not impose carbon rationing on their citizens .
Go here for the whole Knappenberger analysis .
Through the season ’s first four games , Toronto FC showed flashes of brilliance .
The problem was that those glimpses were fleeting .
A good 45 minutes was accompanied by lapses in which the team could n’t score , defend or even complete multiple passes .
But on Sunday afternoon at a wet and windy BMO Field , the Reds turned in their most complete performance of the season .
The result was a 2 - 0 win over the Seattle Sounders before 18,394 fans .
“ Every game we ’ve played spurts .
Today , we played a good 90 minutes and it ’s real good to see , ” said Dwayne De Rosario , who scored the winner in the 58{ + t} { +h} minute and then set up O’Brian White in the 76{ + t} { +h} minute to end the suspense .
“ As a whole unit , it was first class . ”
The Reds ’ best players were their best on the day .
De Rosario scored for the fourth straight game .
Midfielder Julian de Guzman , who signed as the team ’s first designated player late last season , played his most complete game in a TFC jersey .
Goalkeeper Stefan Frei made some key saves in recording his first shutout of the season and sixth of his career .
After a host of roster changes through the late stages of the pre-season and the first couple of games that mattered , the Reds struggled to develop cohesion and comfort with each other .
“ We ’re overcoming that hump now , ” said de Guzman , who blamed his “ bone - headed error ” on the decisive goal in a 3 - 1 loss in Colorado last weekend , said of the increasing confidence players have in the team .
“ We have a better understanding of each other . ”
De Guzman controlled the play in the middle of the field .
He made several good passes forward , generating scoring chances , and showed superb skill on the ball .
“ I felt a lot more confident this game , ” he said .
“ In total , I think everyone ( did ) . ”
On the first goal , Chad Barrett nicely worked the ball onto the left edge of the penalty area and got himself free only to hit referee Jorge Gonzalez with his cross .
The ball bounced to Osvaldo Alonso who stumbled over it as he tried to clear it from harm ’s way .
De Rosario stripped the ball from Alonso , stepped to his right and thumped a low , curling right - footed shot that goalkeeper Kasey Keller only got a piece of as it found the corner .
It was De Rosario ’s fifth goal of the season .
White added the insurance less than 20 minutes later .
Dan Gargan started the counter - attack with a long ball to De Rosario who played a perfect pass across the penalty area where White calmly stroked a left - footer past a helpless Keller to make it 2 - 0 .
The goal , the third of White ’s career , was the first TFC strike this season by anyone other than De Rosario .
The game was hard fought , especially the first half , when Jorge Gonzalez handed out three yellow cards — two to TFC players , one to Seattle .
Tempers flared on both sides as the referee got an earful from each side .
Frei , who came into the game with the second - worst goals against average in Major League Soccer at 2.50 , made four saves on the day .
He had a point - blank stop off Nathan Sturgis in the 50{ + t} { +h} minute to keep the game scoreless and then slid out to block a shot by Brad Evans who got in behind the defence just three minutes after De Rosario ’s goal .
Frei also robbed Fredy Montero in close in the 84{ + t} { +h} minute to preserve the clean sheet .
“ Fortunately , I was able to make the saves when called upon , ” Frei said .
“ But I thought the team played a great 90 minutes today .
“ We all know that we can play but it ’s great to finally put it together on the weekend and show everybody . ”
TFC ( 2 - 3 - 0 ) has little time to savour the win .
They return to BMO Field Wednesday night to begin defence of their Canadian championship against the Montreal Impact .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Coach Preki Radosavljevic called the scoreless first half “ some of the best football we played all season . ”
His main concern was the side still pushing six men forward even after making it 2 - 0 , noting “ we ca n’t be that naïve ” as it could have let Seattle back in .
“ Overall , the commitment of the group was superb , ” said Preki , noting it will give the team confidence heading into Wednesday and then a visit to defending MLS Cup champions Real Salt Lake on Saturday night .
“ We ’re going to make sure that we regroup , enjoy this win for the next five minutes and get ready for Wednesday night ’s game , ” he said .
Maybe moving $ 300 fans is harder than Dyson expected , or perhaps Dyson 's engineers are just flat out of things to do .
Either way , this Rube Goldberg - ian balloon course , made from God knows how many Air Multiplier bladeless fans , is mesmerizing .
Dyson 's official explanation :
Dyson engineers were asked to show how inducement and entrainment of air works on the Air Multiplier fan .
If you watch closely , the balloon is sucked from behind and to the side of the fan this is inducement and entrainment at work .
Lots of experimentation with different sized balloons and other objects produced this video .
And although edited to include our successful attempts , the video is made from completely genuine footage ( and no , the balloon isnt attached to anything ) .
Automobiles , which will be increasingly connected to the Internet in the near future , could be vulnerable to hackers just as computers are now , two teams of computer scientists are warning in a paper to be presented next week .
The scientists say that they were able to remotely control braking and other functions , and that the car industry was running the risk of repeating the security mistakes of the PC industry .
“ We demonstrate the ability to adversarially control a wide range of automotive functions and completely ignore driver input — including disabling the brakes , selectively braking individual wheels on demand , stopping the engine , and so on , ” they wrote in the report , “ Experimental Security Analysis of a Modern Automobile . ”
In the paper , which will be presented at a computer security conference next week in Oakland , Calif. , computer security specialists at the University of Washington and the University of California , San Diego , report that while modern cars have extensive safety engineering in the design of their computer control systems , little thought has been given to the potential threat of hackers who may want to take over the networks that increasingly control modern cars .
Meet Randy
After graduating from the University of Tennessee with a degree in Business in 1978 , I moved to Hilton Head Island to work with .
In 1979 , I received my Real Estate Brokers License and in 1985 I went to work as a full - time sales agent acting as Broker in Charge of the Real Estate Sales department .
On a professional level , I was elected as President of the Hilton Head Area Association of Realtors for 2002 and now serve as President of the Hilton Head MLS for 2004 through 2011 .
In addition , I have served on the state level as a State Director for the South Carolina Association of Realtors in 2001 , 2002 , 2003 , 2006 , 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , 2010 and 2011 .
My earlier experience with Hilton Head rental management has given me insight into the needs and desires of the real estate investor .
With over 30 years of experience in this market , I can help the investor find the property that is right for their particular level of investment and determine the best time to sell or exchange .
For current owners of Hilton Head Real Estate , I can assist you in selling at the highest possible price in the shortest amount of time by selling your property as an investment .
I use the latest web based technology including multiple web sites , digital images , IDX data feeds , eflyers , electronic lead generation and automatic response emails .
The listing data on my website is updated every morning through a feed from the Hilton Head Island MLS .
My site also features quick search buttons for Sea Pines , Forest Beach , Shipyard and Palmetto Dunes .
On the site you will find Hilton Head Island and Bluffton Maps , along with buttons for Hilton Head Foreclosures and Short Sales .
If you are looking to buy or sell Hilton Head Real Estate you have come to the right place !
It 's no secret that Digg is a terrible place for women , whether as conversation topics , authors , or participants .
But the same factors behind the social news site 's hostile environment are also making Digg obsolete .
Advertisement
Digg , for the uninitiated , is a five - and - half year - old site that allows users to submit and vote up or down on news stories and other items around the web .
Not long ago , it was being heralded as a democratized savior of the news .
It 's still one of the most - trafficked sites on the web .
It 's also incredibly sexist .
Women tend to appear on Digg in the following ways : golddigging , posing half - naked by cars ( though never driving them competently ) , never inventing anything worth shit ( " You know what men invented ?
Everything else ! " ) , forcing men to go shopping with them , trying to cheat by offering sexual favors , probably cheating on their loyal partners and being subject to rightful revenge .
If we 're not bad at math and science , we 're ugly .
( All of these posts were wildly popular on the site , requiring thousands of affirmative votes . )
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Digg is a safe space to vent these views , whenever women happen to pierce users ' consciousness — which is n't very often , because women do n't usually get to choose the conversation .
In fact , as of last fall , numbers suggested that whereas Facebook and Twitter were majority female , Digg alone among " social media , " broadly construed , was 64 percent male .
But on some threads , it 's hard to believe there are even as many as 36 percent women .
There is moderation on the site , explicitly banning porn , nudity , and even cursing ( rendered in asterisks ) .
There is even a community guideline that reads , " Do n't be sexist , racist or a hater . "
And although there have been raging debates about whether Digg is sexist , they 've stopped because Digg 's sexism has been recognized as a given .
Why is Digg so sexist ?
Its users have offered their own explanations .
" In real life , Diggers are far too scared to talk to women , much less be chauvinistic towards them , " wrote peterjmag on one of the most popular posts on Digg of the last year , with over 9,000 diggs , a screengrab of a girl who turned to Yahoo Answers for a comeback to a sexist remark .
" Men do n't degrade women online , we degrade everyone online , " wrote another user .
" This includes ourselves !
If you look at the comments I think we actually hate ourselves more than the women that whine , which is quite a feat . "
Advertisement
Whether for philosophical reasons or because they do n't want to make the monetary or time investment , Digg execs have been rather hands off about all this .
They told us they would n't be able to talk to us by our deadline , but in an interview with Fast Company in November 2008 ( after a controversy that resulted in the banning of a few dozen users ) , Digg executive Beth Murphy said ,
" The crowd based community management is always imperfect .
We 've tried to give the community as many tools to do this .
Digg does skew younger , it does skew male , it does skew early adopter .
But it 's tough to characterize Digg as a monolithic community - there are pockets that are sexist racist , homophobic - certainly .
There are trolls and people might see over indexing of these folks .
But equally there 's the other side of the coin ....
Sexism in general is a cultural grey area .
We have to ask ourselves — is this using the First Amendment right to be offensive yet not crossing the line to become true bannable offense . "
Advertisement
But wait , you say .
Anyone can join Digg .
It 's a democracy !
What 's to stop women from changing this eminently influential community ?
Certainly , there are a few active female Diggers .
When conversations about Digg 's sexism take places , as they have occasionally , they can pipe up to say how little it matters that they 're female .
And that the Internet is full of degradation and you should get over it .
Or , in the words of one user : " And I agree that it can be homophobic and racist and so many other things .
We just can't give it power , and [ Jen Nedeau , author of a Digg critique ] , gave it power .
I was fine being a girl on digg , but she brought attention to the fact that I 'm a girl .
It 's like who cares ! "
Anyone vocally taking issue with content on the site can expect to see something like this ( click to enlarge ) :
Advertisement
Can you blame so many women for going elsewhere to get their news , entertainment , and feedback ?
It turns out Digg itself is , to put it bluntly , gasping for relevance .
Yes , the Internet is fickle , as is the media that covers it , and it could n't be heralded as the next revolution forever .
But it 's being dwarfed by Twitter and Facebook ( and that 's even without being able to count Twitter usage through various desktop and mobile client ) .
The company is redesigning to make it more social , moving towards " a personalization model . "
The current model seems to be actively discouraging its users from forming bonds beyond the basic function of the site ; it does n't even have a private messaging system , although users can choose to include links to other social networks on their rudimentary profiles .
Advertisement
If you use Twitter or Facebook as a way to curate your news , you know that you act as your own community moderator .
You define the limits of what you want to follow and what you want to see by following and unfollowing , or by liking or hiding or defriending .
There is some anonymity on these networks , but far less than on Digg , where anonymity appears to feed into its users ' cruder impulses .
And you can choose a number of sources to trust rather than rely on invisible masses .
On Facebook , you might see a news item come up again and again in your network , and on Twitter a trending topic you 've never heard of , which is a little bit like being on the front page of Digg .
But Digg 's current reliance on mob rule ( unless you 're interested in scrolling through all of the pages ) also seems to reward casual sexism and occasional bigotry — just look at the favorable votes pushing up some of the most lazily offensive " stories " or comments .
Advertisement
For some sites ( Gawker Media sites among them )
Digg still matters as a possible engine of mass traffic .
Our own Nick Denton , in a recent email , referred to the phenomenon as " the male geeks who hang around Digg and other social news sites , who surge to Gizmodo like a bunch of English guys at pub closing time . "
But meanwhile , the population interested in actively participating in news sharing , curation , and commenting is more diverse than ever , as the overall pool grows .
That pool is no longer solely made up of the stereotypical nerdy white guy in his basement , or the metaphorical drunk guy at the pub .
Digg , whether by dint of will or its history , seems to have pretty much stayed the same : a boys club , if a very self - loathing one .
Meanwhile , the rest of us have moved on .
Advertisement
Digg [ Main Page ]
Related : Is Digg The Future Of Social News ? [ CNN ]
Is Digg Sexist ? [ Change.org ]
Digg Community Responds To Change.org CR Efforts [ Change.org ]
Sexist , Stupid , And Downright Offensive Digg Community Responds [ Fast Company ]
Digg Bans 20 - 30 Users for Hate Speech In Response to Fast Company 's Women in Web 2.0 [ Fast Company ]
Is Digg Sexist ?
[ Pointless Banter ]
In World Of Social Media , Women Rule [ Brian Solis ]
Advertisement
Earlier : Girl Talk : How Men Dominate Twitter
Is Facebook Girly ?
How Men And Women Use Social Media
POLAND'S awful history makes it no stranger to tragedy , grief and shock .
But not for decades has it suffered a trauma such as the death of President Lech Kaczynski , along with dozens of other senior Polish politicians and officials , in an air crash on April 10th .
The presidential plane was carrying a delegation to Katyn , to commemorate the mass murder of a previous Polish elite : the 20,000 reservist officers murdered by Stalin 's NKVD in 1940 .
The symbolism of the tragedy to many Poles is almost unbearable .
In 1943 General Wladyslaw Sikorski , the leader of the Polish wartime government , died in a plane crash in Gibraltar .
No foul play was proved there , but many Poles believe that he was murdered because of his resolute determination to expose the Katyn massacre — which the Soviet Union blamed on the Germans .
Now another Polish president , closely involved in the same issue , has died in an all too similar manner .
Polish historical sensitivies about Russia mean that many see the coincidence as sinister rather than tragic .
But the plane tried to land four times , in bad weather .
Accident is the overwhelmingly likely cause .
Yet like Katyn , which eliminated the flower of the pre-war Polish elite , the plane crash also seems like a decapitation of Polish society .
Among the 96 people who died were the chief of the Polish general staff , the head of the central bank , the director of the Institute of National Remembrance ( which investigates and documents crimes such as Katyn ) and many other of the country 's top public figures .
Many politicians from the opposition Law and Justice Party , which is led by Jaroslaw Kaczynski , the late president 's twin brother , were among the delegation .
A growing pile of flowers outside the presidential palace in Warsaw attested to the public 's stunning sense of loss .
Radek Sikorski , the foreign minister , who broke the news to the prime minister , Donald Tusk , this morning said that the head of government wept on hearing it .
Both men had been at Katyn earlier in the week , at a ceremony attended by the Russian prime minister , Vladimir Putin .
The hawkish Mr Kaczynski did not attend that ceremony , instead insisting on his own visit three days later .
The tragedy brings big upsets in Polish political life and in other institutions .
The presidential elections , due to be held in October , will be brought forward .
Mr Kaczynski had been facing a tough challenge from Bronislaw Komorowski , a close ally of Mr Tusk .
Mr Komorowski is also speaker of the Sejm , the lower house of the Polish parliament .
In that capacity , he now becomes acting president .
Mr Kaczynski , like his brother , was known for personal integrity and his deep roots in Poland 's anti-communist opposition movement .
He was a vehement critic of both German and Soviet historical crimes against Poland , and a strong supporter of countries such as Georgia .
He was modest and charming in private , although visibly ill - at - ease on big public occasions and prone to gaffes and unnecessary controversies .
Mr Kaczynski's wife , Maria , died in the crash .
The couple had one daughter .
Fireworks in fashion
inspire my inner writer
and I want to capture life
with carefully crafted
photography .
I love my friends ,
culture ,
art ,
New York City ,
and the world ,
and every entry is a Splash
of this girl 's wonderful
Awesomeness .
I hope to encourage people to
just believe
in themselves
and in their dreams
and in their faith .
Remember ,
worries causes wrinkles
Petraeus sees what so much of Washington refuses to see : that Israel 's year - long contempt for Obama , initiated by the Gaza campaign , entrenched by Netanyahu 's victory and compounded by continued settlements and last week 's humiliation of Biden is a problem .
More then a problem , Israel 's total impunity for its intransigence is becoming a liability for the advance of US interests around the world .
Petraeus was so disturbed by a recent trip to the Middle East that he asked a team of top CENTCOM officers to brief Admiral Mullen , and asked that the region be made part of his command :
The 33 - slide , 45 - minute PowerPoint briefing stunned Mullen .
The briefers reported that there was a growing perception among Arab leaders that the U.S. was incapable of standing up to Israel , that CENTCOM 's mostly Arab constituency was losing faith in American promises , that Israeli intransigence on the Israeli - Palestinian conflict was jeopardizing U.S. standing in the region , and that Mitchell himself was ( as a senior Pentagon officer later bluntly described it ) " too old , too slow ... and too late . "
The January Mullen briefing was unprecedented .
No previous CENTCOM commander had ever expressed himself on what is essentially a political issue ; which is why the briefers were careful to tell Mullen that their conclusions followed from a December 2009 tour of the region where , on Petraeus 's instructions , they spoke to senior Arab leaders .
" Everywhere they went , the message was pretty humbling , " a Pentagon officer familiar with the briefing says .
" America was not only viewed as weak , but its military posture in the region was eroding . "
But Petraeus was n't finished : two days after the Mullen briefing , Petraeus sent a paper to Mullen requesting that the West Bank and Gaza ( which , with Israel , is a part of the European Command -- or EUCOM ) , be made a part of his area of operations .
Petraeus 's reason was straightforward : with U.S. troops deployed in Iraq and Afghanistan , the U.S. military had to be perceived by Arab leaders as engaged in the region 's most troublesome conflict .
Unless and until the US actually uses real leverage against the Netanyahu government , it will continue to work against American interests and endanger American lives .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Drastic social cutbacks unveiled throughout Europe
By Bill Van Auken
14 May 2010
In the wake of the $ 1 trillion euro bailout agreement reached at the beginning of this week , governments throughout Europe have unveiled austerity measures that include sweeping attacks on jobs , wages and basic social rights .
It has now become abundantly clear that the nearly $ 1 trillion package cobbled together by European finance ministers and the International Monetary Fund was not merely aimed at staving off the bankruptcy of Greece and other European Union member states gripped by sovereign debt crises .
It was designed to effect a massive transfer of social wealth from the masses of the population to the international banks and investment firms .
And it is to be paid for by compelling governments across the continent to implement the kind of draconian attacks that have brought hundreds of thousands of Greek workers into the streets in strikes and mass protests .
The European bourgeoisie is acting on the cynical adage of “ never let a crisis go to waste . ”
It has seized upon the dramatic events in Greece and the threat of a worldwide financial meltdown , largely the product of the financial elite ’s own speculative activities , to ram through an assault on conditions of life for European workers that is without precedent since the continent lay in ruins at the end of World War II .
An unannounced corollary to the agreement on the bailout package reached in Brussels early Monday was the immediate implementation of austerity measures in Spain and Portugal , whose public deficits have made them the targets of international financial speculators seeking super profits by bidding up interest rates on the countries ’ debt offerings .
After the Spanish stock market rose a dizzying 14.4 percent on Monday , “ It has belatedly dawned on Spaniards that the Iberian peninsula , not Greece , is the main target of the financial ‘ bazooka ’ unveiled by the European Union and the International Monetary Fund , ” the Financial Times commented Wednesday .
With the euro zone ’s third largest public deficit , Spain has been increasingly targeted by financial speculators and forced to pay ever higher interest rates to secure foreign credit .
The country ’s social democratic Prime Minister José Luis Rodriguez Zapatero went before parliament on Wednesday and announced a series of austerity measures , including : a 5 percent pay cut for public employees , followed by a wage freeze ; the freezing of most pension payments ; the elimination of the so - called cheque - bebé , a 2500 - euro government subsidy for families with new babies ; elimination of a program funding elder care and public funding for prescription drugs .
Also to be slashed are over 6 billion euros in public investment , including on public transportation projects .
Billions more will be eliminated in funding to local governments and development aid , necessitating still further layoffs and cutbacks .
Under conditions in which the country ’s official unemployment rate already stands at over 20 percent , the austerity program will mean millions more being thrown on the unemployment and a further turn by the country ’s economy towards slump as consumption is curtailed .
Portugal followed suit on Thursday with its own proposal for across - the - board cuts in public spending and increases in regressive valued - added taxes .
“ If we fail to show we can implement credible measures to cut the deficit , the tap of overseas financing will be turned off , ” Fernando Teixeira dos Santos , Portugal ’s finance minister , told members of parliament during a debate on the proposed austerity package .
The social democratic government of Prime Minister José Sócrates did not spell out where the budget ax would fall , but indicated that it would include reductions in funding for local governments , and that the plan comes on top of already announced measures that include an elimination of public sector jobs , cuts in unemployment benefits , a freeze on salaries , and the sale of publicly owned enterprises .
The European Commission , speaking for the European and international banks , warned Bulgaria , Cyprus , Denmark and Finland Wednesday that their budget deficits have grown too large , and that they will be subjected to “ excessive deficit procedures ” ( EDPs ) , imposing deadlines for slashing public spending .
Meanwhile , the International Monetary Fund , working together with the EU , has approved the latest tranche of a “ rescue package ” for Romania , or more precisely for international financial interests holding Romanian debt .
The condition for releasing the latest outlay from the 20 billion euro package ( 12 billion euros have been paid out thus far ) was the government ’s approval of an economic plan to reduce the public deficit to 4.4 percent of GDP by next year , compared to 7.2 percent for 2009 .
The Romanian government produced a proposal for a devastating round of budget reductions that includes cutting public workers ’ pay by 25 percent and slashing state pensions by 15 percent .
It is estimated that the austerity measures could mean the wiping out of as many as a quarter of a million jobs .
The announcement provoked demonstrations by workers and pensioners throughout the country and scenes of older retired workers clashing with security forces in the capital of Bucharest .
Strikes have been called for next week .
The official unemployment rate in Romania already stands at 10 percent , while according to some estimates fully two thirds of the population is living at or below the poverty line .
These unprecedented attacks are to be carried out throughout Europe .
In Germany , Roland Koch , deputy leader of Chancellor Angela Merkel ’s Christian Democratic Party and considered a likely candidate to succeed the ailing Wolfgang Schauble as finance minister , warned that no cutbacks could be “ considered taboo ” as Germany confronts its own 10 billion euro fiscal deficit , as well as the cost of its 123 billion euro contribution to the EU rescue package .
Koch , the minister president of the state of Hesse , called for reconsidering a policy that provides for kindergarten for all children under the age of three .
The proposal has provoked outrage .
“ Anyone who starts talking about such cuts is acting like an arsonist , ” Christine Haderthauer , Bavaria ’s social affairs minister , told the Passauer Neue Presse .
“ If we have to take the red marker specifically to the areas of education and family , we ’re playing the lottery with our future . ”
Meanwhile , economists are predicting that the decline in the value of the euro will slash the real wages of the working class in Germany and throughout Europe .
“ We can expect inflation to rise sharply over the next few years , ” German economist Wolfgang Brachinger told the British Guardian .
“ The euro is losing value , and consumers will have to dig deeper in their pockets as a result . ”
In Britain , with the new Tory - Liberal Democrat coalition just beginning to unveil its right - wing agenda of “ emergency ” measures , the governor of the Bank of England , Mervyn King , stated that there could be no delay in implementing a deficit - reduction program .
King described the crisis in Greece as an opportunity to “ tackle the excessive fiscal budget deficit . ”
He added , “ The bigger risk at present , given the experience of the last two weeks , would be for a new government not to put in place clear and credible measures to deal with the fiscal deficit . ”
On the other side of the Atlantic , the Obama administration ’s chief budget official sounded a similar note , warning that Washington must take action to slash its deficit , which is expected to exceed $ 1.5 trillion this fiscal year , or “ wind up facing the sorts of choices that Greece now faces . ”
“ I would prefer to be addressing this sooner rather than later , ” said Peter Orszag , the White House budget director in an interview Wednesday with the Reuters news agency .
Orszag declined to discuss specific measures , saying that the administration wants to allow a bipartisan commission on the deficit formed by Obama to complete its work .
The panel is taking aim at so - called entitlement programs , including Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid .
It is co-chaired by Alan Simpson , a former Republican Senator from Wyoming , and Erskine Bowles , a former Clinton administration official and investment banker .
Bowles sits on the board of directors of Morgan Stanley , the Wall Street investment firm , where he chairs its compensation committee , approving eight - figure salaries and bonuses for top executives .
That such an individual could combine these two roles underscores the class character of the economic policies being pursued , not only by the Democratic administration of Barack Obama in the US , but by governments throughout Europe and internationally .
All of them are attempting to impose the full burden of the financial crisis on the backs of the working class , while transferring massive amounts of social wealth to the financial parasites who are responsible for it .
You 'll notice many of the sites Drudge links to remove the material after short time , some of it is available if you pay those websites an archive fee .
In order to avoid this , save the stories and pictures you like to your computer 's hard drive .
You may find useful what Yahoo News had to say about link decay :
Hello ,
Thank you for writing to Yahoo !
News .
News from our wire services , Reuters and The Associated Press is archived for 2 weeks .
There is a search box located on every news page , and you can enter a keyword to find news on that topic from the last 2 weeks .
News from our non-wire providers like ZDNet , E! Online and ABCNews.com is archived for one month .
You can use the dates at the bottom of the news pages to view previous articles .
At the moment , these non -wire providers are not searchable .
Please note that stories and photos older than 2 weeks will no longer be available .
You can also search Yahoo !
by keyword for more information on a particular topic .
http://www.yahoo.com
If you have a problems or issues with other news sources or providers , please contact them directly .
Thank you again for contacting Yahoo !
Customer Care .
Regards ,
Yahoo !
Customer Care
For assistance with all Smoking Cessation services , please visit :
https://www.webhealthsearch.com/smoking-cessation/buychantix/
Drudge Report App App Store iPhone & iPad
Google Play Store Android Phones & Tablets
PanamaCityPC.com / pc2.io
Owner , Web Designer , Web Hosting ( 2006 – Present )
Provide web hosting for more than 200 websites using cPanel + CloudLinux +
CageFS server for individuals , small businesses , and web designers .
Design websites for clients and assist designer clients with site designs .
Computer repair of laptops and desktop including virus removals and OS reinstallations .
InMotion Hosting — Virginia Beach , VA
Tier 1 Technical Support Representative ( 2018 – 2019 )
Provide solutions to problems and assist clients with technical issues related to hosting on shared hosting and VPS , primarily via chat and ticket but also occasional phone .
Bajito Onda — Dallas , TX
Web Designer ( 2002 – 2004 )
Design and host websites for clients of the Bajito Onda print shop .
Technology included WordPress , HTML / CSS / PHP .
Web hosting on self - managed dedicated server running cPanel .
A 1963 letter sent to Pope Paul VI by a senior US priest who outlined the " problem of the problem priest " suggests that the Vatican was aware sexual abuse within the US Catholic Church almost five decades ago .
The missive , unearthed and made public yesterday by lawyers representing victims of alleged sexual abuse in Los Angeles , argued even then that the best solution for dealing with priests found to have violated young men and boys was to defrock them , rather than shuffle them to other dioceses , as was the practice of the Catholic Church for so long .
The Rev Gerald Fitzgerald penned the letter at the behest of Pope Paul VI after meeting him in Rome to discuss cases of abuse in the US .
Fitzgerald was a former head of the New Mexico - based Servants of the Holy Paraclete , a religious congregation of men dedicated to ministry to priests with personal difficulties .
" Personally , I am not sanguine of the return of priests to active duty , who have been addicted to abnormal practices , especially sins with the young , " Fitzgerald wrote .
" Where there is indication of incorrigibility , because of the tremendous scandal given , I would most earnestly recommend total laicisation .
I say ' total '... because when these men are taken before civil authority , the non-Catholic world definitely blames the discipline of celibacy for the perversion of these men . "
The letter has surfaced just as the Vatican is striking back at what it has called unfair coverage of the burgeoning paedophilia scandal by US media outlets .
A lawyer for abuse victims in Kentucky has filed a lawsuit against the Vatican that could seek to force Pope Benedict XVI to testify in court .
Partly in response to the Kentucky filing , the head of the Vatican 's legal tribunal , Giuseppe dalla Torre , told an Italian newspaper that Pope Benedict , as a head of state , had legal immunity and could not be called to testify in any court on this or on any other matter .
Another senior official , Cardinal William Levada , an American who leads the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , meanwhile singled out The New York Times for its coverage of the scandal , saying it " lacks fairness " in its reports , including those dealing with allegations that Pope Benedict failed to act to stop the abuse of deaf boys in Wisconsin before he ascended to the papacy .
Cardinal Levada noted that his predecessor was Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , the future Pope Benedict , who had forced through new laws to punish priests found guilty of abuse .
" I ask the Times to reconsider its attack mode about Pope Benedict XVI and give the world a more balanced view of a leader it can and should count on , " Cardinal Levada wrote in an article on the Vatican website .
" We owe Pope Benedict a great debt of gratitude for introducing the procedures that have helped the Church to take action in the face of the scandal of priestly sexual abuse of minors . "
Lawyers for abuse victims in California sought to underscore the significance of the 1963 letter to Pope Paul VI .
" The letter proves Vatican officials knew about clergy abuse decades ago and should have done more to protect children , " said Anthony DeMarco .
However , officials for the Catholic archdiocese in Los Angeles said it was highly unlikely that Pope Paul VI ever even saw Fitzgerald 's letter .
" The fact is the prevailing ideas at the time about how to deal with abusive behaviour were not adequate , " said a spokesman .
" Clearly , society and the Church have evolved new understandings of what causes sexually abusive behaviour and how to deal with it . "
Independent
Belfast Telegraph
The Conservative party has joined forces with the main employers group , the CBI , in an attempt to dilute a new bribery bill that was meant to clean up corporate corruption in the wake of the BAE scandal .
More than 20 amendments have been put down by the Tories following pressure from the CBI against proposed legislation from the Ministry of Justice that had previously received cross-party support .
Campaign group Transparency International said it was " extremely concerned " that there was a deliberate attempt to derail future new laws that were vital to re-establish the international credibility of the British business community .
It said : " The bill represents the best possible consensus that can be attained among a wide range of stakeholders on a modern , effective legal framework to prosecute bribery and make the UK compliant with the 1997 OECD anti-bribery convention . "
London has faced increasing criticism that it has been good at pointing the finger at foreign countries that fail to tackle bribery while refusing to crack down sufficiently at home after a number of high - profile and embarrassing cases .
Britain has slipped to 17th place in the annual corruption perceptions index compiled by Transparency International and now trails Japan , Hong Kong and Austria .
Last week , four former executives from the London - listed mining group , Rio Tinto , were convicted of bribery in China while the UK 's largest arms manufacturer , BAE , recently agreed to pay out almost £ 300 m in US penalties as it finally admitted guilt over its worldwide conduct in the face of long - running corruption investigations .
Meanwhile , three UK directors of the engineering firm Alstom were arrested two weeks ago in dawn raids by fraud investigators and police over allegations that substantial bribes were paid to secure contracts abroad .
British bridge builder Mabey & Johnson was ordered to pay £ 6.6 m in fines following corruption charges over payments alleged to have been made to win contracts in Ghana and Jamaica as well as a deal in Iraq under the " oil - for - food " programme .
The bribery bill was drawn up by the Law Commission and recommended the common law offence of bribery be replaced with a bill that specifically covers bribing foreign officials .
A maximum of 10 years ' imprisonment is allowed for all offences while corporate failure could involve an unlimited fine .
But the CBI is worried the bill in its unchanged form would leave British firms potentially barred from public contracts in the EU and would hamper their competitiveness .
Some of the Conservatives ' proposed amendments to the legislation would involve prosecutors having to prove dishonest intent on the part of those handing out the bribes rather than just showing they were trying to gain an improper advantage .
The Conservatives were unavailable for comment but Jonathan Djanogly , shadow minister for corporate governance , has always insisted he favours the new legislation .
In a blog on the Conservative party website , he has claimed : " This is an important bill in re-establishing our national credentials as champions of fair business dealings and trade transparency .
I aim to ensure the bill is consistent , effective and covers existing gaps in the law . "
Hollywood star Russell Crowe walked out on a BBC Radio 4 interview after being riled by accusations that he had made Robin Hood sound Irish .
Tough guy Crowe , 46 , swore after presenter Mark Lawson suggested that hints of his accent did not sound English .
The actor has already faced concerns from critics about the accuracy of his speech .
Questioned on arts show Front Row about whether the Irish tinges were deliberate , he snapped : " You 've got dead ears , mate .
You 've seriously got dead ears if you think that 's an Irish accent . "
As Lawson reiterated that there were only " hints " of Irish , Crowe responded : " Bollocks . "
The Gladiator star continued to talk about the background of the character but then returned to the accusation , adding : " I 'm a little dumbfounded you could possibly find any Irish in that character - that 's kind of ridiculous , but it 's your show . "
Debate has raged for many years about whether the historical figure could be claimed by Nottingham or Yorkshire as he has become an important source of tourist income .
Trying to pin him down , Lawson asked Crowe whether the voice was supposed to be from northern England .
The Oscar - winner hit back : " No , I was going for an Italian - missed it ?
F*** me . "
Voice coaches for the production have said previously that they were aiming for an accent closer to Rutland , which is south east of Nottingham in the East Midlands .
After failing to answer a question about whether he had not wanted to deliver a famous line in Gladiator - also directed by Robin Hood film - maker Ridley Scott - he got up to leave , saying : " I do n't get the Irish thing , by the way .
I do n't get it at all . "
10 years later , Doom co-creator John Romero has " apologised " to fans for a " terrible " Daikatana marketing campaign he " regrets " and " should have stopped " .
Famously , a poster for the game told fans that " John Romero 's about to make you his bitch " .
" I knew it was risky , and I did n't want to do it .
It did n't make sense .
I mean , there 's the whole culture of smack talk that goes with games and especially an FPS , and that was something I was known for , " Romero told Gamesauce magazine ( via IndustryGamers ) .
" You know , I never wanted to make you my bitch , not you , not them , not any of the other players and , most importantly , not any of my fans .
Up until that ad , I felt I had a great relationship with the gamer and the game development community and that ad changed everything ... I regret it and I apologise for it . "
Romero recalled that he was " on top of the world back then " and the game suffered as a result of his celebrity mindset .
" It 's a miracle the game was even released .
Everything was going wrong , " he said .
Daikatana received 5/10 from Eurogamer .
These days , Romero is creative director at Gazillion .
He has n't completed and shipped a game in years .
Nevertheless , Romero remains upbeat - even about the possibility of reuniting with id Software and John Carmack .
" I have no doubt that if John and I decided to make another game it would be fresh and new and awesome , " he said .
" We 've both grown a lot in the past 14 years and have a lot more experience , not only in game development but also in dealing with people and game teams .
" Many times you hear of musical groups getting back together after decades apart , and then they try to work together again everything explodes and falls apart because of personality and hubris .
I really do n't think that would happen with John and me , " he added .
The kids at Taoviet have really outdone themselves .
From the looks of these images , the Vietnamese site has nabbed an honest to goodness 4th generation iPhone -- a 16 GB model to be exact .
It 's clearly pre-production judging by the XXX placeholders on the backside stamp and likely lacks a bootable OS , just a " Bonfire " test routine .
Nevertheless , it looks authentic enough that we expect Apple 's henchmen to be busting down the guy 's door before he pries it open to reveal Apple 's chipset of choice .
A few more pics in the gallery . :
We 've spotted a difference from this model and the unit that Gizmodo bought .
Notably , the pair of screws at the bottom of the device are gone .
The cleaner design could indicate a newer prototype ( closer to the actual retail model ) though both the iPhone 3G and 3GS went to market with a similar pair of screws .
Comparison shot after the break . :
Oops , too late Apple , teardown pics added showing an Apple branded processor .
Note the black " N90 " text on the white sticker -- that 's the rumored internal codename for Apple 's next generation GSM iPhone .
Yeah , that looks like the A4 processor to us. : Video !
Unfortunately , this sucker 's never going to boot to the OS .
And if the translation in our comments is correct then the unit was purchased for US $ 4,000 .
There ’s a couple of leaks which seem to point towards it .
Firstly , as reported by Kotaku , a Sega PR booked a trade show appointment with Turkish site Oyungezer for Shogun 2 .
Secondly , a press - release for it appeared on TWCenter , apparently leaked .
The thread ’s been removed though still shows up on google , but has been mirrored all over the place .
We ’ll only know at E3 – or with PC Gamer ’s next cover , whichever comes first .
The leaked alleged press - release is below , plus some initial thoughts …
And , to stress , there ’s no proof that this press - release is genuine .
Take everything below with a pinch of the proverbial .
Title : Shogun 2 : Total War™
Published by SEGA .
Developed by The Creative Assembly .
Format : PC - DVD
1 to 8 players
Ratings : ESRB Teen , PEGI 16 , OFLC M , USK 12 – All provisional
Release date : 2011
MASTER THE ART OF WAR TO BECOME THE UNDISPUTED RULER OF MEDIEVAL JAPAN
In 2000 , the Creative Assembly re-invented the strategy genre with Shogun : Total War , an unprecedented blend of 3D real - time battles and turn - based management game and the first offering in the multi- award winning series .
With over 7 million units sold and universal acclaim from the press and community , Total War has consistently been at the cutting edge of the genre and is today one of the most successful PC franchises of all time .
In 2011 , the makers of Rome and Empire : Total War will release the sequel to the game that started it all .
Shogun 2 : Total
War will take long - time veterans and newcomers alike to the next level of strategy gaming on PC .
Based on 10 years of experience in making Total War , Shogun 2 is the perfection of the series with a new Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) , revolutionary multiplayer modes , brand new campaign map options and epic 3D real - time battles .
It is the middle of the 16th century in Medieval Japan .
The country , once ruled by a unified government , is now split into many warring clans .
The player takes on the role of one Daimyo – the clan leader – and will use military engagements , economics and diplomacy to achieve the ultimate goal : re-unite Japan under his supreme command and become the new Shogun – the undisputed ruler of Japan .
Set during the golden age of Samurai warfare , Shogun 2 brings to life the most turbulent period of Japanese history .
Total War redefined
Shogun 2 is the ultimate refinement of the original formula with a new , cutting - edge AI , more polish and online functionality than ever before .
The result is the perfect mix of real - time and turn - based strategy gaming that invites both veterans of Total War and new players to experience the enjoyment and depth of the series .
New character progression
Choose from 9 different clans and compete on and offline for the undisputed supremacy of Medieval Japan .
Gain experience to level up your own character - warlord as well as your generals and agents .
A complete single and multiplayer offering
Play through the Main Campaign in single player or invite a friend online to play competitively or cooperatively in Campaign Multiplayer mode .
Join 8 - player multiplayer battles with your own upgradable avatar and climb the online Leaderboard to show the world who reigns supreme .
Also including exciting new modes of team play for clans , a first in the Total War series .
New Generation AI system
Developed according to Sun Tzu ’s principles in the Art of War , the Artificial Intelligence constantly analyses its situation and reacts to your every move with greater precision and variety .
Improved land and naval battle gameplay
Land battles never felt so realistic with new multi-staged castle sieges and terrain features changing according to the weather and time of the day – turning each engagement into a tactical challenge .
Set buildings on fire to force garrisoned troops out and use your units ’ special abilities to turn the tide of the battle .
Naval combat also offers more variety with the addition of coastal battles .
Islands can work as effective cover for your ships , while sand bars and reefs can be used as traps against an enemy fleet .
Accessible and in - depth empire - building gameplay
A streamlined User Interface makes management of your kingdom much easier .
Build and govern cities , recruit and train troops , conduct diplomacy and manage your agents – each feature is now introduced with comprehensive tutorials , gradually revealing the depth of the Shogun 2 campaign map – the heart and soul of the Total War experience .
Initial thoughts ?
It strikes me as a smart move for Creative Assembly , on at least a couple of levels .
Firstly , with their last games , they ’ve managed to burn huge chunks of the respect gamers ever had for them .
As evidenced by all of RPS ’ recent comment threads , there are grudges a plenty .
Going back to their roots is , at least , a gesture of trying to start again .
Secondly – and more importantly – arguably the biggest problem of the recent Total War games has been their scale .
They are not elegant designs , but maximialist pile - everything - on ones .
Part of the joy is just the impression that it all hangs to together .
However , when the AI is n’t up to it , it all falls apart .
In that press release the “ New Generation AI system ” is going to get a lot of gags translating it as “ An AI System ” .
Shogun , while a big game , is much more manageable than anything Creative Assembly have attempted in a Total - War - game proper in a decade .
By strimming it back from the epic sprawl they can concentrate their attention .
Clearly , we ’re going to lose a lot here .
Hopefully , they ’ll gain by making it work .
And there ’s a third thing – the period really is relatively unexplored grounds .
The first Shogun game was an enormous atmospheric period piece – I ca n’t think of a mainstream game which treated the period in a grounded respectful way , with nary a whiff of fantasy .
To turn somewhat tautological , I ’d like another Shogun game , if only because I ’d like another game like Shogun .
If this turns out true , I suspect we ’ll be watching it carefully .
Vince
Posts : 8348
DeveloperPosts : 8348 Alpha Protocol design interview with Chris Avellone & Co « on : April 08 , 2010 , 07:26:57 pm »
If you 're an aspiring game developer , you might enjoy Chris Avellone 's " Kitchen Sink Theory of Game Design and Gamer Perception " lecture and even learn a thing or two .
* * *
1 . While most players tend to agree that hacking a goblin in an isometric dungeon with your trusty axe is definitely an RPG , shooting a mercenary in the face in a first or third person modern city produces mixed opinions , doubts , and confusion .
So , what 's the difference between a shooter with RPG elements and a first / third person RPG ?
Chris Avellone : In Alpha Protocol , the genre defined the 3rd person player perspective and the amount of action / shooting / stealthing the game should have .
The game is an espionage RPG , which means we present spy challenges , combat challenges , character progression , and attribute changes based on the genre conventions .
So what does that mean for the RPG experience ?
Well :
- Being a spy conjures ( excuse the irony ) forth images of infiltrating an area undetected .
So , you are rewarded for being stealthy and avoiding detection as much as if you 'd killed someone in your path .
3rd person was the best way to communicate this aspect in the game .
- We wanted martial arts , which we felt was key to the Bourne experience - the ability to perform satisfying martial arts moves in 1st person is harder to do than in 3rd person .
Much of the emotional payoff from hand to hand combat is being able to see exactly how your kicks and punches connect with the enemy , so again , we felt 3rd person was a good choice .
- We wanted the player to identify with Michael Thorton , which means we wanted him visible during the action .
There are other genre conventions as well , although they do n't break down by camera perspective or shooter vs. 1st / 3rd person RPGs .
We wanted the player to use intel , hacking , and lockpicking and have these actions reward you with experience , information , and knowledge of an area or a subject and make you a better spy .
We also wanted to make sure we gave the player options based on what actually transpires in the mission - if your superiors tell you not to kill or kill , avoid detection or be obvious , you can choose to accomplish it however you want based on your judgment and the circumstances .
The short answer is we wanted Alpha Protocol 's RPG elements and camera perspective make sense within the genre , and that 's what we were striving for .
2 . When commenting on System Shock 2 , which many consider an RPG , you said :
" System Shock 2 was almost a role - playing game .
Almost .
They had the character stuff down , the skill stuff down , but you never really made a choice , in my opinion .
The ending was set ; your path was set .
If , at one point , there was a moment where you could 've made one decision that changed the ending , that would 've made it a barebones role - playing game , and a good one . "
Bioshock gives you a few choices , yet it 's a pale shadow of its glorious predecessor .
Mass Effect 2 has much better choices than the first game , yet it 's a shooter with choices ( unless , of course , you disagree ) .
Any thoughts ?
Chris Avellone : Bioshock is a shooter with choices , it 's the lack of character construction phase that prevents an RPG comparison .
This is fine because Bioshock 's not billed that way and I had a lot of fun ( and fear ) while playing it .
I also do n't mean the a set persona for the main character prevents the RPG experience , either , I 'm talking about the choices in building that persona with different paths at the outset , which you had in System Shock 2 with the interactive career path options .
Regardless , I did not go into SS2 expecting an RPG .
What I did get was a great game .
There 's a reason I continually cite System Shock 2 as a " design doc " game developers should play - it got so many things about the game experience right , it 's a must - play title .
3 . I 'm sure that when you started working on Alpha Protocol you looked at many different designs - above mentioned SS2 , Deus Ex , which was cited as an inspiration for AP , Bloodlines , the Thief games , Bioshock , Mass Effect , etc .
What , in your opinions , are the best design decisions that any developer should pay attention to before attempting to design a similar game ?
Which mistakes should be avoided ?
Basically , when it comes to " first / third person RPG with guns " , what works and what does n't ?
Chris Parker :
The biggest problem we ran into was trying to balance the action game and maintain the things we think are important in RPGs .
For example , you can't have a high action shooter with bad weapon mechanics - so when you are figuring out how you want your RPG system to work , you need to work against some of the typical RPG clichés like having your ability to - hit determined by skill .
Instead you need to embrace all the great things about the first or third person shooter , and then figure out how to make your RPG without screwing those things up .
Matt MacLean :
What worked for us is deciding how much we wanted the game to be player - skill - driven vs. character - skill - driven and stick to it .
For instance - we were okay with making the player actually aim , shoot , and take cover via action controls and not a tactical menu were you select attack or defend - if you can't play an FPS , you probably can't play our game but to try and accommodate that level of action handicap would require making two different games .
From there , we knew we wanted the game to be theoretically beatable if you never used any RPG skills but were just ridiculously good at action gaming - not because we wanted the player to ignore the cool abilities we offer , but because giving the player the choice to put points anywhere means we can't make progression contingent on any one ability - so we were okay with skills you did n't invest in getting less useful vs. enemies rising in power as the game goes on - there 's just never any obstacle that requires any one certain skill .
We also decided we wanted only a few vectors of randomness in the action - a bucking SMG fires in a cone ( not directly down range in laser beam line ) so that might be random , but the damage it causes is not and the bad guy does n't have a random chance to dodge .
When you upgrade your skills , weapons , etc. your weapons have a tighter cone , your shots do more damage , you suffer less inaccuracy running or sustaining fire , and you open up more ways to get super accurate shots - so upgrading Mike 's skill acts as a way to improve your action gameplay , but even an un-skilled Mike could dispatch every enemy in the game with a savvy ( and determined ) player controlling him .
4 . Why did you end up going with separate gun skills whereas everything else is rolled into single Sabotage or Technical Aptitude skills ?
I 've heard theories that a single Firearms skill is better than " obsessive focus on combat skills " .
Even the Deus Ex skillset was a lot longer , if memory serves me right .
Chris Avellone : Each weapon in Alpha Protocol has a personality - while playing , I found assault rifles and pistols suited me for my stealth / suave path , and I used each weapon in a noticeably different way in the environment : pistols were an excellent companion for stealth , for example , due to the silencers and the incredible precision shooting ( the tradeoff is you have to get close enough to make it work ) and assault rifles were sloppier but with an excellent range , allowing me to remotely target and dispatch enemies with subsonic rounds ( which requires patient aim ) .
I had initially intended to use the assault rifle solely as a backup weapon for enemies at a distance if I tripped an alarm , then I changed my use of it once I was able to contact weapons dealers to get the ammo I needed to make it more effective .
Once I got subsonic rounds , I used those bullets sparingly to stealth kill opponents from a greater distance when I could n't sneak in close enough .
In general , I found the pistol 's default silencer makes it better for stealth reliability .
On my aggressive playthrough , I decided I was going to arm myself as if I did n't care about the whole world knowing my presence no matter how many alarms were going off , so I fell back on shotguns for close - quarter ambushes ( drawing enemy attention , then taking cover and lying in wait for them to run around the corner - or bust down the door - then blast them all at once ) .
I also used submachine guns for clusters of enemies I took by surprise or reinforcements funneling from a common entry point .
This had its own consequences in the game , but it was my decision to mow down anything that got in my path .
In any event , the weapon skills have sufficient personality and environment usages to make them merit their own skills on a par with Martial Arts , Stealth , and the tech line .
Matt MacLean : " Everything Else " is n't rolled into two skills - the play has 4 shooting skills plus Stealth , Toughness , Martial Arts , Technical Aptitude , and Sabotage .
Guns are the most expedient and straight - forward way of dealing with enemies in Alpha Protocol - not necessarily the best way , but it certainly takes the least amount of mental effort to point and shoot .
Rolling every weapon skill into one shooting skill would present something of a no - brainer - you'd be hard - pressed not to put all your points into it every time you play the game .
Additionally , we have a ton of weapon abilities and if we wanted to roll all the cool things you can do with all the guns in the game , you 'd need to make several dozen ranks of the skill to unlock all the abilities ( not to mention the iterative steps of each ability from early - game dabbling version to end - game master edition ) or we'd be overloading each rank with more information than we want the player to have to track - or the player would find that they 're wading through several ranks of this one single skill collecting bonuses for weapons they never plan on using and that hashes the buzz of a good character building flow .
5 . What are the advantages of the AP dialogue system ?
Why did you go with this setup instead of more traditional [ for BIS / Obsidian folks ] dialogue trees or a Mass Effect - like system where you get a brief outline of what you 're about to say ?
Also , what does the timer add , in your opinion ?
Chris Avellone :
The goal was to create a cinematic spy experience with a sense of urgency , and the dialogue system accomplishes that .
A timed dialogue system is more true to the genre ( sense of pressure , commitment of your decisions , and spurring the player to make sure they 've done their homework before going into a conversation they can't take back ) .
Like 24 , we want you to feel tense and on edge , even during conversations .
In focus tests we 've done , it 's certainly worked .
During EmSense testing ( a testing procedure that puts sensors on people 's heads , then tracks their brainwaves during playtests ) the amount of engagement the player had during a dialogue in Alpha Protocol was comparable to a combat sequence , something other RPGs had n't exhibited before , and that 's a good thing .
6 . One could n't help but notice that there are no dialogue skills .
Can you comment on this design decision ?
Chris Avellone :
When you see a Speech skill in a role - playing game , it 's usually the " correct " response .
That 's not much of a choice .
So we made the " speech skill " based on actions you take in the game world including research , paying attention to cues in the dialogue , your attitude when speaking to someone , the amount of Intel you 've gathered or purchased , and how you treat other people - not just the person you 're talking to .
We want you to act the way you want when choosing a stance or action , not have a skill point you to the " best " option .
In addition , dialogue in Alpha Protocol is complicated in that you do n't always want to succeed in a conventional speech check against someone .
In the spy feel of the game , there are many positive and negative repercussions to dealing with folks that pay off immediately ( which is how players have been trained with Speech ) but also longer - term counterbalancing positive and negative repercussions ( which do undermine how Speech skills are perceived ) .
By the end of the game , there is n't always a clear win when all 's said and done - just reactivity .
In short , the payoffs for a response or behavior that would be typically defined by a short - term Speech skill success are often " too soon to tell , " both immediately and in missions down the road .
7 . The choices aspect has been mentioned quite often and supported by numerous , heart - warming examples .
For example , you mentioned this weapon dealer in several interviews :
" The best examples we ’ve talked about is , if you encounter this one weapons dealer , you have the choice to let him go , or to bring him in for questioning .
And clearly bringing him in for questioning and cutting off all arms traffic in the region and the resulting destruction , is a good thing .
But then it ’s quite clear that if you do that , you ’re going to lose your connection to the guy who ’s a much bigger target .
So then you say , “ well crap , if I let this guy free , there ’s a greater chance I ’m going to find the big guy .
But at the same time , if I let that guy go free , he ’s going to cause a certain amount of damage . "
Can you clarify a few things for me ?
First , what does " he 's going to cause a certain amount of damage " mean gameplay - wise ?
Basically , how would letting the arm dealer go free affect my game ?
Second , what happens if I do the right thing [ for my character ] and bring in the small fish weapon dealer , thus losing the connection to the bigger target ?
Chris Avellone : Without giving spoilers , the answer to your first question : the changes that take place from this trilemma are in boss reactivity , merchant availability , the armament ( better or worse ) for future adversaries in other optional and critical missions in the Op after the event takes place , availability of added caches , perks , bonus pay , additional intel options , and news reports ( which are n't a game mechanic , per se , but they are designed to hit the player emotionally ) .
It also affects reputation from your handler , and from the people you are fighting in your first Op .
The answer to your second question : you lose a lot of resources and connections in the region , you lose access to better weapons , it causes changes in boss reactivity , loss of a vendor , and reputation changes in the NPCs involved with the Op .
The consequences are n't all bad , however , and the bonuses for arresting him have different ( positive ) consequences as well .
8 . What are your thoughts on failing in games ?
i.e. " I played the game poorly , without really thinking about what I 'm doing , and thus failed miserably . "
Is it possible to fail in Alpha Protocol ?
What happens if I keep disappointing my higher - ups at every step ?
Chris Avellone : Just play the way you want to play .
You get different rewards and consequences , and betraying or disobeying your superiors feels just as satisfying as carrying out their orders to the letter .
We designed the interactions so that purposely disappointing your superiors with your attitude and approach also provided a feeling of satisfaction .
9 . In a recent interview with Eurogamer you said :
" ... we tried something different with it that I 'm really happy about : we had less talking characters , which is a huge resource investment , and we just made them more reactive .
I think the nice thing is that rather than just try and dump it into hundreds of different voice - acted parts , we chose a small selection of characters that you could more deeply interact with , and I know that from a narrative design standpoint , that ended up being far more satisfying to me . "
This sounds like a very interesting design .
Can you elaborate ?
By that I mean , tell us as much as possible about it as if you were teaching a class .
Copy - pasting from design doc is allowed .
Chris Avellone : Class , my lecture and / or discussion is entitled the " kitchen sink theory of game design and gamer perception , " and what I learned way back when at Black Isle ( groans from class , followed by " not BIS again " ) .
The lesson is this : you can achieve an equally compelling and I 'd argue , more compelling story with fewer , deeper characters than a thousand shallow ones .
That , however , is only one of the points I learned and applied concerning a title I worked on back at Obsidian Entertainment before they rose to power and took control of the Western Seaboard ( hushed fear from class ) .
The first point is making fewer characters that are deeper and more reactive creates a more quality experience .
We did n't have 40 companions in Torment , we had less than expected for similar titles , and I worried about that decision at the time .
In the end , the choice was the right one .
It 's not just that , though .
Way back in 2010 , once upon a time at an IGDA forum panel on story , I was asked what makes a good game story .
I argued that a good game story can be achieved with a lot of reactivity , however you choose to implement it .
If the story has the player 's actions in the game at the forefront , the positive feedback loop is much stronger than a passive story the player is subjected to .
I firmly believe that .
That was the goal in Alpha Protocol 1 , and it delivered , as evidenced by the recent releases of Alpha Protocol 12 , Alpha Protocol : Hidden Agenda : International Politics Simulator , and Alpha Protocol : Global Thermonuclear War .
The second point I want to make is something that 's largely either given the finger ( " what 's that , " someone whispers , " is that an old symbol of disrespect in the 21st century ? " ) , viewed negatively , or else given a dismissive shrug by the gaming community when you explain why you have n't included a feature in the game .
For example , you may be tempted to ask why do n't you include a thousand deep interactive characters ?
We 're paying for this shit , after all , it 's the least you can do .
So right you are , you are paying for a quality experience ... you in the back , shut up for a second or I 'll activate the educational restraint collar ... in a blue sky world ( back when the skies were blue ) , having thousands of characters in a game with thousands of ways to interact seems ideal .
Great .
The realities of game production , however , give you bookends and force yourself to ask how can you develop the same emotional reward without a ten year development cycle and a two year testing cycle ?
The unfortunate reality is you have X years , X languages , X amount for voice acting , and X people to make it happen .
Your goal is to create a compelling story .
Again , my answer is to add reactivity .
So in Alpha Protocol we achieved this by reducing the cast , not only because it complimented the genre ( the central cast list in a Bond , Bourne , or Bauer production is n't large - although in 24 , the emotional switchbacks among the cast are very high ) but because it would create a better story .
Class dismissed .
10 .
How linear or non-linear Alpha Protocol is ?
Mass Effect 2 , for example , had many interesting choices , but if I wanted to replay the game , the replay would be almost identical minus a few irrelevant in the end choices here and there .
What should we expect from Alpha Protocol ?
Chris Avellone : I do n't expect people who reach the end - game to have the same results .
One of our design visions was you can't reload the endgame 10 minutes before the end and hit all the different endings .
While the opening mission is the most self - contained to get the player up to speed , what we shot for in Alpha Protocol is " hubs within hubs , " and the idea was to include a range of missions in each hub that you could tackle in any order , and hopefully , by studying the mission details , you decide what mission you want to tackle based on your skill set and your preferred playstyle .
If you 're focused on stealth , for example , you may want to tackle infiltration missions instead of the combat - oriented missions .
If you 've accumulated enough Intel and Dossier info on a contact , you may want to talk to them first before starting the other missions , and use what you learn from them ( and what you hide from them ) to your advantage .
In short , the choices you make in these missions can result in different missions , different objectives , different handlers on missions , different perks , different boss battles with different tactics , email exchanges , new merchant options ( and unique weapon options ) , and the unveiling of hidden agendas .
* * *
Well , I 'm definitely intrigued .
Alpha Protocol is a day - one purchase for me , so you can expect my impressions shortly after the release and a full review 2 - 3 weeks after .
I 've had a chat with several Alpha Protocol people : Chris Parker - Executive Producer / Project Director , Chris Avellone - Lead Designer , and Matt MacLean - Systems Lead , so if there is something you 'd like to know about the game , there is a good chance that you 'll find the answer in this 6 - page long interview .
If you 're an aspiring game developer , you might enjoy Chris Avellone 's " " lecture and even learn a thing or two .
In Alpha Protocol , the genre defined the 3rd person player perspective and the amount of action / shooting / stealthing the game should have .
The game is an espionage RPG , which means we present spy challenges , combat challenges , character progression , and attribute changes based on the genre conventions .
So what does that mean for the RPG experience ?
Well :- Being a spy conjures ( excuse the irony ) forth images of infiltrating an area undetected .
So , you are rewarded for being stealthy and avoiding detection as much as if you 'd killed someone in your path .
3rd person was the best way to communicate this aspect in the game . -
We wanted martial arts , which we felt was key to the Bourne experience - the ability to perform satisfying martial arts moves in 1st person is harder to do than in 3rd person .
Much of the emotional payoff from hand to hand combat is being able to see exactly how your kicks and punches connect with the enemy , so again , we felt 3rd person was a good choice . -
We wanted the player to identify with Michael Thorton , which means we wanted him visible during the action .
There are other genre conventions as well , although they do n't break down by camera perspective or shooter vs. 1st / 3rd person RPGs .
We wanted the player to use intel , hacking , and lockpicking and have these actions reward you with experience , information , and knowledge of an area or a subject and make you a better spy .
We also wanted to make sure we gave the player options based on what actually transpires in the mission - if your superiors tell you not to kill or kill , avoid detection or be obvious , you can choose to accomplish it however you want based on your judgment and the circumstances .
The short answer is we wanted Alpha Protocol 's RPG elements and camera perspective make sense within the genre , and that 's what we were striving for .
Bioshock is a shooter with choices , it 's the lack of character construction phase that prevents an RPG comparison .
This is fine because Bioshock 's not billed that way and I had a lot of fun ( and fear ) while playing it .
I also do n't mean the a set persona for the main character prevents the RPG experience , either , I 'm talking about the choices in building that persona with different paths at the outset , which you had in System Shock 2 with the interactive career path options .
Regardless , I did not go into SS2 expecting an RPG .
What I did get was a great game .
There 's a reason I continually cite System Shock 2 as a " design doc " game developers should play - it got so many things about the game experience right , it 's a must - play title .
The biggest problem we ran into was trying to balance the action game and maintain the things we think are important in RPGs .
For example , you can't have a high action shooter with bad weapon mechanics - so when you are figuring out how you want your RPG system to work , you need to work against some of the typical RPG clichés like having your ability to - hit determined by skill .
Instead you need to embrace all the great things about the first or third person shooter , and then figure out how to make your RPG without screwing those things up .
What worked for us is deciding how much we wanted the game to be player - skill - driven vs. character - skill - driven and stick to it .
For instance - we were okay with making the player actually aim , shoot , and take cover via action controls and not a tactical menu were you select attack or defend - if you can't play an FPS , you probably can't play our game but to try and accommodate that level of action handicap would require making two different games .
From there , we knew we wanted the game to be theoretically beatable if you never used any RPG skills but were just ridiculously good at action gaming - not because we wanted the player to ignore the cool abilities we offer , but because giving the player the choice to put points anywhere means we can't make progression contingent on any one ability - so we were okay with skills you did n't invest in getting less useful vs. enemies rising in power as the game goes on - there 's just never any obstacle that requires any one certain skill .
We also decided we wanted only a few vectors of randomness in the action - a bucking SMG fires in a cone ( not directly down range in laser beam line ) so that might be random , but the damage it causes is not and the bad guy does n't have a random chance to dodge .
When you upgrade your skills , weapons , etc. your weapons have a tighter cone , your shots do more damage , you suffer less inaccuracy running or sustaining fire , and you open up more ways to get super accurate shots - so upgrading Mike 's skill acts as a way to improve your action gameplay , but even an un-skilled Mike could dispatch every enemy in the game with a savvy ( and determined ) player controlling him .
Each weapon in Alpha Protocol has a personality - while playing , I found assault rifles and pistols suited me for my stealth / suave path , and I used each weapon in a noticeably different way in the environment : pistols were an excellent companion for stealth , for example , due to the silencers and the incredible precision shooting ( the tradeoff is you have to get close enough to make it work ) and assault rifles were sloppier but with an excellent range , allowing me to remotely target and dispatch enemies with subsonic rounds ( which requires patient aim ) .
I had initially intended to use the assault rifle solely as a backup weapon for enemies at a distance if I tripped an alarm , then I changed my use of it once I was able to contact weapons dealers to get the ammo I needed to make it more effective .
Once I got subsonic rounds , I used those bullets sparingly to stealth kill opponents from a greater distance when I could n't sneak in close enough .
In general , I found the pistol 's default silencer makes it better for stealth reliability .
On my aggressive playthrough , I decided I was going to arm myself as if I did n't care about the whole world knowing my presence no matter how many alarms were going off , so I fell back on shotguns for close - quarter ambushes ( drawing enemy attention , then taking cover and lying in wait for them to run around the corner - or bust down the door - then blast them all at once ) .
I also used submachine guns for clusters of enemies I took by surprise or reinforcements funneling from a common entry point .
This had its own consequences in the game , but it was my decision to mow down anything that got in my path .
In any event , the weapon skills have sufficient personality and environment usages to make them merit their own skills on a par with Martial Arts , Stealth , and the tech line .
" Everything Else " is n't rolled into two skills - the play has 4 shooting skills plus Stealth , Toughness , Martial Arts , Technical Aptitude , and Sabotage .
Guns are the most expedient and straight - forward way of dealing with enemies in Alpha Protocol - not necessarily the best way , but it certainly takes the least amount of mental effort to point and shoot .
Rolling every weapon skill into one shooting skill would present something of a no - brainer - you'd be hard - pressed not to put all your points into it every time you play the game .
Additionally , we have a ton of weapon abilities and if we wanted to roll all the cool things you can do with all the guns in the game , you 'd need to make several dozen ranks of the skill to unlock all the abilities ( not to mention the iterative steps of each ability from early - game dabbling version to end - game master edition ) or we'd be overloading each rank with more information than we want the player to have to track - or the player would find that they 're wading through several ranks of this one single skill collecting bonuses for weapons they never plan on using and that hashes the buzz of a good character building flow .
The goal was to create a cinematic spy experience with a sense of urgency , and the dialogue system accomplishes that .
A timed dialogue system is more true to the genre ( sense of pressure , commitment of your decisions , and spurring the player to make sure they 've done their homework before going into a conversation they can't take back ) .
Like 24 , we want you to feel tense and on edge , even during conversations .
In focus tests we 've done , it 's certainly worked .
During EmSense testing ( a testing procedure that puts sensors on people 's heads , then tracks their brainwaves during playtests ) the amount of engagement the player had during a dialogue in Alpha Protocol was comparable to a combat sequence , something other RPGs had n't exhibited before , and that 's a good thing .
When you see a Speech skill in a role - playing game , it 's usually the " correct " response .
That 's not much of a choice .
So we made the " speech skill " based on actions you take in the game world including research , paying attention to cues in the dialogue , your attitude when speaking to someone , the amount of Intel you 've gathered or purchased , and how you treat other people - not just the person you 're talking to .
We want you to act the way you want when choosing a stance or action , not have a skill point you to the " best " option .
In addition , dialogue in Alpha Protocol is complicated in that you do n't always want to succeed in a conventional speech check against someone .
In the spy feel of the game , there are many positive and negative repercussions to dealing with folks that pay off immediately ( which is how players have been trained with Speech ) but also longer - term counterbalancing positive and negative repercussions ( which do undermine how Speech skills are perceived ) .
By the end of the game , there is n't always a clear win when all 's said and done - just reactivity .
In short , the payoffs for a response or behavior that would be typically defined by a short - term Speech skill success are often " too soon to tell , " both immediately and in missions down the road .
Without giving spoilers , the answer to your first question : the changes that take place from this trilemma are in boss reactivity , merchant availability , the armament ( better or worse ) for future adversaries in other optional and critical missions in the Op after the event takes place , availability of added caches , perks , bonus pay , additional intel options , and news reports ( which are n't a game mechanic , per se , but they are designed to hit the player emotionally ) .
It also affects reputation from your handler , and from the people you are fighting in your first Op .
The answer to your second question : you lose a lot of resources and connections in the region , you lose access to better weapons , it causes changes in boss reactivity , loss of a vendor , and reputation changes in the NPCs involved with the Op .
The consequences are n't all bad , however , and the bonuses for arresting him have different ( positive ) consequences as well .
Just play the way you want to play .
You get different rewards and consequences , and betraying or disobeying your superiors feels just as satisfying as carrying out their orders to the letter .
We designed the interactions so that purposely disappointing your superiors with your attitude and approach also provided a feeling of satisfaction .
Class , my lecture and / or discussion is entitled the " kitchen sink theory of game design and gamer perception , " and what I learned way back when at Black Isle ( groans from class , followed by " not BIS again " ) .
The lesson is this : you can achieve an equally compelling and I 'd argue , more compelling story with fewer , deeper characters than a thousand shallow ones .
That , however , is only one of the points I learned and applied concerning a title I worked on back at Obsidian Entertainment before they rose to power and took control of the Western Seaboard ( hushed fear from class ) .
The first point is making fewer characters that are deeper and more reactive creates a more quality experience .
We did n't have 40 companions in Torment , we had less than expected for similar titles , and I worried about that decision at the time .
In the end , the choice was the right one .
It 's not just that , though .
Way back in 2010 , once upon a time at an IGDA forum panel on story , I was asked what makes a good game story .
I argued that a good game story can be achieved with a lot of reactivity , however you choose to implement it .
If the story has the player 's actions in the game at the forefront , the positive feedback loop is much stronger than a passive story the player is subjected to .
I firmly believe that .
That was the goal in Alpha Protocol 1 , and it delivered , as evidenced by the recent releases of Alpha Protocol 12 , Alpha Protocol : Hidden Agenda : International Politics Simulator , and Alpha Protocol : Global Thermonuclear War .
The second point I want to make is something that 's largely either given the finger ( " what 's that , " someone whispers , " is that an old symbol of disrespect in the 21st century ? " ) , viewed negatively , or else given a dismissive shrug by the gaming community when you explain why you have n't included a feature in the game .
For example , you may be tempted to ask why do n't you include a thousand deep interactive characters ?
We 're paying for this shit , after all , it 's the least you can do .
So right you are , you are paying for a quality experience ... you in the back , shut up for a second or I 'll activate the educational restraint collar ... in a blue sky world ( back when the skies were blue ) , having thousands of characters in a game with thousands of ways to interact seems ideal .
Great .
The realities of game production , however , give you bookends and force yourself to ask how can you develop the same emotional reward without a ten year development cycle and a two year testing cycle ?
The unfortunate reality is you have X years , X languages , X amount for voice acting , and X people to make it happen .
Your goal is to create a compelling story .
Again , my answer is to add reactivity .
So in Alpha Protocol we achieved this by reducing the cast , not only because it complimented the genre ( the central cast list in a Bond , Bourne , or Bauer production is n't large - although in 24 , the emotional switchbacks among the cast are very high ) but because it would create a better story .
Class dismissed .
I do n't expect people who reach the end - game to have the same results .
One of our design visions was you can't reload the endgame 10 minutes before the end and hit all the different endings .
While the opening mission is the most self - contained to get the player up to speed , what we shot for in Alpha Protocol is " hubs within hubs , " and the idea was to include a range of missions in each hub that you could tackle in any order , and hopefully , by studying the mission details , you decide what mission you want to tackle based on your skill set and your preferred playstyle .
If you 're focused on stealth , for example , you may want to tackle infiltration missions instead of the combat - oriented missions .
If you 've accumulated enough Intel and Dossier info on a contact , you may want to talk to them first before starting the other missions , and use what you learn from them ( and what you hide from them ) to your advantage .
In short , the choices you make in these missions can result in different missions , different objectives , different handlers on missions , different perks , different boss battles with different tactics , email exchanges , new merchant options ( and unique weapon options ) , and the unveiling of hidden agendas .
Well , I 'm definitely intrigued .
Alpha Protocol is a day - one purchase for me , so you can expect my impressions shortly after the release and a full review 2 - 3 weeks after .
Logged
“ I do n’t think they were very pleased .
I do n’t think this sort of thing has been done before in the history of the society . ”
Society to review climate message
By Roger Harrabin Environment analyst , BBC News
There is debate over “ feedback ” effects on the climate
The UK ’s Royal Society is reviewing its public statements on climate change after 43 Fellows complained that it had oversimplified its messages .
They said the communications did not properly distinguish between what was widely agreed on climate science and what is not fully understood .
The society ’s ruling council has responded by setting up a panel to produce a consensus document .
The panel should report in July and the report is to be published in September .
It is chaired by physicist John Pethica , vice - president of the Royal Society .
Its deliberations are reviewed by two critical sub - groups , each believed to comprise seven members .
Each of these groups contains a number of society Fellows who are doubtful in some way about the received view of the risks of rising CO2 levels .
It ’s not clear to me how we are going to get precise agreement on the wording – Review member
One panel member told me : “ The timetable is very tough – one draft has already been rejected as completely inadequate . ”
The review member said it might not be possible for the document to be agreed at all .
“ This is a very serious challenge to the way the society operates , ” I was told .
“ In the past we have been able to give advice to governments as a society without having to seek consensus of all the members .
“ There is very clear evidence that governments are right to be very worried about climate change .
But in any society like this there will inevitably be people who disagree about anything – and my fear is that the society may become paralysed on this issue . ”
Another review member told me : “ The sceptics have been very strident and well - organised .
It ’s not clear to me how we are going to get precise agreement on the wording – we are scientists and we ’re being asked to do a job of public communication that is more like journalism . ”
But both members said they agreed that some of the previous communications of the organisation in the past were poorly judged .
Question everything
A Royal Society pamphlet Climate Change Controversies is the main focus of the criticism .
A version of it is on the organisation ’s website .
It was written in response to attacks on mainstream science which the Royal Society considered scurrilous .
It reads : “ This is not intended to provide exhaustive answers to every contentious argument that has been put forward by those who seek to distort and undermine the science of climate change … ”
One Fellow who said he was not absolutely convinced of the dangers of CO2 told me : “ This appears to suggest that anyone who questions climate science is malicious .
But in science everything is there to be questioned – that should be the very essence of the Royal Society .
Some of us were very upset about that .
“ I can understand why this has happened – there is so much politically and economically riding on climate science that the society would find it very hard to say ‘ well , we are still fairly sure that greenhouse gases are changing the climate ’ but the politicians simply would n’t accept that level of honest doubt . ”
Another society protester said he wanted to be called a climate agnostic rather than a sceptic .
He said he wanted the society ’s website to “ do more to question the accuracy of the science on climate feedbacks ” ( in which a warming world is believed to make itself warmer still through natural processes ) .
“ We sent an e-mail round our friends , mainly in physical sciences , ” he said .
“ Then when we had got 43 names we approached the council in January asking for the website entry on climate to be re-written .
I do n’t think they were very pleased .
I do n’t think this sort of thing has been done before in the history of the society .
“ But we won the day , and the work is underway to re-write it .
I am very hopeful that we will find a form of words on which we can agree .
“ I know it looks like a tiny fraction of the total membership ( 1,314 ) but remember we only emailed our friends – we did n’t raise a general petition . ”
much more here at the BBC
h /t to WUWT reader “ Sandy in Derby ”
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
The scale of the walls uncovered indicate a high - status building
Remains unearthed in Nottinghamshire could be an unknown Roman temple , archaeologists have claimed .
Excavations on the Minster C of E School site in Southwell between September 2008 and May 2009 revealed walls , ditches and ornate stones .
The team analysing the finds said the shape and quality of the remains suggest it could have been an important place of worship .
This could mean Southwell enjoyed a high status Roman Britain , they added .
A wall of large block masonry that was probably plastered and possibly painted , with a ditch that may have contained water , was possibly the boundary of a large temple .
Roman pilgrims
The remains of timber scaffolding for the wall were also uncovered .
Radiocarbon dating of this dated it to the first century .
Ursilla Spence from Nottinghamshire County Council , the archaeologist who supervised the work , said a lack of domestic remains , like pots and tools , also indicated a ceremonial use .
" This is a fascinating site , " she said .
" But , so far , it has raised more questions than it has answered .
" I hope that future excavation work , when the site is developed , will throw more light on exactly what was going on here 2,000 years ago .
" But , whatever we might find in future , I believe we have already shown that Roman Southwell was a much more significant place than anyone previously thought . "
She added that if the site was a temple , a nearby ' villa ' with mosaics , excavated in 1959 , could actually have been a hotel for pilgrims .
The site is expected to be developed for housing and further excavation would take place during the building work .
OLPC ’s founder , Nicolas Negroponte , is one of the best hype men in the tech industry .
His aims are admirable –to create ultra- low cost laptops for the developing world .
But he ’s also fond of announcing crazy products with completely impossible timelines and feature sets .
The next version of the OLPC XO , the XO - 3 , may actually buck that trend .
When it was initially announced back in December , it seemed like yet another pipe dream , with an unrealistic artist ’s rendering to accompany it .
The idea was a $ 75 tablet , running Android ( though Negroponte seems open to other OSes , Android is both free and well - established , thus probably the best choice ) , with a dual - mode screen like the Pixel Qi .
You can use it backlit , like an iPad , but then flip a switch and the display becomes static , like the Kindle ’s e-ink display .
This is great for both reading books and for outdoor use–backlit screens are difficult to read outdoors , but static screens are impossible to read in the dark , so for developing countries , dual - mode is ideal .
It all seemed too good to be true–but Negroponte announced yesterday that OLPC will be using Marvell ’s Moby reference design , pictured above–an already - existing template that currently sells for $ 99 .
It ’s much higher - powered than the XO - 3 would need , with features like a 1GHz processor , HDMI - out , and HD video encoding that are n’t really necessary for the XO - 3 ’s target market .
Perhaps OLPC can scale down some of the internals to hit their $ 75 target .
Regardless , this means the XO - 3 has an excellent chance of actually coming to market within our lifetimes .
Hopefully Negroponte and OLPC can get it together and out the door .
Image caption Mrs Longhitano says Catholicism is crippled without women
A married teacher has become the first woman priest to be ordained in Italy .
Maria Vittoria Longhitano , 35 , who belongs to a breakaway faction of the Catholic Church , received the holy orders at an Anglican church in Rome .
She belongs to the Italian Old Catholic Church , a congregation that broke away from Roman Catholicism in the 19th Century .
While the Vatican is opposed to women priests , other Christian groups have long accepted female clergy .
Mrs Longhitano , who will now be known as Mother Longhitano , said she hoped to break down what she described as prejudice in the Roman Catholic church .
" We are talking about an extremely hierarchical system ; a male caste with a strong instinct of self - preservation , " she said .
" And this is why there is this general attitude against ordaining women in the Church . "
The Roman Catholic Church says it obeys the directives of Jesus Christ , whose 12 Apostles were all men .
The BBC's Duncan Kennedy in Rome says some commentators have argued that having more women in the Church may have helped prevent the priest child - abuse scandal of recent years .
Having women ordained in Italy from a fringe Catholic group will not be as divisive as women bishops has been in the Anglican communion , our correspondent says .
For now , its impact is likely to be more symbolic than anything more profound , he adds .
This Week in SCIENCE , Volume 327 , Issue 5967 , Food Security dated February 12 2010 , is now available at :
http://www.sciencemag.org/content/vol327/issue5967/twis.dtl
Standing High ( requires free registration to view )
Excerpts :
Abstract :
Sea -Level Highstand 81,000 Years Ago in Mallorca
Jeffrey A. Dorale , 1 , * Bogdan P. Onac , 2 , * Joan J. Fornós , 3 Joaquin Ginés , 3 Angel Ginés , 3 Paola Tuccimei, 4 David W. Peate1
Global sea level and Earth ’s climate are closely linked .
Using speleothem encrustations from coastal caves on the island of Mallorca , we determined that western Mediterranean relative sea level was ~ 1 meter above modern sea level ~ 81,000 years ago during marine isotope stage ( MIS ) 5 a .
Although our findings seemingly conflict with the eustatic sea - level curve of far - field sites , they corroborate an alternative view that MIS 5a was at least as ice - free as the present , and they challenge the prevailing view of MIS 5 sea - level history and certain facets of ice - age theory .
1 Department of Geoscience , University of Iowa , 121 Trowbridge Hall , Iowa City , IA 52242 , USA .
2 Department of Geology , University of South Florida , 4202 East Fowler Avenue , SCA 528 , Tampa , FL 33620 , USA ; and Department of Geology , Babes - Bolyai University , Emil Racovita Institute of Speleology Cluj , Romania .
3 Departament de Ciències de la Terra , Universitat de les Illes Balears , Carretera Valldemossa km 7.5 , Palma de Mallorca , 07122 , Spain .
4 Dipartimento di Scienze Geologiche , Università di Roma III , Largo St. Leonardo Murialdo , 1 , 00146 Roma , Italy .
…
Sea - level rises and falls as Earth ’s giant ice sheets shrink and grow .
It has been thought that sea level around 81,000 years ago — well into the last glacial period — was 15 to 20 meters below that of today and , thus , that the ice sheets were more extensive .
Dorale et al. ( p. 860 ; see the Perspective by Edwards ) now challenge this view .
A speleothem that has been intermittently submerged in a cave on the island of Mallorca was dated to show that , historically , sea level was more than a meter above its present height .
This data implies that temperatures were as high as or higher than now , even though the concentration of CO2 in the atmosphere was much lower .
…
, Bermuda [ Ber ( 23 , 24 ) ] , Grand Cayman [ GC ( 25 ) ] , and Mallorca [ Mal ( 1 ) ] .
( C ) Sea - level reconstruction for Mallorca .
Elevations and U / Th ages of encrusted speleothems throughout MIS 5 and at the onset of MIS 4 are shown ( ages and 2 { sigma} error bars are color - coded by sample ; blue - colored ages are obtained from earlier studies ( 10 ) .
( D ) The reconstructed ocean water {delta}18O , scaled as sea level ( 29 ) .
( E ) 60 °N June insolation ( 27 ) .
The vertical yellow bar denotes the timing of peak MIS 5a sea level recorded at Mallorca and shows a good correlation with 60 °N June insolation and the reconstructed ocean water { delta}18O scaled as sea level . " ] ” ] …
We therefore consider the simple interpretation of our data that eustatic sea level during MIS 5a stood around +1 m relative to present sea level , implying less ice on Earth 81,000 years ago than today .
Although this interpretation conflicts with the generally accepted eustatic sea - level curve based on the far - field sites of Barbados and New Guinea , it is consistent with a number of other estimates from around the world , including those from the Bahamas , the U.S. Atlantic Coastal Plain , Bermuda , Cayman Islands , and California ( 4 , 6 , 22 –26 ) ( Fig. 2B ) .
We considered the simple fact that this geographically diverse suite of sites spans a wide range of presumed isostatic states , yet the suite consistently indicates a late MIS 5a highstand of ~ +0 to 3 m ( Fig. 2B ) .
Bermuda and Mallorca , for example , are both tectonically stable , and both have MIS 5e / 5a estimates of 2 to 3 and 1 to 2 m above modern sea level , respectively ; whereas MIS 5e / 5a estimates from Barbados are ~ +5 m and ~ – 18 m ( 2 ) .
Any appeal to GIA to account for these discrepancies must somehow take into account the unlikely outcome that different ice centers on different continents ( Laurentide versus Fennoscandian ) would generate the virtually identical MIS 5e / 5a relative sea-level histories of tectonically stable Bermuda and Mallorca .
The very rapid onset and relatively brief nature of the MIS 5a highstand may have plausibly generated lags between the timing of sea - level changes and the timing of coral reef growth , and may provide a partial explanation as to why reefs on Barbados and New Guinea do not record a comparable eustatic height for this event .
This and other factors that could be part of the apparent discrepancy are discussed in ( 9 ) .
============
h /t to WUWT reader David Hagen
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
When Arizona passed a law that handed local police unprecedented authority to investigate and arrest suspected illegal immigrants , the state ignited a firestorm in a midterm election year .
And for Kris Kobach , the former Bush administration lawyer who helped draft the legislation , the crackdown in Arizona is just the beginning .
A telegenic law professor with stellar academic credentials — Harvard undergrad , Yale Law School — Kobach has been the brains behind similarly tough local - level immigration measures and legal actions across the country .
And he says he ’s discussing with officials about whether measures similar to the Arizona law could be passed elsewhere .
“ I have been contacted by legislators in other states … with questions about the Arizona statutes , ” Kobach says in an interview .
He wo n’t reveal where most of these inquiries were from , but said he was talking to state legislators in Kansas — where he ’s also running for secretary of state this fall .
Already , state and national lawmakers in Oklahoma , Ohio , North Carolina , and Georgia have vowed to pass copycat measures .
Kobach denies that he ’s the mastermind behind any of the anti-immigration laws he ’s drafted or defended .
Rather , he insists he simply assists officials who are already committed to tougher enforcement policies .
“ I did not generate the motivation to pass the law … I am merely the attorney who comes in , refines , and drafts their statutes , ” he says .
But advocates on both sides of the immigration debate agree that his influence has been far - reaching .
Rosemary Jenks of NumbersUSA , an anti-immigration group , calls Kobach “ instrumental in helping states and localities deal with the federal government ’s authority . ”
Vivek Mahotra , a lawyer from the American Civil Liberties Union , which has frequently tussled with Kobach in court , says , “ What Kris Kobach has done as a lawyer is really gone out to localities around the country and really used them as experimental laboratories for pushing questionable legal theories about how far states and local governments can go . ”
Kobach , 44 , has spent much of his professional life developing the legal framework that a growing number of state and local officials have used to justify anti-immigration proposals .
A rising star in the GOP establishment , Kobach — a professor at the University of Missouri - Kansas City Law School — joined John Ashcroft ’s Justice Department days before 9/11 .
Over the next two years , he helped create a program that required all visiting citizens from 25 mostly Arab countries to be fingerprinted and monitored — a policy that critics said amounted to racial profiling .
During these years , Kobach advanced an idea that had long been circulating in conservative legal circles : that local and state officials have the “ inherent authority ” to enforce federal immigration laws .
This unorthodox notion bucked the prevailing view — long held by both Republican and Democratic administrations — that the federal government has principal jurisdiction over immigration under the Supremacy Clause of the Constitution .
If local and state governments were to strike out on their own , they could undermine federal efforts , create the potential for draconian crackdowns , and detract from law enforcement efforts by discouraging immigrants from cooperating with police , critics argue .
In 2002 , however , Ashcroft ’s Office of Legal Counsel issued a memo , which Kobach contributed to , supporting the “ inherent authority ” theory .
In the years since , state and local officials have deployed that rationale to devise their own anti-immigration policies without direction from the federal government — often with help from Kobach himself .
After leaving the administration in 2003 , Kobach went on to work with a number of local governments and officials around the country on immigration matters — sometimes operating independently and sometimes working with groups like the Immigration Reform Law Institute .
IRLI was founded by the Federation for American Immigration Reform ( FAIR ) , a group that aims to reduce both illegal and legal immigration .
FAIR has been criticized for its ties to controversial activist John Tanton ( who once asked , “ As Whites see their power and control over their lives declining , will they simply go quietly into the night ? ” ) and the Pioneer Fund , which has its origins in the eugenics movement .
Calling the charges against FAIR “ an absurd smear of six degrees of separation , ” Kobach has disavowed any connections to hardline nativists .
Arizona state officials first retained Kobach in 2006 to defend a law that made immigrant smuggling a state crime .
That initiative was spearheaded by the now - infamous Sheriff Joe Arpaio , whose heavy - handed tactics against prisoners and immigrants in Maricopa County have been the target of thousands of lawsuits , as well as a Department of Justice investigation .
Kobach successfully defended the smuggling law in federal court , and went on to train Arpaio ’s officers in immigration enforcement strategies .
He also helped write another controversial Arizona law that would fine employers if they fail to check the immigration status of potential hires .
The law , which Kobach believes is “ much more sweeping in scope and arguably has a greater potential impact on illegal immigration ” than Arizona ’s 2010 legislation , is awaiting review by the Supreme Court .
The Kansas attorney has also defended legislation in Pennsylvania and Texas that would revoke operating licenses for businesses who hired illegal immigrants and landlords who rented to them .
He successfully sued the state of California to block a legislative provision that allowed illegal immigrants to pay in - state college tuition rates .
And he ’s preparing to open up yet another front in the immigration fight in San Francisco , representing a woman whose husband and sons were allegedly killed by an illegal immigrant — and who is suing the city for designating itself as a “ sanctuary ” that discourages immigration crackdowns .
Liberal immigration advocates say that Kobach has worked hard to develop laws that can withstand court challenges .
“ [ The Arizona ] law was very carefully crafted to track many provisions in federal law — it creates a plausible case for proponents to say we ’re not doing anything new , ” says Mary Giovagnoli , executive director of the Immigration Policy Center .
“ It ’s a disingenuous argument , to say if it ’s illegal in the federal law , it ’s OK when it ’s illegal in state law … but it ’s very clever lawyering . ”
For his part , Kobach says he ’s simply learned from his regular adversaries , such as the ACLU and Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund .
“ They take the courts very seriously and recognize that the legal battles in the courtroom are every bit as important in political battles in Congress and in the state legislature , ” he says .
The Arizona immigration law has opened up a split between leading Republicans who ’ve supported the law and those who ’ve vehemently denounced it , including Jeb Bush , Karl Rove , and Texas Gov. Rick Perry .
Yet Kobach denies that the issue could divide the GOP .
“ I do n’t think the Arizona will end up causing any kind of rift in the Republican Party , ” says Kobach .
“ Many of those Republicans who criticized the law right at the outset — they obviously had n’t had a chance to read it … I do n’t expect they ’ll continue to oppose it . ”
On the phone , on radio , and on television , Kobach strikes a measured tone .
He talks about immigration in legalistic language , eschewing fear - mongering rhetoric .
But he ’s attracted accolades from national conservatives who routinely inflame the right - wing base .
“ We need a Kris Kobach in every state in the country , ” Michelle Malkin has declared .
“ No one in this country has done more to stop illegal immigration than Kris Kobach , ” former Rep. Tom Tancredo has said .
And Kobach is making use of the issue in the GOP primary for the Kansas secretary of state race :
He ’s charged that illegal immigrants are helping to fuel rampant voter fraud .
Kobach ’s opponents have pointed to these endorsements as evidence that he ’s an extremist on immigration .
But so far , the criticisms have n’t dented his growing national profile .
Though the immigration fight may ultimately wound the GOP , Kobach , for now , remains ascendant .
Zero tolerance policy in schools -- which can mandate automatic punishment for weapons , drugs , profanity and various forms of disruptive behavior -- is failing to make students feel safe , contends a new study by two Michigan State University researchers .
The policy , established in the mid-1990s to address gun violence in schools , has become plagued by inconsistent enforcement and inadequate security , according to the study , which appears in the May issue of the journal Urban Education .
As a result , the very students zero tolerance was designed to protect overwhelmingly say the policy is ineffective , said Laura McNeal , assistant professor of teacher education and lead researcher on the project .
" Zero tolerance policy represents what happens when there is a disconnect between law on the books and law in action , " said McNeal , who has a law degree .
" We need to reform existing policies such as zero tolerance to ensure every child receives a high - quality education in a safe and supportive learning environment . "
McNeal and Christopher Dunbar Jr. , associate professor of educational administration , interviewed and collected data from above - average students at 15 urban high schools in the Midwest .
While much has been written about students punished under zero tolerance , this study is one of the first to bring in the voices of well - behaved students , the researchers said .
Zero tolerance is a result of a 1994 federal law that requires all states receiving federal money to require school districts to expel for at least one year any student found to have brought a weapon to school .
School districts across the nation installed zero - tolerance policies that sometimes went further -- expelling students for cursing , defiant behavior and bringing over - the - counter medications , for examples .
McNeal said zero tolerance has been starkly criticized by the media , educators and parents for failing to improve school safety .
The students surveyed in this study said zero tolerance is rife with problems , including too few security guards ; security guards who are underpaid , lazy or corrupt ; nonworking metal detectors ; and administrators who show favoritism .
To address the problem , McNeal and Dunbar recommend :
Creating a non-bias approach to zero tolerance by establishing a universal handbook that clearly defines what constitutes a violation and the appropriate punishment .
Improving security .
This includes hiring school security guards with professional training and paying them appropriately .
Dunbar said students in the study actually favor a zero tolerance policy -- but only if it is fair and effective .
" How can children be expected to excel , " he said , " in an environment that promotes trepidation and high anxiety due to safety concerns ? "
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
If you were to ask 100 people what the greatest global disaster of our lifetime was , you probably would not get more than two or three correct answers .
You might be lucky to get even that .
Some people might say “ The Volcano erupting in Iceland ” , others might suggest “ Hurricane Katrina ” , or any number of “ Tsunamis ” .
All wrong .
Now if you were to point out that the greatest global disaster of our lifetime was without a doubt partially human caused , you might get guesses along the lines of the attacks on the Trade Towers in the United States , or even the disappearing Aral Sea .
Again all wrong .
The greatest global disaster is one of our own making and it started about 10,000 years ago , and continues virtually unchecked even today .
If not dealt with it will very likely result in a total obliteration of the human race .
This is the Holocene Extinction Event .
While extinctions happen regularly it is not with the rate at which they are occurring today .
As human populations have skyrocketed , other plant and animal populations have plummeted .
One example of this is the Passenger Pigeon , ( below ) a bird that was possibly the most abundant bird in the world in the 19th Century .
With numbers in the billions , they were hunted to extinction , and suffered greatly when the forests they nested in were destroyed .
The last Passenger Pigeon died in captivity in 1914 .
photo source
The Moa , Quagga , Tarpan , and Steller 's Sea Cow , are popular representations of animals that have gone extinct due to humans , or human activity .
The Steller 's Sea Cow being driven to extinction within only 27 years of its initial discovery .
Blue Fin Tuna are expected to only be around for another 3 years if we do not reduce our fishing ( aka eating ) of these animals .
Indirectly species have been exterminated as a result of our actions , pollution , and introduced species .
The Dodo birds population was only slightly hampered by hunting , it was species introduced to their island home ( cats , dogs , monkeys , and swine ) who eventually did this flightless birds in .
Several species have become extinct due to global warming ( links to human activity are of course disputed on this ) .
Coral reefs have died off when ocean temperatures are too warm , and all the life they support also dies off .
It is not just animal species , but plants too .
We may never know how many plant ( and animal ) species have been lost with deforestation throughout the worlds rain forests .
How many marine species have died as a result of the pollution that we have poured into our rivers and oceans ?
Estimates put the number of species already lost between 20,000 and 2 million , with species going extinct daily .
Scientists have a list to monitor extinction , at the top of the list are things like humans , we are of Least Concern .
In the middle of the list are Endangered Animals , things like many of our tigers and other predators .
At the bottom of the list is Extinct in the Wild , in which the only living beings , are those in zoos .
Then we have extinct , gone forever .
photo source
The Balinese Tiger , as pictured above , was declared to be extinct in 1937 .
Reasons : Hunting and habitat loss .
Honey bees has been noted for having a drop in population , every thing from cell phones , to pesticide use has been blamed , but really we do not know why bee populations are falling .
One thing is certain , without honey bees , many species , possibly humans , will not continue to exist .
For those who fail to understand this , we must note , honey bees are major pollinators .
They pollinate many fruits and vegetables ( including soybeans ) , but more importantly they pollinate plants such as alfalfa , and clover , major food sources for beef and dairy cattle .
photo source
We can continue to ignore the plight of animals , continue to allow species to be hunted to extinction , continue to allow the rain forest to be cleared , or we can take control of our own population and see that it stops its destructive path .
The Holocene Extinction Event is the most alarming , and under - talked - about global disaster of our lifetime .
Related Reading
20 Ways to make Life Better for Animals
How Many People does it take to Screw Up the Planet ?
The Human Over Population Problem
Mexican Kitchen by Karen Hursh Graber
Read Part II – Pork and Lamb
One of the most puzzling aspects of marketing for the newly arrived resident of Mexico is shopping for meat .
It is frequently cut differently than it is north of the border , to accommodate Mexican cooking techniques .
At first glance , the contents of the glassed - in meat counters in the mercado seem to resemble the “ Texas Chain Saw Massacre ” rather than any familiar cuts of meat .
Even in the supermarkets , labels are often confusing .
The basic cuts are not so different , but the way they are broken down often is .
However , meat can usually be cut to order if the shopper has the right nomenclature .
This is also true for those living outside Mexico and trying to prepare Mexican recipes .
What to use for authentic fajitas , guisados , or asados ?
In response to reader requests , we ’ll take a look at Mexican beef cuts , how they are used , and what they are called .
Beef in general is called carne de res .
Ground beef is molida de res , and Mexican butchers will grind any cut requested , which is good news for those wanting extra lean ground meat .
With all the recent scares about pre-ground beef in the U.S. , it is somewhat reassuring to get the meat custom ground .
If the beef is to be finely chopped instead of ground , ask for picada .
The same holds true for milanesas , or cutlets .
The butcher will cut them to order right in front of the customer , and then pound them to the desired thickness .
Vigilance is recommended here .
If not watched carefully , the carnicero will pound them until they resemble slivers of Swiss cheese .
The customer then brings them home , dips them in egg , and , with a rolling pin , presses as many breadcrumbs into the slices of meat as they can hold , fries them , and serves milanesas de res , a classic Mexican way of extending a small quantity of meat .
With the exception of roasts , which are not served frequently , and grilled meat , Mexican butchers usually cut beef into thin slices or cubes .
The pre-Hispanic people did not have bovine or porcine red meat , and the colonials most often had servants to cut the meat into the small pieces frequently found in Spanish dishes , a job is that is usually done today at the carnicería ( butcher shop . )
Butchers also do a painstaking job of removing fat , and sometimes have to be stopped from cutting off too much of this carrier of flavor , since Mexican beef is generally leaner and less well - marbled than that found in other places .
For this reason , many Mexican beef dishes are braised or stewed .
Mexican beef is generally not aged , making it tend toward toughness , so that meat to be treated in any other way but stewing or braising benefits greatly from marinating .
The ubiquitous bisteces ( beefsteaks ) are nearly always cut from a non-marbled piece of meat and marinating is highly recommended .
( In recent years , the importation of grain - fed beef from the U.S. and Argentina has made tender beef more readily available in restaurants and urban supermarkets .
According to the 2007 Annual Livestock Report for the Republic of Mexico , 85 % of the beef imported into Mexico comes from the U.S.
The Mexican cattle industry , in working to gain self - sufficiency , is currently focusing on increasing its calf production . )
Besides not being aged , beef in Mexico is also not generally thickly cut , even in supermarkets , where recognizable cuts such as rib eye are often much thinner than what foreigners have in mind for a “ thick , juicy steak . ”
The exception to this is in the northern part of the country , where the beef is generally cut thicker than in the south .
A thicker - cut steak is sometimes called a chuleta , while the bistec is usually cut thinly .
When asking for a whole piece of meat , as opposed to having it cut into cubes , ask for it en trozo , and specify how many kilos are needed .
The butchers have a good eye for estimating weight in cutting a piece for , say , pot roast .
Again , butchers are quite accommodating as far as cutting to order , but if shopping at a mercado rather than a supermarket , it is advisable to get there early , before all the meat has been cut .
The other reason for getting to the meat section of the market early is that many of the stalls keep the meat unrefrigerated .
Here in cool Central Mexico , this is not of much concern during most of the year , and lately I ’ve noticed that more of the larger stalls in the markets are keeping their inventory in meat lockers , with only some cuts displayed in the glass cases .
However , in the warmer tropical areas of the country , it is advisable to get to the carnicería early .
In researching this article , I used several sources , including charts of beef cuts from both Mexico and the U.S. , as well as the chart at my favorite carnicería , along with several conversations with the very patient butcher .
These all combined to help me sort through this topic , although it will always be a work in progress and involve discoveries of regional words .
( Organ meat is a whole other topic , not included here . )
In presenting the information , it seemed pointless to simply list the vocabulary for the various cuts , so I chose to break it down into categories headed by the basic cuts and the recommended cooking methods for each .
The information is accompanied by a diagram that shows the major sections and , within them , the cuts most likely to be requested by foreigners .
It might be helpful to take along and point out what you want , at least until the butcher becomes accustomed to your preferences .
While the most commonly used names for different cuts of beef are used here , there are regional , and even local , variations .
The norteños , in particular , have different ways of cutting and labeling meat , as do the butchers in Chiapas .
Recipes for using different cuts of meat follow the article .
Next month : Pork and Lamb .
Cortes de Res : Cuts of Beef
Diezmillo : Chuck ( Braise or stew )
This is the topmost part of the forequarter , used for chuck roasts , both boneless and bone - in .
The upper part of the chuck , directly behind the head , is called the pescuezo ( neck ) , used for making the fortified beef broth called jugo de res .
The paleta ( shoulder ) is used for chuck steaks and pot roasts .
The rest of this cut is simply called diezmillo .
Cross rib pot roast , also called boneless English roast , comes from the bottom part of this cut , while blade roasts and steaks come from the upper portion .
Since these are not common cuts in Mexico , order ahead ( the diagram should help ) or chances are that they will have been cut for milanesas , bisteces , or carne para guisar ( stew meat . )
Pecho : Brisket ( Braise or stew )
This is located under the chuck .
The front part of the chest , above the fore shank , is generally used for res para guisar ( stewing beef ) .
The back part of the chest is the flat cut Americans generally think of as brisket .
This is a cut that would usually be cut up for stews in Mexico , and one of those that needs to be specially ordered or custom cut early in the day .
Corned beef brisket is not often found in Mexico , but when it is , it is called pecho curado .
Chambarete : Shank ( Braise or stew )
Under the chest is the chambarete de mano ( fore shank ) .
It is most often cross cut and makes a good substitute for veal in preparing osso buco , in which case ask for huesos de tuétano ( marrow bones ) and you will get bone - in shanks .
The rear shank is called the chambarete de pata .
In some parts of the country , the upper part of the shank is called the chamorro , but this term is more frequently applied to pork .
The hoof is called the pata .
A bony cut at the back of the leg joint is called the copete , used for stock .
Entrecot : Rib ( Roast , broil or pan-fry )
This is directly behind the chuck , and is sometimes called rosbif in Mexico .
Bone - in rib roast ( standing rib roast ) is cut from the upper part of the rib section , though this will most likely have to be specially ordered as trozo de rosbif or costillar .
Rib eye steaks – also called rib eye in Mexico – and boneless rib roasts , are cut from the lower part .
Rib eye steaks can usually be found already cut as such in supermarkets .
Other rib steaks are called costillas chuletas .
The lowermost part of the rib yields part of the agujas cortas ( short ribs ) , another common supermarket offering .
Agujas : Short Plate ( Braise or stew )
Under the rib cut , the short plate has the lower short ribs , also called agujas cortas .
( There is a cut of chuck steak , used for grilling , that is called “ aguja ” in parts of Northern Mexico and , though the name is the same , one look tells that this is definitely not a short rib . )
Although the entire cut goes by this name , the lower part of it is the skirt steak , or arrachera .
This is sometimes mistakenly called flank steak , because it does run along the flank , but the skirt steak is the diaphragm muscle .
It is on the tough side , but can be marinated and grilled , and is the cut of choice for fajitas .
Confusingly , the literal translation of “ skirt ” is “ falda ” which is the name for flank steak .
However , the best fajitas are made from arrachera , not falda .
Filete : Short Loin ( Roast , broil or pan-fry )
Located behind the rib section , this is usually the tenderest cut of beef .
From it comes the filete ( filet mignon ) , also called tenderloin in English and solomillo in Spanish .
Tenderloin steak pounded to a very thin 1/8 inch is called sábana , and used to prepare the common restaurant dish Steak Tampiqueña .
Puntas de filete are beef tips .
This cut also yields the T - bone steaks ( the same in both languages ) , a cut commonly found in Mexican supermarkets , as well as porterhouse steak , called chuleta de dos lomos .
Tenderloin ( filet mignon ) can be cut from either of these .
The lowest part of this cut is mostly bone and sold as retazo con hueso ( soup bones . )
Falda : Flank ( Braise or stew )
The flank is located under the filet , along the sides of the beef .
It is a cut of meat that benefits greatly from marinating .
It can be used for fajitas , although arrachera is preferred .
North of the border , it is used for London broil , but in Mexico it is the cut of choice for carne deshebrada ( shredded meat ) used to make the beef salad called salpicón , and in any number of cornmeal - based snack foods , such as taquitos and chalupas .
The fatty piece under the falda is the panza or pancita , sometimes used to make a rather fatty stew called mole de panza .
Between the falda and the lower rump is the suadero , not usually found on charts and generally only cut to make tacos de suadero , most often found in Mexico City .
Aguayón : Sirloin ( Broil , pan - fry or , for the tip , braise )
The section of beef behind both the short loin and the flank , the sirloin yields steaks , both boneless and bone - in .
A sirloin steak will often go by the same name in Mexico , especially in the supermarkets , but may also be called a chuleta de aguayón or a chuleta de aguayón solomillo .
The lower portion of the sirloin , called the sirloin tip , is used for tip steaks or tip roast , but this is not a common cut in Mexico , and for a sirloin tip roast , order aguayón en trozo .
Tapa : Round ( Braise or stew )
Although the entire cut is referred to as the tapa , this term is also used for the top of the cut , source of rump roast .
The middle section is called the cuete , which yields bottom round roast and eye of round .
Cuete is one of the few cuts cooked as a whole roast in Mexico .
Many foreigners find it not marbled enough to make a good pot roast , but Mexican cooks make incisions in the meat and insert pieces of bacon , and sometimes also serrano ham .
The lower part of this cut is called the bola , and less frequently empuje , which yields tip roast and tip steaks .
The bola is also the source of the cut called churrasco in Mexico , although the same name is used in other Latin American countries for other cuts .
The round is also the source of cuts labeled carne para asar ( meat for grilling ) and pulpa ( boneless meat . )
Recipes
Read Part II – Pork and Lamb
by Karen Hursh Graber Published or Updated on January 1 , 2008
WASHINGTON — President Obama , in his latest effort to signal fiscal responsibility against the rising debt , plans this month to ask Congress to give him and future presidents greater power to try to delete individual items from spending bills .
In doing so , Mr. Obama will join a long line of his predecessors who have sought either line - item veto power or , after the Supreme Court in 1998 ruled such a veto unconstitutional , some other rescission authority that passes muster .
Congress once again is unlikely to be receptive , though growing antidebt sentiment could give the proposal life .
Before Congress breaks for its Memorial Day recess , the White House will send it proposed legislation “ to give the president a new tool to reduce unnecessary or wasteful spending , ” according to an administration official who spoke on condition of anonymity .
Under existing law , a president can send Congress a request to rescind items in spending bills after a bill is signed into law , but if Congress does not approve the request within 45 working days , the money must be released .
And Congress , traditionally protective of its constitutional power of the purse , usually ignores such presidential requests , killing them .
The Conservative Party failed in its manifesto to commit itself to breaking the link between work and citizenship .
Instead , David Cameron promises to reduce net immigration to the tens rather than the hundreds of thousands we have seen in recent years .
But will that commitment be sharpened to below 40,000 and so prevent the population growing and breaking the 65 million and then the 70 million barrier ?
Voters need to apply pressure to local candidates to get a commitment on this score .
With a double lock on immigration , our politicians must then deal honestly with the question of integration .
Here is another of the political classes ' greatest failures .
The variety itself is almost intoxicating .
Like a sommelier ’s list of rare vintages , the underground , illegal pharmaceutical buffet beckons users into the local facet of the “ Drug War . ”
But could a dangerous conflict really derive its fuel from a service this enticing and available , and treated with such high - end exclusivity ?
“ Good evening , I have some quality ‘ soda ’ or ‘ white ’ at quantities of 20s , 40s , quarters , and of course the traditional ‘ 8 - Ball , ’ if you ’d like .
I also carry some brown , aka tar , or perhaps you ’d be interested in some Adderall to spice up the night ?
I ’ve got X , too , and you can wind down the night with these quality Zs. And , of course , I offer the greenest , most potent ‘ bud ’ of the season . ”
Whether you justify your drug use based on environmental and cultural custom , or simply as self - medication , it ’s likely that the illicit substance of your choice traveled much farther than the distance to your house from your “ dealer ’s . ”
And who is this unlicensed prescription - writer , a sometimes - friendly , usually “ legit , ” and seemingly trustworthy person ?
The typical dealer is one of thousands of low - level American foot soldiers of the bling generation whose connection to Mexican or Colombian drug cartels is no more than a Hispanic surname .
The network of distribution on the supply side of the “ Drug War ” is at once so vast and so local that almost any import drug is just a phone call away .
If you ’re interested in scoring but do n’t know where to begin , close your eyes , pick out a random person in a random crowd , and it ’s likely the “ six degrees of ( drug ) separation ” will hook you up in no time .
The U.S. faction of the Drug War is largely consumer - side , and most Americans ’ biggest risk is getting some “ bad stuff ” or overdosing .
You can control your level of involvement ; your Mexican counterparts unfortunately do not enjoy that degree of autonomy .
According to Kristin Bricker , contributor to the popular Narcosphere website ( narcosphere.narconews.com ) , fewer than one out of 35,000 Americans suffers a fatal overdose from drugs imported from Mexico each year , compared to the one out of 20,000 Mexican nationals killed in the turf struggle in Mexico in 2008 alone .
That year , just over 50 percent of America ’s meth was imported from Mexico , and about 90 percent of the cocaine consumed in the U.S. passed through our southern neighbor .
We reportedly grow more pot than we import , although some of that may be cultivated by drug cartels operating out of Smokey the Bear ’s sights in our national forests ; recent estimates put our Mexican pot import at 15 - 25 percent of our consumption .
The rough estimates of total drug - cartel related deaths in Mexico ( rough in the sense that many bodies go missing but are unreported for fear of retribution ) are as follows : 2,700 in 2007 ; 6,612 in 2008 ; and 6,600 in 2009 ( again according to Narcosphere ) .
Mexico - based newspaper El Universal reports that the range of casualties could be anywhere from 13,000 to 15,000 deaths in the last three to four years .
And if you were wondering if these people died from having “ too much fun ” at a party or nightclub , you may want to reevaluate your appreciation for that next “ joint ” or “ line . ”
Certainly the hip - hop generation ’s iconic - drug - dealer - turned - rapper is accepted by the mainstream youth , not as a counter - culture figure but almost as a job position for which you ’d be lucky to qualify .
Countless songs and music videos are suffused with this thug / drug dealer mentality , while unconsciously denying where the product originates .
You ’d think that once the youth in America realize the toll of drug use on the Mexican population , consumption would subside , but it has n’t to date .
Most low - level drug dealers in American suburbs have no idea beyond their connections ( usually one or two upper - level guys above them ) and choose to be unaware of the gun-toting narco - traffickers beheading dealers and civilians across the border .
But , hey !
We all need an escape , right ?
If you smoke a joint , the terrorists in the Middle East really win nothing , but as long as there is a demand for illegal drugs in America , innocent Mexicans will shed blood .
That is a rap song yet to be popularized at “ good parties ” throughout American suburbs .
•
Baldemar Villarreal is a Texas - based writer , music composer / producer , philosopher , and socio-political commentator with a bohemian aftertaste .
Carrie Wilson watched the doomed plane go all the way down .
“ We heard this big noise and looked up and saw the plane really close .
Then he started to spiral down and twist .
. . .
We saw him go into the plaza , right on to the roof , ” said Wilson , a manager with National Event Management with an office near Buttonville airport in Markham .
The pilot of the four - seater Cirrus SR20 , which had just taken off from Buttonville , and a passenger died when the plane crashed into the roof of Thinkway Toys , a toy - manufacturing company at 12:20 p.m. Tuesday .
More than a dozen employees scrambled to safety from the two - storey building .
Wilson and Leslie Lawrence , a colleague , were in a convertible on Renfrew Dr. when they saw the plane crash just metres away .
“ It looked to me as if he was trying to ( land ) it somewhere , ” said Wilson .
The pilot , who normally flies out of Burlington , had flown to Buttonville airport at about 8:30 a.m. for some radio work on the aircraft .
He took off at 12:15 p.m. , said Derek Sifton , president of Toronto Airways Ltd. , which owns and operates the airport .
“ We have no idea what went wrong , ” said Sifton .
“ It was a short flight . . . there was no flight plan filed . ”
The impact of the crash caved in the roof and broke several windows .
A wheel of the aircraft could be seen lying on the front lawn of the building at Woodbine Ave. and Hooper Rd .
Firefighters had the blaze under control in an hour but emergency crews could n’t extricate the aircraft or the two bodies because of the precarious condition of the roof .
A crane was brought in Tuesday evening but it was then discovered that an air conditioning unit had also partially caved in , said a Transport Canada official .
It had to be removed before crews could go in .
“ None of the officials have been able to access the cockpit because of its precarious position , ” said the Transport Canada official .
Anthony Van Bruggen , a toy designer , was at his desk when he heard a loud boom .
“ We ran to see what had happened and saw a bunch of co-workers running covered in fluid and debris . ”
A couple of employees went upstairs to make sure everyone was out .
“ We opened the door and there was literally a pool of liquid coming towards us .
It smelled awful . ”
Van Bruggen said he even tried to get to the rooftop but had to turn back because of the gas fumes .
“ I ’m glad I did n’t because there was another explosion about five minutes later , ” he said .
Hours later , Van Bruggen was still shaken but had stopped coughing .
“ It ’s a miracle everyone managed to get out , ” he said .
There were 14 people in the building and every one escaped with two suffering minor injuries , said York Region police Const .
Rebecca Boyd .
Markham Mayor Frank Scarpitti was at the scene and pointed out that such incidents are rare at Buttonville airport .
“ It ’s unsettling but obviously something happened to the airplane . ”
Businesses in the neighbourhood said they ’ve never been concerned with aircraft flying so close .
“ We almost never hear anything , ” said Lucy Hamilton who works at a nearby restaurant .
“ It ’s never been a concern . ”
Buttonville Municipal Airport is the 10th busiest airport in country and operates Canada ’s largest flight school , according to its web site .
The last accident within its control zones was in the 1980s , said Sifton .
A team from the Transportation Safety Board was at the scene to investigate the crash .
Meanwhile , witnesses were still stunned .
“ It just breaks my heart , ” said Wilson .
“ The moment we saw him , we knew whoever was in the plane knew they were coming down . ”
With files from Teri Pecoskie and Henry Stancu
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Read more about :
Yes Minister 's master of obfuscation Sir Humphrey Appleby returns to TV after more than 20 years , exclusively for Newsnight .
Here Sir Humphrey responds to the Conservative party 's manifesto promises and gives his advice for any incoming minister .
The role of Sir Humphrey , made famous by Sir Nigel Hawthorne , is played by Henry Goodman , who will be appearing in a stage version of Yes , Prime Minister in Chichester in May .
Broadcast on Monday 26 April 2010 .
The second Memo to the Minister will be broadcast on Newsnight on Tuesday 27 April 2010 at 10.30 pm on BBC Two .
A marriage guidance counsellor 's bid to challenge his sacking for refusing to give sex therapy to homosexuals has led to a serious clash between the Christian lobby and the judiciary .
In a powerful dismissal of the application to appeal , Lord Justice Laws said legislation to protect views held purely on religious grounds could not be justified .
He said it was an irrational idea " but it is also divisive , capricious and arbitrary " .
The former archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey had sent a statement to a judge hearing the appeal application by Gary McFarlane .
The senior church figure called for a special panel of judges with a " proven sensitivity and understanding of religious issues " to hear the case .
Lord Carey said recent court decisions involving Christians had used " dangerous " reasoning and this could lead to civil unrest .
Lord Justice Laws 's ruling said : " We do not live in a society where all the people share uniform religious beliefs .
The precepts of any one religion – any belief system – cannot , by force of their religious origins , sound any louder in the general law than the precepts of any other .
If they did , those out in the cold would be less than citizens and our constitution would be on the way to a theocracy , which is of necessity autocratic .
" The law of a theocracy is dictated without option to the people , not made by their judges and governments .
The individual conscience is free to accept such dictated law , but the state , if its people are to be free , has the burdensome duty of thinking for itself . "
Lord Justice
Laws quoted extensively from Lord Carey 's statement when he gave his ruling on the application made on 15 April .
McFarlane , 48 , from Bristol , wanted permission to appeal against an employment appeal tribunal ruling that supported his sacking by Relate Avon in 2008 .
The father of two , who had worked for the national counselling service since 2003 , had alleged unfair dismissal on the grounds of religious discrimination .
Lord Carey said : " The description of religious faith in relation to sexual ethics as ' discriminatory ' is crude and illuminates a lack of sensitivity to religious belief .
" The comparison of a Christian , in effect , with a ' bigot ' ( ie , a person with an irrational dislike to homosexuals ) begs further questions .
It is further evidence of a disparaging attitude to the Christian faith and its values . "
Lord Carey and other Christian leaders began expressing concerns after Lord Neuberger , who as master of the rolls is head of the civil appeal court , ruled last December that Lillian Ladele , a Christian registrar , was breaking discrimination laws by refusing to conduct civil partnership ceremonies .
Referring to that case , Lord Carey said : " It is , of course , but a short step from the dismissal of a sincere Christian from employment to a religious bar to any employment by Christians .
I believe that further judicial decisions are likely to end up at this point and this is why I believe it is necessary to intervene now . "
He said the fact that senior clerics of the Church of England and other faiths felt compelled to intervene directly in judicial decisions and cases " is illuminative of a future civil unrest " .
Nothing , but nothing , is going to get in the way of this administration ’s path to war with Iran .
This was brought home in a dramatic way when the Brazilians and the Turks announced Iran had agreed to implement the nuclear exchange deal proposed by the US some seven months ago : the Iranians agreed to turn over most of their fissionable material in exchange for fuel rods and technical assistance that would enable them to produce medical - grade materials .
Peace seemed to be breaking out all over – but not if the US government and its allies on the UN Security Council could help it .
They refused to take yes for an answer , and promptly announced they were proceeding with the sanctions campaign .
Last time we went around this bend , a combination of hardliner opposition within Iran , and the War Party ’s efforts in the US and Western Europe , effectively took the nuclear exchange deal off the agenda .
No one expected the Brazilians and the Turks to put it back on – and , this time , it was the Supreme Leader , the Ayatollah Khamenei , bypassing hard - line President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who gave the agreement his imprimatur .
Khamenei , not Ahmadinejad – as US propaganda would have it – is in charge of nuclear policy , as well as being the supreme religious authority .
The tripartite pact put the hellbent - on - war Americans , and their British and French compatriots , in a panic .
Hillary Clinton could n’t keep the petulant , hectoring tone out of her announcement that the US and its allies were going ahead with sanctions anyway :
“ We have reached agreement on a strong draft with the cooperation with both Russia and China , ” which will serve “ as convincing an answer to the activities in Tehran over the last few days as any we can provide , ” she hissed in a Senate hearing on the START negotiations Tuesday morning .
The War Party ’s pet policy wonks , and Israel ’s amen corner in Congress ( i.e. everybody but Ron Paul ) , immediately took up the cry that it ’s not enough , it ’s a trick , the Iranians could still manage to – somehow – launch a “ nuclear breakout ” with the remaining enriched fuel .
The Iranians did n’t help matters when they announced they would continue to enrich uranium up to 20 percent , but this still would n’t allow them to produce a nuclear weapon .
That , however , is a technical detail , the explanation of which is going to make most peoples ’ eyes glaze over .
Suffice to say here that weapons - grade and “ highly enriched ” uranium are two separate things : in order to qualify as the former , the stuff has to be enriched beyond 90 percent .
Iran ’s enrichment facilities at Natanz are operating under the watchful eye of the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) : any attempt to create weapons grade nuclear materials would be immediately detected .
Iran has made a good faith attempt to create the conditions necessary for a comprehensive settlement : instead of rejecting it outright , and moving to impose draconian economic sanctions , the US should stop making itself look like a bully bent on a beating and agree to what was , after all , its own proposal .
We look and act like madmen in front of the world – but that , of course , does n’t enter into the War Party ’s calculations .
They have their own interests , as opposed to the country ’s , at heart .
This is all about domestic politics , and competing factions with the Obama administration .
The realist faction , which generated the original uranium - for - fuel - rods proposal , has been trumped by the hawkish Hillary .
She has cut them off at the pass , stepped on the brakes , and reversed course : not only announcing the new sanctions , but also claiming both Russia and China are on board .
This bald assertion , I ’ll bet , is more a symptom of her own hysteria than a reflection of reality .
The Russians may have used the sanctions issue to extract concessions from the US , such as canceling the aggressive placement of “ Star Wars ” anti-missile systems on Russia ’s border with Poland , but I would n’t be all that shocked if the Russkies failed to live up to their part of a tacit agreement .
As for the Chinese , they greeted the announcement of the tripartite pact by enthusing that “ the whole world should be relieved . ”
Not in Hillary Clinton ’s world , however .
Nor in Obama ’s , as many progressives and leftists are beginning to discover to their deeply felt sorrow .
US intransigence in the face of the Iranians ’ clear desire to reach a settlement should shatter any remaining illusions about the Obama administration on the left side of the political spectrum .
Recent events are rapidly separating the wheat from the chaff : those who oppose interventionism and bullying in principle , and those who are being bought off with pork , perks , and power .
Politically , the Obama administration will find the growing conflict with Iran quite useful .
With the economy on the edge of complete meltdown , and in the face of a rising populist opposition bubbling up from the grassroots , the sudden discovery of an overseas enemy is a godsend to this administration .
War with Iran would do more than divert attention away from trouble on the home front , it would make it possible for our leaders to blame the ayatollahs for rising inflation and widespread economic dislocation .
With the Western world ’s interlocking banking system exposed to the imminent bankruptcy of Greece , Spain , Portugal , and Italy , it ’s only a matter of time – perhaps sometime this summer – before the whole house of cards collapses .
Faced with this inevitability , our rulers have no choice but to switch the blame away from themselves and onto a foreign enemy , one that has been appropriately demonized and set up for the kill .
War with Iran – or even the heightened prospect of such an event – would have much the same effect as those falling bank dominoes , albeit on a smaller scale .
As the Federal Reserve furiously amps up the printing presses in response to the need for more cash to pay for the bailouts , rising prices can be blamed on those evil Iranians , who , in the process of defending themselves , are blocking the Persian Gulf and driving up the price of oil .
Just out of pure spite , you understand ….
The powerful Israel lobby , whose instrument in this case is the restless Clintonian wing of the Democratic party , has scotched efforts within the administration to head off a conflict with Iran .
This is the price Obama has to pay for his dream of presiding over an Israeli - Palestinian peace agreement – a strategy that ignores the growing militancy of the Israeli body politic , which will not permit a fair settlement , and will do everything possible to undermine the peace process .
The Israelis ’ shameful treatment of Joe Biden should have sent that signal loud and clear , but apparently the Obama administration was n’t listening – and the Clintonian shadow government , for its part , does n’t hear anything it does n’t want to hear .
They also did n’t hear President Barack Obama ’s top nuclear adviser , Gary Samore , who said earlier this week that Iran ’s enrichment program has encountered a series of mishaps that constitute a serious setback for its nuclear capabilities .
Due to problems with centrifuges , among other factors , Samore said “ the nuclear clock is not ticking as quickly as some had feared . ”
So why the rush to scotch negotiations and impose sanctions ?
It ’s politics , pure and simple .
The question of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East is a serious one : the problem is that no one with any power or influence in the US has dared approach the problem honestly .
Any realistic assessment of the situation must include the fact that Israel presently has hundreds of nukes , many of which are no doubt aimed straight at Tehran .
This is the real issue , but unfortunately the US government persists in maintaining the fantasy - fiction that Israel is just an innocent bystander in all this .
The Israeli government ’s official line of “ nuclear ambiguity ” is not in the least bit ambiguous : they wo n’t admit to having them because they want the option to use them , at some point .
With all their griping and kvetching about how Iran ’s nuclear power program represents , for Israel , an “ existential threat , ” it ’s frightening to speculate as to where that point might be located .
I ca n’t emphasize enough how dangerous the present moment is : we are at a critical juncture , with the Lobby pushing hard for war , and the whole political and journalistic Establishment united in beating the war drums loud enough to drown out any and all opposition .
Yet the facts are clear , and uncomplicated , and they militate against war – and against getting entangled in what is a regional struggle between Tehran and Tel Aviv .
Iran has signed the Nonproliferation Treaty : Israel has pointedly and repeatedly refused .
Iran ’s nuclear power program , closely monitored by the IAEA , is in compliance with the terms of that treaty , whereas whatever is going on at Dimona no IAEA inspector has ever laid eyes on .
The whole world sees this brazen double standard , and our leaders , instead of minimizing it , glory in it .
This is what being a hegemon is all about : ensuring and enforcing a gross injustice so unbalanced and arbitrary that only an unchallengeable power could enforce it .
This is American supremacism unmasked , politically , and psychologically : naked evil rampaging over the earth , practicing the joys of subjugation –just because we can .
The crude rejection of the Brazilian - Turkish - Iranian peace initiative is a clear signal that we are well along on the road to war .
Soon we ’ll reach the point of no return , but there ’s still a chance to stop the War Party .
We must appeal to the President directly .
Only the President has to power to rein in the warmongers infesting his administration .
Not that he ’s exactly Mahatma Gandhi , but we have a far better chance of reaching him than we have of deterring Hillary from her ongoing effort to back Iran into a corner .
If Obama ’s reputation as a political pragmatist reflects the reality , then we have to let him know he ’ll pay a very steep price if he allows himself to be stampeded into war .
I know it sounds a little pathetic : here we are , mere peasants , going hat in hand to the Czar .
But this is an emergency , and at such times it is often necessary to relinquish everything to do with human vanity and concentrate on the big picture : war with Iran would be an absolute disaster .
It would be the equivalent of a third world war , a cataclysm whose horrors we can only imagine at present .
Please call , and tell him :
Not another war , Mr. President !
Phone numbers
Comments : 202-456-1111 Switchboard : 202-456-1414 FAX : 202-456-2461
Or write :
The White House 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW Washington , DC 20500 Please include your e-mail address
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
Yes , there ’s plenty to do to keep the War Party at bay , and speaking of doing things – yes , there ’s something else I want you to do : help put us over the top in our current fundraising drive , which is picking up a bit – but still not enough to ensure our continued survival as a viable project .
There ’s some good news , however : Antiwar.com has been approached by four “ angels ” who have agreed to contribute matching funds of up to $ 20,000 to our fundraising campaign .
The bad news is that we do n’t have much time to raise those matching funds .
We have bills to pay , and they were all due … yesterday .
There ’s still some time left to avoid disaster , albeit not much , and now we have one last shot at making it .
The generosity of some of our more well - heeled supporters gives us a chance to avert disaster – but only if you come through .
They ’ll match what you give : however that means you have to give , and give now .
So please : give as much as you can , as soon as you can .
Because nothing less than our survival is at stake .
With US envoy George Mitchell in the region for the second round of indirect peace talks , the Palestinian Authority has reportedly made a surprisingly bold opening offer , including major new land concessions .
“ We are not going to waste Mitchell ’s time , ” noted Palestine ’s top negotiator , Saeb Erekat , “ we want Mr. Mitchell to succeed because his success is our freedom . ”
Mahmoud Abbas confirmed that the offer was made , but said that no deal had yet been reached and the exact details of the amount of land involved has n’t been settled .
Everyone seems quite impressed with the Palestinian offer , except for the Netanyahu government which has reacted with skepticism .
Officials have reportedly said they believe the Palestinians intentionally made the offer overly generous to underscore that Netanyahu has no intention of reaching any deal with them , regardless of the terms .
Indeed , Netanyahu ’s response to the offer so far has been a non-response , and a demand that the Palestinians stop supporting the international boycott against Israel .
Still , the gauntlet has been laid down on the peace talks , and the Netanyahu government will likely be under pressure soon to respond , one way or another .
Yes , good people of Engadgetland , we finally have an official spec sheet for the eagerly awaited Incredible handset .
A 3.7 - inch OLED touchscreen leads the way , with an 800 x 480 resolution , which will offer the full Google Experience on Android version 2.1 .
That sounds remarkably like a refashioned Nexus One to us , even down to the 1GHz Snapdragon chip inside , but where the Droid Incredible differs is in its inclusion of Sense UI ( à la the Desire ) and an 8 megapixel autofocusing camera .
We 're also seeing GPS and 8GB of integrated memory -- expandable to 24GB via MicroSD cards -- on this list , which can be found in its entirety at the source link below .
Not long to wait now .
[ Thanks ,
Henry ]
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 9/3/2010 ( 3857 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Opinion
Socialism for the rich and free enterprise for the poor is the driving force behind last week 's federal budget .
Do n't be fooled by all the progressive talk about stimulus , putting Canadians back to work and maintaining the social safety net -- all with " no new taxes . "
This budget is stamped all over with the reckless , " business - friendly " low - tax hallmark of neo-conservative economics .
The Harper Conservatives ' massive , multi - year corporate tax cuts designed to make Canada 's the lowest among G8 countries are the major cause of rising deficits and debt .
Now , they 're obliging a frontal assault on the federal government itself .
All government department administrative expenditures are to be frozen for two years except for national defence and the Canadian Security and Intelligence Service .
A so - called red -tape commission will be created to " streamline " government regulations that supposedly " interfere " with business , particularly , the energy and mining sector .
Future federal environmental assessments of all new energy projects will be carried out by the Calgary - based , oil patch - friendly , National Energy Board , not the Canadian Environmental Assessment Agency .
The penchant of Canadian governments of all political stripes and at all levels to direct their tax cuts to the wealthy , both individuals and businesses , is pronounced enough that it has caught the attention of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development , the Paris - based association of 29 member nations to stimulate economic progress and world trade .
States the OECD : " While across the OECD , tax - burden changes have tended to favour low - wage earners , Canada is among a minority of countries where tax reforms have resulted in higher - earning employees benefitting the most from significantly higher tax reductions than those in the middle or bottom part of the earnings range . "
Federal spending as a proportion of GDP has been shrinking steadily , from 21 per cent in 1983 to 13 per cent in 2009 .
In 2001 , all levels of government in Canada were spending about 49 per cent of GDP .
By 2009 , that had dropped to 38.5 per cent .
That translates into a loss of $ 152 billion in services annually .
" There is a clear connection between our shrinking federal government and growing inequality in Canada , " Larry Brown , national secretary treasurer of the National Union of Public and General Employees , says .
" A market economy that is left unregulated and uncontrolled creates massive inequality ...
The latest Statistics Canada analysis of the 2006 census confirms what most of us already know .
There is a large and growing gap between the wealthy and the rest of us in Canada .
The wealthy have surged ahead , the poor have gotten even poorer , and the vast numbers in the middle have barely held their own . "
And the current goal to slash ability - to - pay taxes by a cumulative $ 220 billion by 2013 has only reached the half - way point .
Ottawa 's aim for the lowest corporate taxes in the G7 means slashing them from 22 per cent in 2007 to 15 per cent by 2012 .
When fully implemented in 2012 - 13 , Ottawa 's total annual tax giveaway -- $ 15 billion to corporations , $ 14 billion to the GST and $ 11 billion to persons -- will deprive the federal treasury and Canadians of over $ 40 billion in programs and services each and every year .
That 's equal to the combined $ 40 - billion annual cost of the Canada Health Transfer and the Canada Social Transfer .
" In other words , " points out United Steelworkers economist Erin Weir , " had the Conservatives not slashed taxes , the federal government could afford to double its spending on health care , post - secondary education and social assistance . "
And there is no reason to assume corporations will re-invest and re-employ their windfall .
" The previous round of corporate tax cuts begun in 2000 has increased after - tax profits to record heights without a corresponding rise in business investment , " Weir continues .
" In fact , Canada 's ratio of business investment to profit has fallen to an all - time low . "
Meanwhile , 486,000 full - time Canadian jobs were wiped out in the recession and 810,000 Employment Insurance ( EI ) beneficiaries may run out of benefits within the next few months , Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives Senior Economist Armine Yalnizyan warns .
A better way to spur corporate investment and employment is a refundable investment tax credit , already implemented in both Manitoba and Quebec , Weir says .
Brian Topp is executive director of ACTRA , and former NDP national campaign director .
In his new book , How We Almost Gave The Tories The Boot : The Inside Story Behind the Coalition , he sets out neo -conservatism 's perverse mantra : Permanent tax cuts for wealthy individuals and business are " investments . "
Help for poor families is " structural spending . "
378 SHARES Facebook Twitter
Today , there is a growing belief that many of the world ’s problems are directly related to overpopulation .
Whether it is world hunger , the lack of fresh water , the damage we are causing to our environment , or “ climate change ” , those who believe in the myth of overpopulation have no hesitation blaming all of those problems on the “ fact ” that there are way too many people in the world .
What is even more frightening are the solutions that many of those people who believe that the world is overpopulated are proposing .
The solutions they propose include more abortion and “ family planning ” services , “ one child ” policies and mass sterilizations .
In fact , there are even some in the radical environmental movement that insist that we need to get rid of 80 to 90 percent of humanity in order to “ save ” the environment .
The sad thing is that even the United Nations has fully bought into the myth of overpopulation .
Most Americans never read any of the reports that the UN regularly puts out , but they contain some pretty shocking stuff .
In particular , the United Nations Population Fund is advancing some rather bizarre theories .
A great example of this was last year when the UNFPA released its annual State of the World Population Report entitled “ Facing a Changing World : Women , Population and Climate ” .
This shocking report went farther than any UN report has ever gone before in linking climate change with overpopulation .
According to the report , the only way to avoid a massive climate disaster is to dramatically increase “ family planning ” services around the globe and to do whatever it takes to reduce worldwide fertility rates .
In a statement accompanying the release of the report , UNFPA Executive Director Thoraya Obaid stated that “ rapid population growth and industrialization have led to a rapid rise in greenhouse gas emissions .
We have now reached a point where humanity is approaching the brink of disaster . ”
The brink of disaster ?
That is a bit dramatic , is n’t it ?
Well , the truth is that the folks managing globalist organizations like the UNFPA are absolutely convinced that climate change will bring about the end of the world as we know it unless we take urgent action .
And according to those who believe in a coming climate change disaster , the number one contributing factor to climate change is overpopulation .
Just consider the following quotes about the link between overpopulation and climate change from the UNFPA report … .
*” The importance of the speed and magnitude of recent population growth in boosting future greenhouse - gas emissions is well recognized among scientists , including the authors of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ’s reports . ”
*” Still , calculations of the contribution of population growth to emissions growth globally produce a consistent finding that most of past population growth has been responsible for between 40 per cent and 60 per cent of emissions growth . ”
*” Each birth results not only in the emissions attributable to that person in his or her lifetime , but also the emissions of all his or her descendents .
Hence , the emissions savings from intended or planned births multiply with time . ”
*” fear of appearing supportive of population control has until recently held back any mention of ‘ population ’ in the climate debate .
Nonetheless , some participants in the debate are tentatively suggesting the need at least consider the impacts of population growth . ”
*” No human is genuinely “ carbon neutral , ” especially when all greenhouse gases are figured into the equation .
Therefore , everyone is part of the problem , so everyone must be part of the solution in some way . ”
*” Strong family planning programmes are in the interests of all countries for greenhouse - gas concerns as well as for broader welfare concerns . ”
Are you starting to get the picture ?
This UN report uses a lot of thinly veiled , politically correct language to suggest that in order to fight climate change , radical population control measures must be implemented worldwide .
And thanks to Barack Obama , the UNFPA will have plenty of money with which to pursue that agenda .
Shortly after taking office , Barack Obama directed that 50 million dollars be given to the United Nations Population Fund .
So not only is the United Nations Population Fund busy promoting their population control agenda around the globe , they are also using U.S. tax dollars to do it .
But unfortunately , this is not an isolated incident when it comes to the Obama administration .
The truth is that population control is a very high priority for Obama .
In fact , during remarks that she made for the 15th Anniversary of the International Conference on Population and Development , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton indicated that population control was now going to become one of the centerpieces of U.S. foreign policy .
Not only that , but Barack Obama ’s top science advisor , John P. Holdren , actually co-authored a book in 1977 in which he advocated mass sterilizations using the food and water supply , mandatory bodily implants that would prevent couples from having children , forced abortions for American couples trying to have too many children and a global police force to enforce population control .
The following is just one of the incredibly shocking quotes in Holdren ’s book … .
“ A program of sterilizing women after their second or third child , despite the relatively greater difficulty of the operation than vasectomy , might be easier to implement than trying to sterilize men .
The development of a long - term sterilizing capsule that could be implanted under the skin and removed when pregnancy is desired opens additional possibilities for coercive fertility control .
The capsule could be implanted at puberty and might be removable , with official permission , for a limited number of births . ”
Remember , this guy is Barack Obama ’s number one science advisor .
Are you scared yet ?
The sad thing is that the earth is not overpopulated at all .
In fact , we could give every single family on earth a house and a yard and still fit every single person in the world in just the state of Texas .
If it was n’t for all of the greed and corruption , there would be plenty of food and resources for everyone .
The following very short videos demonstrate how absurd the dangerous myth of overpopulation really is .
These videos were produced by the Population Research Institute , and they are really well done .
We encourage you to send these videos out to everyone that you can … .
Part I :
Part II :
Part III :
Written by Jake Schnaidt• 8:14 pm• Opinions • 134 Comments
So , I ’m a senior , and here ’s what I see when I look behind me :
The Bro .
He is like a snake slithering around our arms and biting between our knuckles before we can look him in the eyes and ask him what for .
A Bro is also this : a disdainful , morally inept athletic or once - athletic college male who not only lacks sincere human empathy , but uses this lack to his advantage .
He is an anarchist - capitalist .
He is close to being a sociopath : “ a person … whose behavior is antisocial and who lacks a sense of moral responsibility or social conscience . ”
But sociopathy is congenital ; Bros have been failed by a society or a family that has systematically disregarded their moral development , and because Bros are born into riches , they are released into a world which will gladly take their money in spite of their socially parasitic ways .
However , not all athletes are Bros .
But most Bros are athletes , and most if not all Bro athletes are on those two certain teams that need not be named .
I want to emphasize that there are some really great people who play varsity sports and are sadly lumped together with this stereotype I ’m reinforcing .
These “ good ” guys have happily integrated into the vocation of the “ Student ” whereas the offenders have yet to peek out from their guises as “ Student - Athletes , ” or rather , “ Athletes ” who nominally participate in academia .
When did these people start becoming a problem at Conn ?
The floodgates opened a few years ago when the newly crowned president decided , very shrewdly and with no abandon , to overhaul the college ’s image in the face of the school ’s relative decline in rankings .
It is Higdon ’s unilateral project , when one skips the rhetorical hogwash , to increase the endowment of this institution , this brand , this corporation .
It is , some would say , a “ necessary evil ” that has created a strict paradigm upon which the school has begun to transform the college identity into a more market - friendly product .
Market - friendly in liberal arts now connotes a “ do it all ” school like Williams College .
Suddenly and unrealistically , Conn changed from a toned - down Wesleyan to a baby Duke .
We are nearing a state at which our school does n’t have students with varying interests , but rather , puzzle pieces .
Admissions needs specific proportions of each “ type ” of student ( athlete , activist , creative , intellectual ) in order for the new paradigm to work .
It is a quick - response strategy for downsizing that works in corporate offices where tradition and values matter less than worker efficiency .
At a college where alumni presumably care more about their alma mater ’s reputation than they do about their old workplace ’s , rapid - change business practices do not always result in happy alumni .
To keep investors happy , businesses either reinvent themselves or they expand .
Reflecting on the two most publicized reforms , the new camel mascot and the new athletic facility , there is no doubt that reinvention is Higdon ’s M.O. Values are sacrificed for image , and the judicial system and student governance which once depended on the democratic model of the self - policing citizen to enforce community values are no longer sufficient .
The deterioration of the Honor Code , the lost and whining child prodigy of Conn , is an effect of the school ’s shifted focus to grab quick capital to mend our ranking woes and insecurities as a school falling off the mini-Ivy bandwagon .
Though it ’s hard to believe , the Honor Code was once a truly significant part of student life .
But after seeing the college jump on academic violations and shy away from social ones , I ’m not sure I trust the Honor Code to still be a relevant tool in student self - governance .
However corrupt it gets , though , as long as we throw in a truckload of benefit shows ( there are way too many of these ) , a Take Back the Night , and a dozen other under attended lectures and workshops on women ’s rights , men ’s rights , babies ’ rights and earth ’s rights , trustees and other donors should be satisfied by the annual list of important educational gatherings .
Let the world - burdened kids play with their idealism , but do n’t let it infect the minds of our mercenary athletes or else they might miss a game - winning shot while pondering the horrors of rape .
After all , selfish people are model capitalist citizens ; they are undistracted , they are stubborn and they often see the world as a video game with a reset button .
At a bigger school , Bros can get away with hubris , but here , where walls are thin and stories disseminate , the transgressions of an individual do not often go unseen .
We ’ve all done stupid crap that we ’ve paid for , and then we learn to smarten up .
When values are shared , this system of mutual evaluation and judgment works .
But Bros create a rupture in the value system of this small community by bringing in a wave of destructive thoughtlessness and making it look so appropriate and fun .
They need to be corralled and taught values , but that responsibility belongs to God - knows - who .
Usually I do n’t call for cultural assimilation , but these Bros are n’t exactly a marginalized group , and they ’re really annoying in the library – especially the night before an Econ exam .
Okay , Bro , this last Bud ’s for you : I ’m not asking you to give $ 10 to a Haiti fund , or attend a seminar on sexual violence , or talk to someone who does n’t belong to the superior race .
I ’m not even asking you to stop using women , or using discriminatory language against people who look or live differently from you , because I know you ’ll never listen to that preachy crap .
Besides , you ’re top of the food chain here .
But as long as you refuse your role as a Student and disregard or senselessly offend those who refuse to kowtow to your serial egomania , you will be pigeonholed as brutish and moronic and you will be a nameless stereotype .
I ’m asking you to accept your marginalization as long as you continue to isolate yourself in your bubble of undeserved privilege and ignorance .
If you just sat down and asked , “ Why am I the way I am ? ” you might actually be able to turn your privilege into something useful and be a good person .
Hope for Bros Benefit Show today .
I ’ll end by citing a quote in last week ’s Voice concerning the new mascot : “ Our new mascot is much sportier – it ’s more like a big , Division I University . ”
My response to this Freudian slip is , why did n’t you go to UCONN if you wanted that Division I feel ?
Can we not be proud that we have no football team ( yet ) , no pep rallies and no official frats ?
It ’s what makes us Camels .
I came here to avoid that type of proximity to the freaky cult of college sports , and suddenly it ’s all up in my grill on my Facebook News Feed , telling me the Lacrosse team is 8 - 0 , then 9 - 0 .
School pride is one thing , but artificially forcing our college to conform to the ideal “ do it all ” school where sports are as integral as academics leaves a lot of us asking , “ Why did I go to a school that just wants to fit in with the athletic rich kids ? ”
( Visited 143 times , 1 visits today )
[ mc4wp_form id = " 5878 " ]
WASHINGTON — The House voted Thursday to let the Defense Department repeal the ban on gay and bisexual people from serving openly in the military , a major step toward dismantling the 1993 law widely known as “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell . ”
The provision would allow military commanders to repeal the ban .
The repeal would permit gay men and lesbians to serve openly in the military for the first time .
It was adopted as an amendment to the annual Pentagon policy bill , which the House is expected to vote on Friday .
The repeal would be allowed 60 days after a Pentagon report is completed on the ramifications of allowing openly gay service members , and military leaders certify that it would not be disruptive .
The report is due by Dec. 1 .
The House vote was 234 to 194 , with 229 Democrats and 5 Republicans in favor , after an emotionally charged debate .
Opposed were 168 Republicans and 26 Democrats .
10 of the largest endowments in N.E .
Prev
11 of 11
First
Inquiring minds are digging deeper into the mysteries of Thursday 's stock market plunge starting with an intraday chart of the Yen .
Japanese Yen vs. US $
click on chart for sharper image
The Yen rose 4 cents in an hour vs. the US dollar .
Wow .
Now let 's invert the chart and overlay a chart of the S&P 500 on top of it .
Please consider the following chart courtesy of " OMI " who emailed me late afternoon .
S&P 500 vs. Yen
click on chart for sharper image
45 minutes before US equities went into a waterfall dive , the Yen went into a skyrocket rally vs. the US dollar ( inverted on the above chart ) .
The Yen and the stock market magically stabilized at exactly the same time , right at the equity bottom .
Yen Erases 50 % of Gain Against Euro on G - 7 Greece Speculation
Inquiring minds are reading Yen Erases 50 % of Gain Against Euro on G - 7 Greece Speculation
The yen dropped versus all 16 major counterparts after the Bank of Japan said it will pump 2 trillion yen ( $ 21.8 billion ) into the banking system and the nation ’s finance minister said the Group of Seven nations will discuss Greece ’s fiscal woes .
“ The emergency fund injection from the BOJ helped ease risk aversion , triggering selling of the yen , ” said Hiroshi Maeba , deputy general manager of foreign - exchange trading in Tokyo at Nomura Securities Co. , Japan ’s biggest securities broker .
“ The action here also spurred speculation that the European Central Bank and the Federal Reserve may follow suit . ”
The yen slid as much as 3 percent , the most since Feb. 24 , 2009 , and traded at 117.79 per euro as of 1:02 p.m. in Tokyo .
The yen closed at 114.32 against the euro in New York yesterday after touching 110.70 , the strongest since December 2001 .
The Bank of Japan ’s emergency measure represents its first same - day repurchase operations since December .
The balance of current - account deposits held by financial institutions at the central bank will likely increase to 16.9 trillion yen , up 800 billion yen from yesterday , the BOJ said .
Japan ’s currency still headed for a 6.1 percent weekly advance versus the euro , its largest gain since the week ended Oct. 24 , 2008 , as concern Europe ’s debt crisis will derail the global recovery damped demand for riskier assets .
Citigroup Blamed But Not At Fault
Regardless of what anyone finds , a trading error did not cause this collapse .
The market collapsed because it was ready to collapse .
A retest is likely coming up , especially if shorts covered in that dramatic rise off the bottom .
Role of Computerized Trading
Computerized trades sent to electronic networks turned an orderly stock market decline into a rout today , according to Larry Leibowitz , the chief operating officer of NYSE Euronext .
While the first half of the Dow Jones Industrial Average ’s 998.5 - point plunge probably reflected normal trading , the selloff snowballed because of orders sent to venues with no investors willing to match them , Leibowitz said in an interview on Bloomberg Television .
Program Trading and Ponzi Markets Don't Mix
Jesse's Café Américain
The entire stock market rally which we have seen this year off the February lows resembles a low volume Ponzi scheme , and formed a huge air pocket under prices .
This US equity rally was driven by technically oriented buying from the Banks and the hedge funds .
There was and still is a lack of legitimate institutional buying at these price levels .
This was machine driven speculation enabled by the lack of reform in a system riddled with corruption , from the bottom to the top .
This is yet another indication that the US regulatory and market oversight organizations , especially the SEC and CFTC , continue to be disconnected from and remarkably ineffective in their responsibilities in guarding the public against gross market abuse , price manipulation , and insiders playing games with cheap money supplied by the NY Fed .
And as you might expect , the anchors on financial television are trying to excuse and blame the sell off on a ' fat finger ' order that caused Procter and Gamble to drop 20 points in 45 seconds .
Or a typist inputting an order to sell 16 million e-mini SP futures , and typing " B " instead of " M. " Oops .
Crashed the free world .
Even if any of this was true , it was just the spark that caused the market to plummet because of its highly unstable and artificial technical underpinnings .
There is no longer any legitimate price discovery .
The US financial system is a casino , dominated by a few big Banks and hedge funds , the gangs of New York .
They 'll never learn .
Or is it 'we ? '
They may not really care .
Did Shutdowns Make Plunge Worse ?
A number of high - frequency firms stopped trading Thursday in the midst of the market plunge , possibly adding to the market 's selloff .
Tradebot Systems Inc. , a large high - frequency firm based in Kansas City , Mo. , closed down its computer trading systems when the Dow Jones Industrial Average had dropped about 500 points , said Dave Cummings , founder and chairman of the firm .
Tradeworx Inc. , a N.J. firm that operates a high - frequency fund , also stopped trading during the market turmoil , according to a person familiar with the firm .
Mr. Cummings said Tradebot 's system is designed to stop trading when the market becomes too volatile , too fast .
" That 's what we do for safety , " he said .
" If the market 's weird , we do n't want to compound the problem . "
High Frequency Trading
In very broad terms , high - frequency trading refers to the buying and selling of stocks at extremely fast speeds with the help of powerful computers .
Using complex algorithms , these computers can scan dozens of public and private marketplaces simultaneously , execute millions of orders a second , and alter strategies in a matter of milliseconds .
In the U.S. , high - frequency trading firms represent 2.0 % of the approximately 20,000 firms operating today , but account for 73.0 % of all equity trading volume .
On 24 July 2009 , Karl Denninger of The Market Ticker accused high - frequency traders of " intentionally probing the market with tiny orders [...] to gain an illegal view into the other side 's willingness to pay .
This pattern of offering [ sell orders at different levels ] was intended to do one and only one thing ; manipulate the market by discovering [...] a hidden piece of information - the other side 's limit price ! "
He went on to argue that " the presence of these programs [ would ] guarantee huge profits to the banks running them " and that " retail buyers would get screwed as the market [ moved ] much faster to the upside than it otherwise would . "
Computers vs. Computers
A Lake Forest woman shot a dog after it attacked her children outside their home Wednesday , authorities said .
Two of the woman ’s daughters , ages 3 and 6 , were walking to a neighbor ’s house on a quiet cul de sac late Wednesday morning when a dog , thought to be a boxer or a pit bull mix , sprang at the 6 - year - old , according to Orange County sheriff 's spokesman Jim Amormino .
The woman , holding her 1 - year - old daughter and accompanied by her 14 - year - old son , was drawn from the house by the children ’s screams .
Outside , they found the dog on top of the girl , furiously biting her .
A neighbor tried to get the dog off the girl by spraying it with Windex , Amormino said .
When that did n’t work , the 14 - year - old leaped at the dog , punching it until it let the child free .
The woman scooped up her daughters and ran to her house , Amormino said , but the dog chased them , at one point snapping at the 1 - year - old 's pant legs .
The family made it safely inside , but the dog stayed on the porch outside , growling .
“ I ’m hopeful that the reforms that the secretary and the administration are undertaking will resolve the flaws in the current system that I inherited , ” she said in a statement .
Mr. Obama plans on Friday to inspect the efforts in Louisiana to stop the leak and clean up after it , his second trip to the region since the explosion of the Deepwater Horizon rig on April 20 .
He will also visit with people affected by the spreading slick that has washed ashore over scores of miles of beaches and wetlands .
Even as Mr. Obama acknowledged that his efforts to improve regulation of offshore drilling had fallen short , he said that oil and gas from beneath the gulf , now about 30 percent of total domestic production , would be a part of the nation ’s energy supply for years to come .
“ It has to be part of an overall energy strategy , ” Mr. Obama said .
“ I mean , we ’re still years off and some technological breakthroughs away from being able to operate on purely a clean - energy grid .
During that time , we ’re going to be using oil .
And to the extent that we ’re using oil , it makes sense for us to develop our oil and natural gas resources here in the United States and not simply rely on imports . ”
In the top kill maneuver , a 30,000 - horsepower engine aboard a ship injected heavy drill liquids through two narrow flow lines into the stack of pipes and other equipment above the well to push the escaping oil and gas back down below the sea floor .
As hour after hour passed after the top kill began early Wednesday afternoon , technicians along with millions of television and Internet viewers watched live video images showing that the dark oil escaping into the gulf waters was giving way to a mud-colored plume .
That seemed to be an indication that the heavy liquids known as “ drilling mud ” were filling the chambers of the blowout preventer , replacing the escaping oil .
Modern Diner
The Modern Diner , a 1941 Sterling Streamliner ( #4140 ) , was the first diner to be placed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The Modern has perhaps the most imaginative weekend brunch menu of any diner in Rhode Island .
Items like lobster Benedict , cream cheese - and - blueberry stuffed French toast , kielbasa - and - cheddar omelets , and pumpkin - walnut pancakes keep the place hopping , often with a line out the door .
JERUSALEM ( JTA ) —
A middle - aged Russian tourist dressed in white and claiming to be Jesus checked in last week at the Petra Hostel in Jerusalem ’s Old City .
He did not stay long , the hostel ’s clerk said .
Just a few days and he was gone .
The man likely was suffering from a psychiatric condition known as Jerusalem syndrome in which tourists , and in some cases even locals , become so overwhelmed by the experience of Jerusalem that they believe themselves to be biblical characters or messengers of God .
“ There is a very special spiritual feeling some people have arriving here , ” said Dr. Gregory Katz , a psychiatrist who heads the emergency room at Jerusalem ’s Kfar Shaul Mental Health Center , where 30 to 40 patients a year are treated for Jerusalem syndrome .
“ Jerusalem is where the Bible stories they have learned took place , ” Katz said .
Seeing it and experiencing the place firsthand , he said , “ changes everything for them and makes some people believe they are in fact walking the Bible . ”
Most of those diagnosed with the syndrome have a history of mental illness .
But in a small number of cases , the person ’s experience being in Jerusalem and at its holy sites appears to triggers psychosis for the first time , Katz said .
In such cases the condition is temporary and easily treated by medication .
At a time when Jerusalem is again at the center of major political debate and has put U.S. - Israel relations under strain , these cases are a reminder that the city not only drives politicians a bit mad , but some visitors , too .
Even Homer Simpson was diagnosed with a case of Jerusalem syndrome in a recent episode of “ The Simpsons ” TV show set in Israel .
In the episode , Homer awakens from a dehydrated stupor believing he has been chosen to bring Jews , Christians and Muslims together in the form of a new religion called Chrisjumas .
The late Israeli psychiatrist Yair Bar-el , the first to label and define Jerusalem syndrome as a mental health condition , had asserted that it could be triggered in people especially agitated by the contrast between the romanticized biblical image of Jerusalem and the modern - day city .
“ Those who succumb are unable to deal with the concrete reality of Jerusalem today , ” Bar-el , who died recently , wrote in a 2000 British Journal of Psychiatry article .
“ A gap appears between their subconscious idealistic image of Jerusalem and the city as it appears in reality .
One might view their psychotic state and , in particular , the need to preach their universal message as an attempt to bridge the gap between these two representations of Jerusalem . ”
Although the condition appears to affect predominately Christian , and specifically Protestant , tourists from the United States and Scandinavia , Jewish ones , including Israelis who have traveled to the city from elsewhere in the country , also have been treated .
Those who fall ill with its delusions and visions tend to identify with characters relevant to their own religious background .
A Jewish patient , for example , is more likely to be among the King Davids , while Christians might imagine themselves Mary Magdalene or John the Baptist .
Pesach Lichtenberg , director of the men ’s psychiatry division at Herzog Hospital in Jerusalem and head of the psychiatry department at the city ’s Hebrew University , said that defined more broadly , the syndrome includes Jews who have fantasies of bringing redemption .
“ You have a robust internal tourism of people drawn to Jerusalem .
Sometimes it can be an extremely gradual process where people come from other areas of country and move to Jerusalem , ” Lichtenberg said .
“ They stay on and sometimes that process gathers steam and they want to be more and more part of some sense of anticipated action .
These are Jews who want to hasten the Third Temple . ”
He added , “ They are hooking into the same sense of holy vibrations or intonations within a special happening here , something they feel is at the center of the universe . ”
Identifying oneself either as a reincarnated King David — who , according to Jewish tradition , was anointed as the original messiah — or one of his descendants is the most popular choice for Jews with the syndrome , Lichtenberg said .
Those affected by the syndrome are known for wandering the streets preaching prophecies or chanting biblical psalms or verses .
Others are seen cloaked in white robes , sometimes cut from hotel linens , and feel a need to purify themselves for messianic missions by washing and bathing obsessively .
Most are not considered to be dangerous to others .
However , Israeli newspapers reported earlier this month that an Irish tourist , suspected of suffering from Jerusalem syndrome , was caught wielding a knife at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher , which is built on the sight where tradition says Jesus was crucified and buried .
An Israeli policeman shot him in order to apprehend him .
In 1969 , an Australian tourist claiming to be on a mission from God tried to burn down the Al - Aksa Mosque , setting off Arab riots .
“ I think it comes from people being overly immersed in religion , ” said Omran Dakkak , 65 , owner of the Old City Bazaar , a souvenir shop selling olive wood crosses and small menorahs near the Church of the Holy Sepulcher .
Dakkak inherited the store from his father and used to work there as a boy .
For as long as he can remember , he said , he has seen people draped in rosary beads and robes claiming to be various messiahs .
Hadar Gittelman , 22 , an Israeli who is a messianic Jew and works at a Christian guest house in the Old City , says she has seen her share of such people pass through , including a recent American tourist who called himself the “ Angel Jesus . ”
“ People come here and feel some sort of extra holy spirit .
They breathe it in as if it ’s in the air , ” she said .
“ They feel like they posses the truth . ”
trig.js
( function ( ) { var unit = 100 , drawSeconds = 0 , t = 0 , canvas , context , canvas2 , context2 , height , width , xAxis , yAxis , draw ; init ( ) ; /** * Init function .
* * Initialize variables and begin the animation . */ function init ( ) { canvas = document.getElementById(" sineCanvas " ) ; canvas.width = 800 ; canvas.height = 300 ; context = canvas.getContext ( " 2d " ) ; context.font = ' 18 px sans - serif ' ; context.strokeStyle = '# 000 ' ; context.lineJoin = ' round ' ; height = canvas.height ; width = canvas.width ; xAxis = Math.floor ( height /2 ) ; yAxis = Math.floor ( width/4 ) ; context.save ( ) ; draw ( ) ; } /** * Draw animation function .
* *
This function draws one frame of the animation , waits 20ms , and then calls * itself again . */ function draw () { //
Clear the canvas context.clearRect(0 , 0 , width , height ) ; //
Draw the axes in their own path context.beginPath ( ) ; drawAxes ( ) ; context.stroke( ) ; //
Set styles for animated graphics context.save ( ) ; context.strokeStyle = '# 00f ' ; context.fillStyle = ' # fff ' ; context.lineWidth = 2 ; // Draw the sine curve at time t , as well as the circle .
context.beginPath( ) ; drawSine(t ) ; drawCircle ( ) ; context.stroke( ) ; //
Draw the arrow at time t in its own path .
drawArrow(t ) ; // Restore original styles context.restore ( ) ; // Draw the xAxis PI tick and the time context.fillText ( " π " , xAxis + 59+3*unit , 18+xAxis ) ; context.fillText ( "t = " + Math.floor ( Math.abs(drawSeconds ) ) , 10 , 20 ) ; // Update the time and draw again drawSeconds = drawSeconds - .01 ; t = drawSeconds * Math .
PI ; setTimeout ( draw , 1000 / 60 ) ; } ; /** * Function to draw axes */ function drawAxes ( ) { // Draw X and Y axes context.moveTo( 0 , xAxis ) ; context.lineTo( width , xAxis ) ; context.moveTo( yAxis , 0 ) ; context.lineTo( yAxis , height ) ; //
Draw X axis tick at PI context .
moveTo( yAxis+Math .PI*unit , xAxis+5 ) ; context.lineTo( yAxis+Math .
PI*unit , xAxis - 5 ) ; } /** * Function to draw sine * *
The sine curve is drawn in 10 px segments starting at the origin . */ function drawSine(t ) { //
Set the initial x and y , starting at 0,0 and translating to the origin on // the canvas. var x = t ; var y = Math.sin(x ) ; context.moveTo( yAxis , unit*y+xAxis ) ; //
Loop to draw segments for ( i = yAxis ; i <= width ; i += 10 ) { x = t+(- yAxis+i ) /unit ; y = Math.sin(x ) ; context.lineTo(i , unit*y+xAxis ) ; } } /* * Function to draw circle */ function drawCircle ( ) { context.moveTo( yAxis+unit , xAxis ) ; context.arc( yAxis , xAxis , unit , 0 , 2 * Math .
PI , false ) ; } /** * Function to draw arrow */ function drawArrow(t ) { //
Cache position of arrow on the circle var x = yAxis+unit*Math.cos (t ) ; var y = xAxis+unit*Math.sin(t ) ; // Draw the arrow line context.beginPath ( ) ; context.moveTo( yAxis , xAxis ) ; context.lineTo(x , y ) ; context.stroke( ) ; // Draw the arrow bead context.beginPath ( ) ; context.arc( x , y , 5 , 0 , 2 * Math .
PI , false ) ; context.fill ( ) ; context.stroke( ) ; // Draw dashed line to yAxis context. beginPath ( ) ; var direction = ( Math.cos (t ) < 0 ) ? 1 : - 1 ; var start = ( direction== - 1 ) ?
- 5 : 0 ; for ( var i = x ; direction * i < direction * yAxis - 5 ; i = i+direction *10 ) { context.moveTo(i+direction * 5 , y ) ; context.lineTo(i+direction *10 , y ) ; } context.stroke( ) ; // Draw yAxis bead context.beginPath ( ) ; context.arc( yAxis , y , 5 , 0 , 2 * Math .
PI , false ) ; context.fill ( ) ; context.stroke( ) ; } } ) ( ) ;
Ottawa will not reimburse property owners for broken windows or other protest - related damage during the G20 summit , says Councillor Adam Vaughan .
“ It ’s absolutely unacceptable , ” Vaughan told reporters Thursday .
“ They ’re bringing this party to town .
They know what accompanies this sort of event .
For them to walk away from small businesses … is an absolute disgrace . ”
Property owners in the downtown Entertainment District already have trouble obtaining insurance coverage due to the presence of revellers , he said .
The city asked Ottawa to post a bond to cover damage claims , but the federal government has said no to compensation , he said .
People suffering damage should look to their insurer , according to a memo from the federal government ’s Summits Management Office .
“ If there are losses or damages caused by third parties , including vandalism , payment will not be provided for such losses or damages under this program , ” said Effie Triantafilopoulos , the office ’s deputy director .
“ These types of damages are insurable under normal insurance coverage , ” Triantafilopoulos said .
But some property owners ca n’t get insurance to replace broken windows , Vaughan said .
“ In the Entertainment District , you ca n’t even get insurance for plate - glass windows because of the behaviour of some of the club kids .
Plate - glass windows are expensive and it leads to the issue of what happens if there ’s looting afterwards .
“ These people are now in a more vulnerable position . ”
The city thought it had an understanding with Ottawa on the issue , Vaughan said .
“ They said they would pick up all of the costs .
Well , this is one of the costs .
Now they ’re saying under the formula , under the agreements , this is not one of the costs .
Well , you show me a G20 or G8 summit that has n’t had broken windows . ”
On Thursday , Mayor David Miller , attending the Federation of Canadian Municipalities meeting , said costs for the event are Ottawa ’s problem .
“ Our agreement with Ottawa is that the G20 is entirely at their cost .
There are no additional costs to the City of Toronto . . .
It is up to them what they deem to be a cost , but we are not on the hook for the cost of this event .
It ’s all Ottawa ’s cost .
Property damage is between individual properties and Ottawa . ”
It could cost $ 2,000 to replace one of the large wall - to - ceiling windows at Spring Rolls , a restaurant on Queen St. W. , said part - owner Christine Lam .
“ It ’s not fair , ” Lam said .
“ They have to be responsible for it .
We do n’t make that much money to replace a big window glass like that . ”
The federal government is telling people to make insurance claims , but that ’s not a good option , Lam said .
“ If we claim insurance , definitely our insurance would increase too , right ?
So we do n’t want to claim it . ”
Eko , a Queen St. W. jewelry store , has large windows and marble cladding on the outside that would be “ really , really expensive to replace , ” said manager Cassandra Zeppieri .
“ For us , if something happened due to the summit , it would be just ridiculous , ” Zeppieri said .
“ It ’s definitely not fair .
If you ’re having everybody here and deciding to have it here , you should cover the costs of the situation . ”
BMV Books , which just opened on Queen W. about six weeks ago , was advised by the local business association to check its insurance coverage , said manager Grace Murphy .
“ I do n’t think it ’s fair .
If they ’re protesting , why should we have to pay ? ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Murphy wonders why so many people come out to protest at these summit meetings .
“ The world leaders have to get together somewhere , ” she said .
“ At least they ’re talking .
That ’s a good thing .
With files from David Rider
Read more about :
JF Ptak Science Books
I think that it is difficult to overstate the importance and long - term significance of Dr. Seuss ' ( Theodor Seuss Geisel , 1904 - 1991 , son and grandson of brewmasters ) contribution to childhood .
I think that it is impossible to calculate the overall impact of his bringing young people to the joy of reading , and to the familiarization with the bare mechanics of how to read .
Of course he told a great story , but his books were literally page - tuners — they were simply written with words useful to children , with few words per page , thereby allowing the child to see the pictures , read all of the words , and turn the page , giving them a sense of accomplishment along with enjoying a fine story .
Perhaps it is the getting - the - kids - used –to - reading that was his most fantastic accomplishment — and something that few others have achieved , measuring by just pure numbers .
And the way in which he did this was to artistically use an extremely limited budget of words —
Dr. Seuss used precisely 236 different words to write The Cat in the Hat .
It is certainly true that there have been many sparse , relatively wispy papers in the history of science form which enormous change has sprung ..
Pound - for - pound though The Cat in the Hat holds its own .
I ’ll give the entire list of words below — just have a peek , and try to imagine writing something interesting with just this palette .
It is n’t fair at all to compare this masterpiece with others in different genres , but just to give you an idea of its relative simplicity I ’ll quote some numbers taken from an incredible study conducted by Zachary Booth Simpson ( “ Vocabulary Analysis of Project Gutenberg ” ) .
Simpson ’s interpretation is more complex than the story I ’ll tell here , but basically he looks at the numbers of words in a piece of literature ( for example ) and then convenes the number of different words , deducing the actual and then relative density of word usage , which is pretty interesting ( and verifies that pit - of - the - stomach feeling about which authors use more words in smaller space ) .
Gibbon ’s Decline and Fall seems to lead the way in the absolute number of different words used ( 43,113 !! , which is astonishing ) , in the 1.5 million word text , while old Uncle Bill uses 4,842 words in the 32,000 - word Hamlet — meaning that Measure for Measure ( sorry ) Mr. Gibbon out - Bills Bill , which I thought was very hard to do .
Other interesting bits are Hugh Lofting ’s Doctor Doolittle , who tells the story with 2759 words ; Moby Dick , told with a spectrum of 17,227 words ; and Les Miserables is painted with 23,334 different words .
The only work that comes close to Seuss in Mr. Simpson ’s very considerable list is the New McGuffey Reader , which is really , actually , a tough go , and uses 630 words .
Unfortunately I do not know about the Dick and Jane readers
But they ’re no match whatsoever for the Good Doctor .
So my hat is off and off and off to Theodor Geisel , aka Dr. Seuss — on the anniversary of his anniversary in Seussland , where it is Seussqunetennial every day .
When Chicago passed a ban on handgun ownership in 1982 , it was part of a trend .
Washington , D.C. had done it in 1976 , and a few Chicago suburbs took up the cause in the following years .
They all expected to reduce the number of guns and thus curtail bloodshed .
District of Columbia Attorney General Linda Singer told The Washington Post in 2007 , " It 's a pretty common - sense idea that the more guns there are around , the more gun violence you 'll have . "
Nadine Winters , a member of the Washington city council in 1976 , said she assumed at the time that the policy " would spread to other places . "
But the fad never really caught fire — even before last summer , when the Supreme Court struck down the D.C. law and cast doubt on the others , including the Chicago ordinance before the court Tuesday .
The Second Amendment may kill such restrictions , but in most places , it was n't needed to keep them from hatching in the first place .
Maybe that 's because there were so many flaws in the basic idea .
Or maybe it was because strict gun control makes even less sense at the municipal level than it does on a broader scale .
At any rate , the policy turned out to be a comprehensive dud .
In the years following its ban , Washington did not generate a decline in gun murders .
In fact , the number of killings rose by 156 percent — at a time when murders nationally increased by just 32 percent .
For a while , the city vied regularly for the title of murder capital of America .
Chicago followed a similar course .
In the decade after it outlawed handguns , murders jumped by 41 percent , compared to an 18 percent rise in the entire United States .
One problem is that the bans did n't actually have any discernible effect on the availability of guns to people with felonious intent .
As with drugs and hookers , when there is a demand for guns , there will always be a supply .
Who places the highest value on owning a firearm ?
Criminals .
Who is least likely to fear being prosecuted for violating the law ?
Criminals .
Who is most likely to have access to illicit dealers ?
You guessed it .
If we were starting out in a country with zero guns , it might be possible to keep such weapons away from bad guys .
But that 's not this country , which has more than 200 million firearms in private hands and a large perpetual supply of legal handguns .
Only a tiny percentage of those weapons has to be diverted to the underground trade for crooks to acquire all the firepower they need .
While gun bans greatly impede the law - abiding , they pose only a trivial inconvenience to the lawless .
This is especially true at the local level .
Banning guns from one city makes about as much sense as banning them on one block .
It 's hard enough to halt the flow of guns over international borders , where governments police traffic .
It 's impossible to stop them from crossing municipal boundaries — which are unmonitored , undefended , and practically invisible .
Tens of thousands of cars enter Washington and Chicago each day from places where guns are easily and legally obtainable .
Any of those vehicles could be transporting a carton of pistols to sell to willing thugs .
If you 're on an island , you 're going to get splashed by the waves .
The proponents obviously knew all along this city - by - city approach had serious shortcomings .
But they figured it was bound to curtail gun availability somewhat .
They also hoped that by prohibiting handguns in one place , they were beginning a bigger process .
First , they expected that other cities and states would follow suit .
Second , they wagered that strict controls at the local level would acclimate Americans to new regulations at the national level .
But things did n't work out that way .
The persistence of crime in supposedly gun-free zones did n't build support for broader gun control by showing the limits of piecemeal legislation .
It weakened the case , by proving that such regulations have little impact on the people who present the biggest danger .
Instead of a broad upward avenue , it was a dead end .
Gun control supporters fear that if the Supreme Court invalidates local handgun bans , the consequences will be nothing but bad .
That would be easier to believe if the laws had ever done any good .
COPYRIGHT 2010 CREATORS.COM
Quick Look : RailWorks
Do you like trains ?
Well , friend , do I have something to show you !
Sit back and enjoy as the Giant Bomb team takes an unedited look at the latest video games .
May . 31 2010
Cast : Dave , Vinny
Posted by : Vinny
Wilmer Azuaje was a young firebrand when he joined Hugo Chávez 's revolution a decade ago to topple Venezuela 's corrupt ruling class .
He was elected to the national assembly and worked with the president 's family to turn their home state of Barinas , a rural backwater of cattle ranches , into a laboratory of change .
Azuaje was inspired by Chávez 's promise to sweep away a history of graft and patronage which had stunted an oil - driven economy .
" I believed in the process of reform , " said Azuaje .
Not anymore .
The baby - faced protege , once a rising star in the ruling party , has now become the Chávez family 's most outspoken foe .
" They turned out to be the most corrupt ever .
They betrayed us . "
Azuaje has blown the whistle on what he claims is a kleptocratic dynasty in Barinas where farms , businesses , banks and government contracts have been pocketed by the president 's parents and five brothers .
The allegations come amid wider complaints that the revolutionary socialist movement known as " chavismo " has been hijacked by money - driven opportunists inside , or close to , the government .
Nationalisations , the creation of new state enterprises and a maze of price and currency controls have spawned well - connected millionaires nicknamed Boligarchs , after the independence hero revered by Chávez , Simón Bolívar .
Murky state finances meanwhile have put Venezuela 162nd , alongside Angola and Congo , out of 180 countries in Transparency International 's corruption perceptions index .
Chávez appears to have recognised the wheel has turned : that the cry against corruption which helped bring him to power in 1998 will be used against his candidates in September 's legislative elections .
" This party has to tighten the moral belt , " he said in December last year .
The charismatic leader remains popular with many of the poor for spending oil revenues on social programmes but with the economy shrinking and widespread electricity and water shortages the perception of sleaze could tip the balance against his PSUV party .
Some 64 % think corruption has worsened and regard things to be generally going badly , according to a recent poll .
For Chávez it is especially galling that Barinas , the family fiefdom and revolution showcase , is now cited for corruption , nepotism and misrule .
Critics have a list of grievances and accusations which make the state 's administration sound like a soap opera .
Chávez 's father ruled as governor for a decade until handing over to the president 's brother , Adán , in an election marred by fraud allegations .
Other brothers are also thriving : Aníbal is mayor of nearby Sabaneta ; Adelis is a top banker at Banco Sofitasa , which enjoys government contracts ; Argenis wields enormous clout as a political fixer ; Narciso is reportedly planning his own election run .
Members of what is dubbed the " royal family " travel in convoys of 4x4s .
The president 's once - matronly mother , Elena , has had a makeover with plastic surgery , designer clothes , bling jewellery and a poodle named Coqui .
It is alleged the family bought thousands of hectares of farmland through proxies , including a former labourer , Nestor Izarra , who is named as the owner of one estate , La Malagueña .
The family has denied any wrongdoing .
The cost of a football stadium built under Adelis Chávez 's supervision ballooned to $ 93 m ( £ 60 m ) and remains unfinished three years after hosting its first game .
A Venezuelan - Cuban sugarcane project has been mired in a $ 1.5 m embezzlement scam .
The state government uses emergency decrees for public works which bypass open tender requirement and allegedly reward cronies .
Crime , notably kidnapping , has exploded , with even the middle class and poor falling prey to gangs which brazenly abduct victims from roads , shopping malls and universities .
You are four times likelier to be kidnapped in Barinas than Colombia or Mexico .
" The courts have collapsed , there are backlogs for everything , " said Pedro Pablo González , a lawyer and political activist .
" There are not enough investigators , prosecutors or police , it 's a mess . "
He recently led a 19 - day 500 km protest walk to the capital , Caracas .
Many local " chavistas " have defected to the opposition .
" Really , it became too much , " said Lorenzo Saturno , a legislator who quit the ruling party .
" Corruption is out of control and the Chávez family has total impunity . "
Loyalists say that is a smear which overlooks new roads , houses , schools and employment projects dotting Barinas 's plains and dusty towns .
Why else would voters keep the Chávez family in power , said Miguel Angel León , president of the regional legislative council .
" This is a happy , dynamic state .
The football stadium , for instance , is about to be finished .
But a few protesters are able to manipulate the media to make Barinas look bad , " he told the Guardian .
Other loyalists say the president proved his anti-corruption credentials during a banking scandal last December when he purged a senior minister , Jesse Chacón , and businessmen with ties to the government .
" We are demonstrating that there are no untouchables here , " Chávez said at the time .
Sceptics said the shakeup owed more to a feud between rival ruling factions than a crackdown on sleaze .
And that the fate of whistleblowers showed there were indeed untouchables .
Luis Tascón , an ultra-chavista legislator , was expelled from the ruling party and called a traitor after accusing senior officials of corruption .
Azuaje ( left ) , the Barinas firebrand , has had a torrid time since delivering to the national assembly a package of pictures , deeds and documents which he said proved the Chávez family amassed an illicit $ 20 m fortune .
The government - controlled assembly dismissed the claims after a brief inquiry .
The 33 - year - old legislator said he then reaped a whirlwind : shots fired at his home ; a brother killed ; his mother and wife fired from state jobs .
The latest alleged reprisal : a criminal charge that he abused and struck a policewoman .
The national assembly recently lifted Azuaje 's immunity as a lawmaker , an unusual step , after which he was handcuffed and briefly detained .
The supreme court also barred him from publicly discussing the charges .
It is unclear if he will be able to run in September 's election .
" This is about revenge , clear as day .
Chávez has not forgiven me for accusing his family , " he said .
Amnesty International said the government was using the judiciary to persecute Azuaje and other opponents .
" Charges brought for political reasons against critics are being used to silence dissent and prevent others from speaking out , " the watchdog claimed last week .
Chávez supporters claimed that was unfair .
People suspected of crime were being brought to book , as simple as that , wrote Eva Golinger , editor of the state - backed newspaper Correo del Orinoco International .
" Ideology is not an exemption from criminality .
After a lengthy period of impunity in Venezuela , the judicial system is finally beginning to risk imposing the law , at whatever cost . "
Comments by Mike Adams , the Health Ranger
Is modern medicine priming the population for a wave of future cancers ?
Cartoon creator Mike Adams must be conspicuously credited .
Web address www.NaturalNews.com must be posted below or adjacent to the cartoon in a conspicuous manner .
If on the web , the link must be clickable .
You may not use this cartoon in a disparaging context or manner .
You may not charge for this cartoon .
Truth Publishing retains all ownership , rights and copyrights .
Reprint rights may be revoked , without notice , on a case by case basis , if reprint courtesy is , in our opinion , abused .
( Natural News )
A new report released by thereveals that Americans ' exposure to radiation has increased more than 600 percent over the last three decades .
Most of that increase has come from patients ' exposure to radiation throughsuch as CT scans and mammograms .
Most patients have no awareness of the dangers of ionizing radiation due to medical imaging scans .
Virtually no patients -- and few doctors -- realize that https://www.naturalnews.com/023582.html ) , for example .
Most women undergoing mammograms have no idea that the radiation emitted by mammography machines actuallyby exposing heart and breast tissue to dangerous ionizing radiation that directly causes DNA damage .
Even low doses of radiation can add up to significant increases in lifelong cancer risk .
A study published in the ( 2007 ) found that survivors of the 1945 atomic bombs unleashed on Japan during World War II still faced significant increases in lifetime cancer risk .
And the levels of radiation to which these particular study subjects were exposed is equivalent to receiving only two or three CT scans , explains an ABC News story ( http://abcnews.go.com/Health/CancerPreventio... ) .
Yes , it 's true : A couple of CT scans can expose your body to as much radiation as standing a few miles from an atomic bomb explosion .
This is a simple scientific fact .
Exposure to CT scans and mammograms today can lead to cancer much later in life .
As ABC News reports , Dr. Len Lichtenfeld , the deputy chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society , says , " Radiation exposure from these scans is not inconsequential and can lead to later cancers .
" Thanks to the widespread use of medical imaging scans , hospitals are also becoming a major source of .
See the NaturalNews report on that topic here : https://www.naturalnews.com/025711.html
This material can be seized by terrorists and used to make dirty bombs .
Thus ,
The bottom - line question in all this is simple :
Are medical imaging devices causing more harm than good ?
And do mammograms actuallyby causing cancer in the breast ?
In my view , the answers to both these questions are a resounding YES .
Medical imaging does more than just detect cancer , it also causes cancer !
And that 's in the financial interests of the drug companies and cancer clinics that profit from treating cancer .
To see an amazing collection of quotes about mammography and radiation , read the rest of this story on NaturalNews : https://www.naturalnews.com/025767.html
Want to use this cartoon ?
Specific , limited permission is granted to reprint in any book , movie , website , magazine , newspaper , animation or other media under the following ' professional courtesy ' conditions :
High - resolutions files are available for film and print .
If you ’ve ever worked out on a farm , you know a thing or two about getting up before sunrise .
We thought it was worth taking a few moments to honor the hard working farmers out there that feed us all day after day by putting together this collection of John Deere tractors at sunrise :
( Credit )
( Credit )
( Credit )
( Credit )
Great reflection of sunrise off this classic John Deere 5520 :
( Credit )
Interesting shot of a Deere amid the sheep in Halsey , Oregon :
( Credit )
Hopefully we wo n’t see another image like this until the snow season next year 🙂
( Credit )
We hope you enjoyed this collection of sunrises .
Stay tuned , as the next in our series will include a photo set of John Deere sunsets !
Bug Description
Binary package hint : upstart
Summary : initctl start mounted - tmp erased all my data in /
I am running a lucid installation in a linux - vserver instance .
While fiddling with the really annoing issues regarding upstart and linux - vserver , I executed initctl start mounted - tmp to test if the script was working correctly .
The script took quite long , and after it finished , I discovered that it did not only clean / tmp , but all existing files on the whole machine .
My guess is that the variable $ MOUNTPOINT is not set correctly when the script is being started manually , hence this happened in / instead of / tmp :
find .
- depth - xdev $ TEXPR $ EXCEPT !
- type d - delete
find .
- depth - xdev $ DEXPR $ EXCEPT - type d -empty - delete
I am currently busy getting all ( well , most .
meh ! ) data back from my backups , so I havent had the time to reproduce the issue , will try do to so as soon as the vm is back up and running in another testmachine , but this might take some days .
ProblemType : Bug
DistroRelease : Ubuntu 10.04
Package : upstart 0.6.5-6
Uname : Linux 2.6.31-20 - vserver i686
NonfreeKernelMo dules : xt_tcpudp nf_conntrack_ipv4 nf_defrag_ipv4 xt_state nf_conntrack iptable_filter i2c_nforce2 ip_tables x_tables k8temp serio_raw pcspkr forcedeth raid10 raid456 raid6_pq async_xor async_memcpy async_tx xor raid1 raid0 multipath linear fbcon tileblit font bitblit softcursor
Architecture : i386
Date : Wed Apr 7 09:52:32 2010
ProcEnviron : SHELL=/ bin/ bash
SourcePackage : upstart
Nashville and other parts of Tennessee were hit by the region 's greatest rainfall in recorded history this weekend , resulting in a severe flood that has devastated the region and even swept away buildings and cars .
The 20 inches of rain have turned interstate highways into veritable rivers , submerged neighborhoods and broken dams .
Power outages have affected 36,000 homes .
Thankfully , the casualties have n't been as ubiquitous as the damage .
The flood has been ongoing for two days , and so far eleven deaths have been confirmed .
Check out these videos and photos that YouTube and Twitter users have shared from their experiences .
You 'll see some eye - opening images of damage to buildings , cars and roads .
As was the case with earthquakes and other disasters in the past , social media has provided the quickest and most elaborate picture of the situation at ground level .
Videos From YouTube
Photos From Twitter
[ img credit : TonyYoungBlood ]
[ img credit : christnemaddela ]
[ img credit : tandemracer ]
For more social media coverage , follow Mashable Social Media on Twitter or become a fan on Facebook
“ There Was Never Any Pay - day For the Negroes ” : Jourdon Anderson Demands Wages
As slavery collapsed at the close of the Civil War , former slaves quickly explored freedom ’s possibilities by establishing churches that were independent of white control , seeking education in Freedmen ’s Bureau schools , and even building and maintaining their own schools .
Many took to the roads as they sought opportunities to work and to reconstitute their families .
Securing their liberty meant finding the means of support to obtain land or otherwise benefit from their own labor , as Jourdon Anderson made clear in this letter to his former owner .
He addressed Major Anderson from Ohio , where he had secured good wages for himself and schooling for his children .
Many freedpeople argued that they were entitled to land in return for their years of unpaid labor and looked to the federal government to help achieve economic self - sufficiency .
Black southerners understood the value of their own labor and looked for economic independence and a free labor market in their battle over the meaning of emancipation in post - Civil War America .
Dayton , Ohio , August 7 , 1865
To My Old Master , Colonel P.H. Anderson , Big Spring , Tennessee
Sir : I got your letter and was glad to find you had not forgotten Jourdon , and that you wanted me to come back and live with you again , promising to do better for me than anybody else can .
I have often felt uneasy about you .
I thought the Yankees would have hung you long before this for harboring Rebs they found at your house .
I suppose they never heard about your going to Col .
Martin’s to kill the Union soldier that was left by his company in their stable .
Although you shot at me twice before I left you , I did not want to hear of your being hurt , and am glad you are still living .
It would do me good to go back to the dear old home again and see Miss Mary and Miss Martha and Allen , Esther , Green , and Lee .
Give my love to them all , and tell them I hope we will meet in the better world , if not in this .
I would have gone back to see you all when I was working in the Nashville Hospital , but one of the neighbors told me Henry intended to shoot me if he ever got a chance .
I want to know particularly what the good chance is you propose to give me .
I am doing tolerably well here ; I get $ 25 a month , with victuals and clothing ; have a comfortable home for Mandy , — the folks here call her Mrs. Anderson ) , — and the children — Milly , Jane and Grundy — go to school and are learning well ; the teacher says Grundy has a head for a preacher .
They go to Sunday - School , and Mandy and me attend church regularly .
We are kindly treated ; sometimes we overhear others saying , “ Them colored people were slaves ” down in Tennessee .
The children feel hurt when they hear such remarks , but I tell them it was no disgrace in Tennessee to belong to Col.
Anderson .
Many darkies would have been proud , as I used to be , to call you master .
Now , if you will write and say what wages you will give me , I will be better able to decide whether it would be to my advantage to move back again .
As to my freedom , which you say I can have , there is nothing to be gained on that score , as I got my free papers in 1864 from the Provost - Marshal - General of the Department of Nashville .
Mandy says she would be afraid to go back without some proof that you are sincerely disposed to treat us justly and kindly ; and we have concluded to test your sincerity by asking you to send us our wages for the time we served you .
This will make us forget and forgive old scores , and rely on your justice and friendship in the future .
I served you faithfully for thirty - two years and Mandy twenty years .
At twenty - five dollars a month for me , and two dollars a week for Mandy , our earnings would amount to eleven thousand six hundred and eighty dollars .
Add to this the interest for the time our wages has been kept back and deduct what you paid for our clothing and three doctor ’s visits to me , and pulling a tooth for Mandy , and the balance will show what we are in justice entitled to .
Please send the money by Adams Express , in care of V. Winters , Esq. , Dayton , Ohio .
If you fail to pay us for faithful labors in the past we can have little faith in your promises in the future .
We trust the good Maker has opened your eyes to the wrongs which you and your fathers have done to me and my fathers , in making us toil for you for generations without recompense .
Here I draw my wages every Saturday night , but in Tennessee there was never any pay - day for the Negroes any more than for the horses and cows .
Surely there will be a day of reckoning for those who defraud the laborer of his hire .
In answering this letter please state if there would be any safety for my Milly and Jane , who are now grown up and both good - looking girls .
You know how it was with Matilda and Catherine .
I would rather stay here and starve , and die if it comes to that , than have my girls brought to shame by the violence and wickedness of their young masters .
You will also please state if there has been any schools opened for the colored children in your neighborhood , the great desire of my life now is to give my children an education , and have them form virtuous habits .
P.S. — Say howdy to George Carter , and thank him for taking the pistol from you when you were shooting at me .
From your old servant ,
Jourdon Anderson
Source : Reprinted in Lydia Maria Child , The Freedmen ’s Book ( Boston : Tickenor and Fields , 1865 ) , 265–67 .
The Associated Press
'' Although we ended the hockey season officially for the ' 19 - 20 season ( Monday ) night , I can tell you we 're pretty busy here in Smashville getting ready for the draft , free agency and hopefully for a full season next year , '' Nashville GM David Poile said .
There is no rest for weary runner - up Dallas , the Lightning or the 29 other teams because the NHL offseason is already under way and will proceed with at a furious pace .
There have already been a handful of trades , two prominent buyouts , the two - day draft starts next Tuesday and free agency opens Oct. 9 , little more than a week away .
Spanish Internet Television
Spanish Internet Television and Online Video
Welcome to our online television pages , featuring a listing of internet TV streams and online video feeds to help you practice your understanding of foreign languages and become fluent in the culture and news of other lands .
If you have any questions or can't find what you need , please e-mail us at sales at multilingualbooks dot com .
Ríspido debate entre PRI , PAN y sol azteca en la sesión de trabajo de la Permanente
Piden a Gómez
Mont que los cuerpos policiacos no inhiban la actividad electoral en el país
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Happy birthday on the 103rd anniversary of your birth .
Wish you were here .
There ’s so much to tell you about the oceans since you left this world 46 years ago .
Tens of thousands of young women and men have gone into science since your pioneering work .
Their cumulative efforts have vastly increased our understanding of the marine world .
Exciting new technologies — deep - towed cameras , sonar , submarines , remotely operated underwater vehicles , free - swimming autonomous underwater vehicles — are illuminating the abyss in ways not even your fertile mind could have imagined .
Entire ecosystems you had no idea existed are now explored on a daily basis , including hydrothermal vents ( discovered 1977 ) , cold seeps ( discovered 1984 ) , and whale falls ( discovered 1987 ) .
One of the greatest scientific endeavors of all time , the Census of Marine Life — now drawing to a close after a decade of intensive effort to find as many lifeforms in the seas as possible — has added 17,500 new species to the catalogue of 230,000 species of marine animals known at the close of the 20th century .
The Census is also returning to the past — or what ’s left of it , captured in millions of forgotten specimens jars on dusty shelves in museums and universities .
Swimming through these formaldehyde seas are urchins , eels , and cunners , including a few surely known to you — perhaps a jar held between your own hands .
We know that one small mollusk , the eelgrass limpet , Lottia alveus , formerly abundant and common in tidepools in Cape Cod , succumbed to extinction around 1929 — during your tenure on the Massachusetts shore .
Limpets are humble creatures , slow - moving , mostly sedentary , able to clamp down onto rocks with enormous force .
They survive the desiccation of low tide .
They survive the burn of sunlight .
Many return to the same home scar engineered in the rock to await the return of the waters .
Long after your time on this Earth , Rachel Carson , we still need your voice reminding us of the ocean we love , the ocean we are losing , the one we ’re clinging to and fighting for with limpetlike tenacity right now .
Thanks for lighting the beacon .
Sweden Fights for Peace Building Nuclear Subs and Developing Stealth Technologies
Carl Bildt , Sweden 's Foreign Minister , wrote in his article in The New York Times on February 2 that as a step in further reduction of nuclear arsenal in Europe he called the US leaders and Russia to support significant reduction of tactic nuclear weapons in Europe .
Sweden Fights for Peace Building Nuclear Subs and Developing Stealth Technologies
Peaceful initiative is a good thing .
Yet , Sweden is a special topic for conversation .
This nine million - strong country has an army and military industry that makes any large country envious .
Despite the crisis , Sweden ’s military expenses are growing as well as the export of military equipment .
Here is the “ peace report ” for March 2010 alone .
On March 12 , it was announced that Sweden is to build a Gotland - like submarine , with stealth technology .
A week later , information was released that Swedish helicopters AW109 will participate in the operation against Somali pirates .
On March 25 , the country officials announced that this year they will create a special agency for the export of military equipment and weapons that will combine the work of several companies .
Russia Today : Muslim immigrants make anti-Semitism an issue for Sweden
During the cold war Sweden had very active neutrality – it was number ten in the world in weapons export .
Not too bad for a small country , but the Scandinavians decided to go even further .
According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute ( SIPRI ) , in 2004 –2007 Sweden was number seven in the world in weapons export and to this day preserves its positions .
In 2007 , the export accounted for 1.9 billion dollars .
In 2008 it dropped down to staggering 1.41 billion dollars but a year later increased again by 7 % and exceeded 1.5 billion dollars .
The largest buyers of Swedish weapons are Holland and other EU countries , Pakistan , India , Malaysia , Thailand , South African Republic , and Latin America countries .
And , most surprisingly , the US and Great Britain , who have their own strong military industry .
The most popular Swedish weapon is infantry combat vehicle CV90 , jet fighters JAS 39 Gripen and artillery radars ARTHUR .
Swedish optics for combat actions is also very popular in the world .
The country produces submarines , sonars and radar systems for ships and submarines .
Swedish airborne warning and control system also bring much money into the country ’s treasury .
Their army is one of the strongest in the Baltic region .
А s of 2007 , the number of ground forces is nearly 14 thousand people .
They are equipped with tanks , armored vehicles , self - propelled howitzers , and shoulder - fired missiles .
Nearly all equipment is locally manufactured .
Air forces have 3,600 people equipped with 165 combat and 102 auxiliary planes and 54 helicopters , half of which is made in Sweden .
Eight thousand officers and sailors serve in the navy that consists of two surface fleets and one submarine fleet .
The number of various military ships exceeds 50 , and the Navy also boasts five submarines .
One of six Swedish navy bases is located some 300 kilometers from the main base of the Baltic fleet in Kaliningrad .
In January of 2009 Swedish Ministry of Defense announced its readiness to reduce the army by a third , but two months later changed its mind and started growing its military might again .
The goal was to make the armed forces more mobile and compliant with current requirements .
Additionally , Swedish government was motivated by the analysis of the war in South Ossetia .
After that war Scandinavians suspended their cooperation with Russia .
What were the conclusions made ?
There was a necessity in providing conditions for getting 50 thousand people ready to shoot within a week .
The number of battalions with constant combat preparedness was expected to increase from three to eight .
Approximately 1,700 military were expected to be involved in international peacekeeping operations , and every each of them was supposed to serve “ where and when he is required to . ”
Sweden is expected to increase the number of jet fighters Gripen and helicopters .
The number of submarines will not be reduced , and the number of ships is expected to increase .
That looks like a quite bizarre reduction , is n’t it ?
The question is , who the Scandinavian military machine is going to fight against and what does the Caucasus war have to do with it ?
Sweden is not a part of NATO .
However , it does not stop it from developing military cooperation with the alliance .
Swedes participated in the program Partnership for Peace .
Their weapons manufacturing complies with NATO standards and NATO uses Swedish territory for trainings increasingly more often .
Eastern Europe did similar things while preparing to join NATO .
If Sweden joins NATO , it will change the balance of forces in Europe , and not in favor of Russia .
Konstantin Sivkov , first vice president of the Academy of geopolitical issues , shared his comments with Pravda.ru :
“ Sweden is a neutral country and it does not stop it from remaining one of the largest manufacturers of weapons in the world .
Trading weapons is a very profitable business .
It is one of the most profitable legal businesses for countries that have more or less serious military industry .
This country has been a part of the top ten exporters of weapons for a long time .
It offers a wide spectrum , from guns to contemporary planes that compete even with the leading American and Russian manufacturers , and combat ships .
Now Sweden is obviously trying to oust Russia as the second weapons exporter after the US in terms of volume .
In near future it intends to seize the niche of the market of the former USSR republics , including Georgia .
This will help Sweden to gain profits from South Ossetia war , because Georgian Army was defeated with Russian weapons .
Swedes and other foreign weapons manufacturers intend to stress the creation of systems that would allow Georgians and other countries that may have military conflicts with Russia to fight against Russia successfully .
And it is not that Sweden has Russia as one of the main competitors striving for influence in the Baltic region .
No , the Swedes have a long standing tradition of neutrality and selling arms to everyone who needs them .
A good example is World War II , when they were selling iron ore to Nazi Germany .
It was primarily used for the military industry .
At the same time , they supplied arms to the countries of Anti-Hitler coalition .
Now Sweden is trying to preserve the same role and gain maximum profit from conflicts without interfering directly .
Sergey Balmasov
Vadim Trukhachev
Pravda .
Ru
Read the original in Russian
Jay Pandolfo , who sat out the entire first - round series against the Philadelphia Flyers , will undergo shoulder surgery Tuesday to repair a torn labrum .
Pandolfo missed 17 games early in the season after sustaining the shoulder injury in a game against Pittsburgh on October 24 .
In that game , Rupp hit Pandolfo from behind , injuring the shoulder .
Pandolfo played with the injury the entire season .
There has been no talk about Pandolfo ’s future with the team .
The winger , who had 131 games of playoff experience , sat out while rookies like Matt Corrente started in his place .
Pandolfo admitted being disappointed , but he dealt with the situation .
“ When you ’re not playing in the playoffs you want to try and stay positive and not be a distraction , ” he said .
“ On the other side of it , you do n’t really feel part of it . ”
Pandolfo , who met with general manager Lou Lamoriello , has not been asked to waive his no -trade clause .
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) - A completed recount of 2.5 million ballots cast in Iraq ’s March 7 parliamentary election found no signs of fraud , an election official said on Friday , making it likely the final tally will not change .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki ’s predominantly Shi’ite electoral coalition demanded the recount of votes cast in Baghdad , alleging fraud .
Maliki ’s grouping came second in the election , two seats behind a cross-sectarian bloc led by former Prime Minister Iyad Allawi , a secular Shi’ite .
A reversal in the results could have angered Allawi ’s Sunni backers , who see him as something of a champion of their cause after they lost influence following the fall in 2003 of Sunni dictator Saddam Hussein .
Allawi is also viewed as a bulwark against Shi’ite Iran .
“ There is no proof ... that there was fraud or manipulation or big mistakes , ” Qassim al - Aboudi , a spokesman for the Independent High Electoral Commission ( IHEC ) , said at a news conference .
The results of the recount , which began on May 3 , will be made public on Monday , Aboudi said .
Baghdad , Iraq ’s capital and most populous city , was the biggest prize in the election with more than one - fifth of the seats in parliament .
An IHEC official who asked not to be named said he did not think the recount would change the final result .
Allawi ’s Iraqiya coalition rode strong support from minority Sunnis to gain 91 parliamentary seats compared with 89 for Maliki ’s State of Law bloc .
State of Law has announced a tie - up with the Iran - friendly Iraqi National Alliance , the other main Shi’ite - led political grouping , which finished third with 70 seats .
Together they would form the largest bloc in the next 325 - seat parliament .
The time it is taking to certify the election results and start to form a government could make the country vulnerable to a slide back into the sectarian violence unleashed after the 2003 U.S. - led invasion .
Dozens have died in attacks carried out since the ballot by suspected Sunni Islamist insurgents seeking to exploit the political vacuum and tensions between Sunnis and Shi’ites .
At least 125 people were killed and more than 600 were wounded on Monday in a series of car bombings and attacks by gunmen stretching from Mosul in the north to Basra in the south .
In a statement issued just before the IHEC announcement , Maliki ’s office said the prime minister ’s demand for a recount was meant to enforce the credibility of the election and reinforce the confidence of voters .
Aboudi said 400 complaints had been lodged by agents of the political factions during the recount and 230 of them had been dismissed so far .
The others would be dealt with in the coming days , he said .
With a handful of skeptics continuing to bombard the state of Hawaii with requests to see Obama 's birth certificate , Gov. Linda Lingle ( R ) signed a law this week allowing officials to ignore repeat inquiries .
Undeterred , some " birthers " — a fringe group that argues Obama was not really born in the U.S. , and is therefore ineligible to be president — are now pursuing a new route to prove their theory :
The president 's supposedly " suspicious " Social Security number .
( Watch an MSNBC report . )
Here 's a look at the latest birther theory :
First , what does Hawaii 's new law do ?
It creates a limited exemption to Freedom of Information rules allowing state agencies to ignore repeated document requests from the same person .
Will this convince birthers to stop asking about the document ?
Probably not .
Gov. Lingle — a Republican — asserted that the state health director had personally viewed Obama 's birth record , telling WABC Radio :
“ The president was , in fact , born at Kapi’olani Hospital in Honolulu , Hawaii .
And that ’s just a fact . "
But state Senator Will Espero , who introduced the bill , says that birthers " are just rabid about this and I do n't think anything we provide or give them will convince them otherwise . "
What is the Social Security number claim ?
Some commentators on the far right are suggesting that Obama has a fake or stolen Social Security number , which would be a crime .
An article on World Net Daily by " birther " Jerome Corsi cites two private investigators who say that the first three digits of Obama 's Social Security Number are 042 , meaning it was issued in Connecticut , not Hawaii .
They also claim it was issued between 1977 and 1979 .
Why is that ( supposedly ) incriminating ?
The report says Obama 's first job was at a Oahu Baskin Robbins in 1975 — when he was 13 — and since you need a Social Security number to get a job , the logic goes , his current number must not be his original one .
Secondly , the claim continues , Obama has no known connection to Connecticut from that time period , and the Social Security Administration would n't issue a Connecticut number to a Hawaii resident .
Susan Daniels , one of the investigators in the report , says she 's " staking [ her ] reputation on a conclusion that Obama 's use of this Social Security number is fraudulent . "
Is there an explanation ?
in 1975 , Obama was too young to work legally , Carole Bengele Gilbert at Associated Content points out .
She speculates he might have been paid " under the table " for his Baskin Robbins labors .
In this scenario , he might not have been given a Social Security number until he was 16 or 17 .
What about the Connecticut number ?
Numbers are assigned based on the return address on the request envelope , not residency .
And Gilbert notes that Obama 's father , also named Barack Hussein Obama , lived in Connecticut for several years .
" Dr. Conspiracy " at the site Obama Conspiracy Theories hazards the guess that — assuming the 042 - xx - xxxx number really is Obama 's — the president " got his SSN as a child living in Indonesia and the application was just processed in Connecticut . "
Will this theory catch on ?
" It ’s currently making its way up the Google trends hot list , " says Glynnis MacNichol at Mediaite , and " it might be just the sort of thing to bubble up on cable news between segments as a ' you decide ' filler once people get tired of the depressing BP oil video . "
Sources : Christian Science Monitor , New York Times , Honolulu Advertiser , WND , Associated Content ( 2 ) , Mediaite , ObamaConspiracy.org
In the computer hardware world , certain segments are saturated with choice , while others are not .
Take graphics cards for example .
For the most part , it ’s AMD ( ATI ) vs. NVIDIA .
For CPU ’s , AMD vs. Intel . For CPU coolers … ugh , where to begin .
We ’d need at least a billion “ vs. ” for that one !
Then there are operating systems , where like GPU ’s and CPU ’s , the choices of major vendor are slim .
For consumers , there are three main operating systems on the market , with Microsoft ’s Windows dominating all of the others .
In second place is Apple ’s Mac OS X , followed by all Linux variants combined .
An OS seems simple , but in truth , it ’s the one piece of the computing puzzle that seems to divide us all .
After all , there are few applications , games and drivers that are interoperable across each .
That being the case , I doubt many would refute the fact that some OSes do a better job at some things than others .
Although Linux is easily the least - popular of the three consumer offerings on the market today , over my years of using the OS full - time , I ’ve stumbled on many things that caused me to shout , “ Why ca n ’t Windows do that ? ! ” , and this article pretty much sums up a handful of those .
To be clear about this article ’s intent , it ’s not to bash Microsoft , or Windows .
Because to be fair , despite using Linux 95 % of the time while I ’m on the PC , I can find more faults with it than Windows .
So , this article ’s goal is to highlight some of the major pluses of Linux , and also showcase where Windows could improve in the future , should Microsoft take heed of the suggestions .
Please note that the list here is in no particular order , and because Ubuntu is currently the market - leading distribution , I used the latest release ( 10.04 Beta 2 ) for the sake of capturing most screenshots and backing up my claims .
Ubuntu utilizes GNOME , but the entire list applies to KDE and likely other desktop environments as well .
So without further ado , let ’s dive in !
1 – Partitioning
Long before I began to take Linux seriously , one thing that bothered me about Windows was the weak partitioner built into the OS .
The biggest issue is its absolute lack of flexibility , and another is its lack of compatibility .
Microsoft has done well to make sure that only a handful of file systems are supported for creation and even less for reading .
Have a Linux ext3 partition ?
In Windows ’ partitioner , it will show up as “ Unknown ” .
That ’s not too useful , and there ’s no real excuse for it given that file system ID numbers are an industry standard , so it would take nothing for Microsoft to at least recognize the partition and display it properly , rather than default everything other than what it wants to unknown .
That I can live with , but to make things worse , there ’s just no real power made available to the user .
At most , you can split a partition in half .
There ’s no resizing , moving … nothing .
If you are feeling really ambitious , there might be an option to format , but I recommend not choosing it hastily .
Regardless of the Linux distribution you ’re using , you have access to one of the best partitioning programs known to man : GParted .
Yes , its name is a little bland , but what it can do is not .
For starters , it supports an incredible array of file systems , and many are not just Linux - specific .
Those include FAT , NTFS , HFS and HFS+ , and of course it also supports all common Linux file systems such as ext2 – ext4 , JFS , ReiserFS , UFS and also XFS .
GParted is more than just support , though .
With this tool , you can easily create partitions any way you like , at any size , and even move them around after - the - fact if you need to .
You can also handle the various flags that are available ( boot , hidden , lvm , etc ) , duplicate an entire partition to another drive , and also check for errors to make sure your partition is in tip - top shape .
To be fair to Windows , there are some free partitioning solutions available , but the caveat is that none are included with Windows , so most people are left to using what ’s made available , or they run out and purchase a commercial partitioner .
GParted has been included in every distro I ’ve ever tested , making it completely accessible to any Linux user .
2 – Activation
This could be considered a cheap - shot against Microsoft since Windows is a paid OS and Linux is n’t , but over the years , I ’ve been bit by Windows ’ activation far too many times to keep quiet about it .
Given that Windows costs money , I could understand the requirement to activate after the install , but it ’s all of the downsides that plague the activation scheme that bothers me .
Because your activation is tied to your computer ’s hardware , if you as much as swap out a graphics card or even update your motherboard ’s BIOS , you risk suffering the consequence of booting back into a deactivated copy of Windows .
The solution ?
To reactivate , of course , which takes a quick call to Microsoft that requires you back and forth two sets of numbers ; one set of 64 and the other of 48 ( if memory serves ) .
On Linux , you can do whatever you please to your OS or hardware and not have to worry about a thing .
Just over a month ago , I switched over most of my PC ’s integral hardware , including the motherboard , CPU and memory .
I simply carried over my same Linux install , and it booted up without an issue ( under Linux , many drivers work for more than one piece of hardware , making migration a cinch ) .
Activation might be a necessary evil , but when you do n’t have to deal with it ever , it feels like complete freedom .
And freedom is sweet .
3 – Customization
I have n’t used OS X enough to understand its level of customization , but this is one area where Windows falls flat on its face .
According to Microsoft , customization includes being able to choose between two different taskbar sizes , adding a sidebar , and changing the color of your windows .
Oh , I almost forgot to mention about the adjustable icon sizes , small to GIGANTIC .
On Windows , customization is almost non-existent compared to Linux , regardless of the desktop environment you ’re using .
In the case of GNOME and KDE , both environments are designed to be modular , so swapping out an entire icon theme if you wanted to is a simple process .
The same thing applies to the desktop themes themselves , organization of the environments UI elements and much more .
Want to move the clock in your taskbar ?
Easy in Linux .
I ’m not sure about GNOME , but thanks to KDE ’s Plasmoids , you could move the clock right out of the taskbar if you wanted .
The same can be said for most other elements as well .
You could easily place the trash in the taskbar or the desktop and remove elements you might not ever touch ( such as the device manager ) .
You can scale things down to your liking , or bloat it up as much as you like .
The major difference between Windows and Linux in this regard is that in the latter , the choice is at least there .
For Windows , there are of course some tools out there to help you customize the OS , but especially on Vista and 7 , the options are severely limited .
XP was a bit different , but I ’ve yet to see truly impressive modifications for either of Microsoft ’s latest OSes .
Then again , those would be considered add - on ’s … but not so for Linux .
4 – Automatic User Logon
If you read this heading and said , “ I have automated logon for my Windows , ya douche ! ” , then you ’ve apparently never , not once , ever added a second user to your Windows .
Maybe you do n’t even update your OS as often as you should .
For all versions of Windows , automatic logon works fine as long as you stick to one user , but in my experience , there have been updates downloaded straight through Windows Updates that have stuck me to a logon screen at boot , despite having just one user .
The most common issue is caused by having more than one user , though , and it ’s a problem that anyone who uses such a setup faces .
Many times , the main user of the PC would rather an automatic logon to save the hassle , but for some reason , getting that done is made difficult .
If you ’re on Windows right now , go ahead and have a look for the option .
All the way back to XP , my solution for this problem has been Google .
That ’s right , in order to figure out how to create an auto logon , you basically have to go to Google or some other search engine to figure out how it ’s done .
For Windows XP , you actually have to go to the registry and find some specific string .
For Windows Vista / 7 , you need to go to the command line and type in ‘ control userpasswords2 ’ .
Those solutions work , but neither are common sense , nor too easy .
For something that should be absolutely simple , sending someone to a search engine for a solution is a little ridiculous .
To get this done in GNOME , you simply go to the System menu , then Administration and finally select Login Screen .
There , the options are straight - forward .
For KDE , you must go to the System Settings panel , and select Login Manager under the Advanced tab .
Both solutions between GNOME and KDE are simple , and do n’t require a Google search to handle .
5 – Troubleshooting
This is a rather broad area to tackle , so I ’ll just talk about the basics .
Running into an issue in Linux used to be a major problem given the lack of overall support , but today , that ’s not true .
There exist countless communities out there to help you out , and unless you have a truly bizarre or hardware - related issue , chances are good that you can find a solution quick .
There are also many communities for Windows users , but I can honestly say that most of the time when I run into an issue , I end up on Microsoft ’s own TechNet , MSDN or support sites .
That sounds all fine and good , but it ’s rare when those truly help with the problem , and most often , they can even confuse you more .
Compare this to the vast amounts of common - sense documentation for most major distros , and also the communities that are available as well .
There ’s a stark difference .
Aside from general information - seeking , there ’s also the case of when your OS becomes non-bootable or something else happens that renders your PC useless .
In Windows , your options are extremely limited .
You can boot up with the DVD and try to repair using the basic tools , but all too often , that ’s not enough .
In some cases , some people may even consider their data gone , given that Windows does n’t offer anything like a Live CD , or even a way to access your data outside of the OS ( assuming Safe Mode is also problematic , which happens ) .
In Linux , the problem might require some technical knowledge to fix , but you should never be far from your data , and fixing the issue is almost always a possibility .
It does n’t even matter if you ’re running a different distro .
I could boot up with a Gentoo Live CD to fix an Ubuntu problem … it ’s not a big deal .
The best aspect of this is when you use a robust bootable CD like Ubuntu ’s , though .
The reason is twofold … one , you can access all your data , and two , you can actually get online to search for a solution .
It ’s for this reason that even Windows users should keep a Linux Live CD around … you never know when it may save you .
LABOUR unveiled its manifesto today with a bold pledge to do something really complicated and confusing with the education system .
Labour leader Gordon Brown said parents would no longer have to put up with their child being stupid and lazy and that failing schools could be taken over by NHS trusts or possibly the local fire brigade , especially if they are not on fire .
Mr Brown said : " If a school is found to be producing stupid children we will begin a process whereby the parents can claim special points using their Nectar cards .
" When they reach 1000 points they will have the right to exchange them for a new chief constable , an old - fashioned matron or , if the school is on fire , they can use them to rent a bucket . "
Under Labour 's plans schools will become not - for - profit accident and emergency departments , hospitals will be granted academy status and all complaints against the police will be made into an elaborate quilt which must then be hung over the door of the local library .
Mr Brown insisted : " Healthcare must be provided on a personal basis .
You should be able to go to the doctor and be treated for the thing that is wrong with you rather than the thing that is wrong with someone else .
" And if you can't you should be able to vote that doctor out at a by - election organised by a faith - based mountain rescue service . "
He added : " Every citizen will have a guaranteed legal right to the highest quality public services .
Of course no - one knows how that can possibly be enforced , but that 's what makes it all so exciting . "
The manifesto also includes a pledge to restrict VAT increases to things you actually need and a promise to force English people to speak English .
" >
The parties of God can always be counted on for a steady stream of aggression , force , and violence against undeserving people ( usually the weaker victim the becomes their target of choice ) but I think that Islam has become the new front - runner in terms of reliability and stupidity .
Christians have had their murderous and immoral tendencies chilled by secular / enlightenment values , but Islam is n't having any of the " growing up " crap : they childishly hold that their vile brand of magic men and wish thinking is really true .
And if you do n't believe it , they 'll kill you .
Luckily that was n't the case for 64 year old Lars Vilks , a brave and wise Danish artist .
Lars exercised his right to free expression and cartooned the image of the Islamic prophet , and in return he was met with the predictable violent reaction we 've come to expect from those who believe in gods .
They did n't manage to get the kill though , Lars survived the attack thanks to the intervention of the authorities .
Yet another example of how religion poisons ' everything ' .
Can we not have simple cartoons ?
They want to ruin cartoons as well ?
Grow a backbone , are you really this delicate ?
These kinds of religiously inspired attacks are commonplace , and I mention it not because it's a new occurrence , or even because it 's incredibly noteworthy .
I mention it for two reasons : firstly to call attention to the courage and fortitude of this 64 year old bro , and secondly so I can call more attention to this illogical notion that if you speak against Islam you 're speaking racism .
The fallacious assertion that insulting Islam means you 're also insulting a group of people based on their race is nothing more than another dishonest tactic employed by the faithful to give additional cover to their lethal doctrines and dogmas .
This illogical and shifty insistence that criticizing Islam is equatable to the bigoted and practice of racism is something that must be rejected and denounced for every time it rears it 's ugly head .
When I insult christianity by calling it what it is -- as I frequently and dutifully do -- I do n't insult the people based on their race , the same goes for insulting christians themselves .
The ridicule is not aimed at them because they 're white or any other color , it 's aimed at them because they believe things my five year old nephew knows are idiotic , it has nothing to do with their race .
At all .
Not even kinda .
Islam plays by the same rules : when I condemn their illiterate and pedophilic prophet as a disgusting pig ( yeah I said it ) that shamefully married and raped a defenseless nine year old girl I 'm insulting the faith , not the race of those who believe this garbage .
To say otherwise is simply illogical , and I have zero tolerance for irrational people wasting my time with trumped up charges .
I no more insult the ethnicity of the believers than I insult their preferences between cake or pie -- the two subjects are unrelated .
I hope we resist this meme , and expose it for the dishonest rubbish that it is .
Thanks for reading !
A blog about web development in PHP , computational linguistics , and other things of interest to me
Programme
Le programme Nutrition
Tous les enfants , peu importe où ils vivent et quelles que soient leurs circonstances , ont le droit de survivre et de s'épanouir
Découvrir notre action
The chart below shows the percentage of registered voters who actually voted at each general election from 1945 — 2017 , excluding votes deliberately or accidentally spoiled .
Voter turnout data is also available for individual constituencies at the 2015 — 2010 — 2005 — 2001 — 1997 general elections , and for Westminster by - elections , the London Mayor elections , and for European parliament elections .
The table below shows the same data , in reverse order , together with the percentage turnout for each of the four regions .
To sort the table click on the column headings :
General election turnout since 1945 , by region Election Year UK England Wales Scotland N. Ireland
Source : House of Commons Research Papers 01/37 , 01/54 , 05/33 & 10/36
Video : Body transfer illusion
I feel 18 years younger ( Image : Yoshikazu Tsuno / AFP / Getty Images )
Last time you checked you were a conservatively dressed , 28 - year - old man .
But you look down and notice that you now have the legs of a 10 - year - old girl and appear to be wearing a skirt .
It turns out that this experience – facilitated by a virtual - reality headset and some brief arm - stroking – is enough to make men in their mid-20s react as if this new body is their own .
They feel that way even when they subsequently move outside the girl ’s perspective and watch her being attacked .
“ This is the first experiment to show that body ownership can be transferred to an entirely virtual body , ” says Mel Slater of the University of Barcelona , Spain , who led the team that carried out the experiment .
Advertisement
The finding highlights how far our sense of self and body image can be manipulated , and could lead to therapies for conditions of body - image distortion such as anorexia .
Rubber hands
Over 10 years ago , body - transfer illusions were first demonstrated using a false hand .
In the so - called rubber hand illusion , researchers found that if they put a rubber hand on a table in front of a person , and then stroked the rubber hand and the person ’s own hand at the same time and in the same way , they could convince the volunteer that the rubber hand was their own .
More recently , the illusion was replicated using full - body manikins : volunteers ’ skin conducted more electricity when their manikin double was attacked with a knife , indicating fear .
To see if the virtual world could be used to induce a similar illusion , Slater ’s team gave 24 men a head - tracking video display to wear and recorded their heart rates .
When the volunteers looked down , in place of their own body they saw that of a 10 - year - old girl in a tartan skirt .
They also saw a virtual woman approaching them and stroking their virtual girl ’s arm , while in the real world unseen experimenters touched the men ’s flesh - and - blood arm .
After this preparation , the virtual visual angle of the men ’s headsets changed , and the volunteers found themselves looking down on their avatars .
They now saw the girl being slapped by the virtual woman .
Immediately afterwards , the men were asked to rate how strongly they felt that the girl ’s body was theirs .
Pounding heart
On average , the men reported medium - strength feelings about the girl ’s body being their own , and strong feelings that the woman was touching their body .
Stranger still , as the girl was slapped , the men ’s heart rate changed in ways that were similar to , although not as great as , those recorded when people feel threatened .
Slater emphasises that this was surprising , given that the men were looking down on the girl , from a third - person perspective , by this point .
These changes in heart rate did not occur when the same men did a second experiment that was identical , except they viewed the whole scene from the third - person point of view .
The experiment demonstrates the strong connection the volunteers felt to their new , virtual bodies , says Slater .
He suggests that the familiarity of looking down and seeing our own body “ is so overwhelming ” that even dramatic changes in body wo n’t override the influence of vision .
Malleable self
The findings might be applied to entertainment – to make video games more immersive , for example – but also to psychology .
People considering a sex change have used the virtual world of Second Life to test what it is like to have a different gender .
Meanwhile , previous studies found that giving people virtual - reality avatars that are taller or shorter than they are alters the way they behave .
Making ourselves fatter or slimmer could also have “ profound implications ” on our psychology and behaviour , says Slater , which could be used to develop therapies for people with body - image problems .
Alexander Mussap of Deakin University in Melbourne , Australia , who has studied the rubber hand illusion in the context of eating disorders , says the new research further demonstrates that “ our sense of self is surprisingly malleable ” .
Social neuroscientist Liane Young at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology says that knowing that people transfer themselves into avatars could be used to answer many questions in psychology .
Journal reference : PloS One , DOI : 10.1371/journal.pone.0010564
Newsom told me she was a “ dreamy but melancholy ” child , whose parents encouraged her ambitions and nurtured her iconoclasm .
She does n’t remember what drew her to the harp , but she started begging her parents for lessons at age 4 and began her studies a few years later .
She also had a spiritual streak , which her parents likewise indulged .
When she was 18 , in the middle of her senior year of high school , she decided that she needed “ some sort of ritual marker of the end of childhood . ”
Her plan was to camp in the open air for three days and nights , eating little , seeing no one , communing with the great outdoors .
Newsom ’s mother sanctioned her missing school and helped her daughter scout out a place by the Yuba , in the middle of 35 wild acres owned by family friends .
“ I hesitate to speak about it because it sounds so corny , but one of my goals out there was to find a spirit- animal , ” Newsom told me .
“ On the third day , I was kind of delirious .
I ’d only eaten a little rice .
I ’d just slept and looked at a river for three days .
I was prepared to be visited by my spirit animal — I was just sitting there , saying some sort of prayer , inviting that presence into my life .
And then I saw three white wolves charging down at me .
I thought maybe I was hallucinating ; but I was also prepared to die .
But the wolves ran up and started licking my face .
Then I remembered that the daughter of the woman who owned the property kept domesticated wolves . ”
A few hours later , Newsom hiked out of the woods and went home .
Her mother had organized a celebratory dance party for Newsom and her girlfriends .
She strung up lights and served four kinds of cake .
“ A lot of people do n’t want to leave because they feel so defined by being from here , ” New­som said .
Many of Newsom ’s family and her childhood friends still live in Nevada City .
One evening , while we were eating dinner in an Italian restaurant , a hulking young man in a hooded sweatshirt and a Mohawk stopped at our table ; he was Newsom ’s second cousin .
The friendly guy who served me at a cafe on Broad Street turned out to be Pete Newsom , Joanna ’s brother , a drummer and keyboardist who has played in the singer - songwriter Devendra Banhart ’s band .
He has been pulling a few barista shifts while working on a solo project , an album of Michael Jackson - inspired dance music .
Newsom herself never really left home , except for the few years she spent at Mills College in Oakland , where she studied musical composition and creative writing before dropping out .
It was there that her career as a recording artist began , more or less by accident .
Newsom made some rough recordings of songs she had written for voice and harp and opened a few shows at Bay Area clubs for her friend Banhart .
Bonnie ( Prince ) Billy — a k a the indie - folk star Will Oldham — heard Newsom ’s demos and asked her to tour with him .
Soon after , Oldham ’s label , the Chicago - based indie stalwart Drag City , signed Newsom to a record deal .
Critics branded her music “ freak folk , ” lumping her with Banhart and other upstarts whose psychedelic leanings and flowing tresses harked back to the woollier folk rock of the late 1960s .
Newsom was called an “ elfin princess , ” a “ faerie queen , ” a “ weird waif , ” an “ innocent flower , ” a “ childlike chanteuse . ”
There was a time when the media chatter drove Newsom to distraction .
In a 2006 interview with the arts - and - culture magazine Stop Smiling , she said , “ I have friends in my hometown , and a few in other places , but I ’m not part of some epic , bracelet - clanking , eyes - rolled - back , blasé , nihilistic scenester cult . ”
Today , Newsom told me , she regrets letting the press coverage get under her skin .
“ I was fresh out of women ’s college and I was bummed at everyone saying that my songs were innocent and nursery - rhyme - like , ” she told me .
“ When people would put me and Devendra Banhart in the same sentence , they were coding his eccentricities as world - weary and ‘ witchy ’ and coding my eccentricities as childlike and naïve .
I felt like it minimized my intelligence .
But I think in my defensiveness I disavowed some realities that I should not have disavowed .
I think that there ’s always going to be an element of my experience of the world — as much as I feel this as a deficiency — that is unprotected , unbuffered . ”
Newsom ’s songs , full of roiling emotions and jumpy harmonies , do feel unbuffered .
But innocent and childlike ?
Those qualities are not foreign to indie rock , which over the past decade has been gripped in certain quarters by childhood nostalgia and a cult of the twee .
But the vigor and intensity of Newsom ’s music sets it apart .
As a musician — in pure “ chops ” terms — Newsom has more in common with people like Eddie Van Halen and Wynton Marsalis than with indie stars like Banhart and the Decemberists .
“ I still do n’t think most people realize quite how great a musician she is , ” says Neal Morgan , who drums in Newsom ’s touring band .
Her style blends the luminous arpeggios of the classical - and folk - harp traditions with African syncopation — crisp , snappy , interlocking rhythms .
( Newsom has virilized the harp , bringing a funky pulse to a dowdy drawing - room instrument . )
To see Newsom perform a song like “ Sawdust and Diamonds , ” a 10 - minute - long ballad from “ Ys , ” is to witness a display of virtuosity that verges on a circus sideshow stunt .
Newsom picks out a bass part with her left hand and plays melody lines and chords with her right , while working the harp ’s pedals with her feet and delivering 121 lines of phantasmagorical verse in a tune that madly flutters and swoops around the beat .
The closer we get to the year 2015 , the louder people lament that our world hardly resembles the one depicted in Back to the Future II .
Although it will be awhile before any of us coast around in a flying Delorean , we 've piped down our complaints , as a young French artist named Nils Guadagnin has built an exact , actually - hovering replica of Marty McFly 's pink hoverboard .
Camera
A closer look will also reveal the general structural differences between the Desire and the Nexus One -- in theory , the latter 's unibody frame should be stronger than the Desire 's old - fashioned assembly , but we have n't dared to apply more force on either solid devices to prove this ( unless our good friend Peter Chou gives us his blessing ) .
That said , if you 're into hardcore tight jeans , then the stone - cold Legend should probably outlast the other two phones with its greater unibody coverage on the back .
To get to the battery , SIM card slot and the spring - loaded microSD slot , you need to rip open the back cover using the top slit , just like on the Hero .
It 's not a pleasant experience , as you 'll see in the video below -- in the early days it felt like either our fingernail or the cover could break , and we'd kill for a slide - and - pop mechanism like on the Nexus One 's smaller cover .
Leaving this annoyance aside , both covers have similar " soft touch " suede - like textures -- certainly a warm welcome in the cold mornings , and it gives a comfortable grip as well .
Underneath the cover you 'll see that the camera , LED flash and loud speaker are at the same positions on both devices , except for the missing noise - canceling secondary mic on the Nexus One .
Are we missing much with just one mic ?
Not really -- in our comparison test , we noticed that calls made on the Desire ( using the same O2 SIM card ) are muddled only ever so slightly , and the phone certainly does n't peeve your ears with distorted background noise as produced by the Nexus One .
Have a listen yourself :
While we 're on the topic of audio quality : both speakers on the Desire do their jobs well -- we had no problem with the earpiece for phone calls , and the loudspeaker on the back is , well , pretty loud and clear .
The handsfree kit , however , fails to impress as it barely fits in our ears , and the sound quality is on par with the cheap iPod earphones -- it lacks bass and clarity , making the stylish three - button remote control ( backward , play / pause / call , forward ) a bit of a waste .
Too bad this is also bundled with the Legend and the Nexus One .
The Desire 's screen needs no introduction -- we 've already gone through the ups and downs of AMOLED in our Legend and Nexus One reviews , plus it appears to be identical to the Nexus One 's anyway .
Just for comparison 's sake : the Desire offers sharper image than the Legend due to its higher pixel density ( 240 dpi versus 160 dpi ) , but both screens are equally hopeless when used in daylight -- basically , you 'll most likely be seeing your own face while you try to watch the Trololo guy on YouTube .
Let 's hope that HTC will hook us up with some Super AMOLED love in the near future .
For our battery tests , we followed a similar routine as we did with the Legend -- occasional web browsing on 3G connection , took some photos and videos , almost continuous music playback ( with the occasional FM radio ) , Twitter auto- updating , Gmail push notifications and no live wallpaper .
This way we managed to squeeze six hours out of the battery , which is coincidentally what we got from the Legend and the Nexus One as well .
We also did tests based on a more realistic usage -- same background apps , occasional web browsing on WiFi and no or little music playback -- and this got us two more hours .
Needless to say , it 's best to keep the charging cable handy throughout the day .
Given that all three phones have a 5 - megapixel autofocus camera , we expected the same picture output from them all , but HTC 's full of surprises .
For starters , the Desire captures 5:3 wide still images , while the Legend does a narrower 3:2 and the Nexus One takes the good - old 4:3 .
Similarly , for video capture the Desire , Nexus One and Legend offer 800 x 480 , 720 x 480 and 640 x 480 resolutions respectively .
There 's a mixture of color accuracy as well , with the Nexus One performing the best out of the three , whereas the Desire 's photos tend to have a colder tint .
That said , one thing that they all have in common is the weak filming performance in dark environments -- as with the Legend , you 'll see reduced frame rate in videos recorded by the Desire under low light level .
This could be HTC 's attempt to compensate darkness by extending the exposure time , but we 're pretty certain that many would prefer a smoother video .
Daytime video : Nighttime video :
In general , the photos were of fair quality despite the aforementioned color issues .
Daytime photos were slightly under - exposed but reasonably sharp , while nighttime shots looked great but also marked with a bunch of noise lines .
Close - up shots were surprisingly good ( see the keyboard photos ) , especially when you could go all creative using the tap - to - focus function in the camera app -- something badly needed on the Nexus One .
All in all , you can't expect premium photo quality from the Desire ( or any HTC devices , it seems ) , but the camera 's there if you need it .
India ’s population growth rate has been declining over the years but the overall population will continue to grow as more than half the people are in the reproductive age group and more will join this group each year
IND1A S 2001 census puts the country ’s population at over I billion ,
In the next twenty years India will be the most populous nation in the world overtaking even China .
The population of India ’s a states is comparable to large countries .
India has grappled with the issue of population stabilisation * for over 60 years .
Although stabilisation was projected to take place by 2045 , the performance of several states indicates that this will shoot past this forecast with serious implications for sustainable development .
On the positive side India has the benefit of a young population and it can expect high levels of productivity and lower levels of dependency .
even as the developed world is confronted by the prospect of aging and low fertility .
While India ’s youth could be a huge asset it could also be a dangerous liability , because unless the population is healthy it will pull hack development .
In the next 16 years , the bulk of the population growth will take place in Uttar Pradesh , Utrarakhand .
Bihar .
Jharkhand , Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh and Rajasthan - accounting for more than 50 % of the growth .
In contrast the Southern states will add only 13 % to the total population growth .
Fertility Pattern among Different States - The Challenge Ahead :
The Total Fertility Rate ( TFR ) signifies the average number of children a woman will produce in her childbearing years .
Alok Ranjan Chaurasia and S. Gulati in “ India the State of Population 2007 ” have divided the country into three groups .
1 . In the first group there are the Hindi belt States and some north - eastern states like Manipur and Meghalaya .
Together they will account for more than half the population growth in the country by 2026 .
In these States .
lowering fertility will be very difficult as the majority of couples use no contraception .
2 . In the second group , stand States like Maharastra , West Bengal , Gujarat , Haryana and Orissa , which have achieve the two child goal .
3 . The third group of States comprises Andhra Pradesh , Goa , Hirnachal Pradesh , Karnataka , Kerala .
Punjab and Tarmil Nadu .
These States will account for hardly 15 per cent of the population growth by 2026 and have already achieved replacement levels of fertility with two children per woman .
Enforcement of the legal age of marriage —
The Challenge ahead :
Marriage take place very early particularly in rural India .
Later marriages will do more to stabilise India ’s population momentum than any other measure .
In rural areas 60 to 70 % of the women are married by 18 particularly in states like Bihar , Jharkhand .
Rajasthan .
Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh .
The percentages are as low as 20 % among rural girls of Kerala and Himachal Pradesh where girls continue to study and get married at a later age .
This shows that over time , change is possible but the challenge lies in focusing on the age of marriage which has a direct relationship with the mother ’s and child ’s health .
Very early child bearing and an absence of spacing increase risks to mother and child .
Teenage pregnancies are the cause of a high number of maternal deaths .
Repeated pregnancies increase the risk of death and disability to both mother and child .
Apart from the Hindi belt states . , Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal also stand out as examples of states where the marriages before the legal age are unusually high .
The Jansankhya Sthirata Kosh , ( JSK ) also called the National Population Stabilisation Fund has started implementing a strategy in districts where the prevaicnce of the practice of early marriages is exceptionally high by giving awards and financial rewards for girls to marry after 19 , where the first birth this when the girl ’s 21 years old and the second after she is 24 years old .
These are all responsible parenting practices .
Role models from the community have been showcased at public functions emphasizing why it is necessary for the girl to be in good health at the time of pregnancy and childbirth .
To give a positive example , Himachal Pradesh placed strong emphasis on the enforcement of the legal age of marriage and simultaneously encouraged girls to stay in school .
It has the lowcst percentage of boys and girls married before the legal age .
School retention is also far higher than the rest of the country with ( be exception of Kerala .
That is the model that would work in the northern states but ii requires a new focus which is completely absent at present .
Need of Registration of Marriage –
Legal and Social aspect :
The only way that this can he enforced is by making the registration of marriages compulsory and at that time documentary proof of to be shown about the age of the girl and boy .
The Supreme Court order : On 25th October 2007 the Apex Court directed that all marriages should be registered .
It was reiterated by the Supreme Court that marriage should be compulsorily registered ‘ sin respect of persons who are citizens of India even if they belong to various religions . ’
The Rajya Sabha Committee on Petitions recently in its Hundred and Thirty - Fifth Report 2009 on Introduction of Sex Education in Schools included the following recommendation :
“ Students should be made aware qf the marriageable age which is 21 years in the case of boys and 18 in the case of girls …. .
Students should also be made aware that child marriage is illegal and is injurious i’o the health of the girl child ”
Major factors that impact on population stabilisation :
Three factors impact upon population growth and are intrinsically linked ,
The first is maternal mortality which refers to a woman ’s death linked to pregnancy having a direct impact upon population stabilisation because that determines how far a newborn child will receive care during infancy .
If mothers die , children are bound to be neglected .
Therefore institutional deliveries are being given a lot of emphasis .
The good news is that there has been a huge response to the Governments Janani Suraksha Yojana ( JSY ) and the number of women who have availed of hospital delivery facilities has increased from 29 lakhs to 73 lakhs during 2007 - 08 .
Unless maternal mortality reduces it would be difficult to ensure child survival .
This leads to a vicious cycle of having several children to compensate for the ones that die .
Maternal Mortality ( MMR ) – The Challenges Ahead :
Within the country there are huge disparities in maternal mortality .
The latest figures show a huge improvement over the past .
All - India MMR having fallen from 301 in 200 l - 0.3 to 254 in 2004 - 05 .
Although the southern states of Tamil Nadu and Kerala have fared comparatively well , still , their maternal mortality levels are far higher than those of neighboring Sri Lanka and China .
The positive development is that hospital deliveries have increased by more than 40 % in the Hindi belt states which are now poised to register lower MMR .
That in turn wifl impact very positively on population siabilisation as both mother and children will receive institutional care , also essential to deal with obstetric complications .
Infant Mortality – The Challenges Ahead :
High Infant Mortality Rate ( JMR ) is the second significant factor that impacts on population stabilization , as parents continue to have several children because they know that some will die .
Infant deaths refer to children who die before reaching their first birthday .
Among infant deaths , IMR is higher in rural areas and excessively so when the mother ’s age is less than 20 .
If the birth interval is less than two years the IMR escalates hugely .
The challenge lies in reducing infant mortality and for that two critical factors are the mother ’s indifferent health and lack of spacing between children .
Family planning – challenges in meeting the unmet demand for contraception :
The third aspect is improving access to contraceptive products and services .
More than half India ’s population is in the reproductive age group and only half are using contraceptives .
In this we are far behind neighbouring countries like Indonesia .
Sri Lanka and Thailand .
Sterilisation is the most common method of limiting families but nearly 96 % of all sterilisations were until recently carried out only on women with hardly 1 % on men .
In the last two years numerous steps have been taken to offer a range of contraceptives and to upgrade the skills of the medical and paramedical workers responsible for providing family planning services .
Fixed day services are being widely publicised and there is a revival of interest in male sterilisation .
Compensation money for undergoing sterilisation operations has also been increased and private providers have been encouraged to join in family planning activities with a tee for procedures carried out .
As a result of these initiatives , vasectomies ( male sterilization ) have registered a huge increase which had been declining up to 2007 .
The increase was 84 % increase last year and this year it has crossed 24 % increase in the first six months of the year .
Overall the total sterilization figures ( male and female ) have gone up significantly .
In the entire 1 - Hindi belt States except Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh the performance has increased appreciably over the last three years .
This is a reversal of past trends and the emphasis on family planning given by these states is a very positive sign .
Conclusion
India ’s population growth rate has been declining over the years but the overall population will continue to grow as more than half the people are in the reproductive age group and more will join this group each year .
With only half of them using contraceptives , it may take several decades more to achieve the goal of achieving planned families which is a necessary requirement for sustainability .
India ’s maternal and infant mortality levels are very high and repeated childbirths are seen as an insurance against multiple infant and child deaths .
Vast numbers of people cannot avail of services even when they are available , due to problems of knowledge and access .
The progress in the last two years has been remarkable , which gives the hope that the importance of population stabilization has been recognized by people themselves .
This has now to be sustained and accelerated particularly in the Hindi belt states where fertility Levels are very high .
Many of the factors that impact upon population momentum are cultural in nature .
Attitudes to early marriages , expectations about early childbearing , and disregard for the need for spacing between children need to be altered .
Low female literacy impacts adversely on safe motherhood and the maternal care that their children receive .
Additionally a strong son preference leads to negative feelings towards girls and results in pre-natal sex determination and elimination of the female foetus .
All these issues require that civil society fully understands the importance of driving change .
Within civil society , political representatives , the media and religious leaders can play the most influential role .
President Obama recently called the massive oil slick spreading in the Gulf of Mexico a " potentially unprecedented environmental disaster . "
The situation is so dire , comparisons to Hurricane Katrina have become commonplace .
To get a sense of the magnitude of the spill 's damage and cost — and how much worse it could get — here are some salient facts and figures :
11 million
Size in gallons of the Exxon Valdez oil spill — until now , the worst in U.S. history
12.2 million
Size , in gallons , of the BP spill as of May 1 , according to one estimate from an oceanography professor at Florida State University
90
Days it will take to cap the leak , according to many estimates
1 of 3
Number of leaks patched , as of May 6
100
Weight , in tons , of the four - story concrete - and - steel bell BP is deploying to stop one of the larger leaks
1 million
Gallons per day of oil currently leaking from the sunken BP rig , according to industry insiders
94 million
Ultimate size of spill , in gallons , if that rate continues for 90 days
6.8 million
Gallons per day BP predicts could begin gushing out of the well in the " worst - case scenario " of a complete " blowout " at the sunken rig
378 million
Total spill size , in gallons , if this " worst case scenario " leak rate were to continue for 90 days — or 34 times the size of the Valdez spill
400
Animal species put in harm 's way by the spill
29
Dead sea turtles already found washed up on shore
1,050
Estimated size of the oil slick , in square miles , on April 29
2,000
Estimated size of the oil slick , in square miles , on May 5 ( the latest such estimate )
7,000
Square miles of federal fishing areas in the Gulf that have been closed due to the slick
75
Percentage of U.S. shrimp production that comes from the Gulf Coast
$ 75 million
Limit on what companies have to pay to cover damage from oil spills ( if they 're not at fault ) , under federal rules
$ 10 billion
The new liability limit under the proposed " Big Oil Bailout Prevention Act " in Congress
$ 7 billion
Cost of the Exxon Valdez spill
$ 14 billion
Current estimated cost of the BP spill
$ 300 + billion
Estimated cost of the spill in a worst - case scenario , according to a top financial analyst
$ 20 billion
BP 's loss in market value , following a 13 percent plunge in its stock price
$ 163 billion
BP 's total profits between 2001 and 2009
$ 6 million
Amount BP has been spending per day on the spill
7,900
Number of people directly involved in the effort to stop the leak and contain the damage , as of May 5
79
Number of ships and other seafaring vessels involved
5,000
Depth , in feet , of the wellhead and the sunken rig
18,000
Depth , in feet , of the oil reservoir
30,000
The number of other oil wells in the Gulf , according to Interior Secretary Ken Salazar
( This story was last updated on May 6 )
Sources : Reuters , AP ( 2 , 3 ) , Wikipedia , Washington Post , New York Times , L.A. Times , AP , KWTX , CNNMoney , CNN , Denver Post
SVG filters in HTML
In modern browsers there ’s lots of functionality that ’s rarely used , because it ’s either hard to understand and / or hard to use .
One such thing is SVG , and especially filters .
For use on the web they were too unreliable in the past and most importantly , they required you to use SVG ( although you could link your original HTML back in through use of foreignObject ) .
Well , no more .
With Firefox 3.5 we get stable filters support ( at least nothing ’s missing that I wanted to use ) and we can now use them in our HTML through CSS .
But there ’s still a problem with the documentation .
Try to type a filter name into Google , like “ feDisplacementMap ” and you get not even 3000 results .
And two thirds of those are either bug reports for engines implementing them or pages trying to sum up the spec .
The spec itself is also often hard to understand and in desperate need of some clarification and more complex examples .
So I ’m going to do my share about it and explain a bit about the before mentioned feDisplacementMap and how to use it to do cool stuff .
Let ’s look at the cool demo first
If you just came here because somebody who linked here mentioned Mario Kart , I think I should have the decency to give you a link to the demo straight away .
Go here .
But be aware that this is not actually a game , just a demo showing what you can do with feDisplacementMap .
There ’s no colission detection , no enemies , no goals .
All the rendering is done through an SVG filter , except the controls and the initial 2D transformation , which is done with Canvas ( however you can also do this with pure SVG as well like I did here , it ’s just a bit faster with Canvas ) .
If you want to know how it ’s done and how you can use the same technique to do other cool effects , read on .
What ’s fedisplacementMap and why should you care ?
feDisplacementMap is an SVG filter for pixel mapping .
Basically you provide a source image and a map which pixel goes where and that ’s it .
And if you have to warp pixels around there ’s nothing you can do in a browser that would be faster .
It ’s also probably the most versatile filter you ’ll find in SVG .
What you can do with it
Basically everything where you have to transform different images the same way over and over again .
That could be anything , like a lense effect , mirroring , or a perspective deformation .
How it works
The first little thing to look out for is that the displacement filter does not actually allow you to “ push ” pixels around .
If it did that then you ’d typically end up with a lot of empty spots because nothing was pushed there and the color that was initially there was pushed away .
Instead , it works the other way around : Each pixel contains information which pixel of the source image it should show .
using the distance to the current pixel to specify it .
In other words , each pixel of the map contains an instruction like “ show the pixel from the source image that ’s 12 pixels to the left and 4 pixels up from the current one ” , not “ move this pixel 12 pixels to the right and 4 pixels down ” .
It ’s a subtle difference , but one you should be aware of .
Turning the raw offsets into a displacement map
This information is encoded into a color in order to save the displacement map as an image .
The encoding is actually quite simple .
The distance to the source pixels is split into an X distance and a Y distance .
That distance is then spread across the color range ( 0 - 255 ) where 0 means a lot ( we ’ll talk about how much in a second ) to the left / up and 255 a lot to the right / down .
Then each one is saved to a color channel , for example red for X and green for Y ( you can later specify in the filter which channel you used for what ) .
The actual distance is lateron calculated in the filter by multiplying the color value with a multiplier you specify , so how long the distance to the source pixel actually is depends on what multiplier you use .
Set it to 255 and you ’ll mostly get what you expect ( 0 meaning 127 to the left / up and 255 to the right / down ) .
Things to watch out for
There are mainly two things that can cause you a lot of headaches if you ’re not aware of them :
SVG by default uses a strange colorspace that will lead to unexpected results .
Why they did that when they wrote SVG I ’ll never understand , sufficient to say that you better set the colorspace to sRGB if you want to retain your sanity .
The source image is n’t automatically wrapped , so if your displacement map pulls in a pixel that is outside the source image , it will appear transparent .
The good stuff : absolute mapping
The thing that limits feDisplacementMap most is that it can only use relative offsets .
There is no way to say that you want the pixel at 10,12 to appear at a certain point , just the one 3 pixels to the left and 2 pixels up … but with a little trickery you can still do it :
The trick is to tile the source image so that every pixel is in the reach of every target pixel .
In other words : resize it to 256×256 and tile it across the size of your destination surface .
Then all you have to do is substract the current position from each absolute position you have in your mapping and finally put it into 0 - 255 range ( modulo 256 ) .
Adding filters to your HTML
Applying a filter is really easy in Firefox 3.5 .
Just add a filter CSS rule to any element , like this :
filter:url( #myFilterId ) ;
Specifying the actual filter is a bit more difficult , but still doable .
You can either put it into a separate SVG and link it in with
filter:url( mySvgFilters.svg#myFilterId ) ;
or , if you want to add it inline , you have to include the SVG namespace in your HTML declaration and add a SVG element to your body .
You ’ll have to put “ svg : ” in front of the SVG elements to tell the browser that it ’s not some unknown HTML element , but a SVG element instead .
< html xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml " xmlns:svg= " http://www.w3.org/2000/svg " xmlns:xlink = " http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink " > < body > < svg:svg height = " 0 " >
</ svg:svg > </ body > </html >
Chose whichever way you want , as long as you ’ve got the filter inside a SVG element somewhere , you ’ll be fine .
Now , for the actual filter .
This will add a filter with sane settings .
< svg : filter id =" myFilterId " color - interpolation - filters = " sRGB " filterUnits=" userSpaceOnUse " x= " 0 " y= " 0 " width = " 768 " height = " 512 " > </ svg:filter >
That ’s an awful lot of strange settings I know , but you ’ll get the hang of it :
color - interpolation - filters = ” sRGB ” makes sure that the filter will use normal RGB colors instead of some other strange format .
filterUnits=” userSpaceOnUse ” tells the filter to use pixels as default unit which usually is a lot easier to understand .
You can still use percentages like “ 100 % ” but pixels will be the default unit .
x= ” 0 ″ y= ” 0 ″ width = ” 768 ″ height = ” 512 ″ specify the dimensions .
Naturally , this should fit your element ’s dimensions .
Make sure to not forget the x/y declaration , because otherwise the filter will default to a position of - 10 % , - 10 % .
id=” myFilterId ” I think this is pretty self - explanatory .
Writing a filter
A filter consists of one or more filter operations , which are basically mini-filters that do simple operations like bluring .
A filter combines these operations into one big processing chain .
The basic format for a single operation is always like this :
< svg:feSomeOperation in =” someInput ” result=” someOutput ” x= ” 0 ″ y= ” 0 ″ width = ” 256 ″ height = ” 256 ″ />
If an operation takes an input , you can specify an “ in ” attribute ( some operations also need a second input , in which case you also specify an “ in2 ” attribute ) .
If you do n’t specify it , the operation will simply use the output from the previous one .
There are also some special inputs like SourceGraphic , which contains an image of the element to which the filter was applied .
If you want to reuse the output and not just use it directly afterwards by not specifying an “ in ” attribute , you have to provide a “ result ” attribute .
Just give it any name and you ’ll be able to reuse the output by specifying it as another operation ’s “ in ” attribute .
And lastly you need to specify the rectangle to which the filter is applied .
That ’s pretty much it .
So let ’s look at an actual filter , like the one I used in the Mario Kart demo .
The Perspective Texturing Demo filter
Note that the element that you apply the filter to should be 256 pixels bigger ( on each axis ) than the output .
This is necessary so that the displacement at the very edge can reach “ beyond ” the souce image .
< svg:feOffset width = " 256 " height = " 256 " />
First we need to crop the image .
We only want the top - left 256×256 image .
feOffset filters are actually meant to move the image around , but since we did n’t specify any offsets via the “ dx ” / ” dy ” attributes , it will just crop the image to the given dimensions .
< svg:feTile width = " 100 % " height = " 100 % " result = " source " />
Now we create an image the size of our element which is filled with the output from our previous cropping operation .
The next operation will deal with the actual displacement map , so we ’ll have to save the output as “ source ” .
< svg:feImage x =" 128 " y= " 128 " width = " 512 " height = " 256 " xlink : href= " fdisplacement512.png " result = " displacement " / >
Then we load the actual displacement map .
Since the displacement can go 128 pixels to the top / left and 128 pixels to the right / bottom , this should be 256 pixels smaller than our element and placed at 128,128 .
That way no displacement will reach outside of the source image .
< svg:feDisplacementMap x =" 128 " y= " 128 " width = " 512 " height = " 256 " color - interpolation - filters = " sRGB " in =" source " in2 =" displacement " scale = " 255 " xChannelSelector= " R " yChannelSelector= " G " result = " out " />
This is the actual displacement .
Nothing special here , except that we set the scale to 255 to get a mapping where a color difference of 1 actual means a one pixel shift .
< svg:feComposite in2 =" displacement " operator= " in " />
The composite filter is used to apply the alpha map of the displacement map to the final image .
< svg:feOffset x= " 0 " y= " 0 " width = " 512 " height = " 256 " dx= " - 128 " dy= " - 128 " />
Since we placed our displacement map at 128,128 we have to move it back to 0,0
How to create the an absolute map with your favourite image editing application
Step one : Creating the neutral image .
The neutral image simply maps each pixel to the same one in the source image .
It ’s want you always start with and it never changes .
You can simply use this image , but if you want to create it yourself ( which is a good idea if your image editor supports more than 8 bit per channel , since you can use dithering to create a bilinear - filtering like effect ) , here ’s how to do it .
Just fire up your favorite photo editor and create two grayscale images with the dimensions that you want the output to be : Fill both with a gradient from black to white .
One vertically , one horizontally .
Also create a solid black image with the same dimensions .
Then combine them into one color image with each grayscale image being one color .
For example you could make the horizontal one red and the vertical one green .
If you now check the colors and positions in the image they should match .
The pixel at x:10 % , y:20 % should have the color red:10 % , green:20 % , blue:0 % .
Step two : Deforming the image .
You can use any deformation filter you want .
Obviously , for the demo I used the perspective deformation tool , but you can use anything that does n’t alter the color of the image , like lens , wave , barrel deformations .
Step three : Changing the absolute source values to relative values .
That one is a little more complicated .
Since feDisplacementMap does n’t really allow you to map a source pixel directly to a target pixel we have to subtract the position of the pixel to convert the absolute position we have so far into a relative position .
So basically , you have to load the image we created into something that can run a bit of code on each pixel and run something like the following code on each ( you can just save this script and exchange the source image path for yours ) :
offsetInRgbaArray=(currentY*width+currentX ) * 4 ; absoluteSourceX=mapImage[offsetInRgbaArray+0 ] ; absoluteSourceY=mapImage[offsetInRgbaArray+1 ] ; sourceAlpha=mapImage[offsetInRgbaArray+3 ] ; if ( sourceAlpha>254 ) { mapImage[offsetInRgbaArray+0 ]=( absoluteSourceX-currentX+16384 ) %256 ; mapImage[offsetInRgbaArray+1]=( absoluteSourceY-currentY+16384 ) %256 ; mapImage[offsetInRgbaArray+2]=0 ; mapImage[offsetInRgbaArray+3] =255 ; }
And that ’s it .
Try every transformation you can think of , like a lens deformation to create a globe that you can travel .
Strain Name : Island Maui Haze
Grade : A-
Type : Sativa
Looks :
All of the nugs on this strain are very small but i am told there are usually a lot of them on one plant .
They are small but extremely dense .
Bright orange hairs cover the nug completely with very few but large crystals .
Each nug looks like Parmesan cheese was sprinkled on it .
The nug is a dark green .
Smell :
The smell is identical to bleach and quite honestly thats all thats there is just a reaking ammonia like smell .
Taste :
The taste is complex with flavors ranging from sour to earthy , and vanilla like mixed with a skunky bleach like taste .
The taste is very strong in the beginning and when you exhale there is a harsh lack of taste that makes you want to cough .
Effects :
This one is a creeper .
The initial hit lack in feeling but a couple more then i began to feel extremely creative .
This sativa is probably the purest i have felt in awhile ,
It was very up and motivating , and it really made you concentrate on any task at hand .
I usually like Indicas more but i love this strain because it helps pain without couchlocking but also not too light so you did n’t feel it .
Potency : 1-1.5 hrs
Reviewed by : Str8bongin
Administrators at a California high school sent five students home on Wednesday after they refused to remove their American flag T - shirts and bandannas -- garments the school officials deemed " incendiary " on Cinco de Mayo .
The five teens were sitting at a table outside Live Oak High School in Morgan Hill , Calif. , on Wednesday morning when Assistant Principal Miguel Rodriguez asked two of them to remove their American flag bandannas , one of their parents told FoxNews.com .
The boys complied , but were asked to accompany Rodriguez to the principal 's office .
The five students -- Daniel Galli , Austin Carvalho , Matt Dariano , Dominic Maciel and Clayton Howard -- were then told they must turn their T - shirts inside - out or be sent home , though it would not be considered a suspension .
Rodriguez told the students he did not want any fights to break out between Mexican - American students celebrating their heritage and those wearing American flags .
Dariano's mother , Diana , told FoxNews.com she and parents of the other four students are now demanding an apology from officials and are considering a lawsuit .
" We want an apology , " Diana Dariano said Thursday .
" Who in the United States of America would have an issue with that ?
It 's a sad , sad day . "
Dariano said her son has at least four T - shirts with American flags that he wears often and did not try to cause any conflict at school .
" I 'm more hurt than anything , " she said .
" It is so hurtful and disrespectful the way this has turned .
These are American kids . "
The boys told Rodriguez and Principal Nick Boden that turning their shirts inside - out was disrespectful , so their parents decided to take them home .
" I just could n't believe it , " Julie Fagerstrom , Maciel 's mother , told the Morgan Hill Times .
" I 'm an open - minded parent , but it 's got to be on both sides .
It ca n't be five kids singled out . "
Galli told NBC Bay Area , " They said we could wear it on any other day , but today is sensitive to Mexican - Americans because it 's supposed to be their holiday so we were not allowed to wear it . "
In a statement released Thursday , Morgan Hill Unified School District Superintendent Wesley Smith characterized the incident as " extremely unfortunate " and said the matter is under investigation .
" The Morgan Hill Unified School District does not prohibit nor do we discourage wearing patriotic clothing , " Smith 's statement read .
" The incident on May 5 at Live Oak High School is extremely unfortunate .
While campus safety is our primary concern and administrators made decisions yesterday in an attempt to ensure campus safety , students should not , and will not , be disciplined for wearing patriotic clothing .
This matter is under investigation and appropriate action will be taken . "
Officials at Live Oak High School did not return several messages seeking comment on Thursday .
A secretary told the Morgan Hill Times that Boden and Rodriguez were unavailable for comment on Wednesday .
According to its website , Live Oak High School is a 1,300 - student institution in the southern part of Santa Clara County , with most students residing in the nearby cities of Morgan Hill and San Jose .
" The student population reflects the rich ethnic and socioeconomic diversity of the community , " the website reads .
More than 100 students were spotted wearing the colors of the Mexican flag -- red , white and green -- as they left school , including some who had the flag painted on their faces or arms , the Morgan Hill times reported .
While bandannas of any color are banned at the school , its dress code policy does not contain references to American flags .
" However , any clothing or decoration which detracts from the learning environment is prohibited , " the policy reads .
" The school has the right to request that any student dressing inappropriately for school will change into other clothes , be sent home to change , and / or be subject to disciplinary action . "
Freshman Laura Ponce , who had a Mexican flag painted on her face and chest , told the Morgan Hill Times that Cinco de Mayo is the " only day " Mexican - American students can show their national pride .
" There was a lot of drama going on today , " Ponce told the newspaper .
Some other Mexican - American students reportedly said their flags were taken away or asked to be put away , but no other students were sent home on Wednesday .
Eugene Volokh , a professor of law at the University of California - Los Angeles , said the students are protected under California Education Code 48950 , which prohibits schools from enforcing a rule subjecting a high school student to disciplinary sanctions solely on the basis of conduct , that when engaged outside of campus , is protected by the First Amendment .
If the school could point to previous incidents sparked by students who wore garments with American flags , they could argue that the flag is likely to lead to " substantial disruption , " Volokh said .
" If , for example , there had been fights over similar things at past events , if there had been specific threats made , " he said .
" But if [ school officials ] just say , ' Well , we think it might be offensive to people , ' that 's generally speaking not enough . "
Volokh said the students and their parents likely have a winning case on their hands if they decide to take the matter to court .
" Oh yes , it 's almost open and shut , " he said .
Lis Wiehl , a former federal prosecutor and a Fox News legal analyst , said the incident appears to a " blatant " violation of the students '
First Amendment right to free speech .
She noted that inciting violence is an exception to a First Amendment legal defense , but Wiehl said she saw no indications that the students provoked anyone .
" Unless I 'm missing something , this seems like a blatant violation of the First Amendment , " said Wiehl , adding that uniforms are not required at the public school .
" And they 're wearing , of all horrific things , the American flag . "
ATHENS —
On a recent summer night , Pyrros Falekas took a break from his restaurant job to stop by Parko Navarinou , near the heart of the lively middle - class Athens neighborhood of Exarcheia , a breeding ground for generations of student activists , anarchists and other rebel souls .
On this night , however , there were no firebombs or impassioned speeches .
Like Exarcheia itself , it seems , the country ’s rebel spirit has seen better days , struggling to find its voice against its latest foe : harsh government austerity measures intended to keep Greece from going bankrupt .
“ Greeks are unhappy because they ’re so attached to the state , and now the state is falling apart , ” said Mr. Falekas , 31 , an Exarcheia resident and activist .
“ It ’s hard to see the enemy , and it ’s hard to energize people , even the most determined among us . ”
Indeed , the park was the picture of tranquility , with people playing backgammon , showing modernist paintings and — of course — dissecting the collectivist anarchist philosophy of Mikhail Bakunin .
Children played on swings , and a paunchy D.J. streamed songs by Nikos Xylouris , who sang with student activists at the National Technical University of Athens , the scene of a bloody confrontation with the government nearly 37 years ago .
Red Army Man A RED ARMY MAN : This Red Army man wears a typical Red Army field uniform .
He is a private , but the salient uniform characteristics illustrated are common to field uniforms of all ranks up to general officer grade .
The line - up of decorations on his breast shows how these important awards appear when worn .
Source : Our Red Army Ally , War Department Pamphlet No. 21-30 .
Is China another real estate bubble ?
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
It may be the world 's last real estate bubble , one that is still inflating rapidly .
And its end could become the " pop " heard ' round the world .
A growing number of economists are worried that a bubble in Chinese real estate has the potential to rattle the world economy that is still struggling to recover from the shock of 2008 's global meltdown .
Soaring real estate prices in China 's coastal cities , with prices rising as much as 50 % a year , have lifted some rents to levels comparable to Manhattan and driven a building boom of luxury apartments and office space many fear far outstrips demand .
" China is clearly in an asset bubble .
It 's almost like it did n't learn its lesson , " said Nariman Behravesh , chief economist for IHS Global Insight .
That rapid growth in real estate has led to 10 % annual economic growth in China .
Among the world 's major economies , China is alone in surging at a blistering pace -- a nearly 12 % growth rate in the first quarter of 2010 .
And when the bubble bursts , naysayers warn , the results could be felt far outside China 's borders .
Developed economies like Germany , Japan and the United States have become more dependent on China 's consumer spending and growing middle class .
If that growth is wiped out by a bubble bursting there , a major driver in global economic growth will vanish .
" There are so many economies that are benefiting from rapid growth of exports to China , " said China expert John Makin , a visiting scholar at the American Enterprise Institute .
" If that were to suddenly slow , that 's a big impact .
If they handle it badly , it has the potential to even risk a global double dip recession .
I do n't think that will happen , but China 's record in the area is not great . "
Fear of the unknown
Those worried about the bubble say if China 's real estate boom disappears , so will the economic growth that the world has been counting on .
" The problem is the housing they 're building is not the housing they need .
They 're building luxury high rises the masses can't afford , " said short seller Jim Chanos , the head of Kynikos Associates hedge fund and one of the most prominent bears about the future of the Chinese economy .
" When it pops , there 's clearly going to be knock - on effects we can't see right now . "
While China 's government limits foreign banks from doing business there , a lack of transparency in the Chinese banking system has led to plenty of debate about the extent to which foreign banks are invested there .
" I think the limits on their market access are actually helpful in this case , but [ big western banks ] will find ways around them , " said Simon Johnson , a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a former chief economist for the International Monetary Fund .
" Our banks , when they get into trouble , will have to be bailed out again , and that 'll be enormously costly . "
While there 's a growing consensus that there is a real estate bubble in China , not all are worried about ripple effects .
Some economists like Behravesh believe that the impact on the United States and Europe will be relatively minimal .
Chanos believes that countries with economies heavily dependent on exporting commodities to China , like Australia and Brazil , are far more at risk than the developed economies in North America and Europe .
Smoke and mirrors
There are economists who are n't worried about a bubble in Chinese real estate .
They argue that China 's central government is better positioned to deflate a bubble than were the western economies that ignored signs of real estate bubbles in their own countries .
" You can obviously find some parts of China that frothed up at the end of last year into this year , " said Anthony Michael , head of Asian fixed income for Aberdeen Asset Management .
" But the Chinese government knows this .
They 're not sitting around doing nothing .
They 're already telling banks not to lend in cities that are involved in excess development . "
Michael also argues that the Chinese real estate boom has taken place with only a fraction of the level of borrowing that occurred in the United States and other western economies , where buyers were borrowing 100 % or more of the property 's value .
But Chanos and other critics counter that the level of borrowing fueling the Chinese real estate market is far greater than is widely reported .
And he says China 's real estate bubble could not have grown without the approval of China 's government , and that a command economy like China is actually more susceptible to bubbles than a market economy .
" The Soviet Union grew well above U.S. growth rates for 20 to 30 years after World War II , " said Chanos .
" It was a phony growth , capital projects that proved to be very inefficient . "
Poker players investigating Cereus ?
This time around it ’s a confirmed security hole on the network uncovered by PokerTableRatings .
The Cereus Network ( Absolute / Ultimate Bet ) took one on the chin this week , with news of a potentially serious security flaw that would allow intruders access to user ’s accounts and the contents of their hole cards .
There have been , at this point , no confirmed cases of the exploit being used to hack a user ’s account for any purposes .
That said , the general sense is that playing on the network until a solution has been found , especially on a public connection , is ill - advised .
News of the leak first appeared yesterday on PokerTableRatings .
Here ’s the summary provided by PTR :
In summary , there is a critical vulnerability in the Cereus Network software which makes it possible for an attacker to hijack poker accounts and view hole cards .
The only 100 % protection is to stop playing on Cereus Network until they upgrade to using SSL .
To our knowledge there are no cases of this vulnerability being used to exploit actual players .
PokerTableRatings.com created test accounts for all proof of concept testing done during the discovery of this vulnerability .
We do not have passwords to any unauthorized user accounts .
The Cereus Network has been notified of this vulnerability .
We will continue to report on this as it develops .
Link to the entire article
View the exploit in living color :
If you ’re wondering exactly how vulnerable you might be , the basic relationship is that the more public and unsecured your connection is , the more vulnerable you are .
If you ’re playing on a public connection ( think shared wireless in a dorm ) , you ’re at the riskier end of the scale ; if you ’re connected directly to your network via ye ole ethernet cable , then you ’re about as safe as you can be .
Cereus has acknowledged the issue , with a response sent to PTR from Paul Leggett
( COO of Cereus parent company Tokwiro Enterprises ) :
Hi Dameon ,
We really truly appreciate the email you have sent us regarding the vulnerability in our encryption .
I just became aware of your article 30 minutes ago and I have read your article and watched the video .
I think you have done a great thing for the poker community by emailing us and letting the community know about it .
Thank you for that .
I would also like to express how seriously we take this issue .
I ’m expecting to have a solution in place in a matter of hours and I would really like to discuss engaging your company to help us test the solution , if your company provides such services .
I would greatly appreciate it , if you could paste the contents of this email on your website , so your followers are assured that we are aware of the issue and we are working diligently to address it .
I would also like to emphasize to your readers that this issue would require someone to have access to their local network and also have the technical capabilities to crack our encryption in order to gain access to the player data and see the clear text like you did in your demonstration .
Again , I greatly appreciate you notifying us and the poker community and we will investigate this fully and completely and fix the problem immediately .
Regards , Paul Leggett
COO , Tokwiro Enterprises
A day after the response , there ’s no update from PTR or Cereus regarding a solution ; we ’ll keep you posted as the story develops .
This clip chosen to be G
This clip describes the strain placed on Melbourne ’s public and private transport systems by its large population and busy city centre ; the proposed Melbourne Underground Rail Loop to extend the current rail system ; and the planning , design and construction taking place on the perimeters of the city district to relieve some of the congestion in the CBD .
It includes documentary footage of the bustling city , with Melburnians commuting to work by car , train , tram and foot ; an animated illustration of the city loop stations ; and scenes of the initial construction work to build the new infrastructure .
An explanatory voice - over narration is used throughout the clip .
Thanks to the generosity of the rights holders , we are able to offer Melbourne underground loop from the sponsored film Action Loop as a high quality video download .
To play the downloadable video , you need QuickTime 7.0 , VLC , or similar .
You must read and agree to the following terms and conditions before downloading the clip :
australianscreen is produced by the National Film and Sound Archive .
By using the website you agree to comply with the terms and conditions described elsewhere on this site .
The NFSA may amend the ' Conditions of Use ’ from time to time without notice .
All materials on the site , including but not limited to text , video clips , audio clips , designs , logos , illustrations and still images , are protected by the Copyright Laws of Australia and international conventions .
When you access australianscreen you agree that :
You may retrieve materials for information only .
You may download materials for your personal use or for non-commercial educational purposes , but you must not publish them elsewhere or redistribute clips in any way .
You may embed the clip for non-commercial educational purposes including for use on a school intranet site or a school resource catalogue .
The National Film and Sound Archive ’s permission must be sought to amend any information in the materials , unless otherwise stated in notices throughout the Site .
All other rights reserved .
ANY UNAUTHORISED USE OF MATERIAL ON THIS SITE MAY RESULT IN CIVIL AND CRIMINAL LIABILITY .
This article is by Mark Mazzetti , Sabrina Tavernise and Jack Healy .
A Pakistani-American man arrested in the failed Times Square car bombing has admitted his role in the attempted attack and said he received explosives training in Pakistan , the authorities said Tuesday .
The man , Faisal Shahzad , 30 , was arrested as he tried to flee the country in a Dubai - bound jet late Monday .
Hours later , there were reports that seven or eight people had been arrested in Pakistan , as officials in both countries sought to determine the origins and scope of the plot .
Mr. Shahzad was charged on Tuesday with several terrorism - related crimes .
American intelligence officials said that while any ties Mr. Shahzad had to international terrorist groups remained murky , investigators were strongly looking at possible links to the Pakistani Taliban in the attempted attack on Saturday .
If the role is confirmed , it would be the group ’s first effort to attack the United States and the first sign of the group ’s ability to strike targets beyond Pakistan or Afghanistan .
Whybin TBWA Australia and The Sydney International Food Festival cooked up a clever way to promote last year ’s fest — they used iconic foods from the participating countries to recreate their flags .
From the green - white - red of basil - spaghetti-tomatoes to the orange - white - green of tikka masala - rice - saag , the results are both appetizing and a little reminiscent of middle - school geography class .
Which brings us to our challenge : Can you correctly identify these 12 culinary flags ?
Japan
Italy
Spain
India
South Korea
France
Vietnam
Switzerland
Greece
Lebanon
Australia
Brazil
Mouse over the blacked out area for the answer .
[ via TrendLand ]
Brazil 's green and yellow - clad football team touched down in South Africa this morning with their eyes set on a record sixth World Cup victory .
But another Brazilian delegation is also on its way to the tournament with a very different goal in mind : hundreds of Brazilian evangelists determined to use the competition to convert , preach and bolster their churches ' flocks on the continent .
Missionaries see the competition as a chance to win over souls from across the globe , but Brazilian preachers say they have identified one prime target : North Korean fans .
North Korea , whose last World Cup appearance was in 1966 , is joined in Group G by Brazil , the Ivory Coast and Portugal .
Pastor Marcos Grava Vasconcelos , a handball player turned evangelist who is leading a group of 200 Baptists to South Africa to carry out missionary work during the World Cup , said his congregation had prayed for North Korea to qualify and be placed in the same group as Brazil so they could focus on fans from that country .
" We were praying for North Korea to qualify and when we found out they [ the North Koreans ] would be playing in the same city as Brazil we glorified God for the opportunity to announce to their fans the message of Jesus , " said Vasconcelos , who also preached at the 2008 Beijing Olympics .
Pastor David Botelho , of the missionary group Missão Horizontes , said such events were unique opportunities for preachers .
North Korea was " a champion in the persecution of Christianity , " he said .
" There will be many tourists there from countries which are closed off to the word of God and who we could n't reach any other way , " Botelho told the Brazilian evangelical magazine Eclésia .
Brazil 's evangelical community of Pentecostals , Baptists and other denominations has ballooned since the early 1980s , with at least 26 million followers out of a population of 193 million .
Brazilian churches boast TV programmes and radio shows across South America and Europe as well as in African countries such as Angola , Mozambique and South Africa .
Nor has the evangelical revolution been lost on the country 's footballers .
At least four members of Brazil 's team – Kaka , Lucio , Luisão and Felipe Melo — are evangelicals who reportedly hold Bible readings following training sessions .
The separation between church and sport has become an increasingly sensitive issue in Brazil , however .
Last year Fifa wrote a warning letter to Brazil 's football association , the CBF , after Brazilian players appeared at the Confederations Cup final with shirts reading " I belong to Jesus " and " I love God " .
Fifa rules outlaw the use of clothing carrying " political , religious or personal statements " .
Brazilian evangelists in search of North Korean souls may be disappointed .
Travel restrictions imposed by Pyongyang 's secretive regime mean that , apart from a select group of government officials , few North Koreans are likely to witness their team 's second ever World Cup appearance .
According to a report by the Chinese news agency Xinhua , North Korean officials in Beijing have been attempting to recruit 1,000 Chinese fans to cheer for their team against Brazil when the two teams meet in Johannesburg on 15 June .
Epic Fail
Who would stand and laugh at a helpless turtle you ask ?
People who actually pronounce " lol " .
Alt - Text : I hold you responsible for this kind of behavior , internet .
I ’ve been making a fair few forms with the Laravel form - builder using model - binding .
A few times I ’ve had to make the user select a value for a one - to - many relation .
What ’s the problem with model - binding and select - boxes ?
In this example we ’ll go with the status for a key ( ‘ on loan ’ , ’ at home ’ , or ‘ broken ’ ) .
The natural choice is a select - box , where the current state should already be chosen if we are editing the key .
The immediate solution is to just use the ‘ state ’- property for the model - binding
{ {Form : : select ( ' keystatus ' , $ keyStatus , null )
}}
However , if you send a collection of models to a select box , you will end up with a weird box :
As you can see , this is the JSON - representation of the models – this wo n’t work .
The solution
This first obstacle is solved through a simple foreach - loop :
$ statuses = Keystatus : : all ( ) ; foreach ( $ statuses AS $ status ) { $ statusList[ $status ->id ] = $ status -> status ; } $ view - > with ( array ( ' statuses '= > $ statusList ) ) ;
This is taken from my composer - file .
As you can see , I get a nice array with the id for key and whatever text I want as the value .
Next step is to put it in the select - box and make the Laravel model - binding work it ’s magic .
The tricky thing is , that the status on my key is an object , and does n’t match whatever is in my array .
Instead I put the status_id as the name of my select - box .
This way the value in my status_id - column will match one of the keys in the array :
{ {Form : : select ( ' status_id ' , $ key , null )
}}
Do n’t forget to set the third parameter ( default chosen value ) to null .
This allows the model - binding to work its magic .
The last thing to do , is to adapt my controller to either save the id directly in the status_id - property , or load the status using Status : : find ( $ input [ “ status_id ” ] ) ; and then associate that to the key :
// Either do this $ key -> keystatus_id = $ input [ " keystatus_id " ] ; // Or do this : $ state = KeysStatus : : find ( $ input [ " keystatus_id " ] ) ; $ key -> keystatus ( ) -> associate ( $ state ) ;
Personally I prefer the first method , as it save me a few calls to the database .
It 's being reported that later today the Republican Naitonal Committee will announce that they have selected Tampa , Florida , to host the 2012 Republican National Convention .
But the interesting part of this story is found in this little nugget about why Phoenix , Arizona , was eliminated from consideration :
The operatives said Phoenix was eliminated , largely because Arizona in late August reminds Republicans of their sweltering 1992 convention in Houston .
And the Grand Canyon State is facing boycotts because of its new immigration law , which would not present an inviting face for the party .
Well , sure .
Because late August in Tampa is like a breath of spring - like air ... not to mention being in the middle of hurricane season .
Which leaves Arizona 's new racial profiling law .
It seems that the RNC is going to have some explaining to do ...
OTTAWA–RCMP officers who guard Parliament
Hill are being equipped with submachine guns to give them more stopping power should a gunman attack the heart of Canada 's government .
Security , which has already been significantly beefed up after a high - profile breach last December , will get another boost in the coming months when Mounties patrolling the Hill get the Heckler & Koch MP5 submachine - gun .
While officers will still rely on their semi-automatic 9 - mm pistols as their main weapon , they 'll also have access to the small but effective machine guns , which will be carried as a " secondary weapon " in their cruisers .
The new weapons are meant to better engage an " active shooter , " said assistant commissioner Pat McDonell , who heads the RCMP 's protective policing unit , which includes the Mounties who patrol Parliament Hill .
He said all members of his team in the Ottawa area , including the officers who keep watch over foreign embassies , will be getting the weapon , noted for its rapid , accurate fire .
" Protective operation members are trained to respond and react immediately to active shooter type situations and the use of the MP5 should level the tactical playing field for our members , " McDonell said .
For the RCMP , it 's back to the future ; officers once carried MP5s until the force replaced their .38 - calibre revolvers with 9 - mm pistols in the mid-1990s .
At the time it was thought the MP5s were no longer needed because the 9 - mm gun was a " better tactical weapon " than the revolver it was replacing .
But the MP5s are being taken out of storage and officers given a refresher course on their handling after concerns that the police required some extra firepower .
" You need something with more accuracy and range , " McDonell said .
" It 's a more effective weapon and you 'll have a lot more rounds . "
Senator Colin Kenny , former chair of the Senate defence and security committee , said the extra firepower makes sense in a scenario where " someone is on a rampage . "
" Bluntly put , it is hard as hell to hit someone with a handgun , " Kenny said .
But Kenny cautioned that protecting Parliament Hill will take more than just new firearms .
" The problems they face are much deeper than what sort of weapons they take ... they do n't have enough people and they do n't have enough dough , " Kenny said in an interview .
The RCMP have noticeably stepped up security on Parliament Hill since a daylight protest last December by Greenpeace activists , who used climbing gear and a ladder to reach the rooftops of the Centre and West Blocks , where they unfurled banners taking aim at Ottawa 's climate change stance .
The RCMP determined the protesters , wearing construction hard hats and coveralls , had reached the roof of West Block by scaling scaffolding at the rear of the building .
Since then , the force has added more officers and patrols on Parliament Hill .
That extra presence is paying off – last week officers twice stopped protesters caught sneaking around the rear of West Block carrying banners .
But Kenny noted that security screening of Parliament Hill tourists is done in the basement of Centre Block .
So by the time a would - be bomber gets screened , he or she is already in the building they are trying to attack .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" You can't realistically expect to search people 's backpack or briefcase underneath the Peace Tower .
It makes no sense , " he said .
He envisages a new visitor centre built beneath the expansive lawn of Parliament Hill with security screening and a theatre where visitors should pass the time before their tour .
" You could have the searching take place in an area that was designed for it and some distance from the building itself , " he said .
Read more about :
I 've put everything back into proper chronological order , and have begun adding images and video for documentary purposes .
The First Noted Venting Hole ( TNVH ) .
I am looking for video of this event .
Most people started taping after the actual start .
The entire range of field erupted at once .
Everything .
Everywhere , and then the pipe went GUSH !
Update :
What the First Noted Venting Hole ( TNVH ) turned into 18 hours later .
Same pair of broken pipes , Riser end is in same position , except everything has settled down a few feet , and the hole is bigger .
that 's an ejection rim .
Those two broken pipes are more exposed .
A lot of earth got moved down and away all at once .
UPDATE :
UPDATE 1:20 pm CDT :
Grabs :
UPDATE 5:45 pm CDT :
UPDATE 6:03 pm CDT :
UPDATE 6:45 pm CDT :
UPDATE 7:35 pmCDT :
UPDATE 8:15 pm CDT :
UPDATE 11:51 pmCDT :
I 've been watching the live Spillcam , and discussing it with folks , here all day long .
About 5 pm last night , we all started taking note of gas bubbling out of the seabed floor .
It started earlier than that , actually -- see pic a few posts down .
About 1 am this morning , the eruptions began to increase in spew volume .
At about 8 am , CDT , as I watched , things started changing rapidly .
Where the water around the two major gush points used to be very clear , it is now super turbid , and detritus is flying everywhere in a chaotic manner .
seabed venting is obvious to see when ROV cameras pan around .
Yet - to - be - confirmed rumors are that the casing wall has finally worn through , about 300 feet below seabed , at an annulus ( coupling ) , and the gas and oil are now finding a new way out to the seabed .
Not good news , as it will make the Top - Kill / Junk Shot nearly ineffectual ...
At the least , it means that more pressure and mud / cement is going to be required .
We 'll see .
See for yourself , here : via BP Live Spillcam Screengrab of the early Morning Chaos Event .
Everthing went up all at once .
ROV was perfectly stationary .
EVERYTHING went " BOOM " and black :
Here 's a screen grab showing the new hole in the seabed .
That 's not the riser end from a new angle .
This was grabbed while the ROV on the riser end was panning around .
The BOP is over 600 feet away , so it is not that , either .
The riser pipe used to be pretty clean all along it 's top .
Now , it is piled over with sediment .
Something had happened to the dispersant mechanism , too .
Pipes and connectors got knocked loose , green liquid ( antifreeze ? ) was pouring out of the machine , and we watched the ROV repair the leak .
Seabed seems to have sunk rapidly ( perhaps scoured away rapidly ? ) .
Riser end is now in a big crater .
Side pipes more exposed -- different angle ?
While watching , ANOTHER major " explosion " occurred .
ROV
Cam now covered in Oil .
It was pushed around by the force of expulsion , or moved back a few feet by controllers .
Our Favorite Disaster
Bot is taking a beating .
Gush seems to have at least doubled in size and volume .
Provided by BSC : Photo series equating 12:23 minutes from " WTF ? " to BOOOM !
No need for ROV " reading " lectures ,
The pipe end billowed out , and then everywhere around billowed up , and then SPLAT !: Corroborating grabs in order ...
BOOM !
Splat ... WTF ???:A brand new MAJOR eruption is happening .
tune into the SpillCam at BP.com .
It 's black , all you can see is a cable .
It started with yet another GUSH plume / tornado .
Oh , dear -- now , we can see that that is a LOT of oil -- and a BLIZZARD of Hydrates ..
The current eruption is way , way worse than the several that occured earlier .
I think this might be a " Main Event " situation .
An hour after the start of this most recent eruption , and it is still just a wall of oil , methane crystals , and gack .
Our Favorite Disaster
Bot is damaged , and needs an oil change and the windshield cleaned .
Up it goes .
Oh , fuck ... look at all the giant plumes in the water column ... wow !:
Cut to black .
Live feed of recent blowout froze - up , requiring a reload of page .
All of a sudden -- no more black chaos -- just the current clear - water gusher view .
I suspect loop tape , but I have the screen grabs from the entire day , below .
If there is another delay in the " Top - Kill / Junk Shot , " you 'll know why .
Grab of the last moment as OFDB left site , below .
You can dimly make out the lights of the lighting rig , lower center of pic image --
That is the signature of a major event ... not some bot churn .
Those lights should be illuminating more than a foot radius .
( click for BIG ) : Top -Kill Delayed .
Imagine my surprise .
Another major eruption .
These are not coming from the riser .
They are coming in to view from elsewhere , even in the long , high - view shots .
Sometimes from behind the ROV .
Twenty - four hours of near non-stop SpillCam viewing , and not one look at the BOP .
Grab of the latest ( 11:51 pm ) eruption -- that is the Floodlighting Rig ...
Occluded : I am sorry .
This is not simple Bot Fan churn .
This one came out of the riser end , along with an all - around Ker - BOOM action .
Everything went up .
One noticed the pipe - end exploding , but then there was gack flying everywhere , all around , too .
Impact - directional -- not " going with the flow .
" More as I can provide .
I think this stands on its own .
I am sure there is more out there to post , and I 'll do my best to get it here .
A series of bad things happened on Sunday , May 23 , 2010 at the Deepwater Horizon disaster site .
If this is becoming sort of routine to clear the RITT ( Sippy Straw ) , then I wonder why the hell they are continuing with something that is n't working ?
Send something better down every damned day , until you get the fucker stopped and filtered .
Get your Company Einsteins working .
New fix and tweak and peak every day ... not every other fucking week , BP .
Your faulty machinery is showing signs of compromise .
Do more , faster .
Today 25MAY2010 : Thank you to the LATOC Forum .
Labels : BP , Gulf Coast , Oil Disaster
VENICE , Louisiana ( Reuters ) - A vast oil slick bore down on the Gulf Coast on Sunday , threatening an economic and ecological disaster as President Barack Obama sharpened his criticism of BP Plc and pressed the energy giant to halt the oil gushing from its ruptured well .
“ Let me be clear : BP is responsible for this leak .
BP will be paying the bill , ” said Obama as he visited the area and pledged a “ fully coordinated , relentless relief effort ” in the region where the coastlines of four Gulf states are being menaced .
The swelling black tide threatens wildlife , beaches and one of the nation ’s most fertile fishing grounds stretching across the Mississippi Delta from Louisiana to Florida .
“ We a dealing with a massive and potentially unprecedented environmental disaster , ” Obama said .
The president toured wetlands in Louisiana at risk from the oil spill , and flew over the coastal areas containing fisheries that could be most affected by the slick .
Desperate efforts above and below the ocean surface -- using boats , planes and even an underwater robotic vehicle -- to check the oil flow and disperse and contain the spreading slick were being hampered by high winds and rough seas .
The government suspended fishing on Sunday across a wide swath of its Gulf of Mexico waters , on worries about contamination of seafood .
“ This is a terrible day .
People can still fish west ( of the Mississippi river ) but if the oil keeps flowing the whole coast could be closed down , ” Roger Halphen , whose whole family is involved in commercial fishing , told Reuters in Venice .
A team of government agencies is working on relief , but Obama and his deputies made it clear BP would be on the hook for what could be billions of dollars in cleanup costs .
“ BOOT ON THE NECK ” OF BP
“ Our job basically is to keep the boot on the neck of British Petroleum , ” Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said on CNN ’s “ State of the Union ” program on Sunday .
The final bill for cleaning up the spill could be $ 7 billion , said Neil McMahon , analyst at investment firm Bernstein in London .
Analysts at Morgan Stanley put the figure at $ 3.5 billion .
Since the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and sank last month , claiming 11 lives , hundreds of thousands of gallons of crude has been gushing into the Gulf with no quick or easy sol
BP is simultaneously working on five plans to stop the flow of oil , including installing domes to collect the oil on the seabed and bring it to the surface and installing a new blow - out preventer to replace the equipment that failed , company officials told a media briefing .
The first of two domes will be deployed in the next six days .
BP is also preparing to drill two relief wells , but rough weather has hampered its efforts .
Underwater dispersants are in use to break up the crude before its reaches the surface .
BP officials said shutting off the well nearly one mile underwater on the ocean floor is an extraordinarily complicated operation that could take weeks and months .
It was like performing “ open heart surgery at 5,000 feet in the dark with robot - controlled submarines , ” BP America Chairman and President Lamar McKay told ABC News .
Slideshow ( 41 images )
Shares of BP and other companies involved in operating the lost rig plummeted last week as fears mounted of growing financial costs and legal liability from the accident .
The looming disaster threatens to eclipse the 1989 Exxon Valdez catastrophe in Alaska , the worst previous U.S. oil spill to date .
The Valdez spill , caused by a wrecked oil tanker , spilled an estimated 10.8 million gallons ( 40.9 million liters ) of crude oil into Alaska ’s remote Prince William Sound .
WORST CASE SCENARIO
Government officials are having difficulty guessing how much oil is spilling from the deepwater well , but have raised their initial estimate of 5,000 barrels a day .
Slideshow ( 41 images )
“ The worst case scenario is we could have 100,000 barrels ( 4.2 million gallons , or 15.9 million liters ) flowing out ( per day ) , ” Salazar said .
“ The actual amount is impossible to estimate , ” Doug Suttles , chief operating officer of BP ’s exploration and production unit , said on CBS News .
The Coast Guard has laid hundreds of thousands of feet of protective booms to try to halt the encroaching oil , but high winds and rough seas were hampering deployment of the barriers and efforts by boats and planes to spray chemical dispersant on the oil .
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration announced it was closing commercial and recreational fishing for at least 10 days in affected waters between Louisiana at the mouth of the Mississippi River to Florida ’s Pensacola Bay .
The area accounts for the bulk of U.S. production of oysters and shrimp .
The Gulf supports a seafood industry that is second only to Alaska within the United States .
In 2008 , commercial fishermen harvested more than 1 billion pounds of fish and shellfish in the Gulf of Mexico , out of total U.S. production of 8.3 billion pounds , NOAA said .
The Gulf Coast is home to hundreds of species of wildlife , including manatees , sea turtles , dolphins , porpoises , whales , otters , pelicans and other birds .
Obama ’s visit came at a time when his administration had been criticized for acting too slowly in response to the growing problems .
The spill has also forced Obama to suspend politically sensitive plans to expand offshore oil drilling , unveiled last month partly to woo Republican support for climate legislation , one of the U.S. leader ’s priorities .
The Minerals Management Service said two U.S. offshore Gulf of Mexico production platforms had been shut down and a third was evacuated as a safety precaution .
Further shutdowns were possible , it added , but the output affected so far was very small .
def printf ( format , * args ) : print format % args ,
Even in a one - liner like this , there are a few subtleties .
First , I had to decide whether to add the comma at the end or not .
To be more like C++ , I decided to add it ( which means that if you want a newline printed , you have to add it yourself to the end of the format string ) .
Second , this will still print a trailing space .
If you do n't want that , use sys.stdout .
write instead of print .
Third , is this good for anything besides being more C - like ?
Yes ; you need a function ( not a statement ) in places like lambda expressions and as the first argument to map .
In fact , such a function is so handy , that in Python 2 you probably want one that does not do formatting :
def prin(x ) : print x ,
I 've seen some careless programmers ( well , OK , it was me , but I knew I was being careless ) think it would be a good idea to fit both these functions into one , as follows :
def printf ( format , * args ) : print str( format ) % args ,
Then printf ( 42 ) , printf ( 'A multi-line
message ' ) and printf ( '% 4.2f ' , 42 ) all work .
But the ``good idea '' thought gets changed to ``what was I thinking '' as soon as you do printf ( ' 100 % guaranteed ' ) , or anything else with a % character that is not meant as a formatting directive .
You might have seen this operator :
>>> x , = range ( 1 ) >>> x 0
Actually , there is no " , = " operator ; really this is the same as :
>>> ( x , ) = range ( 1 ) >>> x 0
This is just an assignment statement , with a tuple on the left , meaning to assign each element of the tuple to the corresponding element of the right - hand - side ; in this case x gets assigned 0
assert 0!=1 assert 3!=6 assert 4!=24 assert 5!=120
No .
The assertions are all true , but they just show that it is a good idea to follow PEP 8 and put spaces around operators :
assert 0 != 1 assert 3 != 6 assert 4 != 24 assert 5 != 120
Now we see that the tests involve the " not equals " operator , not a " factorial " followed by an " equals " .
The ski hat is * =0 and the dumbell is [ : ] = [ ] .
They both perform the function of removing all the elements in a list :
>>> L = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] >>> L *=0 >>> L [ : ] = [ ] >>> L [ ]
As of Python 2.3 you can use the syntax
dict ( a=1 , b=2 , c=3 , dee=4 )
rather than the tedious
{'a ' : 1 , 'b ' : 2 , 'c ' : 3 , ' dee ' : 4} .
( Before that , you needed to define a function . )
Indeed there is .
When all you want to do is create an object that holds data in several fields , the following will do :
class Struct : " A structure that can have any fields defined . " def __init__( self , **entries ) : self.__dict__.update(entries ) >>> options = Struct ( answer=42 , linelen=80 , font= ' courier ' ) >>> options.answer 42 >>> options. answer = ' plastics ' >>> vars ( options ) {' answer ' : ' plastics ' , ' font ' : ' courier ' , ' linelen ' : 80}
Essentially what we are doing here is creating an anonymous class .
OK , I know that the class of options is Struct , but because we are adding slots to it , its like creating a new , unnamed class ( in much the same way that lambda creates anonymous functions ) .
I hate to mess with Struct because it is so concise the way it is , but if you add the following method then you will get a nice printed version of each structure :
def __repr__( self ) : args = [ ' % s=%s ' % ( k , repr( v ) ) for ( k , v ) in vars ( self ) .items ( ) ] return ' Struct ( %s ) ' % ' , '.join ( args ) >>> options Struct ( answer= ' plastics ' , font= ' courier ' , linelen=80 )
If you want a non -anonymous class , there is collections .
namedtuple .
Well , dictionaries have an update method , so you could do d.update ( dict ( a=100 , b=200 ) ) when d is a dictionary .
There is no corresponding method for objects , so you have to do obj . a = 100 ; obj.b = 200 .
Or you could define one function to let you do update( x , a=100 , b=200 ) when x is either a dictionary or an object :
def update( x , ** entries ) : if hasattr( x , ' update ' ) : x.update ( entries ) else : x.__dict__.update( entries ) return x
This is especially concise for constructors :
def __init__ ( self , a , b , c , d=42 , e=None , f=( ) ) : update ( self , a=a , b=b , c=c , d=d , e=e , f=f )
Although some people prefer a more explicit , verbose style :
def __init__ ( self , a , b , c , d=42 , e=None , f= ( ) ) : self . a = a self .b = b self .c = c self.d = d self .e = e self .f = f
collections .namedtuple allows you to define a new class with a fixed set of fields .
But you can't define methods on that class , and there is no place to put the docstring .
Unless you use this trick of inheriting from a namedtuple :
class Point( namedtuple ('_ ' , 'x y ' ) ) : " A point in 2 - dimensional space . " def __abs__( self ) : " Absolute value of a Point : the length of the vector . " return ( self.x ** 2 + self.y ** 2 ) ** 0.5
There are many ways .
The simplest is this :
Point = complex
But then your fields are called real and imag , not x and y , so you might do this instead :
class Point( complex ) : x = property ( lambda p : p.real ) y = property ( lambda p : p.imag ) def __repr__( self ) : return ' Point ( {} , {} ) '.format ( self.x , self.y ) def __iter__ ( self ) : yield self .x ; yield self . y
Now , you can do things like this :
>>> p = Point ( 3 , 4 ) Point ( 3.0 , 4.0 ) >>> p.x 3.0 >>> px , py = p >>> px , py ( 3.0 , 4.0 ) >>> abs ( p ) 5.0
You can also do arithmetic , like 2 * p , but unfortuntely the result is a complex , not a Point .
Another possibility is :
def Point( x , y ) : return np.array ( [x , y ] )
Or you can just use a 2 - tuple :
def Point( x , y ) : return x , y
Before Python 2.7 , you would need to define a class to do this ; now you can use collections .
defaultdict or collections .
Counter , e.g.:
from collections import Counter words = ' this is a test this is only a test '.split ( ) >>> Counter ( words ) Counter ( {' this ' : 2 , ' test ' : 2 , 'a ' : 2 , 'is ' : 2 , ' only ' : 1} )
Continuing the example above , we can define a groupby function , which is similar to itertools .
groupby , but does not require the input sequence to be sorted :
def groupby ( iterable , key=lambda x : x ) : " Return a dict of { key ( item ) : [ items ...] } grouping all the items in the iterable . " groups = defaultdict ( list ) for item in iterable : groups [ key ( item ) ] . append ( item ) return groups
Here 's an example using groupby to create a table of anagrams :
def sortedstr ( word ) : return ''.join ( sorted ( word ) ) def anagram_table ( words ) : return groupby ( words , sortedstr ) >>> anagram_table ( ' earth hater at heart stop post on pots no stop '.split( ) ) defaultdict ( , {'at ' : [ ' at ' ] , ' aehrt ' : [ ' earth ' , ' hater ' , ' heart ' ] , ' no ' : [ ' on ' , ' no ' ] , ' opst ' : [ ' stop ' , ' post ' , ' pots ' , ' stop ' ] } )
I thought you 'd never ask .
If you represent a matrix as a sequence of sequences , then zip can do the job :
>>> m = [ ( 1,2,3 ) , ( 4,5,6 ) ] >>> zip (*m ) [ ( 1 , 4 ) , ( 2 , 5 ) , ( 3 , 6 ) ]
To understand this , you need to know that f( *m ) is like apply ( f , m ) .
This is based on an old Lisp question , the answer to which is Python 's equivalent of map ( None , * m ) , but the zip version , suggested by Chih - Chung Chang , is even shorter .
You might think this is only useful for an appearance on Letterman 's Stupid Programmer 's Tricks , but just the other day I was faced with this problem : given a list of database rows , where each row is a list of ordered values , find the domains ( set of unique values ) for each column .
So I wrote :
domains = map ( set , zip ( * db ) )
This question reveals a common misconception .
There is no syntax for method calls !
There is a syntax for calling a function , and there is a syntax for extracting a field from an object , and there are bound methods .
Together these three features conspire to make it look like x.f(y ) is a single piece of syntax , when actually it is equivalent to ( x.f ) ( y ) , which is equivalent to ( getattr ( x , 'f ' ) ) ( y ) .
I can see you do n't believe me .
Look :
class X : def f( self , y ) : return 2 * y >>> x = X ( ) >>> x.f < bound method X.f of
So the answer to the question is : you can put *y or **y ( or anything else that you would put into a function call ) into a method call , because method calls are just function calls .
Java has an abstract keyword so you can define abstract classes that cannot be instantiated , but can be subclassed if you implement all the abstract methods in the class .
It is a little known fact that you can use abstract in Python in almost the same way ; the difference is that you get an error at runtime when you try to call the unimplemented method , rather than at compile time .
Compare :
## Python class MyAbstractClass : def method1 ( self ) : abstract class MyClass ( MyAbstractClass ) : pass >>> MyClass ( ) . method1 ()
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : ... NameError : name ' abstract ' is not defined /* Java */ public abstract class MyAbstractClass { public abstract void method1 ( ) ; } class MyClass extends MyAbstractClass {} % javac MyAbstractClass MyAbstractClass. java:5 : class MyClass must be declared abstract .
It does not define void method1 ( ) from class MyAbstractClass .
Do n't spend too much time looking for the abstract keyword in the Python Language Reference Manual ; it is n't there .
I added it to the language , and the great part is , the implementation is zero lines of code !
What happens is that if you call method1 , you get a NameError because there is no abstract variable .
( You might say that 's cheating , because it will break if somebody defines a variable called abstract .
But then any program will break if someone redefines a variable that the code depends on .
The only difference here is that we 're depending on the lack of a definition rather than on a definition . )
If you 're willing to write abstract ( ) instead of abstract , then you can define a function that raises a NotImplemented Error instead of a NameError , which makes more sense .
( Also , if someone redefines abstract to be anything but a function of zero arguments , you 'll still get an error message . )
To make abstract 's error message look nice , just peek into the stack frame to see who the offending caller is :
def abstract ( ) : import inspect caller = inspect.getouterframes(inspect.currentframe ( ) ) [ 1 ] [ 3 ] raise NotImplemented Error( caller + ' must be implemented in subclass ' ) >>> MyDerivedClass ( ) . method1 ()
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : ... NotImplementedError : method1 must be implemented in subclass
I had some code here , but as of Python 3.4 , there is now an enum in the standard library .
When this question was first posed there was n't one , and programmers mostly used dictionaries instead , but now in Python 2.4 there is good native support for the set type .
When this question was first posed there was no Boolean type , but Python 2.3 added bool .
One annoying thing is that the two values print as True and False , which have different character lengths , and thus do not line up nicely in tables .
I " fixed " that problem :
class Bool ( int ) : " " " Just like `bool` , except values display as ' T ' and ' F ' instead of ' True ' and ' False ' " " " __str__ = __repr__ = lambda self : ' T ' if self else ' F ' T = Bool ( True ) F = Bool ( False )
Note that it is not legal to subclass bool , so I had to subclass int .
But now T == True and F == False .
There used to be various tricks for this ; since Python 2.5 there are now conditional expressions of the form
result if test else alternative .
One great thing about Python is that you can go a long way with numbers , strings , lists , and dicts ( and now sets and bools and defaultdics and Counters and dequeues ) .
But there are a few major types that are still missing .
For me , the most important is a mutable string .
Doing str += x over and over , is slow , and manipulating lists of characters ( or lists of sub - strings ) means you give up some of the nice string functions .
One possibility is array.array ( 'c ' ) .
Another is UserString .
MutableString , although its intended use is more educational than practical .
A third is the mmap module and a fourth is cStringIO .
None of these is perfect , but together they provide enough choices .
After that , I find I often want a queue of some sort .
There is a standard library Queue module , but it does n't do everything I want .
I have some Stack and Queue implementations here .
I assume you mean that you want a class that can only be instantiated once , and raises an exception if you try to make another instance .
There are many answers with different pros and cons .
The simplest way I know to do that is to define a function that enforces the idea , and call the function from the constructor in your class :
def singleton ( object ) : " Raise an exception if an object of this class has been instantiated before . " cls = object .
__class__ if hasattr( cls , ' __instantiated ' ) : raise ValueError ( " %s is a Singleton class but is already instantiated " % cls ) cls.__instantiated =
True class YourClass : " A singleton class to do something ... " def __init__ ( self , args ) : singleton ( self ) ...
You could mess around with metaclasses or decorators , but why bother ?
Before the Gang of Four got all academic on us , ``singleton '' ( without the formal name ) was just a simple idea that deserved a simple line of code , not a whole religion .
I presume you mean is it good that Python has no new keyword .
It is indeed .
In C++ , new is used to mark allocation on the heap rather than the stack .
As such , the keyword is useful .
In Java , all objects are heap - allocated , so new has no real purpose ; it only serves as a reminder of the distinction between a constructor and other static methods .
But making this distinction probably does more harm than good in Java , because the distinction is a low - level one that forces implementation decisions that really should be delayed .
I think Python made the right choice in keeping the syntax of a constructor call the same as the syntax of a normal function call , including a factory .
Yes .
You can use the powerful IPython shell , or if you want something like this :
h [ 2 ] >>> 7*8 56 h [ 3 ] >>> 9*9 81 h [ 4 ] >>> h [ 2 ] 56 h [ 5 ] >>> ' hello ' + ' world ' ' hello world ' h [ 6 ] >>> h [ None , 9 , 56 , 81 , 56 , ' hello world ' ] h [ 7 ] >>> h [ 5 ]
* 2 ' hello worldhello world '
Then all you need is this code :
import sys h = [ None ] class HistoryPrompt : " Create a prompt that stores results ( i.e. _ ) in the list h. " def __init__ ( self , str= ' h [ %d ] >>> ' ) : self.str = str ; def __str__( self ) : try : if _ not in [ h [ - 1 ] , None , h ] : h.append ( _ ) ; except NameError : # _ not defined yet pass return self. str % len(h ) ; def __radd__ ( self , other ) : return str( other ) + str( self ) sys.ps1 = HistoryPrompt ()
How does this work ?
The variable sys.ps1 is the system prompt .
By default it is the string '>>> ' but you can set it to anything else .
If you set it to a non-string object , the object 's __str__ method gets called .
So we 'll create an object whose __str__ method appends the most recent result ( the variable _ ) to a list called h ( for history ) , and then returns a prompt string that includes the length of the list .
Or at least that was the plan .
As it turns out ( at least on the IDLE 2.2 implementation on Windows ) , sys.ps1.__str__ gets called three times , not just once before the prompt is printed .
Do n't ask me why .
To combat this , I only append _ when it is not already the last element in the history list .
And I do n't bother inserting None into the history list , because it's not displayed by the Python interactive loop , and I do n't insert h itself into h , because the circularity could lead to problems printing or comparing .
Another complication was that the Python interpreter actually attempts to print '
' + sys.ps1 , ( when it should print the '
' separately , or print '
' + str(sys.ps1 ) ) which means that sys.ps1 needs an __radd__ method as well .
Finally , my first version would fail if imported as the very first input in a Python session ( or in the . python startup file ) .
After some detective work it turns out this is because the variable _ is not bound until after the first expression is evaluated .
So I catch the exception if _ is unbound .
See timeit .
Or % time in IPython .
Or :
def timer ( fn , * args ) : " Time the application of fn to args .
Return ( result , seconds ) . " import time start = time.clock ( ) return fn(*args ) , time.clock ( ) - start >>> timer ( max , range ( 1e6 ) ) ( 999999 , 0.4921875 )
There 's a more complex answer in my utils module .
Here are a few of my favorites :
def removeall ( item , seq ) : " " " Return a copy of seq ( or string ) with all occurences of item removed . " " " if isinstance ( seq , str ) : return seq.replace ( item , '' ) else : return [ x for x in seq if x != item ] def count ( seq ) : " " " Count the number of items in sequence that are interpreted as true . " " " return sum ( bool( x ) for x in seq ) def first ( iterable , default =None ) : " Return the first element of an iterable or the next element of a generator ; or default . " try : return iterable [ 0 ] except IndexError : return default except TypeError : return next ( iterable , default )
Thanks to Amit J. Patel , Max M , Dan Winkler , Chih - Chung Chang , Bruce Eckel , Kalle Svensson , Mike Orr , Steven Rogers and others who contributed ideas and corrections .
What causes an arc flash and what kind of injuries can arc flash cause ?
Back to F.A.Q .
An arc flash happens when electric current flows through an air gap between conductors .
Accidents caused by touching a test probe to the wrong surface or slipped tool are the most common cause of an arcing fault .
Arc flashes can also be caused by :
Sparks due to breaks or gaps in the insulation
Equipment failure due to use of substandard parts , improper installation , or even normal wear and tear
Dust , corrosion or other impurities on the surface of the conductor
The fault current magnetic fields make conductors to separate producing an arc .
In other words , arc flash is caused by uncontrolled conduction of electrical current from phase to ground , phase to neutral , and / or phase to phase accompanied by ionization of the surrounding air .
Because of the expansive vaporization of conductive metal , a line - to - line or line - to - ground arcing fault can escalate into a three phase arcing fault in less than a 1/1000 of a second .
The heat energy and intense light at the point of the arc is called arc flash .
Short circuits and arc faults are extremely dangerous and potentially fatal to personnel .
The product of arc fault current and voltage concentrated in one place , results in enormous energy released in several forms .
Arc flash can cause the following injuries :
Skin burns by direct heat exposure .
Arc flash generates large amounts of heat that can severely burn human skin and set clothing on fire .
Temperatures at the arc can reach four times the temperature of the Sun 's surface .
High - intensity flash can also cause damage to eyesight
The high arc temperature vaporizes the conductors in an explosive change in state from solid to vapor .
Copper vapor expands to 67,000 times the volume of solid copper producing a considerable pressure wave and sound blast .
In some cases , the pressure wave has sufficient energy to snap the heads of 3/8 - inch steel bolts and to knock over construction walls .
An arc blast can cause the following injuries :
Large shock waves that can blow personnel off their feet
Loss of memory or brain function from concussion
Hearing loss from ruptured eardrums .
The sound associated with the blast can greatly exceed the sound of a jet engine
Exposure risks from flying debris .
For example , shrapnel wounds from metal parts
Shock hazard due to touching energized conductors
Other physical injuries from being blown off ladders , into walls , etc .
Conductive vapors help sustain the arc and the duration of the arc is primarily determined by the time it takes for over - current protection devices to open the circuit .
For example , fast acting fuses may open the circuit in 8 ms or faster while other devices may take much longer to operate and open .
Gigapan is a dynamic , fast growing community with over 55,000 members who have a passion for gigapixel photography .
Upload and share your images by joining today !
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 13/4/2010 ( 3823 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
IT all seemed so simple to Dr. Peter Charlebois -- he 'd donate his family 's collection of 56,500 recordings dating back to 1913 to the University of Manitoba 's faculty of music .
All the 82 - year - old retired Toronto doctor asked in return was a tax receipt , the cost of shipping and a memorial plaque honouring his parents .
ADRIEN VECZAN / THE CANADIAN PRESS Dr. Peter Charlebois plays a record on a Victrola phonograph at his home in Toronto .
And at first , the faculty accepted , enthusiastically , this past Oct. 17 when its business manager -- who left U of M in early February -- accepted the collection and laid out requests for an inventory , two external valuations of the collection and the number of boxes necessary for shipping .
The collection would go in the sound archive being planned for the new music building , she wrote to Charlebois .
" These items would be kept in secure and temperature - controlled storage until the archive facilities are complete , " Wendy Seversen wrote .
But Charlebois says when he phoned music dean Edmund Dawe in late March to say he had 420 large boxes ready to ship , Dawe " had a hemorrhage . "
Dawe told Charlebois in a March 30 letter U of M had no idea just how large the collection was , and has no way to store it .
Dawe turned down the gift , with thanks .
" I do n't know how the hell they can refuse this .
This is an opportunity for them to be renowned , to do research , " Charlebois said from Toronto .
" This is an opportunity for them to become a big wheel in recorded music .
" I 'm not out to cause trouble .
If they 're so goddamned stupid that they wo n't take the opportunity to put the faculty of music on the map , they 're stupid .
There 's no goddamned way they 'll ever be offered this again , " he said .
The collection includes music of all kinds from 1913 to 1990 , most of it music hall , big bands , vaudeville , First World War music , most of it long - playing ( LP ) records with multiple tracks , the vast majority of the recordings made prior to 1950 .
Charlebois said the collection has been stored two hours north of Toronto in a family owned music hall that 's been closed for 50 years .
The family wants to develop the property and when Charlebois read a story about Marcel Desautels giving U of M $ 20 million for a new music building , " I thought , this is it , this is their opportunity . "
Dawe said in an interview he was flabbergasted when he got the call from Charlebois a couple of weeks ago .
He knew a donation was coming -- small donations of records and sheet music are n't unusual -- but had no idea how vast the collection is .
" We 're talking tons of boxes , literally , " Dawe said .
" If I had known the magnitude and the scope of the collection -- that 's something that 's beyond the magnitude of what we can handle . "
U of M archivists say playing old records degrades them , so if they 're to be available for research , they must be digitized , which means establishing copyright and paying royalties for each of those 56,500 recordings , said public affairs director John Danakas .
Even Charlebois does n't know what 's in the collection and that 's a huge issue , Dawe said .
" We do n't have a list of what 's actually in the collection .
Someone has to catalogue 56,000 LPs , " said Dawe .
Not only does U of M not know the academic value of the pieces in the collection , it also does n't know what shape the records are in : " We do n't know how it 's been stored .
" It would be irresponsible to accept it , " Dawe said , especially given Charlebois wants to keep it intact and does n't want to sell it off piece by piece .
" We 're very concerned about being responsible stewards . "
Dawe would not discuss whether the former business manager knew the size of the collection when she accepted it .
Seversen could not be reached for comment .
nick.martin@freepress.mb.ca
? Sorry , G.I .
Joe fans , I hate to be the one who
Under a system of permanent revelry , we will witness the Golden Age of the dilettante which will put the Renaissance to shame .
There wo n't be any more jobs , just things to do and people to do them .
During the 2008 presidential campaign , Republican nominee John McCain was so closely identified with the term " maverick " that it became a national punchline .
On the Oct. 4 , 2008 , edition of Saturday Night Live , Tina Fey reprised her famed imitation of Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin , closing an opening skit spoofing the vice presidential debate with the line , " Oh , and for those Joe Six - packs out there playing a drinking game at home : ' Maverick . ' "
So it came as a surprise to us when McCain was quoted on Newsweek magazine 's website on April 3 , 2010 , saying , " I never considered myself a maverick .
I consider myself a person who serves the people of Arizona to the best of his abilities . "
Debunking this one was n't a question of " if " but rather " how can we avoid piling on ? "
We ignored cases in which Palin or other campaign surrogates used the term on McCain 's behalf , sticking instead to instances when McCain himself used it , or when he blessed television advertisements using that term with the words , " I approve this message . "
( This message , by the way , is a requirement of the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2002 , which McCain himself spearheaded . )
Here are the instances we found :
• " A maverick , John McCain tackled campaign reform , military reform , spending reform .
He took on presidents , partisans and popular opinion .
He believes our world is dangerous , our economy in shambles .
John McCain doesn`t always tell us what we hope to hear .
Beautiful words cannot make your lives better , but a man who has always put his country and her people before self , before politics can .
Don`t hope for a better life , vote for one .
McCain . " -- " Love " campaign ad , July 7 , 2008
• " He reformed Wall Street , battled big oil , made America prosper again .
He 's the original maverick .
One is ready to lead -- McCain . " -- " Broken " campaign ad , Aug. 5 , 2008
• " The original mavericks .
He fights pork barrel spending .
She stopped the ' Bridge to Nowhere . '
He took on the drug industry .
She took on big oil .
He battled Republicans and reformed Washington .
She battles Republicans and reformed Alaska .
They 'll make history .
They 'll change Washington .
McCain / Palin : real change . " -- " Original Mavericks " campaign ad , Sept. 7 , 2008
• “ If you want real reform and you want change , send a team of mavericks . " -- campaign appearance in Colorado Springs , Colo. , Sept. 6 , 2008
• " And what ' maverick ' really means , what this team of mavericks really means is we understand who we work for .
We do n't work for the party , and we do n't work for a special interest , and we do n't work for ourselves .
We 'll work for you and the American people . "
-- campaign appearance in Lancaster , Pa. , Sept. 9 , 2008
• " Stand by , because change is coming .
And real change is coming to Washington , D.C.
And we 're going to shake things up .
And you 've got a team of mavericks , a team of mavericks . " -- campaign appearance in Lebanon , Ohio , Sept. 9 , 2008
• " Can I just mention one other thing ?
You know there 's now this going around that there 's differences between myself and Sarah Palin .
We 're very close .
We 're both mavericks . " -- interview with Fox News Channel 's Sean Hannity , Oct. 28 , 2008
• " When two mavericks join up , we do n't agree on everything , but that is a lot of fun . " -- campaign appearance in Hershey , Pa. , Oct. 28 , 2008
• " We get along fine .
Sarah is a maverick .
I 'm a maverick .
No one expected us to agree on everything . " -- interview with CNN's Larry King , Oct. 30 , 2008
And finally :
• Worth the Fighting For : The Education of an American Maverick , and the Heroes Who Inspired Him -- book by John McCain and Mark Salter , published 2003
In McCain's ( slight ) defense , we should say that he has on a number of occasions expressed a degree of ambivalence about the title " maverick " -- including his highest - profile use of the word , in his 2008 Republican National Convention acceptance speech .
“ You know , I ’ve been called a maverick ; someone who marches to the beat of his own drum , " he said .
" Sometimes it ’s meant as a compliment and sometimes it ’s not .
What it really means is I understand who I work for .
I do n’t work for a party .
I do n’t work for a special interest .
I do n’t work for myself .
I work for you . ”
Meanwhile , in the prologue to the book that used " maverick " in the subtitle , McCain wrote , " I 'm 64 years old as we begin this book , which seems a bit old to be routinely described as a maverick .
American popular culture admits few senior citizens to its ranks of celebrated nonconformists .
We lack the glamorous carelessness of youth and risk becoming parodies of our younger selves .
Witnessing the behavior can make people uncomfortable , like watching an aging , overweight Elvis mock the memory of the brash young man who had swaggered across cultural color lines . "
That 's not exactly an aggressive embrace of the term .
But even if McCain is now listening more closely to his inner ambivalence about the term , it cannot erase the eagerness with which his 2008 presidential campaign touted that particular characteristic as a major selling point for candidacy .
So we rate his statement that " I never considered myself a maverick " to be Pants on Fire !
Well , this is as official as it gets .
Nvidia has put up an agenda page for its appearance at the Penny Arcade Expo ( a.k.a. PAX East ) in Boston , Massachusetts next month , and it turns out the company will host a special , " must see " presentation on March 26 at 6:00 PM local time .
The teaser paragraph does n’t leave much to the imagination :
Come see NVIDIA unveil the next generation of PC gaming .
Want to see what ’s hot and what ’s next ?
If you ’re even vaguely a fan of PC games and miss this special event , you ’ll likely be spending the next few months kicking yourself .
Line up early as seating is limited .
‘ Nuff said .
Nvidia has promised to introduce its next - gen GF100 graphics processor in the first quarter , and this looks to be the launch venue .
As if the teaser were n’t clear enough , the company goes on to say attendees will get to try its " highly - anticipated , next - generation GPU " at the company ’s booth in Exhibit Hall D , and some folks " may even be able to buy one before anyone else . "
The GF100 , Nvidia ’s first DirectX 11 GPU , will power upcoming GeForce GTX 480 and GeForce GTX 470 graphics cards .
Those products should go up against AMD ’s current Radeon HD 5000 - series graphics products — presumably higher - end ones , since evidence suggests the GF100 will be a top - of - the - line chip .
Next quarter , Nvidia also plans to take the GF100 ’s Fermi architecture into Tesla products geared for GPU computing tasks .
In a somewhat unfortunate twist , however , Nvidia has chosen to hype its attendance at PAX East using the exact same tagline that foretold the arrival of the NV30 GPU in late 2002 :
The NV30 and the infamous , Dustbuster - toting GeForce FX 5800 Ultra that carried it both turned out to be disappointments .
Certain media pundits have compared the GF100 to the NV30 due to the delays surrounding both products and , according to some particularly alarmist reports , the GF100 ’s lackluster performance and excessive power consumption .
Let ’s hope the GF100 winds up having a better launch .
Thank you !
Bump is no longer available .
We 'd like to extend a special thank you to all of you who used Bump .
Read more ...
Thermal imaging scheme aims to reducing heating costs
Continue reading the main story Related Stories
Infra-red technology is to be used to " photograph " homes across Scotland in a bid to cut CO2 emissions and make properties cheaper to heat .
The results from thermal imaging of 10,000 houses will be analysed and published online .
The pilot project is being spearheaded by the Scottish Federation of Housing Associations ( SFHA ) .
It was unveiled as ministers launched a discussion paper aimed at addressing major issues in housing policy .
Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon warned that " fresh thinking " was needed in the case of " sustained and substantial " cuts to public spending .
Continue reading the main story “ Start Quote
The use of cutting edge technology will enable housing providers to pinpoint precisely where heat is being lost and to put resources into work where it will have the most impact ” End Quote Andrew Field SFHA
She was speaking as she and Housing Minister Alex Neil visited a housing association tenant in Coatbridge , whose home has been scanned as part of the thermal imaging project .
His landlord , Clyde Valley Housing Association , is one of four Scottish associations taking part in the scheme which could be rolled out across the county if successful .
During the 15 - month pilot , thermal imaging will be carried out by IRT Surveys of Dundee .
Experts will then analyse the results to calculate the levels of CO2 emissions and the amount of heat / money being lost through roofs , walls and windows .
It is hoped making the results available via the internet with allow landlords and the Scottish government to gauge the effectiveness of various insulation and energy management measures .
Discussion period
Andrew Field , deputy chief executive of the SFHA , said : " Substantially reducing carbon emissions in a relatively short space of time is challenging and this pilot project is at the forefront of efforts to meet the government targets .
" The use of cutting - edge technology will enable housing providers to pinpoint precisely where heat is being lost and to put resources into work where it will have the most impact , resulting in lower emissions , lower fuel bills for tenants and warmer homes . "
The Scottish government has pledged to try reduce carbon emissions by 42 % by 2020 .
The wider housing policy document unveiled by ministers stressed the need to continue to increase the supply of housing , but added : " This will not be easy - projected government expenditure is set to be significantly reduced . "
It also stated : " Imaginative solutions are needed to bring more money into the system and to reduce costs " .
A discussion period will run over the summer , which could result in policy changes being put forward before the end of the year .
This Castle Wars update was originally scheduled to come out next week , but we 've decided to release it a few days earlier than planned .
We ’ve released two updates this week to give everyone the opportunity to play the new , improved Castle Wars over the bank holiday weekend ( Spring Bank Holiday in the UK ; Memorial Day in the USA ) .
Castle Wars has been in the game for a fair few years now and , although still very popular , needed some improvements to bring it up to the standard of some of RuneScape ’s newer activities .
From your feedback , it was clear the focus should be on the rewards , but we ’ve also tweaked a couple of aspects inside the arena and given it a high score table !
Our goal has been to retain the main gameplay elements of Castle Wars , since many of you already enjoy it as it stands .
We hope the new rewards you can use inside the arena will enhance your experience !
The main additions are :
All decorative armour sets ( including the new fourth set ) give you a set effect when worn during a Castle Wars match .
Improvements to the catapults – teammates can deploy flares to mark targets , plus the catapult has a more useful interface .
A new ballista siege weapon you can deploy in the arena at key tactical locations ( bought from the reward shop ) .
Halos of the gods – these fashionable pieces of headgear reduce the rate at which certain prayers drain your Prayer points ( which prayers depend on which halo you wear ) .
A new faithful shield – a particularly attractive shield with a nice Prayer bonus .
New combat potion sets that can be bought with tickets and used within the arena .
Castle Wars prestige capes – new capes for those who have captured the most flags or killed the most players in a match , or who ’ve played a LOT of Castle Wars .
Take - 5 added to the equipment tables , to make it quicker to get going once a match begins .
Castle Wars added to the website 's Hiscores section , tracking number of matches played .
After you 've checked out the new rewards in Lanthus ’s shop , why not jump into some Castle Wars matches to land yourself a place in the high scores ?
This is also a great opportunity to get in some Castle Wars practice , as we will soon be running a Castle Wars tournament as part of the Triumvirate community game .
In anticipation of the tournament , you can join one of the three Triumvirate factions by heading to the main Triumvirate forum thread .
Finally , click here to view the official Castle Wars video on the www.youtube.com/runescape channel .>
Mod Tim
Lead RuneScape Content Developer
To be honest , I feel like I dropped the ball somewhere .
I had n’t even heard this was being made , but then all of a sudden there ’s a trailer for it .
If you ’ve read the comic strip you ’ll already know the basic plot : a curious / disruptive / playful dog causes all sorts of shenanigans for his owners .
Looks like they ’ve changed up the formula as Marmaduke now talks , with Owen Wilson ’s voice ( as well as various other animals ) .
Before you get too upset , it looks to be along the same lines of talking animals in Homeward Bound , where it ’s a language only the animals hear and the humans remain oblivious too .
My hopes are not high for this film .
I do n’t remember Marmaduke leading a troop of animals in a grand choregraphed dance routine .
Then again I have n’t read the comic in a while , but something tells me it has n’t changed that drastically .
Regardless , the film is set to hit the big screen June 4 , 2010 .
About the author
( NewsTarget ) Curcumin 's anti-inflammatory properties have been known in Chinese and Ayurvedic Medicines for thousands of years .
It is the active ingredient of turmeric , which is a component of the curry preparations used daily in Indian and other South Asian cuisines .
Since those cuisines have infiltrated the west , modern science has also been investigating the health benefits of turmeric and curcumin .
Do n't confuse curry powder with turmeric .
Turmeric is the substance that gives curry its yellowish color , while curcumin is the active ingredient of turmeric that offers the health benefits known in earlier medical traditions and that is being discovered now in western nutritional medicine .
Curcumin comprises five percent of turmeric .
Curcumin is both an anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant .
Epidemiological studies of people who have a high dietary intake of turmeric show a lower incidence of cancer among them .
as curcumin also helps create the master anti-oxidant glutathione .
Dr. Russell Blaylock included curcumin extract supplements in his post vaccination first aid kit to minimize the possibility of inflammation and cytokine storm from a vaccination .
Curcumin has proven even better for relieving arthritis pains and stiffness than expensive pharmaceuticals , without side effects .
It has also been proven to protect the liver and gallbladder .
Many other tests with curcumin extracts have been documented with ( petri dish / test tube ) and ( living organisms ) trials that show how amyloid plaque , considered a cause of Alzheimer 's , is suppressed by curcumin .
There have also been many trials , mostly in vitro , that indicate curcumin helps impede cancer cells ' growth .
Curcumin extracts have been used as an adjunct with orthodox cancer treatments to reduce dosages of toxic cancer drugs .
Curcumin is considered non-toxic .
Up to six grams of curcumin daily for extreme cases , such as cancer , has shown no toxic side effects .
Since only five percent of turmeric is curcumin , this allows for consuming a good deal of turmeric .
Curcumin as part of turmeric powder is very beneficial as a daily regimen if taken properly .
The problem with curcumin is similar to that of resveratrol :
The stomach wo n't let it pass through to the small intestines enough to appear significantly in blood serum , where it has to be for cellular nourishment .
That 's easily resolved with turmeric by combining it with fats .
Cold pressed oils , coconut oil , organic butter , ghee , raw milk , and organic cottage cheese are optimum choices .
It has also been discovered that heat helps absorption without decomposing the curcumin in turmeric .
Some users mix turmeric in warm milk .
After all , curry involves cooking with some sort of fat .
The curcumin extract capsules , used for extreme conditions or by those who can afford the convenience , pose the same absorption problems with a different set of solutions .
This extract is usually in capsules .
Enteric coating needs to be used to keep the capsule intact in the stomach yet to allow it to break down in the small intestines , allowing for immediate absorption into the blood .
Enteric coatings are used commonly by Big Pharma , but not by natural supplement providers .
So you need to look for that on the label or you 're wasting your money and time .
Some curcumin extract providers insert piperine , an extract of black pepper , to help absorb the curcumin .
But curcumin supplements using piperine can cause problems with pharmaceutical medications .
So if you are on pharmaceuticals , avoid curcumin extracts with piperine .
Unless your situation warrants higher supplementation , consuming turmeric at one to three teaspoons full per day with fats to get the curcumin into your bloodstream provides an inexpensive , safe , * and efficacious anti-inflammatory , anti-aging boost to your health .
Ray Sahelian , M.D. Curcumin's Role in cancer , Alzheimer 's disease and inflammation The Benefits of Taking Curcumin DailyThe World 's Healthiest Foods - TumericByron Richards - Curcumin Protects Against Liver and Gallbladder DamageHealthy Source - Consumers Guide to Turmeric - CurcuminMargaret's Personal Blog RE Curcumin for Multiple Myeloma ( Bone Marrow Cancer ) ttp://margaret.healthblogs.org/life-with-myeloma/discovery-of-curcumin/Paul
Fassa is dedicated to warning others about the current corruption of food and medicine and guiding others toward a direction for better health with no restrictions on health freedom .
You can visit his blog at http://healthmaven.blogspot.com
Mental prowess
( Image credit : dreamstime . )
We expect the prowess of our joints and lungs to slowly decline as we age , but the thought of our minds doing the same is intolerable .
Here are some top prevention tips worth their weight in wits , plus a few to forget .
Do something !
Scientists are starting to think that regular aerobic exercise may be the single most important thing you can do for the long - term health of your brain .
While the heart and lungs respond loudly to a sprint on the treadmill , the brain is quietly getting fitter with each step , too .
For mental fitness , aim for at least 30 minutes of physical activity every other day .
Eat , eat , eat
( Image credit : dreamstime )
Too much or too little energy throws a kink in the brain ’s delicate machinery .
A low glycemic diet — high fiber , with moderate amounts of fat and protein — is broken down more slowly in the body than high glycemic foods , such as sweets and white starches .
A steady pace of digestion in the gut gives a more reliable flow of energy to the brain , likely optimizing the organ ’s long - term health and performance .
Watch that diet
While overindulging can make the brain sluggish and lead to long - term detriments to your brain , too few calories can also impair brain function .
Extreme dieting can cause some diehards to feel stretches of calm — a feeling that may underlie the addiction of anorexia — but many studies have also linked dieting with distraction , confusion and memory impairment .
Take care of your body
( Image credit : Dreamstime . )
Largely preventable diseases — such as Type II diabetes , obesity and hypertension — all affect your brain , too .
System - wide health concerns have been linked to an increased risk of cognitive decline and memory impairments .
Keeping your circulatory system in working order , by , say , avoiding cigarettes and saturated fat , lessens the onslaught of age - related damage to the brain .
Get your beauty rest
( Image credit : stock.xchng )
When we rest and dream , memories are sifted through , some discarded , others consolidated and saved .
When we do n't sleep , a recent study found , proteins build up on synapses , possibly making it hard to think and learn new things .
Furthermore , chronically sleeping poorly ( in contrast to not enough ) is linked to cognitive decline in old age , although the relationship may not be causal .
Enjoy your coffee
( Image credit : Dreamstime.com . )
Growing evidence suggests a caffeine habit may protect the brain .
According to large longitudinal studies , two to four perk - me - ups a day may stave off normal cognitive decline and decrease the incidence of Alzheimer 's by 30 to 60 percent .
It is unclear whether the benefits come from caffeine or the antioxidants found in coffee and tea , but that latte may improve cognition this afternoon and several decades from now .
Eat fish
( Image credit : NOAA Fisheries Service )
Some theories credit the introduction of fish into the human diet with the evolution of our tremendous cognitive prowess .
Essential fatty acids , such as Omega 3s , are critical to brain function and are proving beneficial for treating such brain - sapping ailments as depression .
Studies on the efficacy of Omega 3 supplements , however , have had mixed results , so get doses from food sources , such as flax seeds , fatty fish and grass - fed animals .
Chill out
( Image credit : Dreamstime )
Stress takes a toll on the brain by washing harmful chemicals over the hippocampus and other brain areas involved in memory .
Some scientists suspect that living a balanced lifestyle and pursuing relaxing activities such as yoga , socializing and crafting may delay memory impairment by reducing stress .
Skip the supplements
( Image credit : Steve Knight ( stevekrh19 ) )
Supplements have been getting a bad rap recently , with even the familiar multivitamin now looking like a waste of money — or worse .
Brain pills , such as ginkgo and melatonin , likely belong in the trash as well .
Despite their " natural " origins , they are not free of potential side effects , such as high blood pressure , digestion trouble , fertility problems and depression .
And among healthy individuals , ginkgo offers no brain benefits beyond that of a placebo .
( In some cases , the placebo worked better . )
Tease your brain
( Image credit : Jane M Sawyer / MorgueFile )
Whether crossword puzzles , sudokus and other brain teasers actually keep your brain in shape , has not been well - established .
However , lack of education is a strong predictor of cognitive decline .
The more you 've tried to learn , the better you 'll be at mental sit-ups in old age .
The key may be tackling something new ; the challenge of the unknown is likely more beneficial than putting together the same jigsaw puzzle over and over again .
Jakarta , Indonesia ( CNN ) --
Two - year - old Aldi yanked on his mother 's hair and squirmed in her arms .
Tears formed a small pool in the folds of his double chin .
" He 's crying because he wants a cigarette , " said Diana , his mother , who like many Indonesians goes by only one name .
We caught up with Aldi , who is nearly twice the weight of other babies his age ( 20 kilograms or 44 pounds ) , and his mother at Jakarta 's airport .
Video of him plopped on a brightly - colored toy truck inhaling deeply and happily blowing smoke rings had circulated on the Internet last week , turning him into a local celebrity .
As we spoke to his mother , a crowd gathered and a man taunted Aldi with a cigarette , blowing smoke in his direction .
" Smoking has been a part of our culture for so long it is n't perceived as being hazardous , as causing illness , as poisonous , " said Seto Mulyadi , chairman of Indonesia 's National Commission for Child Protection .
" A lot of adults who are around children will smoke .
They will carry a baby in one hand and a cigarette in another .
Even mothers do n't understand that they are poisoning their children . "
Mulyadi met with Aldi in Jakarta , where his mother brought him for help .
He said Aldi was a bright boy , quicker than most children his age .
He also said Aldi was a victim of his environment .
Mulyadi told Diana that she needed to find other things to occupy the boy 's time .
But he told us what was disturbing was that the parents motivation to get Aldi to quit was n't stemming primarily from an understanding of the risk to his health , but more from the cost of spending four dollars a day -- Aldi smokes an average of 40 cigarettes daily .
" Well , I do n't want to give him cigarettes , but what I am I supposed to do ?
I am confused , " his mother said .
" I did n't let him smoke , I even forbade him from smoking , but I was trying to stop him from getting sick . "
She showed us a scar on Aldi's head , where she said he smashed his head into a wall during one of his tantrums .
She said he also vomits when he can't satisfy his addiction .
" I was smoking when I was pregnant , but after I gave birth I quit , " she said .
" I do n't remember when , but we went to the market and then suddenly he had a cigarette in his hand .
Even when he was a baby and he would smell smoke he would be happy . "
Both she and her husband have quit smoking .
She said that Aldi had cut down his habit in Jakarta and hopefully he will soon quit .
" For us , it 's not shocking at all , but it 's very , very sad , " Mulyadi said .
" What we know about this phenomenon is only the tip of the iceberg . "
He said ignorance about the dangers of smoking is compounded by aggressive advertising by tobacco companies .
Nearly 170 nations have signed a treaty calling for health warnings and other anti-smoking measures .
Indonesia , however , is the only country in the Asia - Pacific region not to have ratified the World Health Organization 's framework on tobacco control .
Legislation has been stuck in parliament for years .
The spokesman for the Ministry of Health , Tritarayati , said : " We 're still discussing it . "
A study by the child protection commission shows that between 2001 and 2007 , the number of children smoking between the ages of five and nine jumped 400 percent .
That is tens of thousands of cases and does not take into account children like Aldi , who are under the age of five .
Mulyadi believes the number is significantly higher and child smokers are getting younger .
A few months ago , video of a four - year - old Indonesian boy smoking also appeared online .
An adult male voice prompts him off camera and laughs as the child blows smoke rings calling himself a " bad boy . "
That child was also helped by the National Commission for Child Protection and is now smoke free , Mulyadi said .
" We are fighting to remind the country that we really need to protect our children , " Mulyadi said .
Aldi's mother asked to end to the interview after she had spoken with us for a few minutes .
She said she was tired .
" I learned that I can't use force to stop him , but I need to be gentle and try to distract him . "
We asked her what she had learned about her child and smoking : " I learned that my kid is smart and he does n't have any illnesses , " she said .
Diana seemed uncomfortable with the attention and the questions .
Cheeks wet , Aldi waved a chubby arm goodbye to the watching crowd .
0 % found this document useful ( 0 votes )
0 ratings 0 % found this document useful ( 0 votes )
Intelligence and Religious Beliefs
Save Save Intelligence and Religious Beliefs For Later
0 % 0 % found this document useful , Mark this document as useful
0 % 0 % found this document not useful , Mark this document as not useful
Embed
Share
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Art Linkletter , who died May 26 at 97 , was important not only for getting little kids to say the darndest things , but also as a crusader against the counterculture of the 1960s , and especially against drugs .
Nixon appointed him an adviser on drug policy , and on May 8 , 1971 , Linkletter went to the White House and met with the president .
Ad Policy
The transcripts show Linkletter telling Nixon , “ There ’s a great difference between alcohol and marijuana . "
Nixon replies : “ What is it ? ”
The president wants to know !
“ When people smoke marijuana , ” Linkletter explains , “ they smoke it to get high .
In every case , when most people drink , they drink to be sociable . ”
“ That ’s right , that ’s right , ” Nixon says .
“ A person does not drink to get drunk .
. . . A person drinks to have fun . "
Then Nixon turns to the global history of drinking and using drugs .
“ I have seen the countries of Asia and the Middle East , portions of Latin America , and I have seen what drugs have done to those countries , ” he says .
” Everybody knows what it ’s done to the Chinese , the Indians are hopeless anyway , the Burmese .
. . . they ’ve all gone down . ”
Nixon continues , “ Why the hell are those Communists so hard on drugs ?
Well why they ’re so hard on drugs is because , uh , they love to booze .
I mean , the Russians , they drink pretty good .
. . . but they do n’t allow any drugs . ”
“ And look at the north countries , ” Nixon continued .
“ The Swedes drink too much , the Finns drink too much , the British have always been heavy boozers and all the rest , but uh , and the Irish of course the most , uh , but uh , on the other hand , they survive as strong races . ”
Linkletter says " That ’s right . "
Nixon comes to his main point about the “ drug societies : ” they “ inevitably come apart . ”
Linkletter adds , " They lose motivation .
No discipline . "
Nixon gets the last word : " At least with liquor , I do n’t lose motivation . ”
The next year , 1972 , Linkletter announced that he had changed his position on marijuana .
According to the New York Times , “ After much thought and study he had concluded that the drug was relatively harmless . ”
.-
In a dramatic turn of events Thursday , a Canadian premier abruptly axed a controversial proposed sex -ed curriculum due to the overwhelmingly negative response it received within his province .
Premier Dalton McGuinty of Ontario previously backed a sex education curriculum which came under fire for its subject matter .
The curriculum scheduled lessons on body parts in Grade 1 , discussed homosexuality in Grade 3 , and explicitly mentioned “ vaginal and anal intercourse ” in Grade 7 .
The curriculum also taught that homosexuality and transgenderism are normal and that masturbation is “ one way of learning about your body . ”
According to the Ottawa Citizen , Premier McGuinty said the government failed to properly consult and communicate with parents about the revamped curriculum .
“ I think for most parents , it came out of nowhere , ” he said Thursday .
“ We spent a good 24 , 48 hours listening to parents and caucus – and parents through our caucus – and it's become pretty obvious we should give this a serious rethink . ”
Though the premier on Tuesday of this week spoke of his unflinching support of the curriculum , within 54 hours his position drastically changed .
“ ( Parents ) are obviously not comfortable with the proposal that we put forward , ” he said Thursday .
“ So we 're going to improve on that . ”
The curriculum had sparked outrage among Catholic leaders in Ottawa as Premier McGuinty previously claimed that the program applied to “ all students in publicly funded schools , including Catholic schools , ” the Ottawa Citizen reported .
Archbishop of Ottawa Terrence Prendergast stressed on Thursday that parents are children ’s “ first teachers of faith and moral issues , ” and he urged parents to voice their thoughts on the curriculum to officials , saying the government would have to react to “ a firestorm of response . ”
In a phone interview with CNA on Thursday , Archbishop Prendergrast explained that , “ There ’s quite a bit of controversy in public , by ordinary parents , who do n’t want people , teachers , the state , the province , imposing a particular view of sexuality on their children . ”
Archbishop Prendergast advised parents to “ speak up ” to their MPs and representatives .
They need to take seriously their responsibilities , while the government should cooperate with parents to ensure children are raised in a “ healthy and wholesome ” way .
The archbishop explained that some non-Catholic parents send their children to Catholic public schools because of a “ moral quality to their teaching . ”
One non-Catholic mother he knows feels that “ she and her husband should have authority in delicate matters , not things presented by Planned Parenthood . ”
Parents going to non-Catholic public schools need to say this is not suitable instruction for their children either , he noted .
Rather than promote greater sexual expression , he suggested , Canadians “ need to think about restoring a certain moral character to the educational system . ”
“ It ’s not easy , but I think we need to say that . ”
7 years after 9 - 11 , Dominik Suter of " Dancing Israelis " fame , leader of the Israelis who were caught videotaping and celebrating the downing of the WTC , registers a business in the city of Nanuet , NY , in April 2008 .
The business , " 24/7 Anyday LLC " , has an address in Nanuet 's Rockland Center ( click on image to enlarge ) .
Suter and his significant other , Ornit Levinson Suter , were on the FBI 'S list of 9 - 11 terrorist suspects .
So where is the FBI when we need them ?
Allow me to preface this by stating that I am not in any way a professional investigator , nor do I work for any police organization , the FBI or other alphabet agency like the NSA .
What is shown here is public information freely available to any idiot with a $ 20 a month subscription to a people search engine like USSearch.com .
The only other tools needed are an internet connection and about 10 - 25 minutes of patience .
In other words , a smart 8 year old could have found this stuff out .
The first place I found Suter 's new business was in a people search which yielded the address and the name of the corporation , as seen in the search results above .
The next thing was to get the actual corporation documents , as seen at the top of the post .
This costs $ 5 thru the NY Secretary of State 's office .
Get yours before some Mossad sayanim makes it dissapear .
According to business records for the State of New York , Dominik Suter registered a business called 24/7 Anyday LLC on April 16 , 2008 at 119 Rockland Center , Suite 176 , in Nanuet , New York .
This address is located at UPS Center maildrop .
The pictures below are courtesy of the author of the following site http://www.cockeyed.com/citizen/spam/nanuet.html
- it was found that six internet spam companies operate from this same address .
The quit claim deed on the 2008 Florida transaction shows Ornit 's address in River Vale , NJ ( sometimes spelled Rivervale - this was mistakenly spelled Riverdale in the original post - apologies ) .
River Vale is about a 30 minute drive from Nanuet , NY .
The 3 bedroom home in River Vale was sold in mid-2006 for close to 600K .
As of June of 2008 , a web address , Movingrfp.com , was connected to the River Vale location .
It is a non-operating site as of 12/09 .
" 24 7 " and the words " anyday " or " anytime " are commonly used for Israeli run front companies like locksmiths , carpet cleaners or moving companies .
24/7 Anyday in Nanuet has been listed in Superpages.com and Whitepages.com as a carpet cleaning firm , and in Whitepages.com and LocalSearch.com as a Locksmith .
The website listed in one of the directories , http://247anyday.com does not work as of today and is parked at GoDaddy :
Call both of the above phone numbers and you get a weird recording - though now that this has been published , they 'll probably have some katsa answering the phone to make it look normal .
On one call , I got a recording and a couple minutes later , a callback .
The callback number had an area code in Spring , Texas , which is a suburb of Houston .
Now I realize this is probably a cell phone and could be answered anywhere .
However , Houston has been an area with Mossad activity , as shown in the search results below :
Both Dominik and Ornit Suter have registered locksmith , carpet cleaning and moving companies through various states .
These are typical front operations for Israeli illegals to find work .
The infamous Urban Moving Systems was registered by Suter in New Jersey , and also operated under the name " Max Movers " , according to New Jersey business registration documents .
In this video , at about 40 seconds in , you can see the front door of Urban Moving Systems in Weehauken , NJ , as seen below in a video still :
The sign on the door says 3- 18th Street ; Urban Moving Systems Inc. ; Suburban Moving and Storage Inc. ; Max Movers Inc. ; and City Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning Inc .
Except for the 1st listing , which is the address , these are all front companies founded by Suter .
Given the past history of this duo , are the companies they are setting up now just fronts ?
Are they in place so some twenty - something Israeli on leave from the military can scam Americans for locksmith and moving jobs ?
Or is something more ominous afoot ?
And by the way , FBI .
Why are n't these two losers in Gitmo ?
Related :
Fed gives grant to Urban Moving Systems
( CNN ) -- Pakistan is blocking access to Facebook in response to an online group calling on people to draw the Prophet Mohammed , officials said Wednesday .
The Pakistan Telecommunication Authority issued the order a day before " Everybody Draw Mohammed Day , " scheduled by a Facebook group with the same name .
" Obviously ( the blocking of Facebook ) is related to the objectionable material that was placed on Facebook .
That is why it is blocked , " said Khoram Ali Mehran of the telecommunication authority .
" We have blocked it for an indefinite amount of time .
We are just following the government 's instructions and the ruling of the Lahore High Court .
If the government decides to unblock it , then that 's what we will do , " he said .
The organization has not received any complaints from internet users about the blocking of Facebook , he said .
Devout Muslims consider it offensive to depict Mohammed .
There were riots around the world in response to a series of cartoons of Mohammed in a Danish newspaper in 2005 , and at least two European cartoonists live under police protection after publication of their drawings of the Muslim prophet .
Mimi Sulpovar , who started the Facebook group , said she read about the idea on a blog after Comedy Central bleeped out part of an episode of " South Park " that mentioned the prophet .
" This is meant to be in protest , " she said .
" This is something I have felt strongly about for a long time : Bullying by certain Muslim groups will not be tolerated in a free country , " said Sulpovar , who is American .
But Ibrahim Hooper , a spokesman for the Council on American - Islamic Relations , said the idea behind the group was offensive .
" Islam discourages any visual representations of the prophets of God -- Jesus , Moses , Mohammed , anybody -- because we believe it can lead to a form of idol worship , " he said .
" The majority of Muslims worldwide object to any representation of a prophet of God , " he said .
The idea of " Draw Mohammad Day " originated with a cartoonist who has since distanced herself from the idea , Sulpovar and Hooper said .
" The whole campaign has been taken up by Muslim - bashers and Islamophobes , " Hooper said .
But Sulpovar denied being anti-Muslim .
" This extends beyond being able to draw Mohammad , " she said .
" If it 's offensive to you , that 's fine , but I do n't feel it 's right to impose your belief on others through intimidation .
" This is nothing to do with hate or bigotry , " she said .
" Nobody is inciting violence or preaching open hatred towards individuals . "
Sulpovar said she is not a Muslim but added that she had received " hundreds of e-mails from people trying to explain this to me . "
One group member said she saw anger and fear on both sides of the controversy but felt that free speech could not be compromised .
" This is a hot - topic debate , but so is abortion , illegal immigrants , gay marriage and politics .
If we allow even a small compromise for one group , then the free speech on topics like abortion , illegal immigrants and politics can also be censored based on accusations that they cause violence or hate , " Autumn Meadows said on CNN 's iReport .
" Hate speech is wanting a group eradicated , physically harmed or dead .
I dont think drawing Mohammed falls under that category , " she said .
" Islam is not above criticism or cartoons .
I believe in equality , and censoring Mohammed while we can draw every other
figure in the world does not equal equality , " she concluded .
Sulpovar said Pakistan 's decision to block Facebook was " ridiculous . "
Facebook is investigating the block , said Debbie Frost , the company 's director of global communications .
Sulpovar 's group and a similar one had attracted about 7,000 fans between them Wednesday .
Groups opposing the idea had about 68,000 .
CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .
BROUGHTON-IN -FURNESS , ENGLAND —
When it finally happened , the new order arrived speedily : no two - month transition , as in Washington ; no conclave of cardinals , as in Rome .
Minutes after Gordon Brown visited Queen Elizabeth II on Tuesday to draw a ceremonial line under 13 years of Labour power , he was followed through the portals of Buckingham Palace by David Cameron , his triumphant Conservative successor seeking formal royal assent to an unfamiliar coalition — Britain ’s first in 65 years — with the Liberal Democrats .
It happened , for the victors , with a fanfare of superlatives and , for the defeated , with the first rumbles of rancor as Labourites absorbed the unpalatable reality of rejection by the nation .
Looking on , it was almost possible to imagine the coffee still warm on the stove , the TV relaying tidings from outside 10 Downing Street to empty rooms within when the newcomer arrived to take up residence .
Power changed hands with abrupt and unsentimental haste : in British politics , there may be no government only for the briefest of moments .
Many of you approached me during PAX East to thank me for the D&D news posts I make .
As a DM I know how hard it can be to find inspiration some times .
As long as I ’m running a game I ’ll keep posting the crazy stuff I throw at my players .
In fact , here is the latest experiment I ran on them .
As so often happens in fantasy worlds , their characters stumbled across a magic artifact .
This particular item when used , sent them all back in time .
Here is an excerpt of the email I sent out to all of them a couple of weeks before the game :
You have been dragged back in time and placed in the bodies of new characters , each of them a key player in the story of the Eladrin in the Estwild .
The world has been spun back hundreds of years .
Your characters are in a much different time with much different rules .
But they are not the only ones who will travel back in time for this adventure .
Each of you has also been taken back to 1974 and Original Dungeons and Dragons .
Ancient mechanics for an ancient world .
Before you quit D&D forver let me tell you that we wo n’t be using Original D&D exactly .
Rather I ’ve cooked up a system using original D&D systems along with some new ideas as well .
The goal is to play a game with the soul of Original D&D , but significantly more humane to the player .
The model here is really Disney Land .
Immagine yourself in adventure land near one of their western saloons .
The facade is there , the details are right , it could almost pass for the real thing .
But inside it is air conditioned and you can buy a Dr. Pepper .
If they had a ride there called Original D&D , this would be it .
The idea is to have a lot of fun without anyone getting hurt .
After a lot of research I ended up settling on a system called Swords and Wizardry .
As a set of rules it draws heavily on OD&D but includes things like an ascending AC scale rather than THACO .
I pulled what I liked from Swords and Wizardry and then grabbed a few things from OD&D as well .
The end result was much like what I described in my email to the party .
A sort of OD&D roller - coaster with all the twists and turns of old school gaming but minus the freedom and danger .
During the game I used the television behind me to display a slideshow of old artwork from the history of D&D .
My players all started D&D with 4e like I did .
This game was really about taking a look back and appreciating the roots of Dungeons and Dragons .
I remember when I was a kid my parents took me to Fort Clatsop in Oregon .
It ’s a winter encampment built back in 1805 .
Today it ’s a tourist attraction populated with peopled dressed in period clothing .
I watched re-enactors churn butter and load muskets .
It ’s difficult for a young person to imagine time before they existed .
This was a real physical place though full of real people even if they were just actors .
The experience was really powerful for me and I can remember laying in the back seat of the car during the next leg of the car trip just thinking about what it must have been like to be alive back then .
I hope that as my players picked up their dice and got in their cars to drive home they had similar thoughts about the gamers that came before .
People starting campaigns with characters that only had 2 hit points .
Characters getting hit and losing levels .
Magic items breaking and armor deteriorating .
Maybe seeing for just a night what it was like back then , will give them a greater appreciation of the game they ’re playing now .
- Gabe out
' I have to keep her indoors now ' : Muslim husband 's shocking response as wife is first to be fined £ 430 for wearing a burka
Novara 's mayor Massimo Giordano introduced local laws banning clothing that ' prevents the identification of the wearer inside public buildings '
A husband has vowed to keep his wife indoors after she became the first woman in Italy to be fined for wearing a burka in public .
Amel Marmouri , 26 , was handed the 500 euro ( £ 430 ) penalty after she was spotted queuing inside a post office by police with her body and face fully covered by the garment .
She was warned she would receive another fine if she were spotted again in her burka .
Yesterday her husband said as a result he had no option but to stop her from going out .
Unemployed Ben Salah Braim , 36 , said : ' I just do n't know where we are going to get 500 euros to pay the fine .
' We thought as she was going to the mosque she was OK to wear the burka .
' We knew about the law and I know that ( the law ) is not against my religion but now Amel will have to stay indoors .
I can't have other men looking at her .
' If the law says she can't wear one then she will have to stay inside night and day .
There is nothing I can do . '
Under Italian anti-terrorist legislation , introduced during the 1970s to fight political activists , it is illegal to be seen in a public place with your face covered .
The rule has never been properly enforced but earlier this year the mayor of Novara , where the couple live , introduced local laws which ban any clothing that ' prevents the immediate identification of the wearer inside public buildings ' .
The case comes days after Belgium 's lower house of parliament voted to prohibit the wearing of full face veils in public .
If the senate agrees , it would become Europe 's first national ' burka ban ' .
Novara in northern Italy , where the couple are from
Novara 's Mayor Massimo Giordano is a member of the Northern League Party , which has campaigned for a clampdown on immigration and the building of mosques .
Mr Giordano said : ' I signed the new regulations for reasons of security but also so that people who come to live in our city are aware and respect our traditions .
' The regulations in Novara specifically cover people wearing clothing that prevents them from being identified in a public place , and a post office is a public place .
Veiled : A Muslim woman wearing the burka ( posed by model )
' This would also apply to a motorcyclist who walked into a post office wearing a crash helmet .
The people of Novara do not want to see people walking around in the city wearing a burka .
' This is the only way to stop behaviour that makes the already difficult process of integration even harder . '
Police chief Paolo Cortese said : ' The fine was given because the woman was inside the post office at the time , which is a public building . '
The Northern League , which once called for the Italian Navy to shell boats carrying illegal immigrants towards the country , has called for the original 1975 terror law to be amended and make specific reference to Islamic face coverings .
The proposed wording would prohibit ' the use of female garments common among women of Islamic faith known as burkas ' .
Muslim groups in Italy insisted that Italian laws must be respected .
Imam Izzedin Elzir , president of the Islamic Community and Organisations Union in Italy , said : ' We are for the freedom of women and against veils of any kind and Italian laws must be respected .
' We as an organisation have always said that we are against face veils or coverings in Italy because the law of recognition has to be observed . '
El Ejecutivo federal se encomienda a Dios para que ayude a los gobernantes '... para gobernar y trabajar siempre , especialmente , a favor de los m�s pobres '
Video Pide a Dios que lo ilumine .
En su segunda visita a San Juan Chamula , en Chiapas , ataviado con la vestimenta tradicional y el bastón de mando , el Presidente inauguró un mercado y una carretera
EN CHIAPAS El presidente Felipe Calder�n se encomend� al cielo y a Dios , para que ilumine a los gobernantes y trabajen siempre a favor de los m�s pobres .
( Foto : Archivo /EL UNIVERSAL )
San Juan Chamula , Chiapas | Viernes 07 de mayo de 2010
Jorge Ramos | El Universal
14:03
Arizona does not observe Daylight Saving Time ( DST ) from March through November each year , so for half the year , the time in Phoenix , Flagstaff , and other cities in Arizona will be different than other places in the Mountain Standard Time ( MST ) zone .
Put another way , from March through November during DST , the time in Arizona is the same as that of California 's Pacific Daylight Time ( PDT ) zone .
Mountain Standard
Time is seven hours behind the Universal Time , Coordinated ( UTC ) during Standard Time and eight behind during DST , but Phoenix remains seven hours behind because UTC does n't adjust for Daylight Saving Time .
Other states included in the MST zone are Colorado , Montana , New Mexico , Utah , Wyoming , and parts of Idaho , Nevada , Oregon , Kansas , Nebraska , North Dakota , South Dakota , and Texas .
Whether you 're visiting Phoenix or Flagstaff , knowing how you 'll need to reset your watch when you arrive in Arizona will help you stay on time during your trip .
However , keep in mind that if you 're visiting the southern Navajo Nation , it does observe Daylight Savings Time .
Why Arizona Does n't Observe DST
Although Daylight Saving Time was established by federal law in 1966 with the passage of the Uniform Time Act , a state or area may choose not to observe it .
However , it must always observe DST at the same time as the rest of the United States if it does decide to observe this time change .
The Arizona State Legislature voted to not adhere to the new legislation in 1968 largely due to costs associated with cooling homes in the evenings after work .
Since Arizona typically reaches triple - digit temperatures most of the summer , the resulting " extra hour of daylight " only served to increase the costs of air conditioning since families would be spending more hours of sweltering daytime heat at home .
Although legislation has been introduced in Arizona several times in recent years to start adhering to Daylight Saving Time like the rest of the country , each time it 's been met with outrage from local residents .
Other areas in the U.S. that do n't observe Daylight Saving Time are Hawaii , American Samoa , Guam , Puerto Rico , Northern Mariana Islands and the U.S. Virgin Islands — and up until 2006 , Indiana .
How to Know the Time in Arizona
Although cell phones and smartwatches have made manually updating the time on your devices almost obsolete when traveling , it can still be beneficial to know how to calculate the time in Arizona based on the Universal Time Coordinated .
UTC is a time standard based on Earth 's rotation that , like Greenwich Mean Time , measures the solar time on the Prime Meridian ( 0 degrees longitude ) in London , England .
The UTC is the standard for how to set clocks and understand time around the world .
Since neither the state of Arizona nor the Universal Time Coordinated observe Daylight Saving Time , Arizona is always UTC - 7 — seven hours behind the Universal Time .
If you know what the UTC is , no matter what time of the year it is , you can always know you 're just seven hours behind in Arizona .
Police fabricated evidence to incriminate five Americans facing trial in Pakistan on terror charges , lawyers representing the men will argue in court this week .
The men , all Muslims , were arrested in December in the central town of Sargodha , and have been charged with planning terrorist acts in Pakistan , Afghanistan and the US .
While the men admit wanting to travel to Afghanistan , they deny involvement in any jihadist activities and say they were planning to carry out " community work " in the country .
Defence lawyers will argue the men could not have made email contact with a Pakistani extremist linked to al - Qaida in the way the police claim .
According to the police 's own summary of the investigation submitted to the court , investigators discovered the email account which was allegedly used to make contact several days after police had briefed journalists on the messages .
Similarly , the police report describes the discovery of maps of alleged target sites and other incriminating evidence more than two weeks after they had already told media about their existence .
The defence will also call into question police claims about the date of the men's arrest , which is several days after their widely reported detention on 9 December last year .
Umer Farooq , 24 , Waqar Hussain Khan , 22 , Ramy Zamzam , 22 , Ahmed Minni , 20 , and Aman Hassan Yemer , 18 , were charged under anti-terrorism laws .
Police say the group 's intended target was Chashma Barrage , a complex located near nuclear power facilities in Punjab that includes a water reservoir and other structures .
The men , who pleaded not guilty , face life sentences if convicted on the most serious of the charges .
They all grew up in the suburbs of Washington DC , where they were a tight - knit , religious group of friends .
The Farooqs are originally from Sargodha and the men claim they had travelled to the Pakistani town to attend Umer 's arranged marriage .
According to the police , the men were taken into custody on 9 December , but were allowed to go home each evening , and were only formally arrested five days later on 14 December .
But there are no reported sightings of the men after 9 December .
Farooq 's father Khalid , who was held for nearly three weeks before he was released , said that all of them were in continuous police custody after 8 December .
" I was with the boys , in the same cell , " he said .
" There 's no question of them being allowed out . "
His son , Umer Farooq , 24 , is on trial with Waqar Hussain Khan , 22 , Ramy Zamzam , 22 , Ahmed Minni , 20 , and Aman Hassan Yemer , aged just 18 .
All of them grew up in the suburbs of Washington DC , where they were a tight - knit , religious , group of friends .
The Farooqs are originally from Sargodha and the men claim they had travelled to the Pakistani town to attend Umer 's arranged marriage to a local woman .
In a letter to Zamzam 's parents seen by the Guardian , the men , who allege they were beaten by police and deprived of sleep and food in custody , face life in prison if convicted on the most serious of the charges .
Following the arrest of the men , on 10 and 11 December police gave on - the - record briefings to local and international media about a Yahoo email account used to communicate with a Pakistani extremist called Saifullah .
They also said at the time that maps and jihadi literature were found with the men .
But according to the police report lodged with the anti-terrorism court in Sargodha , where the men are being tried , it was only on 17 December that the suspects disclosed " their secret email address along with password " – allowing the investigators to find the communication with Saifullah .
In the document , a copy of which was seen by the Guardian , the police say that they found the extremist literature and maps on 26 December .
Defence lawyer Hasan Dastagir alleges that police misrepresented the date of the men's arrest in order to allow for inconsistencies in the evidence .
" By the ninth , the police had made up their mind what they were going to plant on these boys , because they had nothing on them , " said defence lawyer Hasan Dastagir Katchela .
" There are going to be some massive surprises ( in court ) . "
The trial of the men resumes this on Saturday , 17 April .
According to Katchela , the later time given for the arrest was to allow police to create emails and other evidence dated after 9 December , and police have had to change the dates for the discovery of evidence , to fit the timing when they were " cooked up " .
As they were transported to a court hearing in early February , the men tossed a note to journalists scribbled on toilet paper , alleging that they had been tortured .
The claims were repeated in a letter from Zamzam which was passed to his parents in March by US state department officials .
In the letter , seen by the Guardian , he wrote : " We were taken to a place where I still do n't know where it was ( we were blindfolded ) and there were like 30 police and [ intelligence ] agency people who beat and tortured us .
We were not given food or water for I counted to be at least 36 hours and they would n't let me sleep .
...
They told us not to say anything to anyone about what happened … [ unreadable word ] they even threatened to electrocute us the day before court so we do n't tell the judge but we spoke out and we did the toilet paper [ note ] so the world could know . "
Usman Anwar , the district police chief for Sargodha , said the emails were genuine and " clearly show their evil intentions " .
He also denied the allegations of abuse , adding that the men had been " advised by their lawyer to make a hue and cry " to gain public sympathy .
The trial of the men resumes on Saturday .
Just for giggles I decided to port the In - Memory search example from my last blog post to JRuby .
It ’s been some time since I ’ve used JRuby for anything , but the team has still been hard at work making strides towards better Java interoperability and ease of use .
I downloaded JRuby 1.5.0_RC1 , pointed my PATH to the / bin directory , and began hacking .
I ’m incredibly impressed with the level of Java interop and startup speed improvements .
Kudos to the JRuby team .
Integrating Java could n’t have been easier .
The example is below .
Run it with the command :
jruby -r / path/to/lucene-core-3.0.1.jar inmemory.rb
require ' java ' #
You either use the next line by require the JAR file , or you pass # the -r flag to JRuby as follows : # jruby -r / path/to/lucene-core-3.0.1.jar inmemory.rb # require " lucene- core-3.0.1.jar " java_import org.apache.lucene.analysis.standard.StandardAnalyzer java_import org.apache.lucene.document.Document java_import org.apache.lucene.document .
Field java_import org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter java_import org.apache.lucene.queryParser.ParseException java_import org.apache.lucene.queryParser.QueryParser java_import org.apache.lucene.store.RAMDirectory java_import org.apache.lucene.util.Version java_import org.apache.lucene.search.IndexSearcher java_import org.apache.lucene.search.TopScoreDocCollector def create_document ( title , content ) doc = Document.new doc.add Field.new ( " title " , title , Field : : Store : : YES , Field : : Index : : NO ) doc.add Field.new ( " content " , content , Field : : Store : : YES , Field : : Index : : ANALYZED ) doc end def create_index idx = RAMDirectory.new writer = IndexWriter.new(idx , StandardAnalyzer.new ( Version :: LUCENE_30 ) , IndexWriter:: MaxFieldLength:: LIMITED ) writer.add_document(create_document( " Theodore Roosevelt " , " It behooves every man to remember that the work of the " + " critic , is of altogether secondary importance , and that , " + " in the end , progress is accomplished by the man who does " + " things . " ) ) writer.add_document ( create_document ( " Friedrich Hayek " , " The case for individual freedom rests largely on the " + " recognition of the inevitable and universal ignorance " + " of all of us concerning a great many of the factors on " + " which the achievements of our ends and welfare depend . " ) ) writer.add_document(create_document ( " Ayn Rand " , " There is nothing to take a man 's freedom away from " + " him , save other men .
To be free , a man must be free " + " of his brothers . " ) ) writer.add_document(create_document ( " Mohandas Gandhi " , " Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote " + " freedom to err . " ) ) writer.optimize writer.close idx end def search ( searcher , query_string ) parser = QueryParser.new ( Version :: LUCENE_30 , " content " , StandardAnalyzer.new ( Version :: LUCENE_30 ) ) query = parser.parse ( query_string ) hits_per_page = 10 collector = TopScoreDocCollector.create ( 5 * hits_per_page , false ) searcher .
search ( query , collector ) # Notice how this differs from the Java version : JRuby automagically translates # underscore_case_methods into CamelCaseMethods , but scoreDocs is not a method : # it 's a field .
That 's why we have to use CamelCase here , otherwise JRuby would # complain that score_docs is an undefined method .
hits = collector.top_docs.scoreDocs hit_count = collector.get_total_hits if hit_count.zero? puts
" No matching documents . " else puts " %d total matching documents " % hit_count puts " Hits for %s were found in quotes by : " % query_string hits.each_with_index do |score_doc , i| doc_id = score_doc.doc doc_score = score_doc.score puts " doc_id : %s \t score : %s " % [ doc_id , doc_score ] doc = searcher.doc( doc_id ) puts " %d. %s " % [ i , doc.get ( " title " ) ] puts " Content : %s " % doc.get ( " content " ) puts end end end def main index = create_index searcher = IndexSearcher.new ( index ) search ( searcher , " freedom " ) search ( searcher , " free " ) ; search ( searcher , " progress or achievements " ) ; search ( searcher , " ikaisays.com " ) searcher .close end main ( )
____________________________________________________________________
Gabriel Falcon
AC360° Writer
A jury in Detroit this week convicted a 13 - year - old boy of a murder that he committed when he was 12 .
Demarco Harris was found guilty of felony murder , armed robbery , and felony firearm and curfew violation .
An earlier trial in January ended in a hung jury .
Harris shot to death Trisha Babcock , 24 , last August 1 as she sat in a parked car .
The defendant , who was 12 at the time , was attempting to rob Babcock when he shot her in the chest .
Steve Babcock holds a senior portrait of his daughter , Trisha Babcock , who was 24 when she was killed in Detroit on Aug .
1 .
" We believe that based upon the facts and evidence in this case that the jury reached the correct result , " said Wayne County Prosecutor Kym L. Worthy in a statement .
Harris , who is being held in a juvenile detention center , will be sentenced on June 1 , the prosecutor 's office said .
The judge has three options at the time of sentencing , Maria Miller , spokeswoman for the prosecutor 's office , told CNN .
She said Harris can be sentenced as a juvenile , sentenced to prison as an adult , or a combination of the two .
Miller would not discuss what choice the prosecutor is recommending for Harris .
" We do n't speak about that until the day of sentencing , " she said .
The victim's father , Steve Babcock , was in the courtroom when the verdict was read .
" I broke down and cried like a baby , " he said .
" Everyone knew he was guilty . "
" I did everything I could for my daughter and I did the same for her when she was alive .
She would have been proud of me .
It 's not going to bring my daughter back though . "
Mr. Babcock talked to CNN about the appropriate punishment for Harris .
" A life for a life , " he said , " but unfortunately we do n't have the death penalty . "
" I feel like it might be a better sentence if he spends the rest of his life in prison .
He knew what he was doing .
When he picked up that gun he knew what he was doing . "
" I want the whole world to know about my daughter .
She graduated top 10 in her class .
She had her whole life ahead of her . "
The mother told the court her son was " exaggerating " A man is suing his mother over her alleged failure to protect him from his father 's beatings .
The 32 - year - old County Durham man , who cannot be identified , told the High Court in London that his mother , now in her late 60s , assaulted him herself .
He claimed that she aided and abetted daily punishment by her husband by reporting her son 's wrongdoings .
His mother denied liability and has claimed the case was brought outside the legal time limit .
The man , who was brought up in west London , claimed he was assaulted up to four times a day between the ages of five and 19 by the father he called a " tormentor " .
He said he was hit with a stick , belt , electrical lead or wooden brush until he was 16 and struck with an open hand and throttled or choked as he got older .
' Reasonable chastisement '
His mother said her son was " exaggerating " .
She did agree that she slapped him occasionally but said it was " reasonable chastisement " and denied hitting him with a clothes brush .
The son said in court : " I saw that she did not like me and it led me to think that her primary concern in seeking help was to make her home life run more smoothly and not the welfare of myself or my siblings .
" I would n't say my mother had done her best to protect me .
I always felt she could have done more .
" She was n't a tormentor like my father was , continually looking for excuses to assault me .
" For the best part of it she was herself fairly harmless . "
The man is seeking damages for pain and suffering as well as £ 7,800 to pay for therapy .
He claimed he first consulted a solicitor 10 years ago but did not take action as he found ordinary life a struggle .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK -- Cleveland Indians pitcher David Huff was taken off the field on a stretcher and driven by ambulance to the hospital after being hit in the head with a line drive off the bat of Alex Rodriguez in the third inning of Saturday 's game at Yankee Stadium .
Huff took the impact above his left ear .
He suffered no memory loss or loss of consciousness .
A CT scan performed on Huff at the hospital came back negative but the pitcher was kept several hours for observation .
Rodriguez 's drive hit Huff above the left ear and he lay face down and motionless on the pitcher 's mound as the ball caromed into right field .
Nick Swisher , who had been on first base , came around to score the Yankees ' second run of the game .
Huff was immediately attended to by the team trainer and paramedics as his teammates and several Yankees watched anxiously .
As you ’ve no doubt heard by now , New York Times reporter Lynn Hirschberg wrote a rather unflattering article on M.I.A. that pointed out the disconnect between her fiery political persona and her rather comfortable lifestyle as the wife of a nepotism - benefitting billionaire .
In the story , Hirschberg , who obviously never bought into M.I.A.'s shtick , goes so far as to use common yellow journalism tactics like getting quotes from knowledgeable sources .
( Among those sources : A member of the Sri Lankan Democracy Forum , who characterizes M.I.A. ’s championing of the Tamil Tigers separatist group as “ very simplistic , ” and ex-boyfriend and producer Diplo , who calls her terrorist talk a “ gimmick ” and says , “ In the end , Maya is postmodern : she ca n’t really make music or art that well , but she ’s better than anyone at putting crazy ideas into motion .
She knows how to manipulate . ” )
Naturally , M.I.A. is all kinds of upset : Having spent much of the last few months proclaiming that folks like Jay - Z and Lady Gaga are “ sellouts , ” whatever that means , it troubled her to see Hirschberg questioning her own keeping - it - realness .
( Though , in M.I.A. ’s defense , descriptions like this — hilarious though they may be — are pretty cold - blooded : “ ‘ I kind of want to be an outsider , ’ she said , eating a truffle - flavored French fry . ”
Someone go to Zazzle and put that on a T - shirt , please . )
Advertisement
And since she ’s the sort of rebel who once declared , “ Like P.L.O. , I do n’t surrender , ” and whose mind is never very far from war - torn Sri Lankan concentration camps even as she ’s ordering up Givenchy jewelry to her Brentwood mansion for a photo shoot , M.I.A. has resorted to the 2010 version of guerrilla warfare , Tweeting Hirschberg ’s personal cell phone number : “ CALL ME IF YOU WANNA TALK TO ME ABOUT THE N Y T TRUTH ISSUE , ill b taking calls all day bitches , ” she said .
As you 'd expect , Hirschberg — who ’s been through this sort of backlash before , after writing a similarly unflattering 1992 Vanity Fair piece on Courtney Love — has been getting calls all day long .
Speaking to the New York Observer earlier , Hirschberg called M.I.A. ’s response “ fairly unethical ” and “ infuriating but not surprising , ” adding that most of the calls have been from dudes trying to “ hook up ” with M.I.A. anyway .
M.I.A. has since Tweeted , “ NEWS IS AN OPINION !
UNEDITED VERSION OF THE INTERVIEW WILL BE ON neetrecordings THIS MEMORIAL WEEKEND !!! , ” to which Hirschberg responded , “ I have no idea what she ’s talking about . ”
Pillow fighting is the new moshing ...
Saturday afternoon ( February 18 , 2006 ) @ 2:00 PM , hundreds descended on Union Square in NYC for a pillow fight .
Pillow fight brought to you by newmindspace .
NOTE : Animals WERE harmed in the making of this pillow fight
Previously
The Arcade Fire in Union Square | A New ( Order ) Video
Arcade Fire Played in Union Square Last Night
33 Hz @ Virgin Record Store , NYC | Pics
