The Pope met about 60 American Jewish leaders Pope Benedict XVI has told American Jewish leaders that any denial of the Holocaust is " intolerable " , especially if it comes from a clergyman .
He was speaking at the Vatican at his first direct talks with Jewish leaders since he lifted the excommunication of a Holocaust - denying bishop .
The Jewish leaders appeared to be divided over the pontiff 's stance .
The Pope has said he was unaware that Bishop Richard Williamson had denied the full extent of the Holocaust .
During the meeting , he confirmed he was planning to visit Israel .
Vatican sources have said the trip is scheduled for May .
' Painful days '
The Pope told about 60 delegates from the Conference of American Jewish Organisations that " any denial or minimisation of this terrible crime [ was ] intolerable " , especially from a priest .
It 's actually quite extraordinary the Pope did n't know about Williamson 's history on the Holocaust
Elena Curti
deputy editor of the Tablet Catholic newspaper " The hatred and contempt for men , women and children that was manifested in the Shoah [ Holocaust ] was a crime against humanity , " he said .
" This should be clear to everyone , especially to those standing in the tradition of the Holy Scriptures ... "
Pope Benedict admitted that the 2,000 - year - old relationship between Judaism and the Church had passed through some painful phases .
But he repeated the prayer the late Pope John Paul made when he visited Jerusalem in 2000 , pleading for forgiveness from Jews for Christians who had persecuted them throughout history .
In response , Rabbi Marc Schneier , head of the American Jewish congress , said his community had faced " painful and difficult days " because of Bishop Williamson 's comments .
" Thank you for your understanding of our pain and anguish and your firm statement expressing unquestioned solidarity with the Jewish people , " he said .
The Jewish leader added that Jews faced a " new scourge of anti-Semitism " including the desecration and burning of synagogues .
However , Abraham Foxman , another Jewish leader , said after the meeting that the Vatican had to excommunicate Bishop Williamson because " every moment that he stays in the Church gives him credibility " .
" Today 's statement was important but it did not bring closure , " he added .
' Extraordinary ' Catholic - Jewish relations have soured over the Pope 's decision last month to lift the excommunication of Bishop Williamson .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He has been under strong pressure to make a stand against anti-Semitism .
The Jewish leaders had made it clear before the meeting that they were expecting the Pope to announce he was breaking all ties with Bishop Williamson 's traditionalist group of Catholics until they recanted their anti-Semitic views , the BBC's David Willey reports from Rome .
But the Pope made no specific mention of the row during his address , our correspondent notes .
Bishop Williamson was among four ultraconservative bishops - all members of the traditionalist Society of St Pius X ( SSPX ) - whose excommunications were lifted , in a bid by the Pope to end a schism that began in 1988 when they were ordained without Vatican permission .
But it was then revealed that Bishop Williamson , who was born in Britain , had given an interview to a Swedish television programme last November , in which he disputed that six million Jews had died at the hands of the Nazis , and said that none had died in gas chambers .
Bishop Williamson , who has been removed from his post as the head of a seminary in Argentina , has refused to recant his remarks , despite an order from the Vatican to do so - merely saying he will re-examine the evidence on the Holocaust .
FROM THE BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
The Pope said previously he had not known about Bishop Williamson 's views - a stance that Elena Curti , deputy editor of the Tablet Catholic newspaper , told the BBC was " extraordinary " .
They were " well known , it seems , to virtually everybody else " , she said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I 've been meaning to write about this Slashdot poll , but other work kept getting in the way .
As you 'll see from the survey results , however , not everyone can claim that excuse ... at least not with a straight face :
The poll asks a single question : " How many hours do you REALLY work each day ? "
( The emphasis , added by Slashdot , is critical here . )
Counting the 10 percent who do not work at all ( unemployed , part - timers , retirees , the independently wealthy and cannily slothful , I presume ) a full 40 percent report really toiling fewer than four hours per day .
( 2011's 25 Geekiest 25th Anniversaries )
As you 're digesting that nugget , know that more than 27,000 Slashdot readers participated in this survey ; so , while I have always been dismissive of online polls , this one offers a substantial number of respondents drawn from a pool that overlaps considerably with Network World 's readership .
OK , so how many of you want to cop to working four hours or less ?
( C'mon , I wo n't tell . )
Another 24 % pegged their real work hours at a not - all - that - much - more - imposing four to six .
Sixteen percent claimed the standard seven to eight , while another 11 percent went two hours better .
And the self - described workaholics ?
Three percent punched the clocked at 11 to 12 hours per day and another 3 percent rounded out the survey at more than 12 .
A problem with the survey -- I mean in addition to its unscientific methods and the unmasking of massive workplace laziness -- is that respondents had a difficult time agreeing on exactly what was being asked .
However , the resultant discussion was both enlightening and amusing .
I 've read through all 252 comments -- hey , it 's my job -- so that you wo n't have to .
There were those whose answers would depend on who 's doing the counting .
" A huge part of my workday is reading technical material .
I do that from home and usually have browser tabs open to Slashdot , various support forums , and usually a mainstream news page .
I often work in the same clothes I slept in .
So how many hours a day am I really working ?
10 or more if you ask me .
My fiancé will give quite a different number . "
There were many of the " depends on your definition " variety .
" I define ' work ' as anything that needs to be done , but I do n't like doing .
.... I do n't like beer , and I 've never smoked pot , so I guess anything other than sex is work for me .
Although I love fixing computers , so even though I get paid for it , I do n't really consider it work . "
Depends on your definition , II .
" Really , the question about the question is :
Do you mean ' How many hours a day are you allocating to your job , ' vs. ' How many hours are you doing useful work for your employer ? "
Job is easily 9 - 10 a day .
Useful work is capped around 5 .
Overhead chews ( from expense reports to travel arranging , to yet another bozo who could n't be bothered coming to the meeting needing to be filled in ) up the rest . "
Depends on your definition , III .
" I 've worked 2 kinds of jobs , proactive and reactive .
The reactive kind is stuff like help desk or sysadmin .
Your presence is required for 8 hours ( or more ! ) , but during that time , you do n't have constant work .
You work when an issue flares up ( which is why it 's often compared to being a firefighter ) .
Some dweebs look at you ' not working ' and think ' what a waste ' or ' if you 're bored , I have something for you to do , ' but in the end , those are distractions , since those jobs require one to be instantly available .
" In a proactive job , the work is fairly continuous .
My engineering jobs of late have been like this .
When I run out of stuff to do automating the security needs of a large government 3 - letter agency , I move into server upgrading / modernization , or building a cluster solution , figuring redundancy and fault tolerance into the overall design .
In my architecture work , there are always opportunities to innovate new solutions and designs . "
There were those who see employers keeping score .
" Usually 9 - 10 per day .
If anyone is n't pulling an equal amount of the load around here , they have a bull 's eye on them for the next round of layoffs .
In fact , at this point , anyone working less than nine is pretty much a guaranteed casualty . "
And not everyone sees a choice in the matter .
" I'm an EE working in hardware development at a tech company in the upper Midwest .
Our workload and schedules are insane , yet the company is in the midst of still more layoffs .
My to - do list continually grows .
At the moment , it 's well over 100 non -trivial items and tasks .
Each single item is roughly four to 40 hours of concentrated work and at least a half - dozen of them are supposedly my top priority depending on who I ask at any given time .
I arrive at 7 a.m. and leave at 6 p.m .
I take an hour lunch at most , and at best I get to spend maybe 15 minutes across the entire day checking news sites , including Slashdot .
I 'm salaried , and thus not eligible for any OT .
I know many other hw engineers in the same boat . "
There was the obligatory " Office Space " reference .
" Yeah , but if you could go ahead and come in on Sunday too that would be great , yeah . "
And a lot of veering off on tangents .
That said , a careful study of my past shows that 40 % of my " sick " days have been taken on either Monday or Friday .
OK , I know what you 're asking now :
How many hours a day do I really work ?
Somewhere between enough and too many .
( Tuesday update : Among the Slashdot comments was one titled , " Retired , but working more than ever . "
It 's extremely sad and not directly related to the Slashdot poll , but I thought it was worth sharing , so you can find it in this separate post . )
Welcome regulars and passersby .
Here are a few more recent Buzzblog items .
And , if you 'd like to receive Buzzblog via e-mail newsletter , here 's where to sign up .
Follow me on Twitter here .
Mr. Brand , who is also a film archivist , said he began to think about a subway zoetrope while riding trains as a student at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago .
After moving to New York in the mid-1970s he began to experiment with ways to create one .
“ I was so naïve , ” he said .
He initially conceived of a much more ambitious project , using blownup photographs to create a virtual film strip behind the light - box walls .
He wanted to change the images regularly , making a movie , in essence , that subway riders would see only in little segments of 20 seconds or so , like a crazily attenuated version of the serials that once ran in theaters .
He came to understand that the images behind the walls needed to be bright and hyperactive to resonate in such a short time , so he began to think of the work as a moving painting .
But his basic ideas  of reversing the motion - picture paradigm by having the images stay still while the viewers were in motion ; of creating what he thought of as a movie that viewers would see a few seconds a day but repetitively over many years , a “ decades - long movie ”  remained the same .
“ One of the main motives for making Masstransiscope was to find out for myself  as someone who makes obscure films that not many people watch  if it would be different to have a mass audience , ” said Mr. Brand , who for several years in the early 1980s used to take an M.T.A. key that “ someone slipped me ” and descend into the abandoned Myrtle Avenue subway station where the light box sits to clean and repair the piece himself .
“ And what I discovered is that it really is n’t all that different , ” he said .
Except , perhaps , that he cultivated unlikely fans like Lou Corradi , a subway conductor who saw the piece several times a day for years in the early 1980s and loved it so much that he tracked down its creator .
“ So many passengers used to question me about your project , and I had no information to give them , sorta like when they asked about service delays !
( wink ) , ” Mr. Corradi wrote in an e-mail message to Mr. Brand in 2007 , after spotting the darkened hulk of the project on a subway trip .
If you are like many Americans , you made a New Year 's resolution , and , if you are like most of those people , you will have given up on it before the year ...
6 years ago
When Ruth Burns had surgery to relieve a pinched nerve in her back , the operation was supposed to be an “ in - and - out thing , ” recalled her daughter , Kacia Warren .
But Burns developed pneumonia and was put on a ventilator .
Five days later , she was discharged -- only to be rushed by her daughter to the hospital hours later , disoriented and in alarming pain .
Seventeen days after the surgery , the 67 - year - old nurse was dead .
Burns had developed meningitis -- an infection of the fluid that surrounds the spinal cord and brain .
The culprit was Acinetobacter baumannii , a bug that preys on the weak in hospitals .
Worse , it was a multi - drug - resistant strain .
Acinetobacter does n’t garner as many headlines as methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus , the dangerous superbug better known as MRSA .
But a January report by the Infectious Diseases Society of America warned that drug- resistant strains of Acinetobacter baumannii and two other microbes -- Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Klebsiella pneumoniae -- could soon produce a toll to rival MRSA’s .
The three bugs belong to a large category of bacteria called “ gram - negative ” that are especially hard to fight because they are wrapped in a double membrane and harbor enzymes that chew up many antibiotics .
As dangerous as MRSA is , some antibiotics can still treat it , and more are in development , experts say .
But the drugs once used to treat gram - negative bacteria are becoming ineffective , and finding effective new ones is especially challenging .
“ We ’re literally running out of drugs to treat gram - negatives , ” said Dr. Brad Spellberg , an infectious disease specialist at Harbor - UCLA Medical Center .
“ And there is nothing in the pipeline right now . ”
Exact numbers are hard to come by , because infections by these three bacteria are not reportable by law .
But using 2002 data voluntarily reported to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention from about 300 large , mostly urban hospitals , the Infectious Diseases Society of America identified about 104,000 gram - negative infections that were resistant to at least some antibiotics , roughly the same as the 102,000 MRSA infections found that year .
A class of broad - spectrum antibiotics known as carbapenems have been the drug of last resort for gram - negative bugs .
“ The carbapenems are . . . the best gram - negative drugs we have , ” said Dr. Helen Boucher of Tufts University , an infectious disease specialist .
“ These bugs have found a way to make an enzyme that dissolves these drugs .
That means our best gun is ineffective . ”
As the drugs fail , doctors find themselves as a last resort turning to older , more toxic ones such as colistin , largely abandoned because of the severe side effects : kidney damage and deafness .
At one East Coast hospital , the number of orders doctors made for colistin went from one in 2001 to 68 in 2007 , Boucher said .
“ This is a drug that ’s like poison , ” she said .
For the most part , gram - negative bacteria are hospital scourges -- harmless to healthy people but ready to infect already - damaged tissue .
The bacteria steal into the body via ventilator tubes , catheters , open wounds and burns , causing pneumonia , urinary tract infections , and bone , joint and bloodstream infections .
Pseudomonas is widely found in soil and water , and rarely causes problems except in hospitals .
Klebsiella causes a sudden , severe pneumonia , mostly in people already suffering from ailments such as diabetes or chronic lung disease .
Its telltale sign is a blood - tinged sputum dubbed “ currant jelly . ”
It can also cause urinary tract and abdominal infections .
Acinetobacter generally causes wound and bloodstream infections .
It has become notorious among veterans of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
They are believed to have contracted it in field hospitals and carried it to veterans hospitals in the U.S .
The first U.S. outbreak of Klebsiella resistant to all known antibiotics occurred at a Brooklyn hospital in 2000 .
The so - called pan-resistant strain has since been found along the Eastern Seaboard and throughout the Midwest .
A December report of Israeli hospitals found mortality rates from pan-resistant Klebsiella to be 44 % .
Doctors have no doubt that pan-resistant Klebsiella will show up in California and other states .
California hospitals are already encountering strains that , although not resistant to all known antibiotics , are resistant to many .
Harbor - UCLA had two cases of highly - drug - resistant Klebsiella last year , Spellberg said .
Similarly resistant strains of Pseudomonas and Acinetobacter also are on the rise , as are resistant strains of Escherichia coli , another gram - negative bacterium .
These four microbes are among the six leading causes of infections in hospitals , nursing homes and other healthcare settings , the Infectious Diseases Society of America reported .
The bacteria have remained largely off the public ’s radar , Boucher said , because they affect mostly the elderly or ill .
But they do not always limit themselves that way .
Drug-resistant Pseudomonas was behind the widely publicized Jan. 24 death of Brazilian beauty queen Mariana Bridi , 20 , of sepsis -- a bloodstream infection .
The health department in Espirito Santo , Brazil , said what began as a urinary tract infection spread rapidly .
Bridi died after doctors had tried to contain the rampaging infection by amputating her feet and hands and removing her kidneys .
--
mary.engel@latimes.com
By Detector | 08 February 2009
Giver is simple file sharing desktop application .
It works on Linux , at my case – Ubuntu and it allows you to easily drag and drop files to users on your network .
Other people running Giver will be automatically detected and you can send files by simply drag and drop files into their icon shown on Giver window or click on the recipient and select Give a file or Give a folder .
The recipient of the files is warned that a user wishes to send files so it can accept or decline them .
To install giver on Ubuntu open your terminal and enter :
sudo apt - get install giver
This application is absolute must in file transfers on your home or company network .
More on how to install on other Linux Distros can be found here .
Tags | Linux , Networking , Tools , Ubuntu
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date ; however , some of our partner offers may have expired .
Please review our list of best credit cards , or use our CardMatch ™ tool to find cards matched to your needs .
See updated story : Consumers lose access to major credit score
Come Feb. 14 , consumers will likely lose access to their FICO scores from credit bureau Experian , even though lenders will continue to use that score to make decisions about whether to extend credit .
Experian is one of the three major credit bureaus that keep massive databases recording how individuals and businesses handle credit .
Fair Isaac Corp. is the company that invented the widely used FICO score , which uses a complex formula to take the credit bureaus ’ data and distill it into three digits .
For six years , through a deal between the two companies , consumers could purchase the FICO score based on Experian ’s data , judge their creditworthiness and take steps to improve their scores .
On Feb .
4 , Fair Isaac revealed that Experian intends to pull the plug on the deal .
However , Experian has extended the contract allowing Fair Isaac to sell Experian FICO scores to lenders .
So while lenders will continue to use FICO scores based on Experian data , consumers wo n’t see the information lenders have in making lending decisions .
“ In effect , this means that consumers will no longer be able to see or manage the FICO scores that Experian is selling to lenders , ” FICO ’s announcement says .
As for why Experian would allow the score to be made available to lenders but not borrowers , “ That ’s certainly confusing for us as well , ” says Shon Dellinger , vice president of MyFico.com .
Experian offers alternatives
Experian says the decision does n’t mean borrowers will no longer have options — they can buy the credit scores that Experian creates , although few lenders look at Experian - generated scores in making decisions .
“ While this commercial agreement with myFICO.com is not strategic to Experian ’s overall business , we value the need for consumers to understand their credit reports and credit scores , ” Experian said in an e-mailed statement .
“ Consumers will continue to have many choices for obtaining credit scores based on Experian data , including from Experian websites and our many resellers .
Consumers can also assess their creditworthiness by purchasing credit scores developed by other credit reporting agencies or third parties , or FICO scores based on other bureaus ’ credit data . ”
Fair Isaac says that could prove problematic for borrowers .
“ We were really surprised by the decision , ” says Dellinger , noting that the timing of this decision is especially bad for potential borrowers .
Amid the ongoing credit crunch , “ consumers really need insight into the scores that lenders are using ” to make decisions , he says .
That includes scores based on Experian data .
Though Fair Isaac expressed surprise at the decision , it ’s not the first time the two companies have been at odds .
In 2006 , Fair Isaac sued the three credit bureaus over their introduction of VantageScore , a proprietary credit - scoring model that Fair Isaac alleges harmed the FICO brand .
The suit against Equifax was dropped in June 2008 but remains pending with regards to Experian and TransUnion .
We were really surprised by the decision .
– Shon Dellinger
VP , MyFICO.com
Move had been threatened previously
This is n’t even the first time Experian has threatened to yank Fair Isaac ’s ability to supply scores based on its data .
The credit bureau made a similar announcement several years ago but never followed through , according to Fair Isaac .
Whether Experian follows through this time remains to be seen .
Fair Isaac officials say they hope it does n’t , but they ’re making sure they alert their customers nonetheless .
The decision could impact three FICO products — FICO Credit Complete , which would be discontinued , as well as Suze Orman ’s FICO Kit and FICO Standard , which would still provide those FICO scores using data from Equifax and TransUnion . *
All three of those products currently include the Experian - based score .
As for consumers , “ we would make sure that they are not charged for any services that cannot be provided , ” Dellinger says , including annual renewal of FICO Credit Complete .
If the access is cut off , it represents a reversal to the trend toward increasing consumers ’ access to the data on which lenders base lending decisions .
Less than a decade ago , consumers were barred from seeing their credit scores .
Some small exceptions
Even if Experian does follow through with its plans , a very select group of consumers would continue to see their Experian - based FICO scores .
Fair Isaac says that on a monthly basis , customers of the Pennsylvania State Employees Credit Union will continue to have access to the same Experian FICO scores the lender is using , thanks to a deal the credit union had previously established with Experian .
( Other lenders , including Washington Mutual and HSBC , have similar programs with other credit bureaus but not with Experian . )
Additionally , customers who are rejected for mortgages based on their lowest FICO scores will be able to see the score used in that decision , which in some cases could be the Experian - based score .
Fair Isaac does n’t see much benefit in that arrangement .
“ That ’s learning about it at the wrong end of the decision process , ” says Craig Watts , Fair Isaac ’s public relations director .
See related : Credit score estimator , Fed report : Banks continue to tighten lending standards , More Americans get free FICO scores
* — The story as originally published misstated the number of FICO products that could be discontinued .
Corrections policy
One month ago , Zooborns brought you two amur leopard babies born at the Wildlife Heritage Foundation ...
Now , just three months old , " Argun " and " Anuy " are back ... and this time ... they 've got fangs !
CAUTION : THE FOLLOWING IMAGES ARE NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART ...
Adorable Amur Leopard Babies Part 2
coming to a browser near you ...
Special
Thanks to Nick Jewell for risking life and limb to bring us these shots !
From VuzeWiki
" Bad " * is a relative and subjective term , and we only mean to imply that there may be issues for users of certain ISPs , as identified more fully on this page .
The following is a list of Internet service providers ( ISPs ) that are believed to cause trouble for BitTorrent clients , Online Gaming and / or other P2P clients and the reason why .
If your ISP is not on the list and you have reason to believe they are shaping traffic , you might consider helping others and adding the information to the list here .
However , before you do that , please ensure that you have read about good settings and NAT problems , and your entries are accurate .
You might also test with the built - in Mlab speed test in Vuze for your effective speeds and also for possible traffic shaping / throttling / blocking activity .
Go to Help menu , select " Speed test ... " and run the " General speed test " .
One of the biggest problems are providers that perform traffic shaping on P2P protocols , see Avoid traffic shaping for advice on how to counter that .
You may consider whether you want that if your ISP is listed with an encryption level greater than 0 or a question mark .
It may also benefit people if dates are mentioned as these can be a reference point to whether the information is current or outdated .
ISPs by country [ edit ]
Algeria [ edit ]
ISP limits BitTorrent bandwidth Tier 1 partners might 1 proposed Encryption level limits bandwidth for accounts with a high traffic volume limits bandwidth during certain times of the day prevents seeding 2 prevents / filters . torrent download 3 causes unsolvable NAT problem offers no real flatrate Algérie Télécom Yes No ?
No Yes Yes Yes Yes No
Armenia [ edit ]
Argentina [ edit ]
Australia [ edit ]
Austria [ edit ]
ISP limits BitTorrent bandwidth Tier 1 partners might 1 proposed Encryption level limits bandwidth for accounts with a high traffic volume limits bandwidth during certain times of the day prevents seeding 2 prevents / filters . torrent download 3 causes unsolvable NAT problem offers no real flatrate UPC , Austria No No No No No No No No No Orange , Austria No No ?
No No No No Yes Yes
Belgium [ edit ]
Belarus [ edit ]
Barbados [ edit ]
ISP limits BitTorrent bandwidth Tier 1 partners might 1 proposed Encryption level limits bandwidth for accounts with a high traffic volume limits bandwidth during certain times of the day prevents seeding 2 prevents / filters . torrent download 3 causes unsolvable NAT problem offers no real flatrate Cable and Wireless Yes No ?
No No No No No No
Bolivia [ edit ]
Brazil [ edit ]
Canada [ edit ]
Canada has resellers and wholesale .
Resellers do n't have their own equipment , and just resell large ISPs services .
Wholesale will own their own equipment , and provide their own transit out of the large ISP 's network .
This prevents duplication of ' last mile ' infrastructure .
Note many wholesale companies wholesale DSL and Cable across the country from various large ISPs , so everything is based on the larger ISP they 're whole - selling .
Due to the way wholesale works in Canada ( wholesale equipment is generally AFTER incumbent DPI systems ) , all Wholesale ISPs will be affected in the same way for each area .
Bell DSL
Wholesale : Does not throttle
Rogers Cable Wholesale : Does not throttle
Shaw Cable Wholesale : Bittorrent uploads are managed to 80 kbps only on congested nodes .
All management is removed once the node has been upgraded ( ie approx 2 months ) .
Chile [ edit ]
China [ edit ]
Costa Rica [ edit ]
Croatia [ edit ]
ISP limits BitTorrent bandwidth 3
Tier 1 partners might shape proposed Encryption level limits bandwidth for accounts with a high traffic volume limits bandwidth during certain times of the day prevents seeding prevents / filters . torrent download 3 causes unsolvable NAT problem offers no real flatrate OK - TV Yes Yes Not helping Yes No Yes Yes No No
Czech Republic [ edit ]
ISP limits BitTorrent bandwidth Tier 1 partners might 1 proposed Encryption level limits bandwidth for accounts with a high traffic volume limits bandwidth during certain times of the day prevents seeding 2 prevents / filters . torrent download 3 causes unsolvable NAT problem offers no real flatrate UPC , czech republic Yes No ?
No No No No No No
Denmark [ edit ]
ISP limits BitTorrent bandwidth Tier 1 partners might 1 proposed Encryption level limits bandwidth for accounts with a high traffic volume limits bandwidth during certain times of the day prevents seeding 2 prevents / filters . torrent download 3 causes unsolvable NAT problem offers no real flatrate Sydfynsne No No 0 No No No No Yes No
Finland [ edit ]
ISP limits BitTorrent bandwidth Tier 1 partners might 1 proposed Encryption level limits bandwidth for accounts with a high traffic volume limits bandwidth during certain times of the day prevents seeding 2 prevents / filters . torrent download 3 causes unsolvable NAT problem offers no real flatrate Elisa , ( Saunalahti internet ) No No 0 No No No Access to the Piratebay is prevented .
Works with proxy though No No
France [ edit ]
Germany [ edit ]
T - Systems is the Tier 1 provider for Germany and they either manually throttle all BitTorrent characteristic traffic ( encrypted or not ) by throttling all traffic for the entire PPPoE session within 5 minutes after connections have been established or they have a constantly recurring overloading problem at their gateways and routers ( which according to MaxMind GeoIP are in the Netherlands , curiously ) , the extremes at which is throttled vary but are usually between 100 kbps and 500 kbps , with the effects much more severe if BitTorrent mainlineDHT is in use , IPv6 over a 6to4 tunnel is transferring data or the more active TCP connections you have or if UDP connections are used .
This is evidenced by the fact that the download speed is much higher shortly after start , than it is after said 5 minute window ( this includes a parallel running FTP or HTTP transfer ) , even though the number and bandwidth available through remote test hosts far exceeds the badwidth available for the local host .
If BitTorrent traffic stops on the session , it can take up to 15 minutes but bandwidth will return to normal state ( via HTTP and FTP ) .
Bandwidth will also return to the normal state if the PPPoE connection on a DSL router is severed and reinitialized .
After analysis and testing via residential DSL connections , cable connections and hosts in datacenters , it is evident that the throttling either occurs at the Tier 1 level or that all connections which run over DTAG operated lines are affected ( DTAG owns and maintains all physical connections in Germany and several surrounding areas ) .
There is currently no perfect solution to mitigate their traffic shaping effects , be they intentional or unintentional , but the fewer IP connections are active , the better the results for possible speed .
Mitigating the problem :
Use encryption level 4 ( has no real effect , but will prevent them from finding a new shaping method too quickly ) , set outgoing connections to a fixed source port ( Tools -> Options -> Connection -> Advanced Network Settings -> Bind to local Port ) which is different from your incoming port ( this will only work on Windows 2000 and newer or Linux based operating systems ) .
Do not forward this port in your NAT device or firewall to prevent rogue clients or man in the middle devices from sending packets to it .
Further recommendation , if you have an IP v6 capable NAT device :
Find a reliable 6to4 tunneling provider ( try SixXS ) , use Java 7 and enable the checkbox at Tools -> Options -> Connection -> Advanced Network Settings ->
Enable IP v6 support but disable the checkbox at Prefer IP v6 addresses when both IP v4 and IP v6 are available .
Please be aware that this is only a temporary solution and you may get a lot of NAT errors with some of your torrents ( you 're still reachable via the old forwarded incoming ports ) .
Greece [ edit ]
Guyana [ edit ]
ISP limits BitTorrent bandwidth Tier 1 partners might 1 proposed Encryption level limits bandwidth for accounts with a high traffic volume limits bandwidth during certain times of the day prevents seeding 2 prevents / filters . torrent download 3 causes unsolvable NAT problem offers no real flatrate www.gtt.co.gy GT&T DSL Lite Yes Yes ?
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes www.gtt.co.gy GT&T DSL No No ?
No Yes No No No No
Avoid Guyana Telephone and Telegraph Co. ( GT&T ) Dsl Lite
At all cost .
Its cheaper but its not worth it
Hong Kong [ edit ]
ISP limits BitTorrent bandwidth Tier 1 partners might 1 proposed Encryption level limits bandwidth for accounts with a high traffic volume limits bandwidth during certain times of the day prevents seeding 2 prevents / filters . torrent download 3 causes unsolvable NAT problem offers no real flatrate [ City Telecom , Hong Kong ] Yes Yes 2 + Yes Yes No No No No
Hungary [ edit ]
India [ edit ]
ISP limits BitTorrent bandwidth Tier 1 partners might 1 proposed Encryption level limits bandwidth for accounts with a high traffic volume limits bandwidth during certain times of the day prevents seeding 2 prevents / filters . torrent download 3 causes unsolvable NAT problem offers no real flatrate [ Tikona , India ] Yes No RC4 Yes Yes Yes No No Yes [ BSNL Dataone , India ] Yes No RC4 Yes Yes Yes No Yes Yes [ Reliance Netconnect + , India ]
Yes Yes 0 Yes Yes Yes No No Yes [ Reliance Broadband , India ] Yes No 2 + Yes Yes Yes Yes No Yes [ MTNL Triband , India ] Yes No 0 Yes Yes Yes No No Yes [ SIFY , India ] Yes No 0 Yes Yes Yes No No Yes [ Airtel Broadband , India ] Yes Yes 2 + Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes [ Tata Photon+ , India ] Yes Yes 2 + Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Indonesia [ edit ]
Iran [ edit ]
Israel [ edit ]
ISP limits BitTorrent bandwidth Tier 1 partners might 1 proposed Encryption level limits bandwidth for accounts with a high traffic volume limits bandwidth during certain times of the day prevents seeding 2 prevents / filters . torrent download 3 causes unsolvable NAT problem offers no real flatrate 012 NET , Israel Does n't limit bandwidth , but breaks connections to seeds / peers outside Israel No 5 No Yes No No Yes Yes
Italy [ edit ]
All Italian ISPs block Thepiratebay.org by law
ISP limits BitTorrent bandwidth Tier 1 partners might 1 proposed Encryption level limits bandwidth for accounts with a high traffic volume limits bandwidth during certain times of the day prevents seeding 2 prevents / filters . torrent download 3 causes unsolvable NAT problem offers no real flatrate Fastweb No No 2 No No No No , but in October 2012 , kickasstorrents ( kat.ph ) was blocked , though it is easily circumvented by using Google 's DNS server instead of Fastweb 's one .
Yes No Telecom Italia No No 2 No No No No , but the whole thepiratebay.org site is blocked .
In early May 2012 , kickasstorrents ( kat.ph ) was also blocked , though it is easily circumvented by using Google 's DNS server instead of Italy 's automatic one .
No No
Japan [ edit ]
ISP limits BitTorrent bandwidth Tier 1 partners might 1 proposed Encryption level limits bandwidth for accounts with a high traffic volume limits bandwidth during certain times of the day prevents seeding 2 prevents / filters . torrent download 3 causes unsolvable NAT problem offers no real flatrate Zaq By J:COM Yes Yes 5 Yes No No No , Thepiratebay.org blocked but Thepiratebay.se is not .
Yes Yes
My WiMax are adamant they do n't throttle or in any way shape , but it can't be coincidence that every time I download my connection will be cut .
J:COM ( zaq ) start speed throttling from August2011.160 M connection only shows 15 to 20 K speed .
They admit that P2P is blocked from now .
J:COM ( Zaq ) Ultra 160M , Osaka area .
Throttling speeds on all P2P connections only on their 160 M plan .
60 Kbyte/s - 70 K byte /s down speed .
HTTP / FTP downloads 8 - 12 Mbyte/s. 40 M connection plan seems to be unaffected .
This is not stipulated in their contract and thus a change of ISP with an early termination of contract can be obtained without penalty as a result of their own restrictions being placed on a connection without notice .
When arranging the change of ISP , remember to argue the point that it is not stated in the contract and that you took out this connection under the belief that you were receiving and unconditional 160 M connection .
Do not budge on it .
I just got off the phone with J:COM .
They have also started throttling P2P on my 160 MB connection .
It now reaches about 150 kb ( not kB ) per second maximum .
HTTP downloads can still reach speed of up to 3 MB / second however .
Softbank BB Ultrawifi service blocks P2P traffic .
If you open Bittorent the Internet will just stop working completely .
I found that if you pause all torrents and only let one at a time go , it 'll let you stay connected for about 20 minutes and then kick you .
So -net " NTT - West Hikari with flets NEXT " ( 200 M bps in best effort ) does n't block Bittorrent Protocol ( at least in Hiroshima prefecture ) and up / down speed can be over 180 Mbps , but over 30 GB / day upload is not allowed and if you over that , you may receive a warning mail .
Use the Speed Limit Scheduler to set your limits .
Emobile and ( maybe ) softbank , ( via cell phone tether , unlimited data plan )
Tracker comms are blocked , you need to use a proxy for at least tracker comms .
Transport requires a minimum of plain encryption
High port numbers do n't seem to work .
Kenya [ edit ]
ISP limits BitTorrent bandwidth Tier 1 partners might 1 proposed Encryption level limits bandwidth for accounts with a high traffic volume limits bandwidth during certain times of the day prevents seeding 2 prevents / filters . torrent download 3 causes unsolvable NAT problem offers no real flatrate comment Kenya Data Networks Yes No ?
Yes No Yes Yes No
No miraculously reformed after appearing here :) Zuku Yes No ?
Yes Yes Yes No No Yes Speeds are often capped to slower than what was paid for .
512 becomes 256 .
They say HEAVY NETWORK LOAD , but it seems they are putting profits before customers , bad business practice .
Kuwait [ edit ]
Malaysia [ edit ]
In 2011 , Malaysia goverment release the statement that force ISP to block 10 file sharing site including Pirate Bay and Filestube .
This action has make all people that use this ISP in Malaysia make a protest due to this action .
International group , Anonymous make respond to this block and attack some of Malaysia site and join by some of local hacker group DragonForce .
After that , Anonymous release a method to all Malaysia about technique to bypass this block using method that call Google DNS .
Malaysia ISP also limit P2P using technique call Traffic
Shaping that do n't allow Malaysia people to download file from other country using P2P method due to bandwitch reason .
Maldives [ edit ]
Mexico [ edit ]
Namibia [ edit ]
Netherlands [ edit ]
ISP
limits BitTorrent bandwidth [ Tier1 ] partners might 1
proposed Encryption level limits bandwidth for accounts with a high traffic volume limits bandwidth during certain times of the day prevents seeding 2 prevents / filters . torrent download 3 causes unsolvable NAT problem offers no real flatrate Ziggo , Netherlands Yes Yes ?
Yes Yes No No No No T - Mobile Netherlands
Yes ? ?
Yes ?
No No No No
In 2015 UPC and Ziggo have merged .
Ziggo is now the biggest internet service provider in the Netherlands and owned by Liberty Global
The merger of the UPC and Ziggo into one network provider has caused a lot of complications .
Almost 40 % of the customers in the Netherlands are reporting problems with Ziggo alles in 1 packages .
This means that a quarter of the subscribers does have problems .
Ziggo reported that they are working on the issues and that they will solve the problems .
The cable market in the Netherlands is made up for several small regional and more than 15 town based players .
If you want to subscribe to one of them , you will find a complete overview of Dutch ISPs on several dutch websites .
In the Netherlands you can compare on several websites like alles in een .
You can compare all the providers which are available on your postalcode and housenumber .
At the moment the following providers are available : KPN , Ziggo , XS4ALL , T - mobile , NLE , Online , Youfone , Tele2 and Oxxio .
On 22.2.2016 Liberty Global announced that Ziggo will merge with Vodafone .
Vodafone is available via fiberglass .
The availability of fiberglass in the Netherlands you can check also check on several websites .
Meanwhile Ziggo and Vodafone have been merged but Vodafone is not active anymore as ISP .
Maximize your download speed , compare internet providers and packages .
T - mobile is going to merge with Tele2 .
In 2020 they promisse 5G .
T - mobile is offering internet packages with a speed of 750 Mb/s .
New Zealand [ edit ]
Pakistan [ edit ]
ISP limits BitTorrent bandwidth Tier 1 partners might 1 proposed Encryption level limits bandwidth for accounts with a high traffic volume limits bandwidth during certain times of the day prevents seeding 2 prevents / filters . torrent download 3 causes unsolvable NAT problem offers no real flatrate Nexlinx , Pakistan Yes Yes ?
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Panama [ edit ]
ISP limits BitTorrent bandwidth Tier 1 partners might 1 proposed Encryption level limits bandwidth for accounts with a high traffic volume limits bandwidth during certain times of the day prevents seeding 2 prevents / filters . torrent download 3 causes unsolvable NAT problem offers no real flatrate Cable & Wireless , Panama No No 2 No No No No Yes No
Perú [ edit ]
Note : Only Tested on mobile Internet services .
This ISP uses D.P.I. ( Deep Packet Inspection ) to avoid some tests ( such as Bittorrent specific test ) , stronger encryption levels may cause disconnections .
Update 15/02/2012 : Now Claro is choking access to TCP / UDP ports because of paranoid policies on their NAT , especially during the day or certain sites ( badongo , mediafire , some trackers such as TPB or KAT , etc ) .
This does not only affect p2 p .
About Claro ISP restrictions ( in Spanish ) : http://es.scribd.com/doc/51920923/Clarogate-2-0-La-apelacion
Update 04/05/2012 : Since last month , Claro has been blocking the Glasnost Test ( http://broadband.mpi-sws.org/transparency/glasnost.php) choking any port that uses it .
Fortunately , I successfully did a test and discovered the cause ( http://es.scribd.com/doc/91667533/Clarogate-2-1-un-ano-despues).
Update 14/10/2012 : Now Claro is unfriendly with VPN services and privacy .
Last week they blocked a Swedish provider , VPNTunnel ( http://www.scribd.com/doc/109732457/ , in Spanish ) .
Notes :
- Olo limits Bittorrent traffic to 32 KBps on download , not sure about limitations over upload speeds ( blocking seeding ? ) .
But unlike Claro , RC4 encryption can boost up downloads in some cases .
First proof about Olo 's traffic shaping here ( in Spanish , I apologize about troll posts on it ) : http://www.peruhardware.net/foros/showpost.php?p=2826374&postcount=998
- Olo is also unfriendly with PPTP protocol ( used by some VPN services ) , perhaps that is blocked although that measure is illegal in Peru ( our regulator OSIPTEL has had net neutrality references since 2005 and became law in 2012 ) .
OpenVPN works .
And like Claro , Olo is tricking several speed / line tests as Glasnost or Vuze specific test , and even Speedtest was pointed as target from its tricks .
Credits to nanohtpc who found that gaps ( in Spanish ) .
http://es.scribd.com/doc/118121354/El-troleo-de-OLO
(*) Starting one month ago people discovered cache proxies and strange behavior from streaming sites over all Telefonica Internet services .
That is very related to traffic shaping over streaming services , and the reason Telefonica is on this blacklist .
There is no proof about P2P traffic shaping for now , but maybe not for long .
People are opening their eyes .
http://www.bloodzone.net/forums/f10/porque-youtube-y-n-streams-estan-relentos-ultimamente-106421/
( in Spanish too )
Philippines [ edit ]
Portugal [ edit ]
Russia [ edit ]
Saudi Arabia [ edit ]
Serbia [ edit ]
Singapore [ edit ]
Note # 1 : Rate limit is set for outgoing SMTP ( TCP Port 25 ) and DNS ( TCP / UDP Port 53 ) connections which is to prevent spamming from mail servers and DDoS attacks respectively .
Note # 2 : MyRepublic uses Network Prioritization System which is basically flexible throttling .
Note # 3 : Unroutable private class B IP address - did not inform customers nor indicate on their website .
Unless subscriber pays one - time $ 50 for static IP ( which MyRepublic will assign public IP address ) .
Slovakia [ edit ]
ISP limits BitTorrent bandwidth Tier 1 partners might 1 proposed Encryption level limits bandwidth for accounts with a high traffic volume limits bandwidth during certain times of the day prevents seeding 2 prevents / filters . torrent download 3 causes unsolvable NAT problem offers no real flatrate BBNetWorld No Yes 2 No No Yes No Yes No
South Africa [ edit ]
Spain [ edit ]
Switzerland [ edit ]
Thailand [ edit ]
BuddyBB
Home package used TOT line .
International bandwidth was limited to 256 Kb/s - 1 Mb/s .
True Internet highly throttle torrent traffic during day time .
You have to download during night ( after 1 am GMT+ 7 ) to get unthrottled speed .
Most of home Internet in Thailand is connected via ADSL thus upload rate usually very slow by specification .
Ukraine [ edit ]
ISP limits BitTorrent bandwidth Tier 1 partners might 1 proposed Encryption level limits bandwidth for accounts with a high traffic volume limits bandwidth during certain times of the day prevents seeding 2 prevents / filters . torrent download 3 causes unsolvable NAT problem offers no real flatrate MKT , UA No No No No No No No No No
United Kingdom [ edit ]
The following ISPs have been updated on 5/9/2014
UK Telecoms Market Data Tables update for 2014 has revealed that the United Kingdom is now home to a total of 22,808,000 fixed line residential and small business broadband ISP connections ( excluding corporate lines ) , which is up by +1 % on the previous quarter .
Meanwhile more fixed phone line customers are going mobile , Also the report reveals that there are now a total of 32.99 million fixed phone lines .
Eclipse Internet P2P bandwidth is limited to 448 Kb/s from 4 pm to 11 pm , You have to download during night from 11 pm till 7 am next morning .
UK Mobile Broadband causes NAT issues !
However Three /3 UK is the best but limited phone masks .
55 % of home internet in the United Kingdom is connected via ADSL / ADSL+2
However generally 85 % of properties will see their street cabinet enabled for FTTC / FTTP on there exchange , UK has £ 2.5 billion to invest in the technology which will allow them to reach two thirds of the country by the end of 2014 so therefore ADSL / ADSL+2 would get replaced with one of the following FTTC / FTTP / FTTH .
32 % of home internet in the United Kingdom is connected via a Virgin Media ( Cable Modems ) , What has download speeds of up to 152 Mbps and upload speed of 12 Mbps , The lowest is package is 50 M bps Download and 3 M bps upload , Please see Note 16 as this is not a great ISP - There is another company that uses the same technology is smallworld but im not sure on the info on this ISP .
Since 2009 - 22 % of home internet in the United Kingdom is connected via FTTC / FTTP / FTTH .
United States of America [ edit ]
Venezuela [ edit ]
Challenged entries [ edit ]
Entries listed here have been challenged by at least one person and require further verification
Statistics [ edit ]
29/180 ISPs are " good "
Notes [ edit ]
Peak times are 4 pm - Midnight , Monday - Sunday ( including Christmas and Bank Holidays ) , UK time .
*" Bad " is a relative and subjective term , and we only mean to imply that there may be issues for users of certain ISPs , as identified more fully on this page .
Many of the ISPs discussed are good for many other reasons .
You should determine for yourself what you think about these ISPs .
We want to again stress that we respect the rights of copyright and other rights holders , and hope and expect that you do too .
Any use of Vuze® or Vuze + ™ that violates an intellectual property right or any right of a third party is not allowed .
Please do not infringe upon copyright .
Content available through Vuze® or Vuze + ™ may or may not comply with copyright laws in your territory or country , and Vuze is not responsible for content you may download or share .
For additional information regarding Vuze® and Vuze+™ , including whether content available on or through Vuze , the site , and Vuze® and Vuze+™ , the P2P applications , are " legal " please see http://wiki.vuze.com/w/FAQ_Legal.
If you are the exclusive copyright holder of any works available on or through the Vuze site ( not the P2P applications ) and you would like that material to be removed from the Vuze site please see our DMCA removal process here and also here
See also [ edit ]
Bad routers for Routers causing trouble with Azureus
how to Avoid traffic shaping
Is an umbrella organization a good choice for Gentoo ?
Michał Górny ( mgorny ) • August 25 , 2020 , 17:59
The talk of joining an umbrella organization and disbanding the Gentoo Foundation ( GF ) has been recurring over the last years .
To the best of my knowledge , even some unofficial talks have been had earlier .
However , so far our major obstacle for joining one was the bad standing of the Gentoo Foundation with the IRS .
Now that that is hopefully out of the way , we can start actively working towards it .
But why would we want to join an umbrella in the first place ?
Is n’t having our own dedicated Foundation better ?
I believe that an umbrella is better for three reasons :
Long - term sustainability .
A dedicated professional entity that supports multiple projects has better chances than a small body run by volunteers from the developer community .
Cost efficiency .
Less money spent on organizational support , more money for what really matters to Gentoo .
Added value .
Umbrellas can offer us services and status that we currently have n’t been able to achieve .
I ’ll expand on all three points .
Long - term sustainability
As you probably know by now , the Gentoo Foundation was not handled properly in the past .
For many years , we have failed to file the necessary paperwork or pay due taxes .
Successive boards of Trustees have either ignored the problem or were unable to resolve it .
Only recently have we finally managed to come clean .
Now , many people point out that since we ’re clean now , the problem is solved .
However , I would like to point out that our good standing currently depends on one person doing the necessary bookkeeping , and a professional CPA doing the filings for us .
The former means a bus factor of one , the latter means expenses .
So far all efforts to train a backup have failed .
My point is , as long as Foundation exists we need to rely either on volunteers or on commercial support to keep it running .
If we fail , it could be a major problem for Gentoo .
We might not get away with it the next time .
What ’s more important , if we get into bad standing again , the chances of an umbrella taking us would decrease .
Remember that the umbrellas that interest us were founded precisely to support open source projects .
They have professional staff to handle legal and financial affairs of their members .
Gentoo Foundation on the other hand has staff of Gentoo developers — programmers , scientists but not really bookkeepers or lawyers .
Sure , many of us run small companies but so far we lacked volunteers being equipped and willing to seriously handle GF .
Cost efficiency
So far I ’ve been focusing on the volunteer - run Foundation .
However , if we lack capable volunteers we can always rely on commercial support .
The problem with that is that ’s really expensive .
Admittedly , being part of an umbrella is not free either but so far it seems that even the costliest umbrellas are cheaper than being on our own .
Let ’s crunch some numbers !
Right now we ’re already relying on a CPA to handle our filings .
For a commercial company ( we are one now ) , the cost is $ 1500 a year .
If we wanted to go for proper non-profit , the estimated cost is between $ 2000 and $ 3000 a year .
If we were to pass full accounting to an external company , the rough estimate I ’ve been given by Trustees is $ 2400 .
So once our volunteer bookkeeper retires , we ’re talking of around $ 4000 + larger taxes for a corporation , or $ 4500 to $ 5500 + very little taxes for a non-profit .
How does that compare to our income ?
I ’ve created the following chart according to the financial reports .
♦
The chart is focused on estimating expected cash income within the particular year .
Therefore , commission back payments were omitted from it .
In the full version ( click for it ) , GSoC back payments were moved to their respective years too .
Small donations are the key point here , as they are more reliable than other sources of income .
Over the years , they varied between $ 5000 and $ 12000 , amounting to $ 7200 on average .
Over the years , we had a few larger ( > $ 1000 ) donations but we ca n’t rely on these in the next years ( especially that they were none in FY2020 ) .
The next major source of income was Google Summer of Code that I ’ve split into cash and travel reimbursement .
The former only counts towards actual cash , and again , we ca n’t really rely on it reliably happening in the future .
Interest and commission have minimal impact .
The point is , full bookkeeping services come dangerously close to our baseline annual income .
On average , it would eat half of our budget !
In 2014 , if not for large donations ( which are pretty much 0/1 thing ) we would have ended up with loss .
We ’re talking about a situation where we can end up spending more on organization overhead than on Gentoo !
Even if we take the optimistic approach , we ’re talking about costs at around 20 % to 45 % income according to the past years .
This is much more than the 10 % taken by SFC ( and SFC is n’t exactly cheap ) .
Added value
So far I ’ve been focusing on the effort / money necessary to keep the Gentoo Foundation as - is .
That is , a for - profit corporation that spends some money on Infrastructure and CPA , and whose biggest non-infra investment in Gentoo was the Nitrokey giveaway .
Over the recent years , the possibility of becoming a non-profit was discussed .
The primary advantages of that would be tax deduction for the Foundation , and tax deduction for donors in the USA ( hopefully convincing more people to donate ) .
However , becoming a non-profit is non-trivial , requires additional effort and most likely increases maintenance costs .
That is , if our application is not rejected like Yorba Foundation was .
On the other hand , if we join a non-profit umbrella ( such as SFC ) , we get that as part of the deal !
Another interesting point is increasing actual spending on Gentoo , particularly by issuing bounties on actual development work .
If we were to become a non -profit , some legal advice would be greatly desirable here and again , that ’s something umbrellas offer .
On the other hand , if we spend more and more money on keeping the Gentoo Foundation alive we probably wo n’t have much to spend on this anyway .
So why keep GF alive ?
That ’s precisely the question .
Some developers argue that an external umbrella could try to take control of Gentoo , and limit our freedom .
However , given that we ’re going to sign a specific contract with an umbrella , I do n’t see this as very likely .
On the other hand , keeping GF alive does n’t guarantee Gentoo autonomy either — given the lack of interest in becoming a Trustee , it is possible that Foundation will eventually be taken over by people who want to aggressively take control of Gentoo against the will of the greater community .
In fact , until very recently you could become a Trustee without getting a single vote of support if there were not enough candidates to compete over seats ( and there usually were n’t ) .
Then , there are snarky people who believe that the GF exists so that non-developers could reap negligible profits from Foundation membership , and people who would never be voted into the Council could win Trustee elections and enhance their CVs .
In any case , I think that the benefits of an umbrella organization outweigh the risks .
I believe sustainability is the most important value here — a reasonable guarantee that Gentoo will not get into trouble in a few years because we could n’t manage to find volunteers to run the Foundation or money to cover the accounting costs .
Not mine , but you might want to take a look .
By the way , the cartoon of Obama throwing away money would be funny , if it werent a reality of what he 's doing with Americans hard earned money .
FerFAL
February 09 , 2009 IssueCopyright © 2009 The American Conservative[img ]
http://www.amconmag.com//Cover/AmConservative-2009feb09[/img]How inflation turned a rising power into a pauperBy Philip JenkinsAnyone not alarmed by the state of the U.S. economy is not paying attention .
As our Dear Leader begins his term , the theory of very big government has the support of an alarmingly broad political consensus .
Despite the obvious dangers — devastating inflation and the ruin of the dollar — the United States seems pledged to a debt - funded spending spree of gargantuan proportions .
In opposing this trend , critics face the problem that the perils to which they point sound very theoretical and abstract .
Perhaps Zimbabwe prints its currency in multi-trillion units , but that ’s a singularly backward African dictatorship : the situation has nothing to do with us .
Yet an example closer to home might be more instructive .
Unlike Zimbabwe , this story involves a flourishing Western country with a large middle class that nevertheless managed to spend its way into banana - republic status by means very similar to those now being proposed in Washington .
The country in question is Argentina , and even mentioning the name might initially make any comparison seem tenuous .
The United States is a superpower with a huge economy .
Argentina is a political and economic joke , a global weakling legendary for endemic economic crises .
Between them and us , surely , a great gulf is fixed .
Yet Argentina did not always have its present meager status , nor did its poverty result from some inherent Latin American affinity for crisis and corruption .
A century ago , Argentina was one of the world ’s emerging powers , seemingly destined to outpace all but the greatest imperial states .
Today it is … Argentina .
A national decline on that scale did not just happen : it was the result of decades of struggle and systematic endeavor , led by the nation ’s elite .
As the nation ’s greatest writer , Jorge Luis Borges , once remarked , only generations of statesmanship could have prevented Argentina from becoming a world power .
For Americans , the Argentine experience offers multiple warnings , not just about how dreadfully things can go wrong but how a nation can reach a point of no return .
Not only did Argentina squander its many blessings , it created a situation from which the society could never recover .
Argentines still suffer from the blunders and hubris of their grandparents without any serious likelihood that even their most strenuous efforts will make a difference .
A nation can get into such a situation easily enough , but getting out is a different matter .
A corrupted economy ca n’t be cured without being wiped out and started over .
It is hard , looking at the basket case Argentina has become , to imagine what an economic powerhouse the country was before World War II .
From the 1880s , Argentina was , alongside the U.S. itself , a prime destination for European migrants .
Buenos Aires was one of the world ’s largest metropolitan areas , in a select club that included London , Paris , Berlin , and New York City .
Argentina benefited mightily from foreign investment , which it used wisely to create a strong infrastructure and an excellent system of free mass education .
It had the largest and most prosperous middle class in Latin America .
When World War I began , Argentina was the world ’s tenth wealthiest nation .
Right up to the 1940s , American and European economists struggled to explain the glaring contrast between booming Argentina and slothful Australia .
As many studies pointed out , both countries had begun at a roughly similar point , as agricultural producers dependent on fickle world markets .
Yet Australia remained stuck in colonial status while Argentina made the great leap forward to the status of an advanced nation with an expanding industrial base and sophisticated commerce .
So what happened ?
Certainly the country was hit hard by the depression of the 1930s , but so were other advanced nations that ultimately recovered , and Argentina profited from intense wartime demand for primary products .
The country was killed by political decisions , and the primary culprit was Juan Perón .
He dominated political life through the 1940s and ruled officially as president from 1946 to 1955 , returning briefly in the 1970s .
Although he did not begin the process , he completed the transformation of Argentine government so that the state became both an object of plunder and an instrument for plunder .
Perón came from a fascist and corporatist mindset , which became more aggressively populist under the influence of his second wife Eva .
They aimed their rhetoric against the nation ’s rich , a designation that was swiftly expanded to cover most of the propertied middle classes , who became an enemy to be defeated and humiliated .
To equalize the supposed struggle between the rich and the dispossessed , the Peróns exalted the liberating role of the state .
The bureaucracy swelled alarmingly as nationalization brought key sectors of the economy under official control .
Government bought loyalty through a massive program of social spending while fostering the growth of labor unions , which became intimate allies of the governing party .
Argentina came to be the most unionized nation in Latin America .
Perón also ended any pretense of the independence of the judiciary , purging and intimidating judges about whom he had any doubts and replacing them with minions .
The Peronist model — a New Deal on steroids — evolved into an effective clientelism , in which party overlords and labor bosses ruled through a mixture of corruption and violence .
Clientelism , in effect , means the annexation of state resources for the benefit of political parties and private networks .
Right now , both the word and the concept are not terribly familiar to Americans , but this is one Latin American export that they may soon need to get used to .
As high taxes and economic mismanagement took their toll , the Peróns blamed the disasters on class enemies at home and imperialism abroad , but the regime could not survive the loss of the venerated Eva .
After attempting briefly to swing back to the center , Juan Perón was overthrown and driven into Spanish exile .
Later governments tried varying strategies to reclaim Argentina ’s lost splendors and some enjoyed success , but Perón ’s curse endured .
Even when his party was driven underground , its traditions remained : demagogic populism , a perception of the state as a device for enriching supporters and punishing foes , and a contempt for economic realities .
Utopian mass movements inspired by Peronist ideas and charisma segued easily into the far - left upsurge of the 1960s , when Argentina gave birth to some of the world ’s most dangerous terrorist and guerrilla movements .
By 1976 , the military intervened to stave off the imminent collapse of the state and launched the notorious Dirty War that killed thousands .
Since 1976 , Argentine economic policies have lurched from catastrophe to catastrophe .
The military junta borrowed enormously with no serious thought about consequences , and the structures of Argentine society made it impossible to tell how funds were being invested .
Foreign debt exploded , the deficit boomed , and inflation approached 100 percent a year .
Economic meltdown had disastrous political consequences .
By 1982 , like many other dictatorships through history , the Argentine junta tried to solve its domestic problems by turning to foreign military adventures .
And like other regimes , they found that their control over military affairs was about as weak as their command of the economy .
Military defeat in the Falkland Islands destroyed the junta .
By 1983 , a civilian president was in power once more .
But nothing could stop the nosedive .
Inflation reached 672 percent by 1985 and 3,080 percent by 1989 .
The disaster provoked capital flight and the collapse of investor confidence , not to mention the annihilation of middle - class savings .
In the words on one observer , José Ignacio García Hamilton , the nation became “ an international beggar with the highest per capita debt in the world .
” Another civilian president , Carlos Menem , took office in 1989 , and despite his Peronist loyalties he initially tried to restore sanity through a program of privatization and deregulation .
But events soon proved that Menem was only following a familiar pattern whereby a new regime would speak the language of reform and moderation for a couple of years before facing a showdown with the underlying realities of Argentine society .
Menem could not overcome the overwhelming inertia within the country , the juggernaut pressures toward the growth of the state , to bureaucratization and regulation , and the destruction of private initiative and free enterprise .
Between 1991 and 1999 , Argentine public debt burgeoned from 34 percent of GDP to 52 percent .
During the same decade , government public debt more than doubled as a percentage of GDP .
These burdens stifled private investment so that productive sectors of the economy languished .
Economic disaster led inevitably to a collapse of social confidence and the evaporation of loyalty to the state .
The more heavily the country was taxed and regulated , the more Argentines took their transactions off the books , creating a black economy on par with that of the old Soviet Union .
In terms of paying their taxes , Argentines are about as faithful as the Italians to whom most have blood ties .
Tax evasion became a national sport , second only to soccer in the Argentine consciousness , and provided another stumbling block to fiscal integrity .
The collapse of respect for authority also extended to the law : courts are presumed to operate according to bribes and political pressure .
Systematic corruption has had horrifying implications for national security .
After all , once you establish the idea that the state is for sale , there is no reason not to offer its services to foreign buyers .
One spectacular example of such outsourcing occurred in 1994 , when Islamist terrorists blew up a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires , killing 85 .
The investigation of the massacre was thoroughly bungled , reportedly because the Iranian government paid Menem $ 10 million .
It is trivial to list the many other allegations of corruption and embezzlement surrounding Menem : what else is politics for , if not to enrich yourself and your clients ?
In 2001 - 02 , Argentine fortunes reached depths hitherto unplumbed .
A debt - fueled crisis provoked a run on the currency , leading the government to freeze virtually all private bank accounts for 12 months .
At the end of 2001 , the country defaulted on its foreign debt of $ 142 billion , the largest such failure in history .
With the economy in ruins , almost 60 percent of Argentines were living below the poverty line .
Street violence became so intense that the president was forced to flee his palace by helicopter .
Since 2002 , yet another new government has presided over an illusory economic boom before being manhandled by the ugly ghosts of Juan and Evita .
Those specters were on hand to whisper their excellent advice to a new generation : if you face a crisis caused by excessive government spending , borrowing , and regulation , what else do you do except push even harder to spend , borrow , and regulate ?
Over the past two years , new taxes and price freezes have again crippled the economy , bringing power blackouts and forced cuts in production .
Public debt stands at 56 percent of GDP , and inflation runs 20 percent .
Last October , the government seized $ 29 billion in private pension funds , hammering the final nail in the coffin of the old middle classes .
Judging by credit default swap spreads on government debt , the smart money is now betting heavily on another official default before mid-year .
The Argentine economy may not actually be dead yet , but it has plenty of ill - wishers trying hard to finish it off .
We all know that deficits drive inflation , which can destroy a society .
Less obvious is the political dimension of such a national suicide .
Debts and deficits must be understood in the context of the populism that commonly entices governments to abandon economic restraint .
No less political are the probable consequences of such a course : authoritarianism , public violence , and militarism .
The road to economic hell is paved with excellent intentions — a desire to save troubled industries , relieve poverty , and bolster communities that support the present government .
But the higher the spending and the deeper the deficits , the worse the effects on productive enterprise and the heavier the penalty placed on thrift and enterprise .
As matters deteriorate , governments have a natural tendency to divert blame onto some unpopular group , which comes to be labeled in terms of class , income , or race .
With society so polarized , the party in power can dismiss any criticism as the selfish whining of the privileged and concentrate on the serious business of diverting state resources to its own followers .
Quite rapidly , “ progressive ” economic reforms subvert and then destroy savings and property , eliminating any effective opposition to the regime .
Soon , too — if the Perón precedent is anything to go by — the regime organizes its long march through the organs of power , conquering the courts , the bureaucracy , the schools , and the media .
Hyper - deficits bring hyperinflation , and only for the briefest moment can they coexist with any kind of democratic order .
Could it happen here ?
The U.S. certainly has very different political traditions from Argentina and more barriers to a populist - driven rape of the economy .
On the other hand , events in some regions would make Juan Perón smile wistfully .
California runs on particularly high taxes , uncontrollable deficits , and overregulation with a vastly swollen bureaucracy while the hegemonic power of organized labor prevents any reform .
Thankfully , the state has no power to devalue its currency , still less to freeze bank accounts or seize pension funds , and businesses can still relocate elsewhere .
But in its social values and progressive assumptions , California is close to the Democratic mainstream , which now intends to impose its ideas on the nation as a whole .
And at over 60 percent of GDP , U.S. public debt is already higher than Argentina ’s .
When honest money perishes , the society goes with it .
We ca n’t say we were n’t warned .
__________________________________________Philip
Jenkins is the author of The Lost History of Christianity : The Thousand - Year Golden Age of the Church in the Middle East , Africa , and Asia — and How It Died .
It was 1949 when I began offering my considerable talent for title - smithing to the world of music .
For many years there were few musicians who were able to recognize my genius , and my passion for creating the perfect title was left unfulfilled and flaccid .
A few bands , such as Sticky Lizard , and Jimmy With His Pants
On ( who also purchased from me the title to their only hit song , " Kill Your Cat If You Love Me " ) had the intelligence to see my work as valuable and progressive .
Those early groups helped me to establish myself as a leading light in the industry .
And though they were mostly devoid of talent , I cherish them for their belief in me as I was getting started .
Thank you Jimmy .
Thank you Sticky .
And most of all , thank you Moby Grape ... your purchase of " Toe Jam " helped to lift my spirits at a particularly low time in my life .
Now , through the wonder of the Interwebs , I am able to reach deeper into the music world - into its nooks and crannies , its dusty corners and rat - infested alleyways , into the very folds and flaps of its dark underbelly - to offer my fertile endowment of imagination - grabbing titles to those who , previously , would have had to settle for the fumbling attempts of their drummer to cobble together a few paltry words that would fall far short of succinctly expressing the perfect Zeitgeist of their music .
As you peruse the list below , keep this thought in mind :
If you can't find the perfect title here , maybe you 're not ready for one just yet .
Maybe you need to get your ass back out to that garage and practice a little bit longer .
...I 'm just saying .
> A.I.StreetLight
Citizens will have to sacrifice their right to privacy in the fight against terrorism , a former senior security official warned today .
Sir David Omand , the Cabinet Office 's former security and intelligence co-ordinator , said in future the security services would need access to a wide range of personal data , including phone records , emails and travel information .
In a research paper on national security strategy , Sir David wrote : " Finding out other people 's secrets is going to involve breaking everyday moral rules . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The document for the Institute for Public Policy think tank outlines plans to track terrorist groups through a state database which would also contain the details of innocent people .
He wrote : " Modern intelligence access will often involve intrusive methods of surveillance and investigation , accepting that , in some respects this may have to be at the expense of some aspects of privacy rights .
" This is a hard choice , and goes against current calls to curb the so - called surveillance society - but it is greatly preferable to tinkering with the rule of law , or derogating from fundamental human rights .
" Being able to demonstrate proper legal authorisation and appropriate oversight of the use of such intrusive intelligence activity may become a major future issue for the intelligence community , if the public at large is to be convinced of the desirability of such intelligence capability . "
The " intrusive " surveillance techniques would involve mining databases for information on airline bookings and other travel data , passport and biometric data , immigration , identity and border records , criminal records and other government and private sector data , including financial and telephone and other communications records .
Sir David said such information may be held in national records , covered by Data Protection legislation , but it might also be held offshore by other nations or by global companies , and may or may not be subject to international agreements .
" Access to such information , and in some cases to the ability to apply data mining and pattern recognition software to databases , might well be the key to effective pre-emption in future terrorist cases , " he wrote .
UK terror suspect is in ‘ hell hole ’ at Guantanamo Bay
THE GUARDIAN AND AP
The British resident at the center of a legal battle over alleged torture could leave Guantanamo Bay insane or in a coffin if the case continues to be dragged out , his lawyer said on Monday .
Yvonne Bradley , Binyam Mohamed ’s lawyer , said : “ It ’s amazing he has lasted this long . ”
Bradley flew to London yesterday to impress on members of parliament and the UK government the urgency of the case of one of the last British residents detained in what she called the “ hell hole ” of Guantanamo Bay .
“ I do not want to act after the fact , including death .
If this keeps getting dragged out , he will leave Guantanamo Bay insane or in a coffin , ” Bradley said .
She last saw Mohamed last month just after the authorities started to force - feed him .
She knew he had been on hunger strike but she had not been prepared for what she saw .
“ His arms were so thin I described them as twigs , ” she said .
His weight had dropped to about 55kg .
“ He is very poor , mentally , physically and emotionally , ” she said .
His cell was smeared with his own feces for three weeks at the end of 2007 .
She said she had begged the authorities to stop treating Mohamed ’s behavior as a disciplinary matter and tried to persuade them there were what she called “ mental health aspects ” involved .
Mohamed was the subject last week of an unprecedented high court ruling accusing British Foreign Secretary David Miliband of hiding behind claims of a threat to national security to suppress evidence of torture .
Bradley , an experienced US defense department attorney , has seen evidence given to her by the US and passed it to the Foreign Office .
The US warned that if the evidence was released , it would stop sharing intelligence with Britain , thus causing damage to the UK ’s national security .
Bradley said she had no doubts Mohamed had been tortured .
The case “ has nothing to do with national security whatsoever , ” she said , adding that it was probably to do with embarrassment .
Meanwhile , the lawyers for a young Canadian Guantanamo Bay detainee were set to release a plan today detailing how he should be brought home , a move designed to put pressure on Canada and US President Barack Obama a week before Obama visits Canada .
Omar Khadr , a Toronto native , faces charges that include supporting terrorism and murder for allegedly killing US Army Sergeant 1st Class Christopher Speer of Albuquerque , New Mexico , with a grenade during a 2002 battle in Afghanistan when he was 15 .
His lawyers , Dennis Edney and Nathan Whitling , want him repatriated to Canada , especially now that Obama has ordered Guantanamo shut down within a year .
“ President Barack Obama ’s visit to Ottawa [ on ] Feb. 19 offers a clear chance for Canada to secure the repatriation of Guantanamo prisoner Omar Khadr , the Canadian child soldier captured and rigorously imprisoned since age 15 , ” Edney said in a statement .
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper ’s government has not asked for Khadr ’s return , but has come under pressure to bring him back to Canada .
Khadr is the only westerner left at Guantanamo and one of the youngest people ever charged with war crimes .
Intel chip plant located on disputed Israeli land / Intel could face political , legal problems with chip plant in Israel
Qiryat Gat. Chronicle Graphic Qiryat Gat. Chronicle Graphic Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Intel chip plant located on disputed Israeli land / Intel could face political , legal problems with chip plant in Israel 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Just how diligent was Intel 's due diligence when it chose to build a multibillion - dollar chip plant in Qiryat Gat , Israel ?
Will choosing that location eventually come back to haunt the company , or at least drag it into some pesky , embarrassing and costly legal entanglements ?
These questions are on my mind after checking out the history of the site --
not only on several Web sites dedicated to the Palestinian cause , but also in Israeli government and United Nations documents collected by a prominent Israeli historian .
Whatever your views on the Middle East crisis , the issue deserves some scrutiny -- even though it involves a detour into what many now consider ancient history .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
Intel calls the plant Fab 18 ( " fab " being chip - industry jargon for a facility where the silicon wafers that are eventually turned into working chips are fabricated ) .
The fab , which went into production in 1999 , was the fruit of a $ 1 billion investment by the Santa Clara company , supplemented by a $ 600 million grant from the Israeli government .
Just a year after opening , its output had reached up to $ 3 million a day , and it accounted for $ 1.3 billion of Intel 's $ 2 billion in exports from Israel .
According to the company 's annual report , it 's Intel 's second - largest facility outside the United States , after one in County Kildare , Ireland .
Qiryat ( sometimes spelled Kiryat )
Gat is close to the geographical center of Israel , along a major north - south rail line and the route of the planned Trans - Israel Highway .
It 's on land that would have been part of Arab Palestine under the partition plan adopted by the United Nations in 1947 , but within the larger Israel that emerged from the 1948 war between that country and its neighbors .
In other words , it 's on land the United States and most of the world 's governments consider a legitimate part of Israel , not in the territories Israel conquered in the 1967 war , from which the United Nations has demanded its withdrawal .
But from a legal and historical point of view , Qiryat Gat happens to be an unusual location :
It was not taken over by the Israeli military in 1948 .
Instead , it was part of a small enclave , known as the Faluja pocket , that the Egyptian army and local Palestinian forces had managed to hold through the end of the war .
( Among the Egyptian officers was Gamal Abdel Nasser , who became his country 's president six years later . )
The area was surrounded by Israeli forces , however .
When Israel and Egypt signed an armistice agreement in February 1949 , the latter agreed to withdraw its soldiers , but it insisted that the agreement explicitly guarantee the safety and property of the 3,100 or so Arab civilians in the area .
Israel accepted that demand .
In an exchange of letters that were filed with the United Nations and became an annex to the main armistice agreement , the two countries agreed that " those of the civilian population who may wish to remain in Al - Faluja and Iraq al Manshiya ( the two villages within the enclave covered by the letters ) are to be permitted to do so .
. . .
All of these civilians shall be fully secure in their persons , abodes , property and personal effects . "
( The fullest account of this episode I 've found is " The Birth of the Palestinian Refugee Problem , 1947 - 1949 , " a scholarly treatise by Benny Morris , a prominent Israeli historian , published by Cambridge University Press .
Born and reared in Israel and now a professor at Ben Gurion University in Beersheba ,
Morris can hardly be called pro-Palestinian , to judge by articles of his published in the June 13 and June 27 , 2002 , issues of the New York Review of Books .
Other Israeli historians have produced similar accounts . )
Within days , the security the agreement had promised residents of the Al - Faluja pocket proved an illusion .
Within weeks , the entire local population had fled to refugee camps outside of Israel .
( Photos of them on the road are posted at www.palestineremembered.com/Gaza/al-faluja -- a site dedicated to preserving the memories and experiences of Palestinian refugees . )
Morris presents ample evidence that the people of the Al - Faluja area left in response to a campaign of intimidation conducted by the Israeli military .
He quotes , among other sources , reports filed by Ralph Bunche , the distinguished black American educator and diplomat who was serving as chief U. N. mediator in the region .
Bunche 's reports include complaints from U.N. observers on the scene that " Arab civilians . . . at Al - Faluja have been beaten and robbed by Israeli soldiers , " that there were attempted rapes and that the Israelis were " firing promiscuously " on the Arab population .
Even though Bunche won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1950 for his efforts , some might be inclined to doubt that he understood the whole story of what was happening in the area .
But even the staunchest supporter of Israel would have a hard time impugning Morris ' other main source on this episode : Moshe Sharett , Israel 's foreign minister at the time .
Sharett , it turns out , was acutely embarrassed by the behavior of his country 's military in the area .
In a sharply worded memo to the army chief of staff , he noted both overt acts of violence by soldiers in the area and " a ' whispering propaganda campaign among the Arabs , threatening them with attacks and acts of vengeance by the army . "
" There is no doubt , " Sharett wrote , " that there is a calculated action aimed at increasing the number of those ( Arab civilians ) going to the Hebron Hills ( in the West Bank , then controlled by Jordan ) as if of their own free will , and , if possible , to bring about the evacuation of the whole civilian population " of the pocket .
Sharett 's main concern , it appears , was that the campaign in Al - Faluja called into question " our sincerity as a party to an international agreement . "
Whether he had any moral scruples about the situation is n't clear .
A few months later , when Arab civilians in other parts of Israel 's newly conquered territory resisted similar pressures , he wrote , with what sounds like regret , " It is not possible in every place to arrange what some of our boys engineered in Faluja ( where ) they chased away the Arabs after we signed an . . . international commitment . "
Nowadays we 'd call the Al - Faluja events ethnic cleansing .
LEGAL RECOURSE ?
In substance , what happened to the people of Al - Faluja and Iraq al Manshiya is n't very different from what happened to the residents of hundreds of other Palestinian villages .
Only a few things make this case unique : the legal agreement that was supposed to guarantee the residents ' security , the Sharett memos recording what happened to that guarantee -- and the fact that 40 years later their land ,
having been converted by the Israelis into an industrial park , became the site of an Intel fab .
Now Palestinians in the United States and elsewhere are starting to organize around this case .
A Connecticut organization called the Palestine Right to Return Coalition ( www.Al-Awda.org) is encouraging Palestinians and their supporters to write to the media about the case .
( A version of the story appeared earlier , in somewhat garbled form , in The Register , a British Web site covering technology ) .
The group is calling on Intel to , among other things , divest from Israel .
It 's also tracking down the original Arab villagers and their descendants --
now almost 15,000 people in all , including people living in Texas , Louisiana and New York .
While the group has n't announced any plans for legal action , some Palestinian lawyers are looking for ways to pursue their cause in the courts .
At least some experts think the residents of Al - Faluja and Iraq al Manshiya could make a strong case .
For example , Francis Boyle , a professor of international law at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign , said he was n't familiar with the details of the situation .
But based on my summary of the history , he said that the original inhabitants and their heirs could take Intel to a U.S. court in a type of suit known as an in rem proceeding or under similar doctrines in many other countries and seek to attach Fab 18 's assets .
" Intel and its lawyers and bankers had better be very careful here , " he said , noting that a similar legal strategy was used in cases involving the former British colony of Rhodesia -- and by Jewish survivors of the Holocaust .
Boyle is a longtime supporter of the Palestinian cause , so I talked to a lawyer at the opposite end of the political spectrum : Abraham Sofaer , George P .
Shultz Distinguished Scholar and Senior Fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University , a former federal judge who served as legal adviser to the State Department from 1985 to 1990 .
Not surprisingly , Sofaer was less sanguine about the prospects for any such lawsuit , but he also said he was n't familiar with the facts of the case .
The main obstacle , he said , is the absence of a treaty resolving the conflict between the Israelis and the Palestinians and legal structures for settling property claims .
" Without that , " Sofaer said , " the courts are going to be very reluctant to get involved " in such cases .
But if peace ever comes , he said , " I 'd be very happy to represent the Palestinians . "
Noting that native Americans won compensation in several major cases once Congress adopted procedures for dealing with such claims , he said , " It sounds as if there 's potential in the long run for recovery here . "
LAND OWNERSHIP
Several weeks ago , I asked Intel spokesman Chuck Mulloy about the history of the land where Fab 18 sits .
He said the company had acquired rights to it in a deal that was legal under the laws of a recognized sovereign state .
" We do n't think it 's appropriate for us now to question the Israeli government .
" We cannot insert ourselves into the middle of what is really a political issue " between Israel and the Palestinians , he said .
Those arguments are understandable , though I 'm sure they wo n't placate the Palestinians , and I wonder how they 'll stand up if the case ever gets to court .
Mulloy also said the fab is not actually in the area that made up the Al - Faluja pocket in 1948 .
" These claims did n't come up until after we built the fab -- there were no Web sites and no campaigns about it when we did our due diligence " in the mid-1990s , he said .
When I went back to my sources , those arguments did n't check out .
The maps I examined seem to confirm the Palestinians ' claim that Fab 18 is on land that was part of the village of Iraq al Manshiya .
As for when the issue arose , I checked and found that Morris ' book was first published in 1987 and widely debated in Israel .
I left Mulloy several follow - up messages reporting what I 'd found , but he did n't respond .
I also called the Israeli consulate in San Francisco to get its perspective ,
but the first official I spoke to there said he did n't believe the story , and the press spokesman he referred me to has n't called back .
“ President Obama comes to office with a strong commitment to tackle climate change , ” said Tony Hayward , the chief executive of BP .
“ Suddenly the challenges many of us have been wrestling with for a long time  the importance of energy security in providing economic security , and tackling the issue of climate change in a way that is commercially viable  are center stage . ”
During his election campaign , Mr. Obama frequently criticized big oil companies , expressed skepticism about offshore drilling , and pledged to try to replace hydrocarbons with more renewable fuels .
He has made energy and environmental policy a cornerstone of both his national security and economic efforts .
The executives strongly urged the administration to open up the continental shelf for offshore drilling at the very time that the interior secretary , Ken Salazar , announced that the government would review and probably scale back the Bush administration ’s plan to give oil and gas drillers new rights .
Exxon Mobil , which had long been skeptical of global warming , offered its own suggestions .
One of the company ’s top executives , Michael J. Dolan , said that Exxon would back a tax on carbon , while criticizing a so - called cap - and - trade approach .
Under the cap - and - trade formula , which has considerable momentum in Washington , the government would set a ceiling on how much carbon dioxide could be emitted into the atmosphere each year .
It would then give or sell permits that companies would be allowed to trade to meet their limit .
Emitting carbon dioxide at present involves no penalties in the United States , meaning that companies have little incentive to curb their pollution .
People swear a lot on Twitter -- it 's the Internet , after all -- and when they do , Cursebird is there to capture and tally their every vulgarity in a real - time stream of potty - mouthed consciousness .
Not a cuss word goes unchronicled ; nary an expletive is deleted .
Cursebird cracks me up -- you do n't need a Twitter account to partake and even Twitter haters should find it funny -- so I felt compelled to contact its creator , Web application developer Richard Henry , to get the straight poop behind this profanity tsunami .
Before we get to Henry , though , a warning :
If you 're offended by curse words and find nothing amusing about their use or abuse , neither Cursebird nor this post is for you .
Flee , please .
And , while no serious curse words will appear here , the links will take you to places containing language that is not safe for work , unless you work at HBO .
Great , I see all but three of my regulars are still here .
Excerpts cannot do Cursebird justice ; it must be seen to be appreciated .
My e-mail chat with Henry can be read right here :
Where did the idea for Cursebird come from ?
I was on the train flicking through my Twitterrific feed , and a friend of mine had posted several exasperated curse - laden tweets in a row .
It was n't much of a jump from finding that funny to suddenly wanting to see a worldwide , real - time feed of just exasperated tweets .
When I got home , I started playing around with the Twitter API , finding the right mix of swears .
Cursebird has been up as a live feed of swears since Oct. 10 .
I started storing tweets to run statistics on it at the start of November , and I launched the version with statistics Jan .
9 .
There 's now over two million swears in the database .
What went into building it ?
Initially , not very much .
It took a couple hours to hash something together and launch it .
It was simply a live feed with no statistics , and tweets were n't stored after they fell of the end of the feed .
I told a couple friends and posted about it on my Twitter , and then went to bed .
Twelve hours later , I got a text message from my server - monitoring service telling me the machine had become unresponsive .
It took about 20 minutes to track down the problem ; Cursebird had been twittered about by Biz Stone ( the founder of Twitter ) , posted on Daring Fireball ( a popular blog written by John Gruber with well over a million readers ) , and there was a tweet popping up on Twitter mentioning Cursebird every five or so seconds .
It had officially gone viral .
I added 5GB of RAM to my server as a quick fix , and immediately set upon rewriting the application from scratch .
It took a few hours , but finally Cursebird could cope with the load and I sat back and watched the reaction .
It was unreal .
Cursebird still serves around 5,000 page views every day .
What 's the reaction been ?
Anything negative ?
The most negative reaction I 've had was someone e-mailing me to ask me to stop making useless Web sites .
Honestly , I think it 's a powerful tool that will connect people , stimulate the economy , create jobs and propel us towards a better future .
No , but seriously , it 's already led to some good work for me and helped me get my name out .
I 'm currently working on a Twitter - related project for Infinity Ward , the makers of the Call of Duty series of video games .
You can mention that if you want .
I 'm 19 years old , so to get such a huge client is pretty great .
Has anyone complained about you shining a light on their " private " cursing ?
No , not really .
I wondered if anyone would when it took off , but Cursebird can't track your profile if you actually make it " private private , " and anyone who thinks their public profile is private probably does n't get Twitter .
Have you reached any conclusions about the Twitter crowd and its cursing as a result of this project ?
I 've had a lot of people say that Cursebird has inspired them to loosen up on their language and relax a bit more .
A lot of people avoid swearing on Twitter out of fear of losing followers , or looking bad , or something .
Being an American , I forget that " bloody " is considered a curse word elsewhere .
Where does it rank among the curse words over there ?
Bloody actually is n't that big of a deal over here .
I was n't originally going to track it at all , but I felt that I wanted to know what percentage of swears it occupied so I added it to the array of terms to track .
I 'd like to expand them even more at some point , and have some fun ideas for ' special words ' on April Fools Day .
Your curse grader says I " swear like a teacher 's pet , " finding only one lone use of the word " bastard " in my Twitter account .
Should I be concerned ?
Do you recommend that I increase my vulgarity quotient ?
I 'd be very concerned .
The No. 1 Twitter curser worldwide has over 7,000 swears , so I think you have some catching up to do .
Finally , has your mum seen Cursebird ?
What does she think ?
Ha-ha .
My mum thinks it 's great .
She actually had me write down an explanation of what it was and how people could find it , so she could tell her friends .
If only George Carlin had lived to see Cursebird .
The Journal of American History
Welcome to the Journal of American History ( JAH ) online .
Published four times a year by the Organization of American Historians ( OAH ) , the JAH is the leading scholarly publication and the journal of record in American history .
The JAH publishes articles , interchanges , states - of - the - field , and the OAH 's yearly presidential address as well as reviews of books , digital history projects , exhibits , and movies .
In addition to our print issues , the JAH creates a wide range of online projects , including our biannual Teaching the JAH and special projects such as " Through the Eye of Katrina , " " American Faces , " and " Oil in American History . "
Organization of American Historians ( OAH ) members also have access to our vast citation database , Recent Scholarship Online .
The JAH makes selected content freely available , including the " Textbooks and Teaching " section and Teaching the JAH .
A selection of JAH articles , interchanges , and states - of - the - field are also freely available to the public .
See individual issue pages for details .
Announcements
Writing in the History Classroom Call for Submissions : Textbooks and Teaching , Journal of American History
How do we best prepare students to write historically ?
What role can and should history courses play in developing students ’ skills to write for various publics , media , and careers ?
What do we learn about student writing through transdisciplinary teaching collaborations ?
How do we support the growing number of English - language learners while balancing the writing demands essential to our discipline ?
The contributing coeditors of the Journal of American History ’s Textbooks and Teaching section seek articles and essays that speak to these and related questions .
We particularly welcome submissions that explore evidence of student learning and engage the Scholarship of Teaching and Learning .
Please contact us with questions or to discuss submission ideas .
Deadline for manuscripts : July 15 , 2020 .
Robert Johnston , johnsto1@uic.edu Laura Westhoff , westhoffl@umsl.edu
Posted : May 1 , 2020
Tagged : None
Black Power , American Democracy , and Dreams of Citizenship Noni Olabisi , “ To Protect and Serve ” ( 1997 ) , side wall of Rick ’s Barbershop , 3406 Jefferson Blvd. , Los Angeles , 2011 .
Library of Congress , Prints and Photographs Division .
LC -DIG-vrg - 08775 .
Reproduced by permission of the photographer , Camilo J. Vergara , in honor of his friend and co-author , Kenneth T. Jackson .
For more information about Vergara ’s photography , see African American Communities in America ’s Cities : Photographs by Camilo J. Vergara .
From Process : A Blog for American History
In honor of Black History Month , we at the Journal of American History are pleased to re-release the JAH African American History Index .
First published last year , the index includes every article of African American history we have ever printed , from our inception as the Mississippi Valley Historical Review more than one hundred years ago , through our most recent issue , published in December 2019 .
Consisting of 224 entries , the index was created collaboratively by the JAH staff .
In spare moments between fact - checking and proofreading our regular content , our editors , graduate student editorial assistants , and undergraduate intern pored over back issues .
We limited our search to articles , an imprecise category that expanded to include roundtables , special forums , and presidential addresses from the annual meetings of the Organization of American Historians .
For the sake of manageability , we purposefully excluded thousands of book , film , and exhibition reviews .
Finally , in deliberating the parameters of African American history , we determined to index only those articles primarily concerned with black people ; we left out many important essays on closely related topics , such as whiteness studies .
Notwithstanding these guidelines , each staff member ultimately had to make tough decisions about what material to add to the index and what material to leave off .
For these reasons , we consider the index a work in progress .
We apologize for any inadvertent omissions , and we welcome recommendations for addition .
We have also invited Peniel E. Joseph , Professor of History , Barbara Jordan Chair in Ethics and Political Values at the LBJ School of Public Affairs , and Founding Director of the Center for the Study of Race and Democracy at the University of Texas at Austin , to compile a handful of these indexed articles , and to write a guest introduction , for publication as a special online issue .
Entitled Black Power , American Democracy , and Dreams of Citizenship , the online issue will be freely available through April 2020 .
Posted : February 19 , 2020
Tagged : None
Call for Papers : Sex , Suffrage , Solidarities : Centennial Reappraisals
The year 2020 marks the centennial anniversary of the Nineteenth Amendment .
What are our obligations to this moment ?
What are the crucial questions and unresolved problems in the histories and historiographies of suffrage in the United States ?
The Journal of American History will observe the centennial with a sustained , multidimensional appraisal .
From late 2019 through 2020 , we intend to publish a variety of scholarly analyses across our many platforms .
Our ambition is to foster creative thinking about the amendment , its discursive and material frameworks , and its complex , often - unanticipated legacies .
Our theme for the project —
Sex , Suffrage , Solidarities — is intended to provoke new questions about the amendment and the political , economic , and cultural transformations of which it has been a part .
We invite original papers on all topics pertaining to women ’s suffrage .
We seek essays that examine the work of activists , both before ratification of the Nineteenth Amendment and after .
We welcome submissions that investigate the complicated linkages among suffrage , citizenship , identities , and differences .
We encourage global , transnational , and / or comparative perspectives , particularly if they compel us to reperiodize or otherwise reassess conventional ways of thinking about campaigns for women ’s rights or the project of adult citizenship more broadly .
We welcome research articles but will also receive proposals for other genres or formats of scholarly prose .
The deadline for consideration in our Sex , Suffrage , Solidarities series is August 2019 .
For JAH submission guidelines , please visit http://jah.oah.org/submit/articles/.
We also seek submissions on these themes for the OAH member magazine , The American Historian ( submission guidelines may be found at http://tah.oah.org/submissions/), and for our blog , Process : a blog for American history ( submission guidelines may be found at http://www.processhistory.org/about/).
Posted : November 27 , 2018
Tagged : None
Ben Irvin Announced as Next Executive Editor of the Journal of American History The OAH is pleased to announce that Benjamin H. Irvin , associate professor at the University of Arizona , has been named the new Executive Editor of the Journal of American History and associate professor in the department of history at Indiana University , Bloomington .
He is the author of Clothed in Robes of Sovereignty : The Continental Congress and the People Out of Doors ( 2011 ) .
Irvin has worked on the editorial boards or staffs of Common - Place : The Journal of Early American Life , History Compass , and the Journal of American History .
He is also a Distinguished Lecturer with the Organization of American Historians .
Irvin will begin his term as Executive Editor of the Journal of American History in August 2017 .
Posted : October 19 , 2016
Tagged : None
Past Forward : Articles from the Journal of American History
Hot off the presses !
We 've just received our copies of Past Forward : Articles from the Journal of American History , volumes 1 and 2 .
They 're perfect companions for AP US history classes and for college - level surveys .
Volume 1 , focusing on the period before the Civil War , includes abridged articles by Edmund Morgan , Juliana Barr , Gary Nash , Stephanie McCurry , and Walter Johnson .
Volume 2 , on the Civil War to the present , features pieces by Kate Masur , Eric Foner , Nancy Cott , Mae Ngai , Alice Kessler - Harris , Mary Dudziak , Heather Ann Thompson , and others .
Posted : September 15 , 2016
Tagged : None
Chris Rasmussen on JAH Article
In the June 2016 issue of the Journal of American History , Chris Rasmussen published the article " ' This thing has ceased to be a joke ' : The Veterans of Future Wars and the Meanings of Political Satire in the 1930s . "
In a blog post at the JAH 's blog Process , Rasmussen discusses how he got started on his topic as well as the pleasure of researching a satirical organization .
Posted : July 28 , 2016
Tagged : None
Teaching the JAH : Robert Morrissey
" Rethinking early Native American history is a difficult enterprise , " Robert Morrissey argues .
In the latest Teaching the Journal of American History , Robert Michael Morrissey provides a teaching supplement for his December 2015 article , " The Power of the Ecotone : Bison , Slavery , and the Rise and Fall of the Grand Village of the Kaskaskia . "
Morrissey includes six exercises that tackle the scarcity of primary sources from a Native American point of view .
These exercises present students with interdisciplinary sources that they may not expect , such as ecological maps of biomes and soil , as well as more traditional sources like memoirs , letters , and excerpts from language dictionaries .
By providing an opportunity to interact with a diverse group of documents , this teaching guide will encourage students to consider a more nuanced , demythologized history of Native Americans .
Posted : July 28 , 2016
Tagged : None
I feel like shit , and have spent a proportion of the afternoon in bed so really should n’t be involving myself in this right now , but I ca n’t help it .
Hacker News and Reddit have been bickering today on CSS vs. tables .
I have , for the most part , kept out of it .
Despite being an advocate of CSS , I do n’t need to justify that to anyone .
I am more efficient , and can produce better websites in CSS than I ever could with tables .
I positively cringe whenever I have to do an e-mail newsletter / ” e- shot ” at work , because they generally only work in tables .
Anyway , I ’ve stepped in because now both sides are spreading misinformation .
Firstly , pro-tables Ron Garret used a 3 - column layout taken from a 3rd party website that was “ back to front ” to argue that :
The reason that the order matters is that this layout , like all multi-column CSS layouts , is achieved with floats , and the way that floats get rendered depends on the order in which they appear .
So we have not managed to separate content from presentation .
Then , pro-CSS Joel Sutherland agrees with him :
A central point of Ron Garret ’s “ Why CSS should not be used for layout ” is that CSS is flawed because you cannot rearrange the elements of an html document and maintain a consistent presentation .
This is true , but it misses the point
They ’re both wrong .
You can order your content how your like .
You are restricted only by your knowledge of CSS and not its ability as a styling language to render your documents .
It took me about 30 minutes to knock up a demonstration , which you can see for yourself : columns in order and columns out of order .
Both are visually identical in appearance , both use CSS to control the positioning of the columns , but one is in “ correct ” logical order in the document ( left , center , right ) and the other out of order ( center , left , right ) .
( Only tested in Firefox3 on Linux . )
I have nothing against programmers who choose to use tables , nor do I care if the world takes on the CSS revolution , but these are the kind of anal perfection - obsessed hackers and programmers that freely comment on the mistakes of Jeff Atwood and Robert Scoble at every opportunity , and yet are happy to support other ’s mistakes as fact when they add weight to their somewhat misguided arguments ?
That ’s just hypocrisy .
Update ( 04/02/09 8:51 ) : I took a lot of flack last night because I only tested my examples in FF3 .
Such is the downside of running nowt but Linux at home these days .
However , I ’ve had the opportunity to re-test all 5 of my examples this morning and they are absolutely identical in IE6 as they are in Firefox 3 .
Jem Turner jem@jemjabella.co.uk +44(0)7521056376
By the time you find out , it 's often too late .
You may have visited your favourite local restaurant one Saturday night and commented on how quiet it was , or even thought yourself lucky when you managed to get a table without a booking .
But , more likely , the first sign that things are going wrong is a notice plastered to the door .
And the notices are starting to look familiar .
Take Pick More Daisies , in Crouch End , north London .
You may have a similar joint near you – good burgers , American diner brunches , people flicking through the papers on Sunday mornings , or grabbing a bite to eat with a beer or two in the evenings for less than £ 20 .
Nothing too expensive , good food , just the sort of place that would tick over very nicely , even when most people are n't feeling inclined to blow their monthly salary on a meal at a Michelin - starred restaurant .
But one day last month , instead of the usual steady bustle , the notice appeared , Blu - Tacked to the inside of the glass door : " Unfortunately , as with many things in life , there is a fine line between success and failure , and for us that line has been the credit crunch .
Whilst we were actively looking for new sites earlier this year , trade has dramatically dropped since the summer and with the economic outlook bleak we have been forced to close our doors for good .
It has been a real pleasure serving you and we 're so sad that we are unable to continue on our path . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Similar stories are playing out across Britain .
In Love 's Fish Restaurant in Brighton , customers received a similar message .
The restaurant , run by Alan Love , closed at the beginning of January , despite the revitalising efforts of Gordon Ramsay featuring the place on Kitchen Nightmares .
" Alan and his staff would like to thank everyone who came to the restaurant in the past two years for their support and best wishes .
We were very lucky to have had such a wonderful mixture of people to serve .
It 's a very sad time for us all ... "
For diners , the memories of enjoying food and conversations , of meeting people , of birthdays celebrated and anniversaries toasted may flash through the mind , perhaps followed by a flash of irritation that another venue will need to be found at short notice .
But for restaurateurs , the rising tide of closures of restaurants in the recession is an accumulation of individual disasters – that may leave an aftertaste of bad debt , ill - health and depression .
" It 's very close to your heart and it 's desperate to see that it is n't going to survive , " says Tom Sillar , a 43 - year - old wine merchant who ran the Comfort Food bistro in Newcastle until its closure in October .
" But it would n't have been fair to have carried on .
We left a number of suppliers with debts .
They were all small – say £ 500 for lots of suppliers – but they were small businesses as well . "
After his modern British restaurant closed , Sillar split with his wife and business partner Emily , and blames the stress of trying to save the place for giving him pneumonia ; from which he is still recovering .
To patrons who had frequented the restaurant during its four - year life , the inevitable note read : " With effect from October 4 , the Comfort Food Co will be closed .
Blame the banks .
I would like to thank all the customers for their business over the last four years or so , and wish you all the best for the future . "
The collapse of Northern Rock in 2007 was the moment millions of Britons realised their life had changed , but at the Comfort Food Co the impact was sudden and dramatic .
The bank 's managers had taken clients to the restaurant , keen on its local sourcing and bistro dishes such as lamb shanks and locally smoked haddock .
When the bank collapsed , heralding the onset of tighter lending , job losses and reduced consumer spending , many of those execs stopped coming .
Others went less frequently .
" When they did come , the emphasis was on value for money – spending less money , two courses instead of three . "
Looking back on the closure of the £ 40 - a- head restaurant , Sillar says he did not have enough capital to see it through dips in turnover .
Falling spending power has sent the once - booming restaurant sector into a once - in - a - decade retreat .
From the Michelin - starred establishments to the casual dining chains busily promoting two - for - one offers with discount coupons on the internet , almost every restaurant is feeling the squeeze .
Even the big names have had their egos bruised by the worsening trade .
Last week , celebrity chef Antony Worrall Thompson was forced to close six of his restaurants and put his company , AWT Restaurants , into administration , with the loss of 60 jobs .
Worrall Thompson used £ 250,000 from his own pocket to preserve two of the restaurants – the Windsor Grill and the Kew Grill – and a shop in Windsor from the adminstrators ; but the Notting Grill , AWT 's flagship , has closed , taking 23 employees with it .
The chef blames the banks for their failure to support his business in its hour of need .
Lloyds , he claims , refused to loan him the £ 200,000 life raft required to keep all six establishments afloat .
" I have learnt from these banks that if you owe a couple of hundred thousand like we did , they have got you by the balls , " he told the Mail on Sunday .
" You owe them £ 10 m and you have them by the balls . "
Worrall Thompson 's multi-Michelin - starred rival , Gordon Ramsay , may beg to differ .
His own global chain of 25 restaurants is trapped in a particularly vivid kitchen nightmare , with a reported business overdraft , from the Royal Bank of Scotland , of £ 10.5 m .
Gordon Ramsay
Holdings was fined for failing to file accounts on time , and in the past year has closed two of its London restaurants , La Noisette in Knightsbridge , and the Petrus at the Berkeley Hotel .
The company is adamant that " business is good " , with increased turnover and profit .
But Ramsay has closed his Chelsea bistro , Foxtrot Oscar , on Mondays and Tuesdays and in the evenings on Wednesdays and Thursdays , and two more Ramsay enterprises , the Devonshire pub in Chiswick and the private dining rooms that replaced La Noisette , both appeared – mistakenly , it was later explained – in the " for sale " section of a business website .
Ramsay and Worrall Thompson 's fellow TV chef Jean - Christophe Novelli has been forced to close two gastropubs after his business , Sweet Medicine , went bust .
Meanwhile , the combustible kitchen talent Tom Aikens angered his creditors by popping his flagship eponymous restaurant in Chelsea into pre-pack administration in September , reopening it almost straight away , minus £ 3 m in debts .
This left his 160 suppliers , many of them small family firms , with a £ 1 m shortfall , and earned him reams of criticism .
In January , the chef offered a mea culpa in an interview with the London Evening Standard , confessing that he felt " a complete shitbag " for " [ taking his ] eye off the ball " .
Raymond Blanc has had to close one of his restaurants , Brasserie Blanc in Manchester .
" Of course I am upset about the closure – I do not like to lose , " remarked the Gallic chef , one of the ever - present stars of British cooking .
Alain Ducasse , whose Dorchester Hotel restaurant charges £ 120 a head , says he has put his global expansion plans on hold because of the downturn .
Other top restaurants are having to work harder to gain custom , particularly at lunchtime , where the fall - off in expense account trade has been stark .
L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon and Arbutus in London offer lunches for less than £ 20 per head , while the acclaimed Glasshouse in Kew offers lunch for £ 11.75 .
One London restaurateur , Peter Ilic , this month tore up his prices and asked customers to pay what they liked for his food .
" It just seemed the right thing to do with everyone under the cosh and feeling pretty miserable , " remarked the proprietor of the Little Bay restaurant in Farringdon , London , who will still charge a set fee for drinks .
" We have seen so many more City folk coming into the restaurant lately looking for a better value lunch . "
On the high street , Prezzo , Strada and Ask , Gourmet Burger Kitchen , Café Rouge , Caffe Uno and Ha Ha are among the chains that have two - for - one offers .
Across the industry , more and more restaurants are going bust .
According to accountants PricewaterhouseCoopers , the number of restaurant companies slipping into insolvency rose from 72 to 92 to 111 in the first three quarters of last year , before easing to 107 in the final three months , when Christmas parties provided a spike in business .
Last month , 108 restaurants went under , according to PwC .
Turnover has switched from growth to stagnation .
Horizons is a company that monitors restaurant business based on returns from public companies , government data and its own market research .
Managing director Peter Backman says that spending only fell three times in the previous three decades – at the height of the two previous recent recessions , in 1983 and 1992 , and in 2001 when the dotcom bubble bust , and Sars and terrorism combined to buck the growth trend .
What will happen this time ?
" It all depends on what customers and operators do .
Demand is undoubtedly weakening , " says Backman .
" But how much it will weaken we do n't know .
We are seeing lots of two - for - one offers – what will this do to customers and profits ? "
Restaurants have had to battle rising costs , he says .
Last year , the two factors that account for two - thirds of restaurant expenses spiked up – the cost of ingredients rose by 8 per cent and labour by 4 per cent .
Margins in the restaurants trade are low – as low as 5 per cent .
Industry watchers are surprised that more eateries have not shut , which leads some to believe that the country may be braced for a spate of closures .
" Everyone agrees wine spending is down and that splashing lots of money on a posh bottle has gone ...
If you are in the restaurant business , there are many reasons to be miserable , " says Richard Harden , veteran co-editor of the Harden 's restaurant guides .
" But there appears to be a mismatch between the fact that there should be lots of restaurant closures and there are n't .
I walked through Soho recently and I could n't see any sites that were vacant .
Everyone is under pressure but it's not yet pushing anyone to breaking point . "
What seems to be happening is that in the recession , consumers are shying away from " big ticket " purchases – houses and cars – but are still going out for meals , and still go on holiday .
They are , however , going to cheaper places and spending less .
Choosing seabass instead of the lobster , spare ribs rather than the T - bone , crème brûlée not the lemon tart , a 2007 beaujolais , not the 1998 claret – the kind of reduced spend that did for Newcastle 's Comfort Food and for many of the other 500 closures since the start of 2008 .
Enterprising owners will still be seduced by the prospect of opening a restaurant .
After years of boom , a growing interest in food , a near constant diet of TV shows – Ramsay 's Kitchen Nightmares and Blanc 's The Restaurant – there has been no shortage of aspiring restaurateurs , though the overall number of restaurants is almost certain to go down , for now .
" Restaurants are closing all the time , irrespective of recession of not , " says Miles Quest , spokesman for the British Hospitality Association .
" It 's the most difficult sector of the hospitality industry to raise money for because banks are suspicious of restaurants as so many go bust in the normal course of events .
Another thing is that a restaurant may close one day and reopen the next with a different style of food , so one day it might be an Italian , close and then reopen serving Chinese food .
There is no doubt that people are eating out less or spending less , but we have no figures to prove that – it's anecdotal evidence . "
Alasdair Murdoch , chief executive of Pizza Hut , the largest UK dining chain with 700 outlets , believes more restaurants will close .
" It 's unlikely there will be big - chain casualties , but the small , niche chains will struggle .
Either they 're up to their ears in debt or they do n't offer value for money .
Individual restaurateurs should concentrate on their distinctive local quality , he suggests .
" I would play to my cosiness , warmth and hospitality – but I would still try to employ some techniques to drive customers in .
You can't compete in price ; you should n't try .
Compete on your strengths , but look at ideas like offering free wine for a next visit . "
March is the cruellest month for restaurateurs , when cashflow is at its lowest , says Stephen Broome , director of hospitality and leisure at PricewaterhouseCoopers .
" What we have seen are the earliest casualties – businesses that have some flaw – prices or positioning , " he says .
" I wo n't be surprised if there are more casualties , but neither am I expecting a flood . "
At Horizons , Backman says , " We are probably going to see the banks pulling the plug on a lot of companies .
Banks let them go through Christmas and New Year to pick up some cash and then they pull the plug . "
Has your favourite restaurant closed ?
Or are you a restaurateur with advice or an experience to share ?
Then have your say at www.independent.co.uk/restaurantcrisis
How small restaurants can survive and thrive : By Mark Hix
Everyone in the industry is feeling the pinch at the moment , so it 's at times like this you have to keep your head down and really keep your customers happy .
If they 're going to survive , restaurants have got to raise their game , look more closely at what they 're doing , and give better value .
The most damaging expense for restaurateurs is n't wages , rent or even food – it 's losing customers .
Value is key , and that does n't just mean a cheaper menu , it means being more careful about what you 're spending , yet still giving your customers quality food .
When I opened my Oyster & Chop House last April , we put lots of lesser - known cuts of meat on the menu .
Things like flank cuts , cheeks and shins , which might usually end up in the butcher 's mincer but , with skilful cooking , are delicious .
Better still , they 're cheaper than an expensive fillet that does n't taste of anything .
It 's the same with cheaper fish .
I 'm a big fan of gurnard , herring and mackerel .
You 've also got to give your customers choice .
A lot of restaurateurs think they have to have every starter under £ 10 and every main under £ 20 , but it 's more sensible to have a range .
We might have a mackerel main course on the menu for £ 10 and then something like a sea bass for £ 25 .
If you do n't give people the option to spend more , they 're not going to .
Wine is always important , and different restaurants mark it up in different ways .
You either go big to get maximum profit on each bottle , or you do what we do and give your customers a bit more value on higher end wines to encourage them to buy a second bottle .
I 've also started putting a few magnums on the menu .
They 're twice the size of standard bottles and are reasonably priced , from around £ 40 upwards , but it 's also something a bit special for tables to share .
Meat is n't getting any cheaper , nor is fish , but restaurants can't afford to fall out with their suppliers .
Too many people take advantage by not paying on time , but the industry needs to tighten up on this .
You would n't walk into a restaurant as a customer and say , " Do you mind if I pay for my dinner in two months ? " .
Your suppliers are as important as your staff , and you 've got to be able to trust each other , especially when times are tough .
Another big mistake is spending too much on design .
The Chop House had a very low budget for refit .
We kept a lot of the fixtures and fittings that were in the restaurant that used to be in the building , and kept things simple .
You can blow a million pounds on a new restaurant and watch it flop .
It comes down to having a good business sense .
A lot of restaurants start up without any internal financial knowledge , and can go for months on end without knowing where they are .
You can't get away with that – you need to know exactly how much you 've made , or lost , from week to week .
Surviving is about the whole package – there is n't any one thing you can do to stay strong , but if you 've got good food and a good atmosphere , you 're halfway there .
Mark Hix is resident chef for the ' Independent ' Magazine .
He has two restaurants , Hix Oyster & Chop House in Smithfield , London ; and Hix Oyster & Fish House in Lyme Regis , Dorset , and was formerly chef director of the Caprice Group
Balancing the books :
The business expert 's advice
1. Remember : cash is king .
Focus on cash generation , not solely on profit margins .
It 's better to sell four bottles of wine at £ 5 per bottle cash profit than one bottle at £ 7.50 profit , hence the phrase , ' you ca n't bank percentages ' .
2. Re-engineer menus and wine lists to maintain margins .
Substitute lower cost alternative products and carefully tinker with ingredients and portion sizes .
( But be careful : the public are very astute . )
3 . Offer targeted discounts during quiet periods , rather than continuous offers all the time .
Review competition and change promotions regularly to prevent boredom .
4. Remove backroom costs .
Reduce larger costs first : payroll , energy , laundry .
Demand suppliers offer discounts or other support or switch to cheaper suppliers .
Identify trading peaks and troughs and adapt staffing , rather than follow historic patterns .
Start with a blank sheet of paper and imagine how you would manage costs if you were opening today .
5 . Recognise the value of your chefs and waiters – keep the best – and be prepared to lose those who make little contribution .
Stephen Broome is a director of PricewaterhouseCoopers and has 40 years ' experience working in hospitality and leisure
When was the last time you visited a website that came up on the second page of the Google Search Results ?
–
The answer is probably never .
With 31 % of all clicks going to the first site on the search results page , it is clear that you need to be aiming for this converted spot .
However , with well over a billion websites online , you ’ve got some tough competition to get to that spot .
So , how do you get to be number one on Google ?
Through search engine optimization ( SEO ) .
This article , we ’ll give you a run down of SEO marketing and share some of the top tips you need to follow to get your site performing well .
Speed Up Your Site
We live in the age of instant information at our fingertips .
Finding out the answer to a question can take just a second with powerful search engine algorithms sorting through billions of pages to return the right one for you .
Users expect pages to load instantly , and if your site takes longer than three seconds , you may find that people will move on to the next site .
The likes of Google and Bing know this .
That ’s why page load speed is an essential ranking factor that you need to be aware of .
Use Page Speed Insights as a way of finding out how your site stacks up in terms of page loading speeds .
Speed up your website by ensuring it is not too cluttered and that images and compressed .
If you have unused plugins in the background , be sure and deactivate them to lighten your website ’s load .
Do n’t Forget You ’re Targeting Humans
As previously mentioned , there are powerful algorithms that decide where a website will rank .
With this in mind , it can be easy to get bogged down in pleasing these algorithms and filling your site with the things that you think Google wants to see .
This can lead to keyword stuffing and filling pages full of links .
It is essential that you only use keywords and link building in proportion .
If you rely too heavily on it , you ’ll create content that is not great for humans to read .
This is where the need for natural SEO content marketing comes in .
But the algorithms can also tell when keywords have been used in an unnatural way in your content , and you may get penalized in the search results .
Not only this , but your unnatural content is not going to be enjoyable to read , meaning you ’ll lose your reader .
It is essential that you pay attention to the right analytics tools when it comes to SEO digital marketing .
You need to know how people are finding their way to you , and what they ’re looking at when they get there .
While your site may have its own native visitor tracker , you ’ll get more in - depth information from Google Analytics and Google Search Console about the search terms people are engaging when visiting your site .
This data can then be used to analyze and further optimize your content .
Build a Backlink Strategy
Within your website ’s content , make sure that you use internal backlinks to other relevant parts of your website .
The links that you select should be high - quality , and they should add value and depth to the content you ’re creating .
In addition to including internal links , you should use high - quality external links to information that may complement your own content .
Whenever you make great content on your site , you will want other people to link to it .
Having others linking to your page and your content gives it authority in the eyes of the search engine — the more reputable the site that is linking to you , the better .
Try to build up a relationship with bloggers and influencers .
Offer to provide guest posts on reputable sites .
All of these techniques will help you get quality links back to your site .
Make Sure Your Content is In - Depth
If you want to rank in one of the top spots on the search engine results page , then you ’ll need to ensure you ’re creating high - quality content .
Aim to produce content that is 1,000 or more words long as search engines favor longer content as it often implies there is more information .
Write Great Meta Descriptions
Every page that you produce for your website should have its own meta description .
This should be unique and relevant to the content .
Often , this is the first thing that people will see when your content appears in their search results .
Encourage Social Sharing
Although there is no definite link between the search rankings provided by Google and sharing content on social media , social sharing should be a part of your SEO marketing strategy .
There is some suggestion that pinned and tweeted content will help your rankings .
Including social share buttons on your site helps encourage people to share the content .
The algorithms behind the top search engines change very often .
As technology and user trends change , so too do the needs of the search engine .
Keep up - to - date with the latest changes in the way that search engines work and make sure you optimize your content following the latest guidelines .
Use a Professional SEO Company
Although many SEO techniques are simple to instigate , there is a lot that needs to be done .
Optimizing your content is an ongoing process , and you ’ll need to make continual changes to ensure you ’re competitive in the rankings .
You may want to hire an SEO expert to make sure that you ’re always pushing for that number one spot on the search engine results page .
Improving Your SEO Marketing
This guide to SEO marketing has touched on many of the basics of SEO .
This is a massive field , and it is continually evolving .
Once you start working on your site ’s SEO , you will find that you learn so much .
For more great articles , please check out the rest of the site .
" Mr Wen advocates us being a strong country , but not a super power .
He 's too soft , so how can the foreigners not bully him ? " said another .
" The next time the British prime minister visits China , if our authorities allow people to throw shoes at him , maybe our state leaders ' next visit to the UK will be shown more respect . "
An industry aid package , including the creation of a " bad bank " concept , will be announced next week , said the source , who is familiar with a weekend 's worth of discussions between government officials and representatives of the financial services industry .
The Obama administration and those people have been discussing a number of measures and issues on a concentrated basis since Friday , when speculation first arose that any policy initiative on a bad bank would be delayed .
Though details of the intended Obama administration announcement on Wall Street compensation are unknown at this time , it will be executed through the TARP plan , meaning it will address limits on pay for those firms receiving government assistance , as both Congressional Democrats and senior White House advisors have urged in recent weeks .
Toward the end of the week , President Obama chastised Wall Street firms for handing our large executive bonuses , while petitioning for government assistance and in some cases struggling to survive , calling the situation “ shameful ” and " outrageous . "
Congress is now also seriously considering legislation capping executive compensation .
In his weekly radio address Saturday , the President said new initiatives would make sure chief executives " are not draining funds " from their firms that might otherwise be spent on fueling an economic recovery , through loans and other instruments .
In seeking Congressional authorization of the final $ 350 billion of the TARP plan , the Obama administration said it wanted to have " potential ammunition " for the financial sector but also made it clear it would seek tougher conditions on participating firms , mirroring legislation crafted by Rep. Barney Frank ( D. - Mass . ) , the chairman of the powerful House Financial Services Committee .
New terms on executive compensation as well as lending transparency for firms participating in the government bailout were part of the talks with industry members Sunday .
Those talks also centered on a group of options that the Obama administration is considering to provide aid to the financial sector .
They include a " bad bank " concept to buy toxic assets from firms , as well as more capital injections and a so - called " ring fence " concept , in which the government uses a combination of guarantees and insurance to cover bad assets within an institution without technically removing them from the balance sheet .
Though the massive stimulus package has clearly been the White House ’s chief focus in the early days of the new administration , President Obama has been pressed to consider additional ways to support the still - struggling financial system .
At the same time , negative publicity about large bonuses for Wall Street executives amid the financial sector meltdown and massive amounts of federal aid has ignited government and taxpayer indignation .
In addition , Congressional Democrats have been crying foul over former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson ’s administration of the TARP , saying it was both too generous and lenient on Wall Street firms receiving aid .
In mid-January , Rep. Frank introduced legislation revising the TARP , which included tougher terms on both executive pay and lending practices .
Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri Friday proposed a cap on total compensation of $ 400,000 a year on executives , until their companies no longer rely on government aid .
The latest outcry over executive pay happens to coincide with a growing consensus that the financial services industry will need more government aid amid a worsening economy and seemingly malignant credit crunch .
The concept of a government - run entity that would buy the troubled assets of private sector firms to help clean up their balance sheets has gained considerable momentum since Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke mentioned it prominently in a major about two weeks ago .
But like an earlier auction - based plan conceived — and then dropped — by Paulson , it ’s viability has been undermined by questions about how the assets would be valued .
Analysts and industry executives alike also say it is hardly a cure all .
They say some institutions may be better served by the “ ring fence ” concept , which the Fed and FDIC recently instituted at Citigroup and Bank of America .
Still others say more capital injections are needed , either for a first or second time at some institutions .
Earlier this week , the 33 - year - old 's publicist Mike Furtney confirmed that his client was receiving $ 490 ( £ 340 ) a month in food stamps and an undisclosed amount of " federal supplemental security income " to help care for three of her older children , who suffer from unspecified disabilities .
She had initially insisted that she was raising her family without governmental aid , something Mr Furtney said was down to her not considering the payments to be " welfare " .
I recently started playing with GCC ’s prefetch builtin , which allows the programmer to explicitly tell the processor to load given memory locations in cache .
You can optionally inform the compiler of the locality of the data ( i.e. how much priority the CPU should give to keep that piece of data around for later use ) as well as whether or not the memory location will be written to .
Remarkably , the extension is very straighforward to use ( if not to use correctly ) and simply requires calling the __builtin_prefetch function with a pointer to the memory location to be loaded .
It turns out that in certain situations , tremendous speed - ups of several factors can be obtained with this facility .
In fact , I ’m amazed that I have n’t read more about this .
In particular , when memory is being loaded “ out of sequence ” in a memory bandwidth - constrained loop , you can often benefit a great deal from explicit prefetch instructions .
For example , I am currently working on a program which has has two inners loops in sequence .
First , an array is traversed one way , and then it is traversed in reverse .
The details of why this is done are n’t important ( it ’s an optical transfer matrix computation , if you ’re interested ) but the salient aspect of the code is that the computation at each iteration is not that great , and so memory bandwidth is the main issue .
Here is the relevent section of code where the arrays are accessed in reverse :
/*
* Step backward through structure , calculating reverse matrices .
*/
for ( dx = n - 1 ; dx > 0 ; dx --)
{
Trev1 [ dx ] = Trev1 [ dx +1 ] * Tlay 1 [ dx ] + Trev2 [ dx+1 ] * conj ( Tlay2[dx ] ) ;
Trev2 [ dx ] = Trev1 [ dx +1 ] * Tlay 2 [ dx ] + Trev2 [ dx+1 ] * conj ( Tlay1[dx ] ) ;
d Trev1 [ dx ] = d Trev1 [ dx +1 ] * Tlay 1 [ dx ] + d Trev2 [ dx+1 ] * conj ( Tlay2[dx ] ) +
Trev1 [ dx +1 ] * dTlay1 [ dx ] + Trev2[ dx+1]* conj( dTlay2[dx ] ) ;
d Trev2 [ dx ] = d Trev1 [ dx +1 ] * Tlay 2 [ dx ] + d Trev2 [ dx+1 ] * conj ( Tlay1[dx ] ) +
Trev1 [ dx +1 ] * dTlay2 [ dx ] + Trev2 [ dx+1] * conj( dTlay1[dx ] ) ;
}
Despite having exactly same number of operations in the forward and reverse loops , it turns out that the vast majority of time was being spend in this second ( reverse ) loop !
Why ?
Well , I ca n’t be entirely certain , but I assume that when memory is accessed , the chip loads not just the single floating point double being requested , but an entire cache line starting at that address .
Thus , the data for the next couple of iterations is always loaded into L1 cache ahead of time when you ’re iterating forward in address space .
However , in the reverse loop , the chip is n’t smart enough to notice that I ’m going backwards ( nor should it be ) and so it has to wait for the data to come from either L2 or main memory every single iteration .
By adding a few simple prefetch statements to the second loop , however , the time spent in this section of code went way down .
Here is the new code for the second loop :
/*
* Step backward through structure , calculating reverse matrices .
*/
for ( dx = n - 1 ; dx > 0 ; dx --)
{
Trev1 [ dx ] = Trev1 [ dx +1 ] * Tlay 1 [ dx ] + Trev2 [ dx+1 ] * conj ( Tlay2[dx ] ) ;
Trev2 [ dx ] = Trev1 [ dx +1 ] * Tlay 2 [ dx ] + Trev2 [ dx+1 ] * conj ( Tlay1[dx ] ) ;
__builtin_prefetch ( Trev1+dx-1,1 ) ;
__builtin_prefetch ( Trev2+dx-1,1 ) ;
__builtin_prefetch( Tlay1+dx-1 ) ;
__builtin_prefetch( Tlay2+dx-1 ) ;
d Trev1 [ dx ] = d Trev1 [ dx +1 ] * Tlay 1 [ dx ] + d Trev2 [ dx+1 ] * conj ( Tlay2[dx ] ) +
Trev1 [ dx +1 ] * dTlay1 [ dx ] + Trev2[ dx+1]* conj( dTlay2[dx ] ) ;
d Trev2 [ dx ] = d Trev1 [ dx +1 ] * Tlay 2 [ dx ] + d Trev2 [ dx+1 ] * conj ( Tlay1[dx ] ) +
Trev1 [ dx +1 ] * dTlay2 [ dx ] + Trev2 [ dx+1] * conj( dTlay1[dx ] ) ;
}
The prefetch instructions tell the processor to request the next loop ’s data , so that the data is making its way through the memory bus while the current computation is being done in parallel .
In this case , this section of code ran over three times as fast with the prefetch instructions !
About the easiest optimization you ’ll ever make .
( The second argument given to the prefetch instruction indicates that the memory in question will be written to . )
When playing around with prefetch , you just have to experiment with how much to fetch and how far in advance you need to issue the fetch .
Too far in advance and you increase overhead and run the risk of having the data drop out of cache before you need it ( L1 cache is very small ) .
Too late and the data wo n’t have arrived on the bus by the time you need it .
Why did I not prefetch the dTrev1 and dTre v2 memory locations ?
Well , I tried and it did n’t help .
I really have no idea why .
Maybe I exceeded the memory bandwidth , and so there was no point in loading it in .
I then tried loading it in even earlier ( two loops ahead ) and that did n’t help .
Perhaps in that case the cache got overloaded .
Who knows ?
Cache optimization is a black art .
But when it works , the payoff can be significant .
It ’s a technique that is worth exploring whenever you are accessing memory in a loop , especially out of order .
DOOYOO website has been shut down , you can still compare products and prices on the following Price Comparison websites :
♣ Downsize DC Promotes Paul's H.R. 833
Today , Downsize DC , a non-partisan organization that champions the cause of returning the federal government to its constitutional limits , sent its 24,000 + membership an announcement of a new campaign to “ End the FED . ”
At the core of this DDC campaign is a brilliant piece of legislation introduced by the Honorable Dr. Ron Paul on February 3rd this year , House Resolution 833 , designed to bring an end to the nearly one hundred year “ reign of terror ” of the privately owned Federal Reserve bank .
The text of the legislation is simple and to the point ; in a single page , H.R. 833 lays out a plan to abolish the Federal Reserve System and completely eliminate its draconian control of our economy within a brief , 18 - month period .
Nolan Chart columnist Gary Wood wrote about this legislation and quoted Dr. Paul 's presentation speech to congress in his article “ HR 833 Federal Reserve Board Abolition Act Introduced . ”
Downsize DC , by creating a specific campaign to support this legislation , will bring the power of its large and growing membership to bear on congress , strongly urging them to sponsor and pass this legislation .
According to http://govtrack.us/, no one else in congress has as yet signed on to co-sponsor Dr. Paul 's bill .
Are you personally concerned about the current downward spiral of the American economy ?
It has been largely , if not entirely , engendered by the reckless and inflationary actions of the Federal Reserve and pork - loving politicians .
Perry Willis , Downsize DC Communications Director , had this to say today :
“ You must decide how you 're going to respond to this .
You can either
curl up in a ball and take your beating , or you can fight back .
We
must look to the future , to an economy free from the booms and busts
caused by the Federal Reserve 's legalized counterfeiting . ”
Are you ready to take action ?
You can contact your senators and your representative in congress today , strongly urging them to co-sponsor Dr. Paul 's bill !
Do n't know how to contact them ?
A very easy , time - saving way is to sign up with Downsize DC .
After a very short , minimally invasive registration at their website , you will thereafter be able ( with just a few keystrokes ! ) to enter and send a single message to all three of your representatives in congress .
Downsize DC creates and manages campaigns not only to end the Federal Reserve , but other campaigns with the common cause of reducing the massively over - bloated size of the federal government that exists today .
Downsize DC 's amazing and free “ Educate the Powerful ” congressional contact system can make your time and your voice vastly more effective .
Downsize DC is an organization eminently worthy of your support .
Wo n't you please sign up with Downsize DC today ?
You can sign up directly on the “ End the FED ” campaign page ( follow the “ register ” link , ) just click here .
© 2009 Dann McCreary ( aka creator )
– Copies must be attributed to creator and linked - back to this article .
Looking at my trusty calendar , I see that today is Abraham Lincoln ’s Birthday .
In honor of this special occasion , I figured I would share a few of my favorite Abe Lincoln video clips ….. yes I know they did n’t have video back then .
Hey Blinkin ( Robin Hood , Men in Tights )
Lincoln Secret ( Family Guy )
How Abe Lincoln Really Died ( Whitest Kids U’ Know ) – NSFW
Uhura dissed by Abe Lincoln ( Star Trek )
Abraham Lincoln SR2 Character
… and of course Abe Lincoln in Bill and Ted ’s Excellent Adventure
an in order to honor the man a bit , this is from the Republican National Convention
Now that Tom Daschle has withdrawn his name from the running to be health and human services secretary , President Obama should revisit the idea of nominating former Democratic National Chairman Howard Dean for the position , an idea he abandoned last November for all the wrong reasons .
Within a week of Obama ’s winning the presidential election , Dean ’s name began to circulate as a top contender for the job .
Dean is a physician , a former family practitioner in fact , and during his 11 - year tenure as governor of Vermont , health care and other welfare - related reforms were a priority .
But within days of Dean ’s name being floated , the Web site Politico reported him to be out of the running . “ … [ T ] he chief attributes President - elect Barack Obama is seeking in his HHS secretary will be an ability to work with members of Congress and shepherd reform legislation through the House and Senate , ” the site reported .
“ That job description has turned out to be a particularly ill - suited one for Dean , given his partisan background and lack of congressional experience , sources inside and outside the transition offices say . ”
Dean became imprinted on the national consciousness when he surged to the head of the pack during his run for the 2004 Democratic presidential nomination by playing the angry anti-war candidate .
His novel use of the Internet to raise funds and organize supporters produced a meteoric rise in the polls .
When he failed to craft a message that appealed to a broad coalition of American voters and his campaign plunged to earth , however , many Americans were left with a low impression of Dean and his talents that was misleading and unfortunate .
Dean possesses the very qualities we need in an HHS secretary at this moment in history .
I lived in Vermont for nearly all of Dean ’s 11 years as governor .
The 2004 presidential contender who whipped crowds of young voters into frenzies with his bracing oratory was someone we had not seen before .
He governed there as a fiscal conservative whose skinflinty ways and careful long - range planning made him popular among small - government Yankees of all political affiliations , Democrat , Republican and Independent .
When , in response to a mandate from the state Supreme Court , Dean led the way for Vermont ’s civil union law , social conservatives , again regardless of party affiliation , turned on him .
He followed up his legislative victory with dozens of visits around the state to gatherings of people who strongly disagreed with him .
He listened respectfully and patiently to their grievances , argued why he believed civil unions should be equated with basic human decency and civil rights , and did not backpedal or apologize .
The gambit was an extraordinary display of political courage , and savvy .
In the next election he managed to hang on to his job by the slimmest of margins .
Though Dean can be famously argumentative , he is not known as a politician who holds grudges .
As governor , he ’d fight like mad for an initiative he believed in but on the next issue of importance could work with those who had just opposed him .
Of course , Dean played the partisan as chair of the DNC , but that was his job description .
He served much longer as chief executive of a state with a fixed budget and very real health and human services responsibilities , and his track record in that capacity should count for much .
In the fall of 2003 , my publishing company joined with the Rutland Herald and Times Argus to produce the book “ Howard Dean : A Citizen ’s Guide to the Man Who Would be President , ” written by nine veteran journalists who had covered Dean as governor for various news organizations or had reported on previous presidential campaigns .
In his Washington Post column , David Broder wrote of our reporters ’ efforts , “ I could detect no personal bias in any of their individual chapters . ”
As the book ’s publisher , I was especially proud of its prescience in assessing Dean ’s strengths and weaknesses as a candidate for national office .
Here are some quotes from the book that President Obama and his advisers might find instructive :
“ When Dean left office in early 2003 , most states were in dire financial shape , their revenues hammered by the collapse of the dot - com economy .
Vermont , by contrast , had a comfortable surplus , thanks largely to Dean . ”
“ The only real exception to rigid budget discipline was health care . …
This did stretch the budget some , but those costs were offset somewhat by increased tobacco taxes . ”
Dean “ for the first time pushed governmental health care coverage out beyond the welfare population to working people who did not qualify for Medicaid . ”
“ Government observers in Vermont usually cite two highlights among Dean ’s accomplishments in office : tight budget management of the state ’s economy , and Success by Six , an effort to link early education programs to social services .
…
Dean , perhaps because of his medical training , demanded measured results . ”
And there is one other aspect of Dean ’s tenure as governor documented in our book that might interest Obama , who has become president in the midst of an economic crisis with his own party in control of both houses of Congress .
“ One of my most persistent activities during the early ’ 90s , ” recalled Glenn Gershaneck , who was Dean ’s press secretary before eventually heading the state Transportation Agency , “ was trying to fend off the more liberal wing of the Democratic Party .
The will to spend money always exceeded the resources available , and the push to spend came mostly from the left .
” I suspect that Dean ’s strained relationship with Obama ’s White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , with whom he famously clashed over strategy during the 2006 midterm election —
Emanuel wanted DNC money to be targeted where it could help Democratic congressional candidates win immediately while Dean was intent on a long - range plan to build party infrastructures in all 50 states — might have had something to do with the talk of his unofficial consideration for the HHS post evaporating so quickly .
Emanuel , unlike Dean , is regarded as a strident partisan who remembers transgressions and rewards fealty .
But just as presidential candidate Dean paved the way for now - President Obama ’s use of the Internet as a campaign tool , it was DNC Chairman Dean whose 50 - state strategy helped candidate Obama keep John McCain on the defensive in traditional red states .
Obama might have ridden into office on a wave of popularity that included most swing voters and a good number of Republicans , but the Democrats in Congress , who now firmly control both houses , can claim no such appeal .
Amazingly , Congress overall had lower approval ratings than George W. Bush going into the 2008 election .
The danger of partisan overreach that could produce a crippling backlash against Obama a year or two from now is great .
Dean has been humbled by the challenges and realities of serving as a chief executive .
In addition , he deserves credit for his successful turn as DNC chair , a post he aggressively sought and improbably won , and for which many observers did not consider him well suited .
Dean was a true Washington outsider who took over a broken political machine and achieved astonishing results .
The position of HHS secretary would play to Dean ’s proven strengths — his medical training and his ability to work within budgets , to name just two .
And no one could bring more passion to the job .
To my mind , an old congressional hand , a Washington insider — another nominee like Tom Daschle — who knows how to wheedle and stroke egos and trade this for that in order to make things happen the old - fashioned way would not achieve meaningful reform on health care .
There are just too many entrenched interests , and Washington insiders are congenitally incapable of making things happen with so many well - connected players trying to affect the game ’s outcome .
If people think insurance company paper pushers are doing more harm than good as they take decision - making powers out of doctors ’ hands , imagine the damage that could result from an effort led by a career politician with no understanding of the dynamics at play in our health care system , let alone the human organism .
After so many years of fruitless rhetoric by politicians , why not let a medical doctor with proven success as a political operative and a record for plain talk and common sense have a chance ?
As DNC chair , Dean talked often about the need for politicians to set aside issues that divide us and focus on progressing in areas where common ground can be reached .
As governor , he made advances in the area of health and welfare by gaining support for initiatives such as health insurance for children and prenatal care and other preventive wellness measures that cost relatively little and offered long - term savings and sustainability .
As a candidate , Obama revealed himself to be a consummate pragmatist .
Reconsidering Dean for the post of HHS secretary would be a demonstration of his intention to govern as one as well , and would reaffirm , not undermine , his commitment to work across party lines and be president to all Americans .
Chip Fleischer is publisher of Steerforth Press .
According to a 16th century German tradition , the birth of this particular breed of pig in mid-winter is great luck for the new year .
What better way to ring in '09 than with these " lucky charm " piglets born at the Berlin Zoo .
A new trojan popped up at several torrent sites a few weeks ago , one that blocks access to The Pirate Bay and Mininova , while informing its victims that " downloading is wrong . "
The trojan edits the hosts file on Windows machines , and redirects the BitTorrent sites to localhost , making them impossible to load .
The trojan in question ( Troj / Qhost - AC ) identified by anti-virus company Sophos , is a rather unusual one .
It does n’t seem to install spyware or traditional malware , but instead blocks access to the two most popular BitTorrent sites .
One of its victims , who got the trojan from downloading a torrent from The Pirate Bay , contacted TorrentFreak .
He told us : “ I did n’t follow the well established rules of downloading .
It was a file with a low number of seeds , many leechers and no comments .
I ’ve downloaded the file and did n’t visit the torrent page again to view if there were any negative comments . ”
It turned out that the trojan originated from a keygen supplied with a copy of pirated software .
Instead of generating a key , it modified the hosts file of the computer so that it redirects The Pirate Bay , Suprbay ( The Pirate Bay forums ) and Mininova to 127.0.0.1 , which means that the sites never load .
Aside from blocking the three sites in question , the trojan caused popups and even played a sound file saying that “ downloading is wrong ” .
The bad torrent was removed from The Pirate Bay soon after users commented that the key generator did n’t work , but it is safe to assume that this is not the first and only attempt to spread a trojan like this one .
The question remains , who is behind this ?
While some might argue that the MPAA , RIAA or other anti-piracy advocates might be the source , we think it more likely that the attack originates from a relatively innocent prankster targeting pirates .
The good news is that it is fairly easy to fix , manually removing the entries from the hosts file solves the problem .
“ Overall a bad experience , but the computer is fine now , ” the affected user told us .
Advice and tips about the Windows Hosts file can be found here .
---------------
Bushfire Hotline - 1800 240 667
Family Help Hotline - 1800 727 077 SES - 132 500 CFA website
Australian Red Cross - Donate by calling 1800 811 700 or online ---------------
Country Fire Authority ( CFA ) state duty officer Mark Glover said the toll could still climb further .
" It 's still likely to climb unfortunately , " Mr Glover told ABC Television .
The death toll surpasses that from the 1983 Ash Wednesday bushfires , in which 75 people died in Victoria and South Australia , and the Black Friday bushfires of 1939 , which killed 71 .
According to police figures , another 11 people were found dead at Kinglake West , north of Melbourne , taking that community 's toll to 20 while another four bodies were found at Marysville taking that town 's toll to eight .
Only one building was left standing at Marysville after the inferno swept through on Saturday .
A CFA spokesman said 31 fires are still raging throughout Victoria with five - at Beechworth , Churchill , Murrindindi , the Kinglake complex and Bunyip - causing the most concern .
DSE spokesman Geoff Russell said conditions had improved from the weekend with a cooler change coming through with moist air .
A southerly wind is pushing fires in a north to northeasterly direction .
" Our biggest concern at the moment is around Beechworth , " Mr Russell said .
The fire has skirted Beechworth , in the state 's north - east , and is heading towards Yackandandah .
Towns on urgent alert include Stanley , Bruarong , Dederang , Gundowring , Gundowring Upper , Kancoona , Kancoona South , Coral Bank , Glen Creek and Running Creek .
Eight fires are still burning out of control in NSW .
NSW Rural Fire Service Assistant Commissioner Rob Rogers told ABC Radio today : " We have 46 fires on our books , eight of which are still classified as active . "
Crime scenes
All fire - devastated areas will be treated as crime scenes to determine if arson was involved , Victorian Police Commissioner Christine Nixon said .
Ms Nixon said forensic investigators had begun work in the Churchill region , where police suspect arson was involved .
" At this stage we have a team at the fire at Churchill in the Gippsland Valley , which is certainly one that we believe was deliberately lit , " Ms Nixon told the Seven Network .
" Our fire experts and our own investigators have suggested that the way that it happened , how fast that it happened , that there is good evidence to believe that it was lit . "
Forensic investigators have also begun work in the Kinglake area .
" They 're where the most deaths are , but wherever a death has occurred we investigate that as a crime , " Ms Nixon told ABC Radio .
The Queen has expressed shock at the devastating bushfires that have torn through southern Australia .
" I was shocked and saddened to learn of the terrible toll being exacted by the fires this weekend , " the Queen said in a statement .
" I send my heartfelt condolences to the families of all those who have died and my deep sympathy to the many that have lost their homes in this disaster .
" On so dreadful an occasion as this for Australia , the firefighters and other emergency services have been making extraordinary efforts to contain the situation and tend to those who have been injured .
" Please also convey to them my renewed admiration for all that they are doing . "
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown earlier called his Australian counterpart Kevin Rudd to say the UK was ready to help after the bushfire disaster .
Most of the deaths have occurred in the largest blaze , in the Kinglake region , that has cut a vast swath across the central highlands from Wandong , south to Kinglake and nearby Saint Andrews , and north - east towards the upper Goulburn Valley .
One fire official said the blaze now had a perimeter extending " hundreds of kilometres " and may take weeks to contain .
The Kinglake fire , which sprawls across 220,000 hectares - about two - thirds of the area destroyed by fires across Victoria - has all but consumed towns including Kinglake and Marysville .
Former Nine Network Melbourne newsreader Brian Naylor , 78 , and his wife Moiree were among the people who died at tiny Kinglake West as the flames swept in on Saturday .
Ninety - two firefighters from Tasmania will arrive to help the firefighting effort this morning , in addition to the 150 NSW firefighters currently helping fight the Beechworth fires .
Nearly 40 schools in West Gippsland , central and South Gippsland are closed due to fire .
AAP
Ok , first a clarification .
When I use the term " Austrian " I usually mean the school of economics , and not the nationality .
But in this post , I use it in the " nationality " sense of the word .
Austria 's economy does seem at first glance to be doing relatively great .
Austria is one of the very few European countries that still have a positive 12 month growth rate .
And adjusting for terms of trade , even its quarterly growth rate is positive .
The reason for this success is a reduction in government spending from 54 % of GDP in 2004 to 48.4 % in 2007 , the biggest reduction in government spending in all euro area countries .
This spending reduction enabled the Austrian government to both nearly eliminate the deficit and reduce tax rates , particularly the corporate income tax rate .
You 'd almost think that Austria has been governed by Austrian economists !
But unfortunately , Austria 's economy does have its Achilles ' heal .
Along with Swedish banks , Austrian banks have among the biggest exposure to Eastern Europe relative to its domestic economy of all Western European countries , something which The Telegraph 's Keynesian bearish columnist Ambrose Evans - Pritchard has discussed in several columns ( for example here ) .
Now , Evans - Pritchard is n't exactly known to be hesitant to exaggerate ( He said for example in this column that the Polish Zloty has " halved " against the Swiss franc , whereas it in reality is down just 40 % against a brief peak , and only about a third relative to the more year ago level ) , but even correcting for some exaggeration , the fact remains that Austrian banks have a heavy exposure to Eastern Europe .
And considering how many Eastern European countries are falling into an economic depression , that means that Austrian banks will lose a lot of money .
Just how much they will lose remains unclear at this point .
But it is not far - fetched to assume that these losses might ( I 'm not saying it 's certain , only that there is a realistic possibility ) grow large enough to threaten Austria 's apparent economic stability .
The more followers you have the more it gets harder to keep track of every single one of them , their interests , info and all the things that they are tweeting about .
Here ’s a Twitter service that will help you find out more about your followers on Twitter .
It works pretty simple .
All you need to do is enter your Twitter username on their webpage .
( Although they were asking for username and password earlier but many people did not trust them enough to provide password of their Twitter accounts so asking for password is removed now ) .
After that , it scours your list of followers and pulls together a tag cloud with various keywords to describe all the things they are talking about .
So you ’ll see the words that get most buzz and that are discussed most .
( simple but I found it pretty useful ) .
The service is called TwitterSheep ( what a funny name , compares followers with sheep : )
Check it out and post your opinions in comments .
Read the posts that cover other cool Twitter tools like :
Reduce Long Tweets To 140 Characters On Twitter Using 140it
Add Twitter To Your Gmail Inbox In 3 Steps
[ tags ] twitter , twitter service , tweets , followers , marketing , seo , tag cloud , keywords , web apps , apps , social media [ / tags ]
Popular Posts :
Business in China , like business everywhere else , is being walloped by the global crisis .
The slowdown is also exposing some deeper flaws
Illustration by Claudio Munoz
A SMALL stretch of land , a two - hour drive from end to end , reveals much about the economic transformation of a vast country .
This slice of southern China runs from Guangzhou , the old treaty port reserved for foreigners before Mao expelled them , to Shenzhen , the city established after Mao 's death as an experiment in private enterprise .
Over the past decade it has become one of the world 's fastest - whirring economic engines — a global hub in the manufacture of clothing , shoes and electronics — serviced by tens of millions of migrant workers .
Now the region is undergoing an equally remarkable contraction .
In the past year thousands of factories , perhaps one - third to one - half of the total , have closed .
Reliable statistics are hard to come by , not least because many factories operate in a legal netherworld , but the severity of the slump is plain .
The flow of migrants has gone into reverse .
Some of the newly unemployed have stuck around ( and a few have started a new industry : street crime ) .
The lucky ones have found work at factories that moved inland , although at lower pay .
On the road through Dongguan , a sprawling industrial city roughly halfway between Guangzhou and Shenzhen , building after building — residential as well as industrial — displays red banners advertising its availability .
Local agents say there is no interest from buyers .
A lack of demand for whatever a factory might make is part of the explanation .
So is concern about the quality of properties for sale : a lot of factories were put up in a hurry and have been maintained poorly if at all .
And so is the nebulousness of Chinese property laws .
Purchasers cannot be sure that what they buy they will truly own .
Oh , for yesterday 's problems
The rapid collapse of economic activity around Dongguan indicates that China 's private companies are being subjected to the same battering as their counterparts in many other countries .
Yet it also raises questions about the long - term survival of many of these companies .
They have been among the most dynamic components of China 's fast rise towards prosperity .
Their turmoil may be transient .
Then again , there are also worries that it is in fact tied to profound flaws in the Chinese economy .
Six months ago Chinese manufacturers were being pounded by increases in all manner of costs , from wages and the prices of materials and energy to interest rates and taxes .
Just about every type of skilled labour was in short supply .
Annual results for 2008 , due to be released in the next couple of months , will show that these forces did much to hold back Chinese business for a large part of the year .
Now those manufacturers are taking a different sort of pounding : a dramatic falling - away of orders .
December 's official industrial - production data , for what they are worth , showed a marked drop in annual growth ; January 's are delayed ( see article ) .
Exports , on which the figures are more reliable , were 17.5 % lower in January than a year before .
Imports were down by 43.1 % .
The slowing economy has sent all those costs in the other direction .
It has brought the prices of materials and energy down sharply and slackened the labour market .
After years of steadily pushing up interest rates and increasing banks ' capital requirements , the financial authorities in Beijing began to cut both in September , and lending has been vocally encouraged .
Fearful of the social consequences of widespread unemployment , both local and national governments have backtracked on policies put in place between 2006 and 2008 that raised private companies ' costs .
Exporters ' tax rebates have been restored , for example ; and new laws on wages , work rules and benefits that added costs a year ago are turning out to be more flexible than they at first appeared .
Around Dongguan , local officials no longer seem bothered about pushing the region towards higher - value - added products .
Makers of labour - intensive goods , such as apparel and toys , find that they are no longer under pressure to move away .
A strike that the municipal government would have all but encouraged for much of 2008 , it would now help to settle .
None of this has come anywhere near offsetting the decline in orders .
Worse , the malaise may go far deeper than the short - term effects of a slump in demand .
A footloose business
Much of the remarkable success of Chinese business has been based on low - margin , low - technology activities .
Broadly speaking , China is a net exporter of goods with a low technology content and a net importer of more sophisticated wares .
In richer countries , not surprisingly , the reverse is usual ( see chart 1 ) .
Many Chinese businesses have been built on using cheap labour to produce cheap , commoditised goods such as clothes and shoes for export .
Lots of others produce higher - grade stuff , such as electronics goods or branded sportswear for Western companies .
The trouble is that other countries can also do this , sometimes more cheaply .
Granted , China has plenty of important companies which do not need to worry about their business disappearing to other emerging economies .
More than 30 of the 100 firms anointed by the Boston Consulting Group in January because they are “ contending for global leadership ” are Chinese .
No other country can boast so many .
However , almost all of these are owned at least in part by the government and benefit from protective barriers in their home market .
China Mobile , for example , is the world 's largest mobile operator , but its competition is limited , by ministerial decree , to just a few other domestic rivals .
The same goes for steel , aluminium , energy , finance and a host of other areas that the government deems “ strategic ” .
A more durable model for less privileged companies would involve more higher - margin activities , based on innovation and higher quality , with their home - grown brands to the fore .
So far , however , Chinese companies have been plagued by an actual or perceived lack of quality .
Only a few have built respected brands .
The underlying causes of this are a weak system of property rights ( including intellectual - property rights ) and a financial system skewed in favour of big , state - controlled companies .
They will not be easy to fix .
The downturn has shown much of Chinese business to be remarkably footloose .
It is as if the companies that died simply evaporated without leaving a tear or a trace .
There is more to this than the eradication of excess capacity or the shift of production inland .
Buyers in Hong Kong who a year ago drove over the border to buy clothing in southern China now take flights to Dhaka in Bangladesh .
Nike will produce more trainers ( sneakers ) in Vietnam this year than in China , its leading source for 15 years .
In 1988 a small , secretive , Taiwanese plastics manufacturer named Hon Hai opened a factory in Shenzhen that has since grown to the size of a city , with more than a quarter of a million employees .
Little of what its Chinese subsidiary , Foxconn , produces is directly disclosed by the company but it is broadly believed to include iPods , Nintendo and Microsoft games consoles and laptops , either in whole or part , for most leading brands .
Because of the sheer number of people it employs , Hon Hai 's every move generates huge interest in local newspapers , although the firm itself says little .
In 2007 , presumably for much the same reason that it moved to China 20 years ago , it opened a facility in Vietnam which is said to be undergoing a large expansion .
Last summer the Taiwanese press was abuzz about production moving back home .
Now reports from Taiwan say that the Shenzhen workforce will be cut from 260,000 to 100,000 and that there will be more jobs inland .
Whatever the figure turns out to be , Hon Hai is a nimble transnational company , able to move production around as circumstances change .
And it is not alone .
Admittedly , there are still good reasons to remain in China .
Vietnam , Indonesia and other countries have only a finite ability to expand quickly without overloading their infrastructure or sparking wage inflation .
China still has lots of cheap labour .
Perhaps most important , it has a vast domestic market , much of which is protected from foreign producers .
But as the frailty of the southern Chinese manufacturers demonstrates , these virtues have their limits .
Higher margins are often linked to higher quality .
In a recent survey of 700 international business professionals by Interbrand , a consultancy , 80 % of respondents cited low quality as an important barrier to the sale of Chinese products abroad .
Two - thirds said “ cheap ” was the chief attribute of Chinese goods .
Only 12 % believed quality was improving .
Judged by the struggles Chinese companies have had operating abroad , such impressions are well founded .
With rare exceptions , notably Lenovo , which purchased IBM 's laptop business , and Haier , the maker of cheap , small refrigerators that furnish the rooms of numberless students , Chinese names have failed to make much of a dent .
Where they have thrived is either in cost - conscious emerging markets or in cost - sensitive areas of developed markets defined by clear specifications and minimal innovation .
The greatest examples of this have been ZTE and Huawei , makers of telecoms equipment .
The poor external reputation of China 's products hurts not only Chinese companies but also Western firms known to be selling Chinese - made goods .
Last year , in response to a series of scandals , buyers ' complaints and lawsuits over Chinese toys , America passed laws requiring elaborate certification .
This is costly for good manufacturers , but American toy distributors found themselves incapable of judging the safety of products they imported from China .
Out of similar concerns , India has imposed restrictions on Chinese - made toy trains and cars , dolls and puzzles .
Why , then , have Chinese manufacturers not done more to improve the quality of their goods ?
The benign explanation is that China is undergoing the same problems as Japan once did , but in a litigious , consumer - centred age in which every flaw is magnified .
There is something to this , but Japan 's national obsession with quality was apparent early in its post - war industrialisation , when it adopted the teachings of W. Edwards Deming , an American quality - control guru .
Companies such as Honda crushed the British motorcycle industry by offering higher quality as well as lower prices ; Sony and Panasonic did the same to American makers of radios and television sets .
Almost all the successful companies began by producing at least some components for others ( Sony still does ) but were equally determined to carve out names for themselves by making distinctive products .
To say these companies had long - term visions is an understatement .
Konosuke Matsushita , the founder of Panasonic , drafted a 1,000 - year corporate plan .
There is no equivalent in China yet .
However , many Chinese companies are aware of the pervasive criticisms of their quality .
Some big firms have begun employing Westerners with long experience in the best American and European facilities .
The Chinese authorities are also awake to lack of quality , because of its deadly effects in the ( heavily protected ) domestic market , where it has been all too easy to succeed by being shoddy .
Last year , after poisoned dairy products killed six children , the chairwoman of Sanlu , the most notable producer , was sentenced to life in prison .
Two suppliers were condemned to death .
To be sure , lots of high - quality things are made in China , from sporting goods and MP3 players to luxury clothing .
China has become the world 's largest exporter of information and communications technology .
Local markets and trade fairs are awash in aspiring brands .
In transport alone , there are a dozen sizeable carmakers , 300 tyremakers , 1,000 bicycle - makers and several thousand scooter - makers , all hoping to make an impression .
More than 3,500 watchmakers list their services on Alibaba , a sourcing website , as do 8,000 razor - makers .
And myriad companies churn out the fake Gillettes and Rolexes sold on street corners .
That very little of this effort has been converted into strong brands is something of a puzzle .
Foreign companies account for most high - tech exports ( see chart 2 ) .
The simplest explanation is that anonymity suits many Chinese companies .
In Dongguan , Yue Yuen , a subsidiary of Pou Chen , a Taiwanese company with a similar model to Hon Hai's , produces sports shoes for leading Western names .
Smaller firms make everything from tennis racquets to European luxury goods .
Because wide publicity of the common origin would do those brands little good , the Westerners usually insist on contracts with clauses blocking disclosure .
Anonymity also spares Chinese companies from official and press scrutiny of labour conditions , which can be abysmal .
But there are limits to this strategy , in as much as margins on undifferentiated production have proved low .
Retaining customers means holding off competition from any country with lots of cheap labour , and , as southern China is finding out , businesses of this sort are vulnerable to being wiped out in a slump .
In Taiwan many of the companies that once were leaders in anonymous production have slowly developed high - quality products under their own names , notably Acer , Asus and HTC .
The most glaring impediment to creating the same kind of operation in China is the country 's weak intellectual - property protection .
Why invest in design or innovation when the results can be knocked off by competitors ?
Aware of this barrier , the government has passed new laws and has been vocal in supporting greater protection , but settlements remain trivial and enforcement patchy .
Most Chinese patents granted to domestic applicants are still of a type known as “ utility model ” patents , mainly awarded for incremental improvements , rather than for innovation or new designs ( see chart 3 ) .
The weakness of intellectual - property rights can be seen as part of a deeper problem : the weakness of private property rights in general .
Before China 's reopening in the late 1970s , says a recent study on Chinese innovation by the OECD , this issue did not arise : innovation and technological development were assigned to government institutes ; factories received work orders .
Even today only the rarest company can claim unfettered independence .
According to Yasheng Huang , an economist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , explicitly state - controlled firms make up half the economy .
That probably understates the true effect , because even private firms understand that their existence depends on their relations with the state .
In state - controlled companies , senior managers are rotated at the behest of government .
China Mobile is said to have 100,000 suppliers .
One reason is that with its management and operating franchise subject to frequent government intervention ( it was reorganised last summer ) , technological innovation must be done outside .
Leading managers have low salaries and often let stock options expire even when they are in the money , which suggests that rewards are not closely tied to creating value for shareholders .
Medium - sized companies have their own conflicts .
Factories inevitably occupy land that was once state - held .
As a consequence , their shareholders often include local government .
Officials have little interest in industrial efficiency : mergers , for instance , are unattractive if they mean losses of local jobs .
Invariably , if there is a photograph on a wall at a corporate headquarters , it features a visit by a senior government official — showing who matters .
Blurred ownership distorts finance , management structure and long - term planning .
To insulate themselves from the vicissitudes of China 's state control , companies go through all manner of legal contortions when they list shares .
Haier , for example , is incorporated in Bermuda .
Securities offerings must be approved by the government and the bulk of legal financing comes from state - controlled banks .
With all these political ties , lack of innovation is hardly a surprise .
Theoretically , the smaller , private firms are more flexible .
But raising money is hard : loans to such firms account for only a small part of the total lending by those state - controlled banks ( see chart 4 ) .
The source of small firms ' money is one of China 's great mysteries , but there are hints .
China is filled with grey - market financiers , including pawn shops , “ credit - guarantee ” firms , and small industrial companies that lend to other small industrial companies .
Because finance from such sources is informal , however , it is short - term , changing the nature of investment .
It often depends on the personal relationships of the firm 's owner ; that too can distort managerial decision - making .
None of these impediments has prevented China from growing .
Indeed , the extraordinary way in which money , people and companies seem to come and go illustrates the country 's adaptability .
But they are impediments all the same .
Two years ago , on one of his frequent trips to China , Bill Gates said he was often asked where the next Bill Gates and the next Microsoft might emerge .
To the delight of his government hosts , he predicted Asia , because of the changes he had witnessed , the level of education and the impact of technology .
It is easy to imagine that someone from China might follow in Mr Gates 's footsteps .
In today 's conditions it is , alas , hard to imagine that someone from a Chinese company might do so .
Judge Kent pleads guilty , quits to avoid ' embarrassing ' trial Judge Kent accepts plea deal , retires
Trial ' would have been long , embarrassing and difficult for all involved , ' defense attorney says
U.S. District Court Judge Samuel B. Kent is shown with his wife , Sarah , in May .
He was charged with trying to cover up sexual assaults on two female employees .
U.S. District Court Judge Samuel B. Kent is shown with his wife , Sarah , in May .
He was charged with trying to cover up sexual assaults on two female employees .
Photo : Mayra Beltran , Chronicle Photo : Mayra Beltran , Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Judge Kent pleads guilty , quits to avoid ' embarrassing ' trial 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
U.S. District Judge Samuel Kent pleaded guilty to one count of obstruction of justice Monday , avoiding a potentially humiliating trial on that charge and five others accusing him of sexually abusing two female employees .
“ A trial would have been long , embarrassing and difficult for all involved , ” said Dick DeGuerin , Kent ’s attorney .
“ Judge Kent believes that this settlement is in the best interest of all involved . ”
Kent faces up to 20 years in prison .
Prosecutors have requested he be sentenced to three years in prison , but the judge is not bound by that recommendation .
Kent was scheduled for a jury trial Monday .
Instead , he entered the plea and DeGuerin announced that Kent “ retired ” from the bench , a status that could allow him to continue to be paid for life .
Since the 59 - year - old Kent is not old enough to retire , he ’d likely have to be certified fully disabled to have his retirement approved .
In court , Kent said he ’s been treated for diabetes and psychiatric and psychological problems for the past three years .
Kent was appointed for life in 1990 and can be removed from the payroll by congressional impeachment or by his own resignation , which is not the same as the retirement he claimed .
Few federal judges ever go to trial , but Kent ’s would have been the first in which a federal judge was accused of sexual charges .
In court papers , Kent not only admitted he lied to a judicial panel investigating him but also that he had non-consensual sexual contact with two female court employees between 2003 and 2007 .
Gag order kept in place
In the courtroom Monday , Kent , who normally speaks in loud , clear tones , all but whispered his guilty plea at the bench .
The court reporter leaned in and strained to hear what he said .
In most pleas in the Houston federal courthouse , defendants are made to state their crimes , but neither Kent nor prosecutor Peter Ainsworth stated the facts of the crime publicly .
The filed papers stated that as part of the investigation into a complaint by one of the women , Kent obstructed justice by lying about his relationship with the second woman to investigators for a judicial committee .
The plea deal includes that prosecutors will dismiss the other five charges still pending against Kent .
Senior U.S. Judge Roger Vinson , the Florida judge overseeing Kent ’s case , imposed a gag order on the lawyers and witnesses and kept it in place Monday .
Gag orders are designed to protect the rights of defendants from public prejudice before trial .
The two women Kent is accused of abusing each stood in front of the courthouse Monday morning while their lawyers briefly spoke to the press .
Judge Vinson ’s gag order prevented them from saying much .
“ I just think this is a tremendously big day for Cathy , ” Rusty Hardin said of Cathy McBroom , Kent ’s former Galveston case manager whose complaint started the judicial investigation that led to the criminal case .
“ She ’s a woman who had the courage to come forward . ”
“ I ’m very happy that this part of the process is over , ” said McBroom .
“ I feel extremely relieved . ”
She said she looks forward to Kent ’s sentencing , set in May .
Federal law requires judges to consider the victims ’ input in sentencing .
Terry Yates spoke to reporters with his client , Donna Wilkerson .
She is the current secretary for Kent , although they have not been working together since charges related to her allegations were added to the case .
“ She can be a beacon of hope for other people in this situation , ” Yates said of Wilkerson , who made no comment herself .
Arthur Hellman , a legal expert in judicial discipline , said he hopes this case is a “ wake - up call ” for the federal judiciary , which generally does n’t zealously root out misconduct among colleagues .
“ Even the gag order here is consistent with the general approach of the judiciary in disciplining federal judges .
There is a real resistance to disclosure , ” Hellman said .
The judicial council reprimanded Kent in September 2007 .
But after the obstruction charge was added to the indictment in January , the council said it would reopen its judicial misconduct investigation .
It is possible Congress could seek to impeach Kent because of his felony plea .
mary.flood@chron.com
lise.olsen@chron.com
Video :
See how estuaries could provide copious green energy
Where fresh and salt waters meet , there is the potential for cheap , perpetual power generation that wo n’t harm the environment ( Image : PlanetObserver / SPL )
STAND on the banks of the Rhine where it flows into the North Sea , near the port of Rotterdam in the Netherlands , and you ’ll witness a vast , untapped source of energy swirling in the estuary .
According to Dutch engineer Joost Veerman , it ’s possible to tap this energy without damaging the environment or disrupting the river ’s busy shipping .
For rather than constructing a huge barrage or dotting the river bed with turbines , Veerman and his colleagues at Wetsus , the Dutch Centre for Sustainable Water Technology in Leeuwarden , believe they can tap energy locked up in the North Sea ’s saltwater by channelling it , along with fresh water from the Rhine , into a novel kind of battery .
With a large enough array of these batteries , he says , the estuary could easily provide over a gigawatt of electricity by a process they ’ve called Blue Energy – enough to supply about 650,000 homes .
“ Salinity power ” exploits the chemical differences between salt and fresh water , and this project only hints at the technology ’s potential : from the mouth of the Ganges to the Mississippi delta , almost every large estuary could produce a constant flow of green electricity , day and night , rain or shine , without damaging sensitive ecosystems or threatening fisheries ( see map ) .
One estimate has it that salinity power could eventually become a serious power player , supplying as much as 7 per cent of today ’s global energy needs .
In an attempt to prove that this …
Hier können
Sie ein kostenloses Angebot zur Brustvergrößerung anfordern .
Das Angebot befindet sich innerhalb weniger Sekunden in Ihrem email Postfach .
In my work with the Firebug team over the past couple months I ’ve been working with Jan Odvarko on a way to provide some form of unit testing that we can build off of .
The result of my work is a new Firefox / Firebug extension called FireUnit .
FireUnit provides a simple JavaScript API for doing simple test logging and viewing within a new tab of Firebug .
For example , here ’s some of the API that you can use ( we ’re starting with the basics and looking to expand with more methods , later ) .
// Simple true - like / false - like testing fireunit.ok ( true , " I 'm going to pass ! " ) ; fireunit.ok ( false , " I 'm going to fail ! " ) ; //
Compare two strings - shows a diff of the // results if they 're different fireunit.compare (
" The lazy fox jumped over the log . " , " The lazy brown fox jumped the log . " , " Are these two strings the same ? " ) ; //
Compare a string using a regular expression fireunit.reCompare ( / The .* fox jumped the log . / , " The lazy brown fox jumped the log . " , " Compare a string using a RegExp . " ) ; // Display the total results fireunit.testDone ( ) ;
The results will appear in a ‘ Test ’ tab in Firebug ( which must be installed in order for Fireunit to work ) .
Each of the results can be expanded to show additional information including a full stack trace of where the test ran and a comparison with a diff .
FireUnit also provides a couple methods for simulating native browser events :
// You can also simulate browser events var input = document.getElementsByTagName( " input " ) [ 0 ] ; fireunit.mouseDown ( input ) ; fireunit.click ( input ) ; fireunit.focus ( input ) ; fireunit.key ( input , " a " ) ;
And a way of running a batch of test files ( each of which would contain a number of individual tests ) .
//
Or run multiple pages of tests : fireunit.runTests ( " test2.html " , " test3.html " ) ; //
Place at the end of every test file in order to continue fireunit.testDone ( ) ;
We ’ve been using this test runner to run a number of Firebug tests , especially ones that are network based .
Depending on the suite it ’s pretty easy to adapt existing test suites to display their results in FireUnit .
Running the jQuery selector test suite that has the following snippet added :
if ( typeof fireunit === " object " ) { QUnit.log = fireunit.ok ; QUnit.done = fireunit.testDone ; }
Yields the following results ( which are completely navigable ) :
If you want to get started using FireUnit you can head on over to the Fireunit.org site and download the latest extension .
You can also grab the source off of the repository on Github .
Jan has also written a blog post detailing a little bit more about what we ’re using FireUnit for in the Firebug Working Group .
This is still a very early release of our work – there ’s obviously a ton of room left to grow – so feedback is expected and appreciated .
Small Business Owners Discuss Internet Sales Tax
Over the years , eBay has witnessed firsthand the opportunities that have been created for small businesses that use the Internet to reach new customers .
The Internet is an essential tool for businesses of all sizes - especially small businesses - to reach new markets and new consumers .
However , treating a small online business the same as a mega - billion dollar retailer will not foster small business growth and development .
Policymakers need to promote policies that keep the Internet marketplace open to ALL businesses , both big and small .
Given the fact that the Mormon Church was so front and center in the battle over the gay marriage amendment — Proposition 8 — which was recently passed in California , I felt the need to speak out about them .
I have a special insight into the hypocrisy of this particular situation in that I , myself married a Mormon .
Now do n’t get me wrong , the man that I married was at the time a “ jack ” Mormon , or one who had gone astray and no longer attended church .
He had been born into this faith and at the age of 18 when he left home for college never attended church again .
But my marriage to him and my exposure to members of the Mormon faith , his family and others , also gives me perspective about their unique culture , and because I lived in Utah for three years allows me to comment on the absurdity of the “ marriage is between one man and one woman ” philosophy which is at the heart of Proposition 8 , and which they now supposedly find it necessary to whole - heartedly support .
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints a.k.a. the Mormon Church or the L.D.S. Church has clearly and visibly stepped over a line when it comes to the separation of church and state .
The Church ’s top prophets commanded Mormons “ to do all you can ” to work for Proposition 8 and donate money to the campaign .
Mormon leaders throughout California read the instructions to their members which number 750,000 , according to Mother Jones Magazine .
“ The Church has a single , undeviating standard of sexual morality : intimate relations are proper only between a husband and a wife united in bonds of matrimony . . .
Any dilution of the traditional definition of marriage will further erode the already weakened stability of marriages and family generally . . . with harmful consequences for society , ” as was quoted by Mother Jones .
Having taken a class in Utah History , which could have been subtitled Mormon history , I find this push for a constitutional amendment led by this particular group , whose members donated $ 19 million , which was 4 out of every 5 dollars given , as was reported by the Salt Lake Tribune , more than absurd .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Dec. 29 , 2008 --
Teenagers who take virginity pledges are no less sexually active than other teens , according to a new study .
But the results , published in the journal Pediatrics , suggest that virginity pledgers are less likely to protect themselves against pregnancy or disease when they do have sex .
Researchers say the findings suggest that virginity pledges may not significantly affect teenagers ' sexual behavior .
Instead , they may decrease the likelihood of teenagers taking precautions , such as using a condom or using birth control , when they do have sex .
# 714660 +( 3983 ) - [ X ]
InnerGoat : My wife has 2 problems .
One is the fact that everytime she gets drunk she gets mean .
She always looks for a fight , or a way to make me feel like shit me .
The other problem is that every morning after she gets drunk she has an explosive watery shit .
One night she pushed me to far .
She was drunk of course and felling a little frisky so we we messing around and I tried to put it in the butt , she got mad and started talking shit , about how I 'm no good and my dick is small , and that she probally would n't even feel it .
so we never did have sex .
After she went to sleep I could n't get the pain of her saying my dick was small out of my head .
I wanted to embarrass her as much as she embarrased me .
So I got an Idea
I went to my sons room and got his bag of marbles .
i then went to my secret stash and got a bottle of lube .
I could just image her reactions when you shit marbles the next morning .
I lubed them up one at a time and slowly pushed each one in .
About a hundered in all .
I got so excited I jerked off then giggled my self to sleep .
The next morning I woke up so excited I could n't stand it .
I made allot of noise getting dressed so she would wake up .
She did and not 3 minutes later she said " oh my stomach .
not again " and ran to the bathroom .
I was in thee brushing my teeth .
Usually she would tell me to leave but the urge was to intense .
She sat down and let it rip .
She dam near had a heart attack from the noise .
The marbles hitting the porcelin sounded like a machine gun going off in the bathroon .
She turned white as a sheet and stood up .
Still shitting all over the place .
Marbles rolling all over the floor as they bounced around .
It took her a couple of minutes to put it all together .
She said " What the ****"
I just laughed and laughed as she packed her shit and left .
I really do kind of miss her though .
Riches at the North Pole Russia Unveils Aggressive Arctic Plans
In a new national directive , Russia has asserted claims on large sections of the Arctic Ocean .
The tone of the document is openly aggressive , prompting fears of increasing international tension over who has the right to exploit the mineral - rich territory .
“ We tend to experience our identity as a thing , as if it ’s a constant , ” added Dr. Loewenstein , who is medical director of the trauma program at Sheppard and Enoch Pratt Hospital in Baltimore , and has treated five patients with dissociative fugue .
“ But it ’s a lot less stable and has less unity than we want to believe . ”
Image Hannah Emily Upp's rescuers , from far left , were Capt .
Christopher Covella , Ephriam Washington and Michael Sabatino with Brian Brennan , a pilot .
Credit ... Michael Oates
Travel is a defining characteristic .
“ People have been known to not only travel across cities or countries , but also across continents , ” said Dr. Philip Coons , a professor emeritus of psychiatry at Indiana University and the author of a book on the subject .
“ The explanation behind the fugue is that the person is running away from a bad situation , from a bad marriage or a bad financial situation . ”
The Missing Chapter
When Ms. Upp failed to return to her apartment after four days , her roommates contacted the police .
After a week with no word , and fearing that she had been a victim of a kidnapping or another violent crime , her friends and family posted messages on blogs and started a Facebook page called “ We ’re Not Giving Upp ( on Hannah ) , ” which was dedicated to tracking her down .
Accompanying many postings was a photograph of a smiling young woman with warm hazel eyes , glossy brown hair and a white rose tucked behind one ear .
Despite the optimistic tone of the postings , her family was frantic .
“ At first , you try to come up with any kind of possible theory that could provide a simple , harmless explanation of where she might be , ” her brother , Dan Upp , said from Japan .
“ But considering the circumstances , you really can’t convince yourself that any of them are feasible , and you ’re left with the unavoidable conclusion that something is very wrong . ”
Ms. Upp credits the police with helping her piece together what happened during the missing weeks .
Though details like where she ate and slept remain elusive to her , security camera footage and conversations with police detectives have provided some clues to the where if not the why .
According to police reports , Ms. Upp spent a lot of time in places like Riverside Drive , “ where if you ’re in running gear , no one ’s going to look at you twice , ” she said .
When she revisited Riverside Drive after leaving the hospital , Ms. Upp said , “ it seemed to make sense to me .
Not only is it one of my favorite places , but there ’s something soothing about the sound of water and just not feeling trapped in the concrete jungle . ”
Ms. Upp ’s doctors have helped her make sense of other clues , like her stops at the Apple store , where she was seen both checking her e-mail and speaking with a fellow Pace student .
Hey , geek – want to be sexy ?
Better start a video blog .
That 's the takeaway from the hot and heavy voting in Wired.
com 's 2008 Sexiest Geeks competition .
Vloggers Philip DeFranco ( pictured above , center ) and Marina Orlova ( above left ) harnessed their massive online audiences to shoot past actors , musicians and assorted brainiacs to become the top-rated sexy geeks in this year 's extremely unscientific reader poll .
Artist and MythBusters debunker Kari Byron ( above right ) came in No. 3 at the time of our official tabulation .
DeFranco , whose manic vlogging at PhillyD.tv and on YouTube ( his user name is sxephil ) , has generated a huge fan base .
His hop to the top of this year 's Sexiest Geeks list is something of a shocker for a contest that 's usually dominated by women .
Orlova 's rise as top - rated female sexy geek is not so surprising .
The busty wordsmith , whose HotForWords linguistic lectures regularly burn up the YouTube charts , leapt to No. 2 top - ranked sexy geek in this year 's contest and walked away with top honors in 2007 .
She said an intellectual challenge is at the heart of her sexy geekiness .
" I think that people like to have their brains stimulated , and my show does that , " said Orlova in an e-mail interview .
The vlogger was named " world ’s sexiest philologist " by The New Yorker .
Orlova , who became the top-rated female sexy geek in 2008 thanks to a Christmas Day ballot - stuffing blitz that overwhelmed the eggnog - besotted elves monitoring Wired.com 's user - driven nomination process , chalked up her strong showing to hard work .
" I am an actual geek , " said Orlova , pictured above with a book that is presumably filled with hot words .
" I am on my computer the second I wake up until the second I go to sleep ....
I research , write , shoot , produce , edit , compress and upload all of my videos .
And I do one every day , seven days a week . "
Although DeFranco ultimately became top-rated and The Colbert Report funnyman Stephen Colbert also made it into the top 10 , some Wired.com commenters took issue with the lack of male contenders on the user - generated list .
" OK , so where are the boys ? " wrote Lina .
" It seems that geek girls by far outnumber geek boys in terms of sexiness . "
Others wondered about the nature of true geekiness .
" Although Summer Glau gets my vote , being a starlet on a sci - fi show does n't make you a geek , " wrote Jens .
" Just being a Mac user is also stretching the definition ....
For true geek cred you must have an intellectual pursuit , preferably obscure , of some kind .
Such as ancient Egyptian algebra or Perl .
Of course , according to Neal Stephenson , we 're all geeks / nerds these days . "
HotForWords ' Orlova , who wears a hot pink bustier in her promo photo , said brains and beauty work together for the fully sexy geek package .
" Curves get your initial attention , " she said , " but words will hold on your attention much longer ! "
2008 's top 10 Sexiest Geeks are , as of Wednesday 's official tally :
1. ) Philip DeFranco
2. ) Marina Orlova
3. ) Kari Byron : artist and MythBuster
4. ) Jade Raymond : videogame producer and Electric Playground host
5. ) Mila Kunis : actress and World of Warcraft fan
6. ) Tina Fey : 30 Rock actress and Saturday Night Live's Sarah Palin impersonator
7. ) Stephen Colbert : faux newsman
8. ) Zooey Deschanel : actress , musician and singer - songwriter
9. ) Danica McKellar : actress and math advocate
10 . ) Alyson Hannigan : actress
See the rest of the 400 or so nominees on the voting page .
You can still vote , but you can no longer nominate new sexy geeks .
( Save 'em up for next year . )
Photo of Orlova with book : Jennifer Moss
See also :
Groovy is a very successful and powerful dynamic language for the Java Virtual Machine that provides seamless integration with Java , and has its roots firmly planted in Java itself for the syntax and APIs and other languages such as Smalltalk , Python or Ruby for its dynamic capabilities .
Groovy is used in many Open Source projects such as Grails , Spring , JBoss Seam and more , as well as integrated in commercial products and Fortune 500 mission - critical applications for its scripting capabilities offering a nice extension mechanism to these applications , or for its ability to let subject matter experts and developers author embedded Domain - Specific Languages to express business concepts in a readable and maintainable fashion .
In this article , Guillaume Laforge , Groovy Project Manager and Head of Groovy Development at SpringSource , will go through an overview of the novelties offered by the newly released Groovy 1.6 .
Overview of Groovy 1.6
As we shall see in this article , the main highlights of this Groovy 1.6 release are :
Greater compile - time and runtime performance improvements
Multiple assignments
Optional return in if / else and try / catch blocks
/ and / blocks Java 5 annotation definition
AST transformations and all the provided transformation annotations like @ Singleton , @ Lazy , @ Immutable , @ Delegate and friends
and all the provided transformation annotations like , , , and friends The Grape module and dependency system and its @ Grab transformation
transformation Various Swing builder improvements , thanks to the Swing / Griffon team , as well as several Swing console improvements
The integration of JMX builder
Various metaprogramming improvements , like the EMC DSL , per-instance metaclasses even for POJOs , and runtime mixins
, like the EMC DSL , per-instance metaclasses even for POJOs , and runtime mixins JSR - 223 scripting engine built - in
scripting engine built - in Out - of - the - box OSGi readiness
All those improvements and new features serve one goal : helping developers be more productive and more agile , by :
Focusing more on the task at hand than on boiler - plate technical code
Leveraging existing Enterprise APIs rather than reinventing the wheel
Improving the overal performance and quality of the language
Enabling developers to customize the language at will to derive their own Domain - Specific Languages
But beyond all these important aspects , Groovy is not just a language , it 's a whole ecosystem .
The improvements in Groovy 's generated bytecode information helps capable tools coverage like Cobertura and its Groovy support , or pave the way for new utilities like CodeNarc for static code analysis for Groovy .
The malleability of the syntax of the language and its metaprogramming capabilities give birth to advanced testing tools such as the Easyb Behavior - Driven - Development project , the GMock mocking library or the Spock testing and specification framework .
Again , Groovy 's flexibility and expressivity and its scripting capabilities open the doors to advanced build scripting or infrastructure systems for your continuous integration practices and project build solutions , such as Gant and Graddle .
At the tooling level , Groovy also progresses , for instance with its groovydoc
Ant task to let you generate proper JavaDoc covering , documenting and interlinking both your Groovy and Java source files for your Groovy / Java mixed projects .
And at the same time , IDE makers improve their support for Groovy , by giving users powerful weapons such as cross- language code refactoring , profound understanding of dynamic language idioms , code completion , and more , to make developers productive when using Groovy in their projects .
Now , armed with this knowledge of the Groovy world , it 's time to dive into the novelties of Groovy 1.6 !
Performance improvements
A lot of care has been taken to improve both the compile - time and runtime performance of Groovy , compared to previous releases .
The compiler is 3 to 5 times faster than in previous releases .
This improvement has also been backported in the 1.5.x branch , so that both the old maintenance branch and the current stable branch benefit from this work .
Thanks to class lookup caches , the bigger the project , the faster the compilation will be .
However , the most noticeable changes will be in the general runtime performance improvements of Groovy .
We used several benchmarks from the Great Language Shootout to measure our progress .
On those we selected , compared to the old Groovy 1.5. x line , the performance improvements ranged from 150 % to 460 % .
Micro - benchmarks obviously rarely reflect the kind of code you have in your own projects , but the overal performance of your projects should improve significantly .
Multiple assignments
In Groovy 1.6 , there is only one syntax addition for being able to define and assign several variables at once :
def ( a , b ) = [ 1 , 2 ] assert a == 1 assert b == 2
A more meaninful example may be methods returning longitute and latitude coordinates .
If these coordinates are represented as a list of two elements , you can easily get back to each element as follows :
def geocode ( String location ) { // implementation returns [ 48.824068 , 2.531733 ] for Paris , France } def ( lat , long ) = geocode ( " Paris , France " ) assert lat == 48.824068 assert long == 2.531733
And you can also define the types of the variables in one shot as follows :
def ( int i , String s ) = [ 1 , ' Groovy ' ] assert i == 1 assert s == ' Groovy '
For the assignment ( with prior definition of the variables ) , just omit the def keyword :
def firstname , lastname ( firstname , lastname ) = " Guillaume Laforge " .tokenize ( ) assert firstname == " Guillaume " assert lastname == " Laforge "
If the list on the right - hand side contains more elements than the number of variables on the left - hand side , only the first elements will be assigned in order into the variables .
Also , when there are less elements than variables , the extra variables will be assigned null .
So for the case with more variables than list elements , here , c will be null :
def elements = [ 1 , 2 ] def ( a , b , c ) = elements assert a == 1 assert b == 2 assert c == null
Whereas in the case where there are more list elements than variables , we 'll get the following expectations :
def elements = [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] def ( a , b , c ) = elements assert a == 1 assert b == 2 assert c == 3
For the curious minds , supporting multiple assignments also means we can do the standard school swap case in one line :
// given those two variables def a = 1 , b = 2 // swap variables with a list ( a , b ) = [ b , a ] assert a == 2 assert b == 1
Annotation definition
Actually , when I said that multiple assignments were the sole syntax addition , it 's not entirely true .
Groovy supported the syntax for annotation definition even in Groovy 1.5 , but we had not implemented the feature completely .
Fortunately , this is now fixed , and it wraps up all the Java 5 features supported by Groovy , such as static imports , generics , annotations , and enums , making Groovy the sole alternative dynamic language for the JVM supporting all those Java 5 features , which is critical for a seamless Java integration story , and for the usage in Enterprise frameworks relying on annotations , generics and more , like JPA , EJB3 , Spring , TestNG , etc .
Optional return for if / else and try / catch / finally blocks
It is now possible for if / else and try / catch / finally blocks to return a value when they are the last expression in a method or a closure .
No need to explicitly use the return keyword inside these constructs , as long as they are the latest expression in the block of code .
As an example , the following method will return 1 , although the return keyword was omitted .
def method ( ) { if ( true ) 1 else 0 } assert method ( ) == 1
For try / catch / finally blocks , the last expression evaluated is the one being returned .
If an exception is thrown in the try block , the last expression in the catch block is returned instead .
Note that finally blocks do n't return any value .
def method ( bool ) { try { if ( bool ) throw new Exception ( " foo " ) 1 } catch (e ) { 2 } finally { 3 } } assert method ( false ) == 1 assert method ( true ) == 2
AST Transformations
Although at times , it may sound like a good idea to extend the syntax of Groovy to implement new features ( like this is the case for instance for multiple assignments ) , most of the time , we can't just add a new keyword to the grammar , or create some new syntax construct to represent a new concept .
However , with the idea of AST ( Abstract Syntax Tree ) Transformations , we are able to tackle new and innovative ideas without necessary grammar changes .
When the Groovy compiler compiles Groovy scripts and classes , at some point in the process , the source code will end up being represented in memory in the form of a Concrete Syntax Tree , then transformed into an Abstract Syntax Tree .
The purpose of AST Transformations is to let developers hook into the compilation process to be able to modify the AST before it is turned into bytecode that will be run by the JVM .
AST Transformations provides Groovy with improved compile - time metaprogramming capabilities allowing powerful flexibility at the language level , without a runtime performance penalty .
There are two kinds of transformations : global and local transformations .
Global transformations are applied to by the compiler on the code being compiled , wherever the transformation apply .
A JAR added to the classpath of the compiler should contain a service locator file at META - INF / services/org.codehaus.groovy.transform.ASTTransformation with a line with the name of the transformation class .
The transformation class must have a no-args constructor and implement the org.codehaus.groovy.transform.ASTTransformation interface .
It will be run against every source in the compilation , so be sure to not create transformations which scan all the AST in an expansive and time - consuming manner , to keep the compiler fast .
with a line with the name of the transformation class .
The transformation class must have a no-args constructor and implement the interface .
It will be run against every source in the compilation , so be sure to not create transformations which scan all the AST in an expansive and time - consuming manner , to keep the compiler fast .
Local transformations are transformations applied locally by annotating code elements you want to transform .
For this , we reuse the annotation notation , and those annotations should implement org.codehaus.groovy.transform.ASTTransformation .
The compiler will discover them and apply the transformation on these code elements .
Groovy 1.6 provides several local transformation annotations , in the Groovy Swing Builder for data binding ( @ Bindable and @ Vetoable ) , in the Grape module system for adding script library dependencies ( @ Grab ) , or as general language features without requiring any syntax change to support them ( @ Singleton , @ Immutable , @ Delegate , @ Lazy , @ Newify , @ Category , @ Mixin and @ PackageScope ) .
Let 's have a look at some of these transformations ( @ Bindable and @Vetoable will be covered in the section related to the Swing enhancements , and @ Grab in the section about Grape ) .
@ Singleton
Whether the singleton is pattern or an anti-pattern , there are still some cases where we need to create singletons .
We 're used to create a private constructor , a getInstance ( ) method for a static field or even an initialized public static final field .
So instead of writing code like this in Java :
public class T { public static final T instance = new T( ) ; private T ( ) {} }
You just need to annotate your type with the @Singleton annotation :
@ Singleton class T {}
The singleton instance can then simply be accessed with T.instance ( direct public field access ) .
You can also have the lazy loading approach with an additional annotation parameter :
@ Singleton ( lazy = true ) class T {}
Would become more or less equivalent to this Groovy class :
class T { private static volatile T instance private T( ) {} static T getInstance ( ) { if ( instance ) { instance } else { synchronized ( T ) { if ( instance ) { instance } else { instance = new T ( ) } } } } }
Lazy or not , once again , to access the instance , simply do T.instance ( property access , shorcut for T.getInstance ( ) ) .
@ Immutable
Immutable objects are ones which do n't change after initial creation .
Such objects are frequently desirable because they are simple and can be safely shared even in multi- threading contexts .
This makes them great for functional and concurrent scenarios .
The rules for creating such objects are well - known :
No mutators ( methods that modify internal state )
Class must be final
Fields must be private and final
Defensive copying of mutable components
equals ( ) , hashCode ( ) and toString ( ) must be implemented in terms of the fields if you want to compare your objects or use them as keys in e.g. maps
Instead of writing a very long Java or Groovy class mimicking this immutability behavior , Groovy lets you just write an immutable class as follow :
@ Immutable final class Coordinates { Double latitude , longitude } def c1 = new Coordinates ( latitude : 48.824068 , longitude : 2.531733 ) def c2 = new Coordinates ( 48.824068 , 2.531733 ) assert c1 == c2
All the boiler - plate code is generated at compile - time for you !
The example shows that to instantiate such immutable coordinates , you can use one of the two constructors created by the transformation , one taking a map whose keys are the properties to set to the values associated with those keys , and the other taking the values of the properties as parameters .
The assert also shows that equals ( ) was implemented and allows us to properly compare such immutable objects .
You can have a look at the details of the implementation of this transformation .
For the record , the Groovy example above using the @Immutable transformation is over 50 lines of equivalent Java code .
@ Lazy
Another transformation is @ Lazy .
Sometimes , you want to handle the initialization of a field of your clas lazily , so that its value is computed only on first use , often because it may be time - consuming or memory - expensive to create .
The usual approach is to customize the getter of said field , so that it takes care of the initialization when the getter is called the first time .
But in Groovy 1.6 , you can now use the @Lazy annotation for that purpose :
class Person { @ Lazy pets = [ ' Cat ' , ' Dog ' , ' Bird ' ] } def p = new Person ( ) assert !( p.dump ( ) .contains ( ' Cat ' ) ) assert p.pets.size( ) == 3 assert p.dump ( ) .contains ( ' Cat ' )
In the case of complex computation for initializing the field , you may need to call some method for doing the work , instead of a value like our pets list .
This is then possible to have the lazy evaluation being done by a closure call , as the following example shows :
class Person { @ Lazy List pets = { /* complex computation here */ }( ) }
There is also an option for leveraging Soft references for garbage collection friendliness for expensive data structures that may be contained by such lazy fields :
class Person { @ Lazy ( soft = true )
List pets = [ ' Cat ' , ' Dog ' , ' Bird ' ] } def p = new Person ( ) assert p.pets.contains ( ' Cat ' )
The internal field created by the compiler for pets will actually be a Soft reference , but accessing p.pets directly will return the value ( ie. the list of pets ) held by that reference , making the use of the soft reference transparent to the user of that class .
@ Delegate
Java does n't provide any built - in delegation mechanism , and so far Groovy did n't either .
But with the @Delegate transformation , a class field or property can be annotated and become an object to which method calls are delegated .
In the following example , an Event class has a date delegate , and the compiler will delegate all of Date 's methods invoked on the Event class to the Date delegate .
As shown in the latest assert , the Event class has got a before ( Date ) method , and all of Date 's methods .
import java.text .SimpleDateFormat class Event { @ Delegate Date when String title , url } def df = new SimpleDateFormat ( " yyyy / MM/dd " ) def gr8 conf = new Event ( title : " GR8 Conference " , url : " http://www.gr8conf.org " , when : df.parse ( " 2009/05/18 " ) ) def javaOne = new Event ( title : " JavaOne " , url : " http://java.sun.com/javaone/ " , when : df.parse ( " 2009/06/02 " ) ) assert gr8conf.before(javaOne.when )
The Groovy compiler adds all of Date 's methods to the Event class , and those methods simply delegate the call to the Date field .
If the delegate is not a final class , it is even possible to make the Event class a subclass of Date simply by extending Date , as shown below .
No need to implement the delegation ourselves by adding each and every Date methods to our Event class , since the compiler is friendly - enough with us to do the job itself .
class Event extends Date { @ Delegate Date when String title , url }
In the case you are delegating to an interface , however , you do n't even need to explictely say you implement the interface of the delegate .
The @Delegate transformation will take care of this and implement that interface .
So the instances of your class will automatically be instanceof the delegate 's interface .
import java.util.concurrent.locks .* class LockableList { @ Delegate private List list = [ ]
@ Delegate private Lock lock = new ReentrantLock ( ) } def list = new LockableList ( ) list.lock ( ) try { list << ' Groovy ' list << ' Grails ' list << ' Griffon ' } finally { list.unlock ( ) } assert list.size ( ) == 3 assert list instanceof Lock assert list instanceof List
In this example , our LockableList is now a composite of a list and a lock and is instanceof of List and Lock .
However , if you did n't intend your class to be implementing these interfaces , you would still be able to do so by specifying a parameter on the annotation :
@ Delegate ( interfaces = false ) private List list = [ ]
@ Newify
The @Newify transformation proposes two new ways of instantiating classes .
The first one is providing Ruby like approach to creating instances with a new ( ) class method :
@ Newify rubyLikeNew ( ) { assert Integer.new ( 42 ) == 42 } rubyLikeNew ( )
But it is also possible to follow the Python approach with omitting the new keyword .
Imagine the following tree creation :
class
Tree { def elements Tree( Object ... elements ) { this .elements = elements as List } } class Leaf { def value Leaf ( value ) { this .value = value } } def buildTree ( ) { new Tree( new Tree ( new Leaf ( 1 ) , new Leaf ( 2 ) ) , new Leaf ( 3 ) ) } buildTree ( )
The creation of the tree is not very readable because of all those new keywords spread across the line .
The Ruby approach would n't be more readable , since a new ( ) method call for creating each element is needed .
But by using @ Newify , we can improve our tree building slightly to make it easier on the eye :
@ Newify ( [ Tree , Leaf ] ) buildTree ( ) { Tree( Tree( Leaf ( 1 ) , Leaf ( 2 ) ) , Leaf ( 3 ) ) }
You 'll also notice that we just allowed Tree and Leaf to be newified .
By default , under the scope which is annotated , all instantiations are newified , but you can limit the reach by specifying the classes you 're interested in .
Also , note that for our example , perhaps a Groovy builder may have been more appropriate , since its purpose is to indeed create any kind of hierarchical / tree strucutre .
If we take another look at our coordinates example from a few sections earlier , using both @ Immutable and @ Newify can be interesting for creating a path with a concise but type - safe manner :
@ Immutable final class Coordinates { Double latitude , longitude } @ Immutable final class Path { Coordinates [ ] coordinates } @ Newify ( [ Coordinates , Path ] ) def build ( ) { Path ( Coordinates ( 48.824068 , 2.531733 ) , Coordinates ( 48.857840 , 2.347212 ) , Coordinates ( 48.858429 , 2.342622 ) ) } assert build ().coordinates.size ( ) == 3
A closing remark here : since a Path( Coordinates [ ] coordinates ) was generated , we can use that constructor in a varargs way in Groovy , just as if it had been defined as Path ( Coordinates ... coordinates ) .
@ Category and @ Mixin
If you 've been using Groovy for a while , you 're certainly familiar with the concept of Categories .
It 's a mechanism to extend existing types ( even final classes from the JDK or third - party libraries ) , to add new methods to them .
This is also a technique which can be used when writing Domain - Specific Languages .
Let 's consider the example below :
final class Distance { def number String toString ( ) { " $ {number}m " } } class NumberCategory { static Distance getMeters ( Number self ) { new Distance ( number : self ) } } use( NumberCategory ) { def dist = 300. meters assert dist instanceof Distance assert dist.toString ( ) == " 300 m " }
We have a simplistic and fictive Distance class which may have been provided by a third - party , who had the bad idea of making the class final so that nobody could ever extend it in any way .
But thanks to a Groovy Category , we are able to decorate the Distance type with additional methods .
Here , we 're going to add a getMeters ( ) method to numbers , by actually decorating the Number type .
By adding a getter to a number , you 're able to reference it using the nice property syntax of Groovy .
So instead of writing 300.getMeters ( ) , you 're able to write 300.meters .
The downside of this category system and notation is that to add instance methods to other types , you have to create static methods , and furthermore , there 's a first argument which represents the instance of the type we 're working on .
The other arguments are the normal arguments the method will take as parameters .
So it may be a bit less intuitive than a normal method definition we would have added to Distance , should we have had access to its source code for enhancing it .
Here comes the @Category annotation , which transforms a class with instance methods into a Groovy category :
@ Category ( Number ) class NumberCategory { Distance getMeters ( ) { new Distance ( number : this ) } }
No need for declaring the methods static , and the this you use here is actually the number on which the category will apply , it 's not the real this of the category instance should we create one .
Then to use the category , you can continue to use the use( Category ) {} construct .
What you 'll notice however is that these kind of categories only apply to one single type at a time , unlike classical categories which can be applied to any number of types .
Now , pair @ Category extensions to the @Mixin transformation , and you can mix in various behavior in a class , with an approach similar to multiple inheritance :
@ Category ( Vehicle ) class FlyingAbility { def fly ( ) {
" I 'm the $ {name} and I fly ! " } } @ Category ( Vehicle ) class DivingAbility { def dive ( ) {
" I 'm the $ {name} and I dive ! " } } interface Vehicle { String getName ( ) } @ Mixin( DivingAbility ) class Submarine implements Vehicle { String getName ( ) { " Yellow Submarine " } } @ Mixin( FlyingAbility ) class Plane implements Vehicle { String getName ( ) { " Concorde " } } @ Mixin ( [ DivingAbility , FlyingAbility ] ) class JamesBondVehicle implements Vehicle { String getName ( ) { " James Bond 's vehicle " } } assert new Plane ( ) . fly ( ) == " I'm the Concorde and I fly ! " assert new Submarine ( ) .dive ( ) == " I'm the Yellow Submarine and I dive ! " assert new JamesBondVehicle ( ) .fly ( ) == " I 'm the James Bond 's vehicle and I fly ! " assert new JamesBondVehicle ( ) .dive ( ) == " I 'm the James Bond 's vehicle and I dive ! "
You do n't inherit from various interfaces and inject the same behavior in each subclass , instead you mixin the categories into your class .
Here , our marvelous James Bond vehicle gets the flying and diving capabilities through mixins .
An important point to make here is that unlike @ Delegate which can inject interfaces into the class in which the delegate is declared , @ Mixin just does runtime mixing — as we shall see in the metaprogramming enhancements further down in this article .
@PackageScope
Groovy 's convention for properties is that any field without any visibility modifier is exposed as a property , with a getter and a setter transparently generated for you .
For instance , this Person class exposes a getter getName ( ) and a setter setName ( ) for a private name field :
class Person { String name }
Which is equivalent to this Java class :
public class Person { private String name ; public String getName ( ) { return name ; } public void setName ( name ) { this .
name = name ; } }
That said , this approach has one drawback in that you do n't have the possibility to define a field with package - scope visibility .
To be able to expose a field with package - scope visibility , you can now annotate your field with the @PackageScope annotation .
Grape , the Groovy Adaptable / Advanced Packaging Engine
To continue our overview of the AST transformations , we 'll now learn more about Grape , a mechanism to add and leverage dependencies in your Groovy scripts .
Groovy scripts can require certain libraries : by explicitly saying so in your script with the @Grab transformation or with the Grape.grab ( ) method call , the runtime will find the needed JARs for you .
With Grape , you can easily distribute scripts without their dependencies , and have them downloaded on first use of your script and cached .
Under the hood , Grape uses Ivy and Maven repositories containing the libraries you may need in your scripts .
Imagine you want to get the links of all the PDF documents referenced by the Java 5 documentation .
You want to parse the HTML page as if it were an XML - compliant document ( which it is not ) with the Groovy XmlParser , so you can use the TagSoup SAX - compliant parser which transforms HTML into well - formed valid XML .
You do n't even have to mess up with your classpath when running your script , just grab the TagSoup library through Grape :
import org.ccil.cowan.tagsoup .Parser // find the PDF links in the Java 1.5.0 documentation @ Grab( group='org.ccil.cowan.tagsoup ' , module= ' tagsoup ' , version = ' 0.9.7 ') def getHtml ( ) { def tagsoupParser = new Parser ( ) def parser = new XmlParser( tagsoupParser ) parser.parse ( " http://java.sun.com/j2se/1.5.0/download-pdf.html " ) } html.body .'**'.a.@href.grep(~/.*\.pdf/).each{ println it }
For the pleasure of giving another example : let 's use the Jetty servlet container to expose Groovy templates in a few lines of code :
import org.mortbay.jetty .
Server import org.mortbay.jetty.servlet .* import groovy.servlet .* @ Grab ( group = ' org.mortbay.jetty ' , module = ' jetty - embedded ' , version = ' 6.1.0 ' ) def runServer ( duration ) { def server = new Server ( 8080 ) def context = new Context ( server , " / " , Context .
SESSIONS ) ; context.resourceBase = " . " context.addServlet(TemplateServlet , " *.gsp " ) server.start ( ) sleep duration server.stop ( ) } runServer ( 10000 )
Grape will download Jetty and its dependencies on first launch of this script , and cache them .
We 're creating a new Jetty Server on port 8080 , then expose Groovy 's TemplateServlet at the root of the context —
Groovy comes with its own powerful template engine mechanism .
We start the server and let it run for a certain duration .
Each time someone will hit http://localhost:8080/somepage.gsp , it will display the somepage.gsp template to the user — those template pages should be situated in the same directory as this server script .
Grape can also be used as a method call instead of as an annotation .
You can also install , list , resolve dependencies from the command - line using the grape command .
For more information on Grape , please refer to the documentation .
Swing builder improvements
To wrap up our overview of AST transformations , let 's finish by speaking about two transformations very useful to Swing developers : @ Bindable and @ Vetoable .
When creating Swing UIs , you 're often interested in monitoring the changes of value of certain UI elements .
For this purpose , the usual approach is to use JavaBeans Property ChangeListener s to be notified when the value of a class field changes .
You then end up writing this very common boiler - plate code in your Java beans :
import java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport ; import java .
beans .PropertyChangeListener ; public class MyBean { private String prop ; PropertyChangeSupport pcs = new PropertyChangeSupport ( this ) ; public void addPropertyChangeListener( PropertyChangeListener l ) { pcs.add(l ) ; } public void removePropertyChangeListener( PropertyChangeListener l ) { pcs.remove(l ) ; } public String getProp ( ) { return prop ; } public void setProp ( String prop ) { pcs.firePropertyChanged(" prop " , this .prop , this .prop = prop ) ; } }
Fortunately , with Groovy and the @Bindable annotation , this code can be greatly simplified :
class MyBean { @ Bindable String prop }
Now pair that with Groovy 's Swing builder new bind ( ) method , define a text field and bind its value to a property of your data model :
text
Field text : bind ( source : myBeanInstance , sourceProperty : ' prop ' )
Or even :
text
Field text : bind { myBeanInstance.prop }
The binding also works with simple expressions in the closure , for instance something like this is possible too :
bean location : bind { pos.x + ' , ' + pos.y }
You may also be interested in having a look at ObservableMap and ObservableList , for a similar mechanism on maps and lists .
Along with @ Bindable , there 's also a @ Vetoable transformation for when you need to be able to veto some property change .
Let 's consider a Trompetist class , where the performer 's name is not allowed to contain the letter 'z ' :
import java.beans .* import groovy .
beans .
Vetoable class Trumpetist { @ Vetoable String name } def me = new Trumpetist ( ) me.vetoableChange = { PropertyChangeEvent pce -> if ( pce.newValue.contains ( 'z ' ) ) throw new PropertyVetoException
( " The letter 'z ' is not allowed in a name " , pce ) } me. name = " Louis Armstrong " try { me. name = " Dizzy Gillespie " assert false : " You should not be able to set a name with letter ' z ' in it . " } catch ( PropertyVetoException pve ) { assert true }
Looking at a more thorough Swing builder example with binding :
import groovy.swing .SwingBuilder import groovy .beans .
Bindable import static javax.swing.JFrame.EXIT_ON_CLOSE
class TextModel { @ Bindable String text } def textModel = new TextModel( ) SwingBuilder .build { frame ( title : ' Binding Example ( Groovy ) ' , size : [ 240,100 ] , show : true , locationRelativeTo : null , defaultCloseOperation : EXIT_ON_CLOSE ) { gridLayout cols : 1 , rows : 2 textField id : ' textField ' bean textModel , text : bind{ text
Field .
text } label text : bind { textModel.text } } }
Running this script shows up the frame below with a text field and a lable below , and the label 's text is bound on the text field 's content .
SwingBuilder has evolved so nicely in the past year that the Groovy Swing team decided to launch a new project based on it , and on the Grails foundations : project Griffon was born .
Griffon proposes to bring the Convention over Configuration paradigm of Grails , as well as all its project structure , plugin system , gant scripting capabilities , etc .
If you are developing Swing rich clients , make sure to have a look at Griffon .
Swing console improvements
Swinging along the topic of UIs , the Swing console has also evolved :
The console can be run as an Applet ( groovy.ui.ConsoleApplet ) .
) .
Beyond syntax highlighting , the editor also supports code indentation .
Drag 'n droping a Groovy script over the text area will open the file .
You can modify the classpath with which the script in the console is being run , by adding a new JAR or a directory to the classpath as shown in the screenshot below .
A couple options have been added to the view menu item : for showing the script being run in the output area , and for visualizing the execution results .
When an exception is thrown in your script , the lines of the stacktrace relative to your script are clickable , for easy navigation to the point where the error occurred .
Also , when your script contains compilation errors , the error messages are clickable too .
Back on the visualization of the results in the script output area , a fun system was added to let you customize how certain results are rendered .
When you execute a script returning a map of Jazz musicians , you may see something like this in your console :
What you see here is the usual textual representation of a Map .
But , what if we enabled custom visualization of certain results ?
The Swing console allows you to do just that .
First of all , you have to ensure that the visualization option is ticked : View ->
Visualize Script Results — for the record , all settings of the Groovy Console are stored and remembered thanks to the Preference API .
There are a few result visualizations built - in : if the script returns a java .
awt .
Image , a javax . swing .
Icon , or a java .
awt .
Component with no parent , the object is displayed instead of its toString ( ) representation .
Otherwise , everything else is still just represented as text .
Now , create the following Groovy script in ~/.groovy / OutputTransforms.groovy :
import javax.swing .* transforms << { result -> if ( result instanceof Map ) { def table = new JTable ( result.collect{ k , v -< [ k , v?.inspect ( ) ] as Object [ ] } as Object [ ] [ ] , [ ' Key ' , ' Value ' ] as Object [ ] ) table.preferredViewportSize = table.preferredSize return new JScrollPane ( table ) } }
The Groovy Swing console will execute that script on startup , injecting a transforms list in the binding of the script , so that you can add your own script results representations .
In our case , we transform the Map into a nice - looking Swing JTable .
And we 're now able to visualize maps in a friendly and attractive fashion , as the screenshot below shows :
The Swing console is obviously not to be confused with a real full - blown IDE , but for daily scripting tasks , the console is a handy tool in your toolbox .
Metaprogramming enhancements
What makes Groovy a dynamic language is its Meta - Object Protocol and its concept of metaclasses which represent the runtime behavior of your classes and instances .
In Groovy 1.6 , we continue improving this dynamic runtime system , bringing several new capabilities into the mix .
Per instance metaclass even for POJOs
So far , Groovy POGOs ( Plain Old Groovy Objects ) could have a per-instance metaclass , but POJOs could only have one metaclass for all instances ( ie. a per-class metaclass ) .
This is now not the case anymore , as POJOs can have a per-instance metaclass too .
Also , setting the metaclass property to null will restore the default metaclass .
ExpandoMetaClass DSL
Initially developed under the Grails umbrella and integrated back into Groovy 1.5 , ExpandoMetaClass is a very handy way for changing the runtime behavior of your objects and classes , instead of writing full - blow MetaClass classes .
Each time , we want to add / change several properties or methods of an existing type , there is too much of a repetition of Type.metaClass.xxx .
Take for example this extract of a Unit manipulation DSL dealing with operator overloading :
Number.metaClass.multiply = { Amount amount -> amount.times ( delegate ) } Number.metaClass.div = { Amount amount -> amount.inverse( ) .times ( delegate ) } Amount.metaClass.div = { Number factor -> delegate.divide( factor ) } Amount.metaClass.div = { Amount factor -> delegate.divide( factor ) } Amount.metaClass.multiply = { Number factor -> delegate.times ( factor ) } Amount.metaClass.power = { Number factor -> delegate.pow ( factor ) } Amount.metaClass.negative = { -> delegate.opposite ( ) }
The repetition , here , looks obvious .
But with the ExpandoMetaClass DSL , we can streamline the code by regrouping the operators per type :
Number.metaClass { multiply { Amount amount -> amount.times ( delegate ) } div { Amount amount -> amount.inverse( ) .times ( delegate ) } } Amount.metaClass { div << { Number factor -> delegate.divide( factor ) } div << { Amount factor -> delegate.divide( factor ) } multiply { Number factor -> delegate.times ( factor ) } power { Number factor -> delegate.pow ( factor ) } negative { -> delegate.opposite ( ) } }
A metaClass ( ) method takes a closure as single argument , containing the various definitions of the methods and properties , instead of repeating the Type.metaClass on each line .
When there is just one method of a given name , use the pattern methodName { /* closure */ } , but when there are several , you should use the append operator and follow the patten methodName << { /* closure */ } .
Static methods can also be added through this mechanism , so instead of the classical approach :
// add a fqn ( ) method to Class to get the fully // qualified name of the class ( ie. simply Class#getName ) Class.metaClass.static.fqn = { delegate.name } assert String.fqn( ) == " java.lang .
String "
You can now do :
Class.metaClass { ' static ' { fqn { delegate .
name } } }
Note here that you have to quote the static keyword , to avoid this construct to look like a static initializer .
For one off method addition , the classical approach is obviously more concise , but when you have several methods to add , the EMC DSL makes sense .
The usual approach for adding properties to existing classes through ExpandoMetaClass is to add a getter and a setter as methods .
For instance , say you want to add a method that counts the number of words in a text file , you could try this :
File.metaClass.getWordCount = { delegate.text.split(/\w/).size( ) } new File('myFile.txt').wordCount
When there is some logic inside the getter , this is certainly the best approach , but when you just want to have new properties holding simple values , through the ExpandoMetaClass DSL , it is possible to define them .
In the following example , a last Accessed property is added to a Car class — each instance will have its property .
Whenever a method is called on that car , this property is updated with a newer timestamp .
class Car { void turnOn ( ) {} void drive ( ) {} void turnOff ( ) {} } Car.metaClass { lastAccessed = null invokeMethod = { String name , args -> def metaMethod = delegate.metaClass.getMetaMethod( name , args ) if ( metaMethod ) { delegate.lastAccessed = new Date( ) metaMethod.doMethodInvoke( delegate , args ) } else { throw new MissingMethodException ( name , delegate.class , args ) } } } def car = new Car ( ) println " Last accessed : $ {car.lastAccessed ? : ' Never '} " car.turnOn ( ) println " Last accessed : $ {car.lastAccessed ? : ' Never '} " car.drive ( ) sleep 1000 println " Last accessed : $ {car.lastAccessed ? : ' Never '} " sleep 1000 car.turnOff ( ) println " Last accessed : $ {car.lastAccessed ? : ' Never '} "
In our example , in the DSL , we access that property through the delegate of the closure , with delegate.lastAccessed = new Date ( ) .
And we intercept any method call thanks to invokeMethod ( ) , delegating to the original method for the call , and throwing an exception in case the method does n't exist .
Later on , you can see by executing this script that lastAccessed is updated as soon as we call a method on our instance .
Runtime mixins
Last metaprogramming feature we 'll cover today : runtime mixins .
@ Mixin allowed you to mixin new behavior to classes you owned and were designing .
But you could not mixin anything to types you did n't own .
Runtime mixins propose to fill that gap by letting you add a mixin on any type at runtime .
If we think again about our example of vehicles with some mixed - in capabilities , if we did n't own James Bond 's vehicle and give it some diving ability , we could use this mechanism :
// provided by a third - party interface Vehicle { String getName ( ) } // provided by a third - party class JamesBondVehicle implements Vehicle { String getName ( ) { " James Bond 's vehicle " } } JamesBondVehicle.mixin DivingAbility , FlyingAbility assert new JamesBondVehicle ( ).fly ( ) == " I 'm the James Bond 's vehicle and I fly ! " assert new JamesBondVehicle ( ) .dive ( ) == " I 'm the James Bond 's vehicle and I dive ! "
One or more mixins can be passed as argument to the static mixin ( ) method added by Groovy on Class .
JSR - 223 Groovy Scripting Engine
Before Groovy 1.6 , if you wanted to integrate Groovy in your Java projects through JSR - 223 / javax.script.* , you had to download a Groovy script engine implementation from java.net , and put the JAR in your classpath .
This additional step was n't very developer friendly , requiring some additional work — the JAR was n't even provided in the Groovy distribution .
Thankfully , 1.6 comes with an implementation of the javax .
script .*
APIs .
Below , you 'll find an example evaluating Groovy expressions ( the code is in Groovy , but it 's straightforward to convert it back to Java ) :
import javax.script.* def manager = new ScriptEngineManager ( ) def engine = manager.getEngineByName( " groovy " ) assert engine.evaluate ( " 2 + 3 " ) == 5
Please note that the javax .
script .*
APIs are available only on Java 6 .
JMX Builder
Originiating as an external Open - Source project hosted on Google Code , JMX Builder has been integrated in Groovy 1.6 , to simplify the life of developers needing to interact or expose JMX services .
JMX Builder features :
Domain Specific Language ( DSL ) for JMX API using Builder pattern
Simplified JMX API 's programmability
Declaratively expose Java / Groovy objects as JMX managed MBeans
Support class - embedded or explicit descriptors
Inherent support for JMX 's event model
Seamlessly create JMX event broadcasters
Attach event listeners as inline closures
Use Groovy 's dynamic nature to easily react to JMX events notifications
Provides a flexible registration policy for MBean
No special interfaces or class path restrictions
Shields developer from complexity of JMX API
Exposes attribute , constructors , operations , parameters , and notifications
Simplifies the creation of connector servers and connector clients
Support for exporting JMX timers
You can find more information on JMX Builder and its very extensive coverage of the JMX system .
Lots of examples will show you how to create a JMX connector server or client , how to easily export POGOs as JMX managed beans , how to listen to JMX events , and much more .
Improved OSGi support
The Groovy jar files are released with correct OSGi metadata , so they can be loaded as a bundle into any OSGi compliant container , such as Eclipse Equinox or Apache Felix .
You can find more information on how to use Groovy and OSGi on the Groovy project website .
This tutorial will explain how to :
Load Groovy as an OSGi service
Write a Groovy OSGi service
Incude the Groovy JAR within a bundle
Plublish a service written in Groovy
Consume a service from Groovy
Troubleshoot in case you 're encountering any problem along the way
You may also be interested in , for instance , how you can use different versions of Groovy in your application , thanks to OSGi .
Summary
Groovy continues its march towards the goal of simplifying the life of developers , providing various new features and improvements in this new release : AST transformations reducing dramatically the number of lines of code to express certain concerns and patterns and opening the language to developers for further extension , several metaprogramming enhancements to streamline your code and let you write more expressive business rules , and support for common enterprise APIs such as Java 6's scripting APIs , JMX management system , or OSGi's programming model .
All of this is done obviously without compromising on the seamless integration with Java , and furthermore , with a level of performance way higher than previous releases .
We 've now reached the end of this article and if you 're not a Groovy user yet , I hope this artcile will give you a better understanding of what Groovy has to offer in your projects , and if you knew and used Groovy already , that you learned about all the new features of the language .
The next step for you , dear reader , is to go download Groovy 1.6 .
And if you wish to dive deeper into Groovy , Grails and Griffon , I also invite you to join us at the GR8 Conference , a conference dedicated to Groovy , Grails and Griffon , taking place in Copenhagen , Denmark , where experts and makers of these technologies will guide you through with practical presentations and hands - on labs .
About the author
As Head of Groovy Development for SpringSource , Guillaume Laforge is the official Groovy Project Manager , and the spec lead of JSR - 241 , the Java Specification Request that standardizes the Groovy dynamic language .
He is also a frequent conference speaker presenting Groovy and Grails at JavaOne , SpringOne , QCon , the Sun TechDays , and JavaPolis / Devoxx .
Guillaume also co-authored Groovy in Action along with Dierk König .
Before founding G2One , the Groovy / Grails company , which was acquired by SpringSource in late 2008 , and taking the role of VP Technology , Guillaume worked for OCTO Technology , a consultancy focusing on architecture and agile methodologies .
While at OCTO , Guillaume developed new offerings around Groovy and Grails for its customers .
CLEVELAND --
They circled this game on their calendar months ago .
On Friday night , the Cleveland Cavaliers checked it off as another win .
Their biggest in a season getting special .
LeBron James scored 38 points , harassed Paul Pierce all over the floor and strengthened his case to be the league 's MVP front - runner as the Cavaliers , playing with a bottled - up intensity reserved for the playoffs , improved to 19 - 0 at home by beating the staggering Boston Celtics 98 - 83 on Friday night .
James scored 23 in the second half .
He added seven rebounds , six assists , four steals , three blocks and made Pierce 's life miserable for 35 minutes .
After the Cavs had built their lead to a comfortable 20 points in the second half , Cleveland fans began chanting " M- V - P ! "
There was no debate this night on who was the best player -- or which was the better team .
" We want to continue to protect our home court and we want to continue to get better .
Tonight I think we got better , " James said .
" We do n't want to take a step back because we got a big picture and a big goal .
You do n't want to waste a game .
We got really better tonight . "
With James leading the way , the Cavaliers handed the Celtics their second - worst loss of the season and dropped them to 2 - 7 since opening a league - record 27 - 2 .
Boston had to resort to fouling Ben Wallace to try to trim Cleveland 's lead in the fourth quarter , but the Hack - A - Ben strategy was hardly effective as Cleveland 's forward , a 44 percent free - throw shooter , made 5 - of - 10 free throws after being fouled on five straight possessions .
When he was taken out , Wallace shot a menacing stare toward Boston coach Doc Rivers , who pulled his starters with the outcome decided in the final minutes .
" We 're good , " Pierce said .
" That 's the God 's honest truth .
Nobody likes losing , but we 're going to stay positive .
That 's our strength as a team . "
Pierce , who came in averaging 19.5 points , was held to 11 on 4 - of - 15 shooting .
Boston 's leading scorer only got into double digits when James turned him over to Wally Szczerbiak in the fourth .
Before that , James would n't let Pierce get out of his sight , chasing up , down and around the 94 - foot court .
James refused to take full credit for stopping Pierce , but he deserved it .
" You can't continue to give him one look because of how good of a player he is , " James said .
" My teammates did a good job of letting me know where they were behind me and helping me out .
I did n't do it by myself .
It was a whole team concept . "
Kevin Garnett had 18 points and 15 rebounds , and Rajon Rondo added 13 assists for the Celtics , who shot only 41 percent from the floor and did n't have their usual swagger .
" We have some money in the bank with the 19 - game winning streak , " Rivers said .
" We 're making a withdrawal we do n't want to make right now , but we 're still 29 - 9 .
This is a tough stretch .
I do n't like it .
But we 're going to right the ship .
When ?
I do n't know . "
Anderson Varejao scored 14 points and Mo Williams 13 for Cleveland , which avenged a season - opening road loss to the Celtics despite playing without injured center Zydrunas Ilgauskas .
The win was vital to the Cavaliers , who lost Game 7 in Boston in last year 's Eastern Conference semifinals and want to secure home - court advantage during the playoffs this season .
The first tiebreaker if the teams end up with the same record is head - to - head matchups .
are specific to , and encompass a broad range of relative topics .
The intricate , time - consuming projects focus on fine - tuning and expanding students ’ drawing competencies .
Curriculum assumes that students have , and are interested in learning more advanced techniques for , from life and / or photos .
Drawing AnnieIn thisa frontal view of a small child , with emphasis on correct facial proportions .
You use both crosshatching and hatching to define textures and forms , and utilize a challenging grid to help you render the accurate proportions of the various parts of her head and face .
Drawing Eye on MelissaIn this project , you draw an eye , with a focus on correctly rendering the structures of the anatomical forms surrounding the orbital cavity .
Drawing ClaireThis article explores the process of modifying a photo , choosing different shading techniques for the various textures , and using graduations to fade the lower section of a head and shoulders portrait from the shading into the nothingness of the paper .
Drawing View of an Adult ArmIn this project you explore the basic shapes of a shoulder , arm , and hand , and then add graduated shading with hatching and crosshatching to illustrate their three dimensional forms .
Skills incorporated into this lesson include : identifying accurate proportions , drawing with contour lines , and adding graduated values with hatching and crosshatching .
Drawing Leg and FootIn this project you explore the basic shapes of a leg and foot and then add graduated shading with hatching and crosshatching to illustrate the three dimensional forms .
Drawing Facial AgingA basic knowledge of the physical aging processes allows you to accurately draw people of various ages .
The age regression and progression techniques , discussed in this heavily illustrated article , can be invaluable for accurately portraying or modifying the ages of portrait subjects
Drawing Female Figure
In this lesson , you draw the three - dimensional forms of a clothed , female figure , by first outlining with detailed lines , and then adding shading with crosshatching .
Meet Claudette , an incredibly creative artist in both visual and literary arts !
She kindly agreed to model for the photo on which this drawing is based .
Drawing ManishaThe three - quarter view of Manisha ’s face in this drawing is much more fascinating that either a frontal or a profile view .
Three types of graduations lend themselves perfectly to the three dominant textures .
Each individual section of her gorgeous curly hair is drawn with a hatching graduation in which curved hatching lines follow its contours .
Crosshatching graduations are ideal for shading the smooth skin tones of her face .
Squirkling graduations enhance the fuzzy texture of her jacket .
Drawing Joel AllanYour goal in this heavily illustrated project is to gain an understanding of how various aspects of contrast and key can enhance composition .
The process includes bringing an artwork from its original concept , through compositional planning , photography , sketching accurate proportions , shading a thumbnail sketch , and rendering a contour drawing , to its finale as a profile portrait in graphite of a young man .
Drawing Fabric of a SleeveDrawing believable fabrics is integral to accurately rendering a clothed figure .
In this project , you draw the folds , creases , puckers , and wrinkles of the fabric of a sleeve so it appears to drape naturally over the forms of an arm .
Big Smile Drawing
The overall impact of a portrait of a smiling subject is only as strong as its weakest part .
Drawing teeth poorly is often the cause of a ruined portrait , even when everything else is rendered perfectly .
For example , drawing bold lines around each tooth is a huge no ?
no !
In this lesson , I show you how to draw a smile with natural looking teeth by using gentle shading to indicate their forms .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Who says diplomacy is always serious business ?
Sometimes it 's a game .
The U.S. State Department says the game is intended to bridge cultures and break down barriers .
The latest U.S. attempt to win hearts and minds in the Middle East and Persian Gulf is a cell phone game called X - Life .
The State Department is spending $ 415,000 for the project , hoping it will help people improve their English skills and learn about the United States .
" It is just one small part of our outreach , " said Tim Receveur of the State Department 's Bureau of International Information Programs .
The free game rolled out last week and is starting slowly , with only 120 players so far .
" We 've had Egypt , Saudi Arabia and Iran as our biggest customers so far , " Receveur said .
" We 're starting to see it pick up . "
Word is spreading through social networking sites such as Facebook and mySpace , and a formal publicity push may come later .
The goal is to have 10,000 people tapping away on X - Life in 12 months , says Ali Reza Manouchehri , CEO of the company that designed the game .
X - Life information and sign - up )
Cell phones are far more available than computers in the region .
Eventually the game may be made available both online and by cell phone .
The State Department says the game was developed to bridge cultures , encourage exchanges and break down barriers .
It also aims to show the United States in a positive light and illustrate U.S. values such as tolerance , freedom and respect of religious differences , says Manouchehri , CEO of MetroStar Systems .
Manouchehri knows firsthand about bridging cultural divides .
He 's an Iranian - American who spent his high school years in Iran , an experience that " definitely helped out with the project , " he said .
People throughout the world can learn about America " through role - playing , puzzles and trivia , " Manouchehri said .
" It 's a way to educate people through new media tools .
The message is engage with us , learn with us , meet new friends . "
The game so far could generate four to five hours of play with two adventures or " modalities . "
Players can take on a role as a student or a musician .
" We are trying to help the users of the game learn English , " said Receveur .
" They are coming to an airport , arriving at a university , and we sprinkle in some U.S. history . "
Manouchehri says the game requires a powerful phone with large memory and only works with Nokia N Series and Sony Ericsson P1i mobile phones .
" It 's definitely a challenge .
I would n't say it was a problem , " he said .
" In two years I 'm going to tell you we have exceeded our goals . "
If the game proves to be popular , Receveur says , the State Department will look to make it available on more types of phones .
Steve Garfield , a Boston video blogger , media adviser and teacher at Boston University , took at look at X - Life and found the game easy to download but somewhat frustrating to play .
He began the game and won points by fixing a man 's broken television .
Then he won a scholarship to go to a university in the United States .
But Garfield hit a snag in the game when he was told he needed a visa to get to the United States .
" So there I am , there is nothing left for me to do .
I can't leave the room .
I can't watch TV .
The guy wo n't say anything else to me , and I 'm not sure how to visit a Web site ( to get the visa ) ... so at this point I would be ' delete , ' go on to something else , " he said .
" I got a free trip to America but I can't get there . "
Manouchehri says Garfield and other gamers may need a bit more patience and says there are forums and moderators to help people navigate around any glitches .
Glitches or not , the game is gaining an audience around the globe , with people signing on from Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Iran , Iraq , South America and Africa .
" It shows people are looking for tools like this , " Manouchehri said .
" It engages people .
People are attracted to it . "
All About U.S. Department of State
Last night , Scott Kellogg from the Rhizome Collective spoke at Charis Books in Little Five Points .
He talked about permaculture and taking back the word sustainability .
[ Creative Commons photo by Chad Hanna ]
Marketers and large corporations have co-opted the word sustainability to sell products .
It ’s come to mean expensive bamboo counter tops and organic cotton bedding .
We need to take back that word to its original meaning .
Sustainability is living within your means .
It ’s closing the waste cycle and finding ways to turn trash into something that ’s usable again .
Last night , Kellogg talked about some ways that Rhizome is accomplishing these things .
Ways that we can , too !
A Post - Petroleum Economy
He used the phrase “ a post - petroleum economy ” a lot .
Our lives depend on petroleum in ways that folks do n’t always think of .
Of course , it ’s used to power our cars , build our roads , and transport our food .
But it ’s even more ingrained in the agricultural process than that .
Petroleum is a key ingredient in fertilizer for the large - scale agriculture that feeds most of the folks in the U.S.
There ’s such an easy way to simultaneously make wonderful fertilizer and help keep some waste out of the landfills : compost those food scraps !
On top of a fantastic DIY way to make your own , petroleum free fertilizer , it keeps all of that organic matter out of our landfills .
When that stuff breaks down in a landfill environment , it creates methane gas , which is far more brutal a greenhouse gas than CO2 .
He just could not say enough good things about composting .
There are a couple of ways you can go about it .
You can have an outdoor bin , where you toss in food scraps and mix them with brown matter ( like dry leaves or mulch ) and let it break down into good , nutritious dirt for your food garden .
Even better , though , and something accessible to home owners and apartment dwellers alike is vermicomposting .
He recommended a particular worm called the red wiggler .
These little fellas will eat up all of your food scraps and turn them into dirt !
You can put their castings onto houseplants or a garden .
Anywhere that you ’d use traditional fertilizers !
Food and Water
Food and water are factors that unite us all .
We all need to eat and drink water to live .
Kellogg suggested that these issues are a great way to jump start community organization .
In the post petroleum economy , we ’re going to need to work together towards things like food and water security .
He had all sorts of tips for intensive food production and rainwater harvesting in cities .
The most interesting food production topic he mentioned was aquaculture .
Water environments produce more calories per acre than most farms !
And it ’s so easy to get your own pond going !
Just round up an old kiddie pool or discarded bathtub , fill that sucker up with water , and drop in some fish and plants .
If you have the right balance of plants and fish , they should help control pests like mosquitoes .
He talked about fish as incredibly efficient converters of protein .
It takes about 2 pounds of feed to produce a pound of fish , versus about ten pounds for a pound of cow .
There are also some wonderful aquatic , edible plants !
I had no idea that you could eat pretty much all of the parts of the cat tail .
He said that the roots of that plant are starchy – sort of like a potato !
He also talked about duck weed , which grows like cray .
Many pond owners consider it a pest , but it ’s a great source of protein .
You can eat it , and you can feed it to your fish , too !
The great part about this system is that the plants feed the fish , the fish waste feeds the plants , and it all provides sources of calories for you in a closed system .
As far as rainwater harvesting , the system he described sounds a lot like the one we ’ve got at my house !
If you ca n’t afford to purchase a barrel , no problem !
Ask around at restaurants for a food grade barrel , saw off the top , and use a bungee cord to cover it with about a four foot square of window screen .
When you need water , just lift off the top and dunk in a bucket .
Ta da !
It ’s All About Scale
Kellogg is a big advocate of doing things yourself , on an individual or small group scale .
Things like biofuels get a bad rap , but it ’s all about scale .
If one person or a small group is growing crops and making the fuel , it can definitely be a good thing .
Journey to Forever has a great tutorial on making biodiesel , if you ’re interested .
He talked about energy independence on small scale , as well .
His examples were things like passive solar and wind power .
The passive solar example that stuck with me was his method for heating shower water .
If you strip all the outer layers off of a regular water heater , you ’re left with a big , black drum .
You leave that drum out in the sun , and the water inside get really , really hot .
Kellogg ’s group took it a step further , though .
They stuck the whole thing into an old refrigerator , covering the top with greenhouse film .
The fridge keeps the heat you collected during the day trapped inside .
He said you can have a hot shower the next morning with heat you collected the previous day !
They just plumbed the heater / fridge system to feed into a shower .
I could really just go on and on about the amazing projects and ideas that he talked about .
If you want to read more about Scott Kellogg and the Rhizome Collective , check out their website !
You can also check out the book he co-authored with Stacy Pettigrew : Toolbox for Sustainable City Living .
If you want to do some research on your own , try Googling “ bioremediation . ”
Trust me , you ’ll be glad you did !
Caroline Petrie became a Christian 10 years ago
An atheist group has backed a decision by a healthcare trust to suspend a nurse who said she would pray for an elderly patient .
Caroline Petrie , a Christian mother of two from Weston - super - Mare , was suspended by North Somerset Primary Care Trust in December .
The 45 - year - old is now awaiting the outcome of a disciplinary hearing .
In a statement the National Secular Society ( NSS ) said it was inappropriate for health workers to " evangelise " .
Keith Porteous - Wood , the executive director of NSS said : " Medical practitioners are , quite rightly , not to be permitted to offer religious services to patients . "
Prayer card
He added : " Their job is to provide medical services , not use their workplace as an opportunity to ' spread the word ' , their word and one which may well not be shared by their patients . "
Mrs Petrie was suspended after visiting an elderly woman in Winscombe , North Somerset , in December .
The woman is thought to have told the trust about incident and Mrs Petrie was challenged .
She said : " I 'm not angry , and I understand if people do n't believe in the way that I do .
" But I am upset because I enjoy this job and it ( prayer ) is a valuable part of the care I give .
" I became a Christian 10 years ago after my mother died .
My faith got stronger and I realised God was doing amazing things in my life . "
She also admitted she had been asked to go on a diversity and equality course after giving a prayer card to an elderly patient in October 2008 .
In a statement the trust said : " Caroline Petrie is a bank nurse .
We have had two separate complaints from a carer and a patient about her actions .
" She has therefore been told we will not be using her until the outcome of our investigation is known . "
For decades , musician and author Peter S. Beagle has been hailed as the finest living American writer of fantasy .
Now Tachyon Publications has released his latest collection of stories , We Never Talk About My Brother .
Advertisement
Beagle is most well known for two classic novels written at the very beginning of his career , neither of which have ever been out of print .
The Last Unicorn is probably his most famous and beloved , but I feel A Fine and Private Place is the better book - a truly timeless classic .
He continues to attract faithful fans with his wit , charm and powerful writing in novels like Tansin , The Innkeeper 's Song , and the collection The Rhinoceros Who Quoted Nietzsche .
Did I mention he also wrote the " Sarek " episode of Star Trek : TNG ?
Yeah , that one .
Reading the recent " Rabbi's Holiday " in Eclipse Two ( Night Shade Books ) I thought , " Wow , the guy 's just getting better ! "
It would stand to reason that any talented author would naturally improve with age like fine wine .
Sadly , this is not always the case ; every reader knows that particular heartbreak .
But Beagle will not disappoint you .
The nineteen - year - old summer camp counselor who wrote A Fine and Private Place has been at his craft for half a century now and the work has really paid off .
Advertisement
" Uncle Chaim and Aunt Rifke and the Angel " is inspired by Beagle 's own New York Jewish childhood touched by a divine presence both quirky and commanding .
The wonderfully drawn family portraits are as warm and satisfying as a big plate of latkes .
A companion piece to the aforementioned " Rabbi's Holiday " , I adore these .
The narrative voice shifts effortlessly on the title track " We Never Talk About My Brother " .
A blue - collar regular Joe has a family secret and a very good reason for keeping it .
Visceral ?
There 's a line on the eighteenth page that felt like a blow to my solar plexus .
After that it just gets intense , like Kingdom Come intense .
" The Tale of Junko and Sayuri " : Reminiscent of both Neil Gaiman 's Dream Hunters from Sandman and Kurosawa 's Throne of Blood , it uses the common folktale motif of the Animal Wife with a nice twist .
Rediscover that uneasy feeling when the person you love turns out to be not who what they seem .
Advertisement
" King Pelles the Sure " wants to give his happy prosperous nation the only thing it has ever lacked , a war .
This quick cappricio keeps a somber counterpoint to create a great anti-war fable .
There is in no way any allegory of any recent historical events .
It should be added to Elementary school curricula everywhere .
Medical science is baffled by " The Last and Only , or Mr. Moscowitz Becomes French " .
With no where else to turn , a middle - aged couple must come to grips with the husband 's complete and inexorable slide into foreignness .
An inventively original farce that is also a deep commentary on identity and loss .
Advertisement
I could n't help but think of Dan Ackroyd while reading " Spook " , especially his role in Ghostbusters and as Leonard Pinth - Garnell on SNL .
It has vengeance from beyond the grave and the Worst Poems to be found in the most foetid , blackest pits of the English Language .
Guess which one is more horrifying .
" The Stickball Witch " returns back to the old neighborhood and that one house all the kids were scared of .
This and the next story are previously unpublished .
To my mind they are the weakest in the book being merely good .
The description of the old lady here is picture - perfect .
Advertisement
" By Moonlight " a haunted man recounts his time in the land of Faery .
Bittersweet and authentic to the period and the classic folklore , this piece is satisfying but not terribly original .
It 's more like an old song everyone in the pub sings along to .
As the first story is told by a young boy it is fitting that the narrator of " Chandail " is an old storyteller .
Lal recounts her relationship with a sea monster with uncanny powers and with her own painful memories .
This is set in the same world as Beagle 's novel The Innkeeper 's Song .
I have not read it but is definitely going on my list .
Advertisement
The first half of the collection are the strongest of the stories but each one is a beautiful song , each with it 's own voice and tone .
Beagle plays the classic themes of love and death , sacrifice and self - discovery like a master .
Never clichéd , he pulls out new riffs and vamps on the expected conventions of modern fantasy , even the ones he helped create in the first place .
With just the right notes he can describe an entire room , the people in it and the mood , all in a few perfect sentences .
Pure poetry .
Beagle is an American bard :
He makes the tough guys weep and all the girls sigh .
We Never Talk About My Brother via Tachyon Books
Grey_Area is known among the unicorns as Christopher Hsiang .
He means you no harm - he 's just here for the books .
I ’ve decided that I no longer enjoy sucking Nintendo ’s cock as much as I once did .
Although this topic of discussion does n’t necessarily have to be limited to specifically Nintendo , I reference it mainly because of its strong association with my childhood and adolescence .
( My cocksucking activities started at such a young age – I know . )
What ’s more disappointing than finally playing Twilight Princess after several delayed delays and not feeling motivated to play any longer ?
Answer : finally playing Brawl after several delayed delays and not feeling motivated to play any longer .
Nintendo , how could you do this to me ?
After all that we ’ve been through .
Perhaps my affairs with the console are a bit past my time .
Perhaps my imagination is n’t as vivacious as it once was .
Perhaps the kid in me is dying .
Is this puberty , mama
My passion for video games stream several grueling images in my head : Evading the angry sun .
Fighting Culex in Monstro Town from Super Mario RPG .
Failing .
Trying again .
Uttering my first curse words during Bramble Blast .
That son - of - a- shit level , Donut Plains 3 .
Getting the motherfucking invincibility cheat in facility .
Unlocking Soda Lake .
Catching that fucking bunny .
Finding the heart piece from that random cow near that waterfall .
Do these sound familiar ?
I could go on .
Unfortunately , when I sum up the video games we now have available at hand , my Metaphorical Boner as a gamer grows limp .
As much as I enjoy first - person shooters , are they all that video game publishers can really come up with ?
No , they can also come up with pressing buttons in accordance to a rhythm .
Wait , is n’t that kind of DDR ?
No , DDR does n’t come with a cool guitar - shaped controller .
And I know that I did n’t mention any new school Nintendo games , but that ’s mostly because I ’ve felt like most ( emphasis on most ) new school Nintendo games simply are n’t .
Worth .
Mentioning .
It pains me to say that , Nintendo .
Am I stuck in the past ?
Is it my ignorance telling me that fancy graphics are a mere supplement to a video game ?
Have I matured into an old hag who constantly bitches about “ the good ol ’ days ” ?
Most likely .
But Nintendo , I hope you ’ll always remember that I would never , ever spit on you , regardless of how hard it is to swallow my pride .
( lol , did you get it ? )
May you rest in peace , my Metaphorical Gamer Boner .
Feburary 2019 : Presenation at FOSDEM 2019 [ 1 ]
July 2018 : Wiki page for Navit on Mio C210 and C310
May 2017 : Navit is on Open Collective , just press the contribute button Opencollective
May 2017 : Wiki page for QA
January 2017 : Wiki cleanup ;)
December 2015 : Navit 0.5.0 is out !
August 2015 : We have released two Release Candidates for 0.5.0 : v0.5.0-rc.1 and v0.5.0-rc.2
July 2015 : We have moved the code to GitHub
December 2013 : Thank you team for 2013 :)
October 2013 : We are now also at the open F - Droid repository for Android
October 2013 : We started a call for participation on translations .
Do you speak chineese , portugese , french , spanish , russian or arabic ?
August 2013 : Fresh wind at N900 Maemo port and a new Dev ( Kamikaaze ! ) for Android [ 2 ]
July 2013 : The Trac is cleaned up and we working on a roadmap : Release000501
June 2013 : We now update our services , in a first step , we have a new Forum
March 2013 : Image of the week at OSM was NAVIT at OpenPandora
Winners of big cash prizes get no discernible health boost as a result – even long - term financial security is n’t a cert , say economists ( Image : Frederic Sierakowski / Rex Features )
Ever daydreamed about winning the lottery ?
You probably imagined a life of financial comfort and good health .
But research suggests that such fantasies are often just that .
Real lottery winners are not guaranteed either better health or even long - term financial security , say the economists behind two new studies .
And amongst UK lottery winners , the problem seems to originate in the pub .
Andrew Clark and Bénédicte Apouey of the Paris School of Economics analysed the British Household Panel Survey , which includes data on around 8000 people who won the lottery between 1994 and 2005 .
Advertisement
They found that those who won more money received a bigger boost to their mental well - being , but overall health did not improve .
That may be because winners smoked and drank more after receiving their prize .
“ Lottery wins might not be good for your physical health , ” says Clark , who is preparing his findings for publication .
“ You party too much . ”
Cash cow
If a win does not help physical health , it might at least be expected to ensure financial well - being .
But a study of the Florida lottery suggests this is not always the case .
Scott Hankins of the University of Kentucky , Lexington , and colleagues compared ( pdf format ) big winners – prizes in the range $ 50,000 to $ 150,000 – with those who won less than $ 10,000 .
Bankruptcy rates amongst the big winners were 50 % lower than average in the two years after the prize .
After that , however , rates jumped up .
Averaged over the five years following the prize , roughly 5 % of winners in both groups went bankrupt .
It is notable that the prizes were usually greater than the debts that eventually sunk the winners , says Hankins .
The average prize was $ 65,000 – over $ 10,000 more than the average amount owed by the winners who went bankrupt .
Some economists have used similar results to argue against using one - off payments such as tax rebates to improve people ’s well - being .
But , of course , many lottery winners do become rich , even if , for some , it ’s only temporary .
James Hanley , an epidemiologist at McGill University in Montreal , Canada , notes that the lives of the rich are unusual and so might not tell us much about the rest of us .
He suggests looking for natural experiments in which ordinary people were gradually given more money – previous examples of which have linked income boosts to improved health .
Journal reference : Journal of the American Medical Association ( vol 290 , p2023 )
Sol :: Tutorials
Interpolation Tricks
or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the 0..1 Range
Contents
1. Why 0..1 Range
While making demos I 've found different interpolation tricks to be extremely valuable .
Adding little smoothness to all kinds of movement , be it actual movement of the camera , some object , fading of lights , fading in and out etc , makes things much more enjoyable to watch .
Sharp movements and changes are jarring and should be avoided . ( *1 )
Generally speaking , when making some kind of animation , we know the starting and ending positions , and want to transition between these .
All of these can be converted to interpolation from 0 to 1 .
Values between 0 and 1 have some rather interesting properties , including the fact that you can multiply any value between 0 and 1 with another value between 0 and 1 , and the result is guaranteed to be between 0 and 1 . ( * 2 )
These properties can be used to tweak the way we move from 0 to 1 in various ways .
2. Getting to the 0..1 Range
for ( i = 0 ; i < N ; i++ ) { X = ( ( A * i ) + ( B * ( N - i ) ) ) / N ; }
Let 's say we want to move the variable X between points A and B in N steps .
This could be expressed by , for example :
Or , put another way , this becomes :
for ( i = 0 ; i < N ; i++ ) { v = i / N ; X = ( A * v ) + ( B * ( 1 - v ) ) ; }
where v ranges from 0 to 1 . ( * 3 )
3. Linear Interpolation
Moving from 0 to 1 in N discrete steps is called linear interpolation , or " lerp " , for short :
Relying on linear interpolation alone solves the basic problem of getting from point A to point B , but continuing the motion from there , thus moving from one interpolation to the next ( or from motion to full stop ) may seem jarring .
Luckily , there 's more than one way from A to B ( actually infinite ways , but we 'll concentrate on just a few ) .
4. Smoothstep
If there 's nothing else you take away from this little tutorial , it 's this :
# define SMOOTHSTEP(x ) ( ( x ) * ( x ) * ( 3 - 2 * ( x ) ) )
The smoothstep ( * 4 ) is the magic salt you can sprinkle over everything to make them better .
You can replace most , if not all , of your linear interpolations with smoothstepped version of the same .
It , simply put , rules :
for ( i = 0 ; i < N ; i++ ) { v = i / N ; v = SMOOTHSTEP(v ) ; X = ( A * v ) + ( B * ( 1 - v ) ) ; }
There 's also " smootherstep " which may be an overkill .. or not .
# define SMOOTHERSTEP(x ) ( ( x ) * ( x ) * ( x ) * ( ( x ) * ( ( x ) * 6 - 15 ) + 10 ) )
Smoothstep looks like this :
It takes a while to get up to speed , but also slows down before reaching the end .
5. Higher Powers
There are , however , times when you just want to have slow acceleration .
This is where simple powers come into play :
for ( i = 0 ; i < N ; i++ ) { v = i / N ; v = v * v ; X = ( A * v ) + ( B * ( 1 - v ) ) ; }
If you 'd rather have some decelleration action , the above is easy to inverse :
for ( i = 0 ; i < N ; i++ ) { v = i / N ; v = 1 - ( 1 - v ) * ( 1 - v ) ; X = ( A * v ) + ( B * ( 1 - v ) ) ; }
These look like this :
You can naturally rise the power .
Cubed , the curves look like this :
The same idea can also be applied to smoothstep .
Applying smoothstep to already smoothstepped value rounds the curve even further ; the result is not as easily applied to everything , as you 'll be standing still at the corners , but it can be useful sometimes :
6. Sin
Another handy curve is sin ( ) .
Sin ( ) can be applied just like a power , and the result is also similar .
for ( i = 0 ; i < N ; i++ ) { v = i / N ; v = sin(v * Pi / 2 ) ; X = ( A * v ) + ( B * ( 1 - v ) ) ; }
This curve can also be inverted just like the higher powers .
The results look like this :
If we use the whole curve , we get pretty close to smoothstep :
for ( i = 0 ; i < N ; i++ ) { v = i / N ; v = 0.5 - cos(-v * Pi ) * 0.5 ; X = ( A * v ) + ( B * ( 1 - v ) ) ; }
This is , however , usually more expensive than using smoothstep .
7. Weighted Average
One rather handy algorithm , especially when you do n't necessarily know how the target will behave in the future ( such as a camera tracking the player 's character ) , is to apply weighted average to the value . ( * 5 )
v = (( v * ( N - 1 ) ) + w ) / N ;
where v is the current value , w is the value towards which we want to move , and N is the slowdown factor .
The higher N , the slower v approaches w .
The closer v gets to w , the slower it moves ; the further away they are , the faster v changes .
In ideal world , v will never actually reach w , as the steps towards the goal get smaller and smaller .
Then again , computers are n't ideal .
8. Splines
Finally , if you need more control , you can always use splines .
Catmull - Rom spline is handy in the way that it always goes through the control points , and as such it can be easily applied to these interpolators .
Other spline functions may give more natural curves , but are also less predictable .
Here 's an implementation of the Catmull - Rom interpolation function :
float catmullrom ( float t , float p0 , float p1 , float p2 , float p3 ) { return 0.5 f * ( ( 2 * p1 ) + ( - p0 + p2 ) * t + ( 2 * p0 - 5 * p1 + 4 * p2 - p3 ) * t * t + ( - p0 + 3 * p1 - 3 * p2 + p3 ) * t * t * t ) ; } for ( i = 0 ; i < N ; i++ ) { v = i / N ; v = catmullrom( v , Q , 0 , 1 , T ) ; X = ( A * v ) + ( B * ( 1 - v ) ) ; }
In normal use , you 'd have plenty of control points , and while interpolating between points 5 and 6 , you 'd feed the points 4 and 7 as the Q and T ( or p0 and p3 ) parameters .
Anyway , here we 're using the function just to get different interpolations between 0 and 1 , so the parameters are ( Q , 0 , 1 , T ) .
Here 's a plot for some values :
The parameter values in the plot are the Q and T ( or p0 and p3 ) values .
Note that while the values do cross the 0 and 1 points , they do not necessarily stay between 0 and 1 !
9. Conclusion
I hope the techniques outlined in this short tutorial help shave the sharpest corners off your movements .
As always , comments are appreciated .
Further reading :
Footnotes :
Mr Koorlander said he hoped to have film and photos available to buy within the next few weeks .
All proceeds would go towards extending the project for the recovery of the 80 or so reels of film still to be acquired .
For a while , the U.S. military worked and worked to develop a sticky foam that could stop rioters in their tracks .
The goop never quite panned out ( despite some rather hilarious pictures , like this one to the right ) .
But that is n't stopping the Army from trying again .
This time , it 's hostile vehicles , not angry individuals , who are going to get slimed .
There was some initial excitement over sticky foam during the Marine deployment to Somalia in 1995 ; troops used it to help cover a retreat .
But there were problems with the weapon , too .
For example , " people could move their feet faster than the sticky foam could be applied , " according to one account .
" Although ... if you hit a person 's thighs his legs sometimes stuck together . "
Not surprisingly , interest in the anti-personnel foam faded pretty quickly from there .
Perhaps encasing a car or truck in goop will prove less problematic , however .
The Army recently awarded a small business contract to Adherent Technologies of Albuquerque , New Mexico , to develop the " foam - based vehicle arresting system , " which could stop a car or a truck before it gets close enough to do real damage .
According to the contract description , the system would consist of " low - profile containers , each containing enough foam base to generate several cubic meters of high - strength foam . "
In theory , the foam would " instantly disable " the oncoming vehicle by clogging up the engine intakes and blocking the steering mechanism .
The foam would absorb the vehicle 's kinetic energy , bringing it to a stop .
" Lastly , " the company says , it " will leave the driver trapped inside an encapsulated vehicle , with no means of orientation . "
The system could be tripped automatically ( through pressure sensors or light barriers ) or by remote control .
It 's one of a bunch of new technologies being floated for stopping a runaway ( or suicide ) truck .
Sliming an enemy vehicle is an idea that 's been around for a while .
In 1993 , one Moishe Garflinkle of Philadelphia patented a method of stopping armored vehicles " with a rigid polymeric foam within which is dispersed metallic flakes . "
Maybe this time , the idea will , er , um , stick around .
– Noah Shachtman and Nathan Hodge
*[ Photo : ( c ) Corbis , used with permision ] ***
Sen .
Roland Burris is rapidly losing any political support he once had among colleagues , with Democrats from the statehouse to the White House raising questions about his entanglements with ousted Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich .
Dems abandon Burris
Sen .
Roland Burris is rapidly losing any political support he once had among colleagues , with Democrats from the statehouse to the White House raising questions about his entanglements with ousted Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich .
In a statement issued Wednesday evening , Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin ( D - Ill . ) said that " the accuracy and completeness of his testimony and affidavits have been called into serious question . "
Advertisement
Durbin , who earlier in the day told the Chicago Tribune that " at this point , his future in the Senate seat is in question , " said in the statement that " Every day there are more and more revelations about contacts with Blagojevich advisors , efforts at fundraising and omissions from his list of lobbying clients .
This was not the full disclosure under oath that we asked for . "
Burris is now hunkering down in damage control mode , saying in a feisty Chicago speech today he has “ nothing to hide ” and that he has no intention of resigning , despite calls from several Illinois legislators and at least two Democratic members of the Illinois congressional delegation for him to quit .
Burris has canceled his public schedule for the rest of the week .
In the past few days , Burris has revealed much more extensive contacts with Blagojevich associates than he previously admitted , and he also revealed he had been asked to raise money for the impeached governor .
The pressure on Burris is literally increasing by the hour , with the latest damaging comments straight from Air Force One , where Robert Gibbs , President Obama ’s spokesman said “ the people of Illinois deserve to know based on some of the things that have happened over the past few days , deserve to know the full extent of any involvement ” by Burris in raising money for Blagojevich , according to a White House pool report .
Asked if Burris should resign , Gibbs said : “ I 'm not going to get ahead of investigations and say anything like that yet . ”
But Gibbs did point out that the Senate agreed to seat Burris “ based in some way on the representations that he made ” to the U.S. Senate and the Illinois legislature .
Burris has received virtually no words of support from U.S. Senate leadership .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) has backed a Senate Ethics Committee inquiry , and Durbin ( D - Ill. ) , Burris ’ home state colleague , also told the Chicago Tribune Wednesday that he ’s “ troubled by the fact that his testimony was not complete and it was unsatisfactory .
It was n’t the full disclosure under oath that we were asking for . ”
Even some of Burris ' most vocal supporters have been mum .
Rep. Bobby Rush , who famously accused Democrats of being racist for refusing to seat Burris right away , has merely said he 's monitoring the situation and is still friends with the senator .
Rep. Phil Hare ( D - Ill. ) , meanwhile , joined a chorus of Illinois politicians saying Burris has to go .
“ It is in the best interest of all Illinoisans that Sen. Burris resigns , ” Hare said .
“ Our state and its citizens deserve the whole truth , not bits and pieces only when it is convenient . ”
Also Wednesday afternoon , the Springfield , Ill. , Journal Register , reported that Burris has failed to disclose all his lobbying work for horse racing clients to state lawmakers .
On its Web site , the Journal Register writes that “ In eight cases , clients that Burris or his firm represented , according to government databases , do n’t appear on the list received by lawmakers . ”
Burris ’ problems began Saturday when it was revealed that he had submitted a Feb.
5 affidavit disclosing six contacts he had made with Blagojevich ’s associates , including with the former governor ’s brother , Rob .
The governor ’s brother , according to the affidavit , solicited funds from Burris when he expressed interest in the Senate seat .
In Jan. 8 testimony before a state committee investigating the governor , Burris told legislators he had spoken with only one contact — and failed to mention his three conversations with Blagojevich ’s brother .
In a voluntary affidavit submitted Jan. 5 , Burris failed to disclose any contacts he made with the governor ’s other associates .
One Illinois state legislator who sat on the Blagojevich impeachment committee believes Burris misled the panel when he failed to disclose numerous contacts with Blagojevich associates regarding the open Senate seat .
“ From the very moment he was appointed by Blagojevich , there has been a cloud surrounding Roland Burris and the U.S. Senate seat and he should end the charade now by resigning , ” said Rep. Jack Franks , a Democratic state legislator .
" I sat on the Committee that investigated both the impeachment and the Senate appointment process and I heard Burris ' testimony very clearly .
He was not being honest with us then and there is no indication that he is being honest with us now . ”
Rep. Jan Schakowsky ( D - Ill. ) , a potential Democratic candidate for that Burris Senate seat , is calling on Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn to quickly set up a special election to replace Burris .
“ At the time , I made it very clear that Senator Burris should not have accepted the appointment from former Governor Rod Blagojevich , ” Schakowsky said Wednesday .
“ The Illinois State Legislature and Governor Quinn could put this all to rest by calling for a special election to allow the people of Illinois to decide who will serve out the 22 remaining months in President Obama 's unexpired Senate term .
Under the 17th Amendment , the Governor has a right to end the temporary term at any time and call for a special election .
Whether or not Senator Burris resigns , the best way to put credibility back into the process is through a special election . ”
As part of his PR offensive , Burris is planning to release detailed information about his conversations with Blagojevich , his discussions about raising money for the impeached governor and inconsistencies in recent testimony about the scandal - tainted Senate seat .
Burris is planning to release timelines to the media , Illinois investigators and the Senate Ethics Committee , which has launched a preliminary inquiry into whether Burris committed perjury .
On Wednesday afternoon , Burris spoke to the City Club of Chicago , saying he ’d “ done nothing wrong , and I have nothing to hide . "
" If I 've done the things I 've been accused of , I would be too embarrassed to stand up here because you are all my friends , " Burris said .
John Bresnahan and Daniel Libit contributed to this story .
This article tagged under : 2010
Politics
It is a time of strange bedfellows and bizarre contortions and extraordinary responses to extreme situations , all overslathered with gobs of panic and dread and oh my God , I might have to sell the Range Rover .
In other words , it is a time -- like you do n't already know -- of plentiful alarmist rhetoric , resulting in weird outbursts of ingenuity and wanton ethics - loosening , all in a desperate effort to suck up some much - needed cash .
Translation : Money 's tight , baby .
City 's in trouble .
State 's deep in the hole .
Nation 's broke .
Solution ?
Upend the system .
Think differently .
Get creative .
Demolish Ye Olde Ways .
And maybe get a really nice buzz on while you 're at it .
Where to begin ?
How can the city / state refill their empty coffers and further gouge the populace to make ends meet ?
Increased bridge tolls ?
A new per -mile driving tax ?
Heavier parking fines ?
State parks abandoned and left to seed ?
Child 's play , darling .
You want to raise funds in an instant ?
You want a sure - fire , double - barreled source of nearly limitless funds from a wary , burned - out citizenry ?
That 's easy .
Go after its biggest vices , its most beloved balms .
Up first : booze .
Already local governments are quietly proposing jacking up the alcohol tax and loosening sales restrictions because , well , why the hell not ?
Are n't you , right this very moment , as you prepare your taxes and weep over your gutted portfolio and stare down one very bleak 2009 , more in need of a drink or three than at any time in recent history except for the entirety of the last eight miserable , Bush - stabbed years ?
Well , there you go .
Tax increases on cocktails , here they come .
But it 's not just governments .
Check out the happily shameless TV networks who , for the first time in a whocares number of years , are allowing ads for alcohol and K - Y lube during prime - time programming .
Oh the outrage !
Oh the debauchery !
Who , pray who , will protect the children ?
Oh wait , the children are out buying daddy some more beer and applying for a job at Starbucks to help pay rent .
Never mind .
New taxes on the other Great American vices : porn , gambling , prescription meds , pro sports , obesity , Miley Cyrus ?
Watch for it .
Now , let 's get serious .
Because there are , of course , bigger fish to fry in the sea of potentially lucrative , all - American inebriates .
There is a far more potent , obvious solution to the state 's budget woes , a huge , untapped revenue source , and now might be the perfect time to , you know , light it up .
Really now , could there be a better time to decriminalize / fully legalize pot ?
Or , more fully , to decriminalize pot , and then spread respectable pot shops and vending machines and dispensaries far and wide , instill quality control and decent oversight and then tax the living hell out of the glorious , stress - reducing goodness , as we stop wasting billions fighting its grand ubiquity and instead sink into profitable pools of warm , hazy progress ?
Do n't you already know the answer ?
It 's difficult to imagine that some intrepid legislator has n't already walked into Arnie " Pot is not a drug " Schwarzenegger 's office and said , " Governator , now is the time .
Light it up .
Inhale the new reality .
Pot is , by a huge margin , the single largest cash crop in the state unless you count porn stars and celebrity rehab .
It rakes in upwards of $ 14 billion a year -- maybe a lot more than that -- and that 's just from five clever hippies and a couple intrepid grandmas in Ukiah .
Imagine what we could do if we went all - in . "
Are the discussions ongoing ?
Are they passing the bong of possibility around the state Senate chambers ?
You 're damn right they are .
What 's holding them back ?
Probably the usual : the negative PR , looking " soft " on crime , encouraging permissiveness , pressure from prison lobbies , and so on .
Do n't worry , Sacramento .
Everyone 's already plenty drunk / high on prescription meds trying to alleviate fears of losing their job to care about that nonsense right now .
Get to it .
There wo n't be much pushback from D.C. President Obama 's already stated that his upcoming appointee to head the DEA is going to knock it the hell off with the insidious raids of harmless medical pot shops in California , and wants to quit using federal resources to bash hippies and circumvent state laws .
Look .
Is there really anyone left who does n't already know the " War on Drugs " is a pathetic joke , an abject failure and a taxpayer nightmare , and the only reason it survives at all is to fund the CIA and fellate the prison guard unions and support a shameful prison system , and to let politicians say they 're " tough on crime " so they can to deflect all those uninformed parents who relentlessly whine about pot in public schools just before dashing off a wine - tasting party to snort a nice line of Bolivian coke ?
Anyone left , furthermore , who does n't know that pot is far safer than booze , less addictive , nonviolent , more transportable , easier to light , and generally wo n't interfere with your ability to crawl across the carpet and lick cookie crumbs from your lover 's thighs ?
And sure , while heavy , daily usage can make you slow and stupid and rather useless to the world , well , so can a six - pack of Diet Dr. Pepper and six hours of TV every day .
Gateway drug ?
That 's on Channel 2 , right after " Oprah . "
And another thing .
Maybe it would n't be merely tax ' n ' puff .
Maybe California , already the pot - growing capital of the nation , could become something more .
A hub .
A world - class research center .
Pot education , study , medicine , import / export , the works .
We could ship our crop to various nations in desperate need of chilling the hell out , like Israel .
Palestine .
Pakistan .
Russia .
The N - Judah on a Friday afternoon .
We could become the largest research and manufacturing center in the world .
How proud we would be .
You know , sort of .
Let 's phrase this grand scenario in another way :
Why the hell not try it ?
What have we got to lose ?
What , we could go more broke ?
We could get more desperate and anxious ?
Fact is , economic nightmares need not breed only miserable stories of lost homes and lost jobs and shuttered businesses .
They can also spawn creative solutions , innovative thinking , widespread munchies .
Now is the time .
Let 's not get carried away .
Pot 's only one little inebriate , one mild and -- let 's just admit it -- relatively boring feel - good plant .
California is $ 40 billion in debt and we 're running low on water and we can't give away those hideous tract developments out in Stockton .
Milking the pot cow for all she 's worth might net us , at best , a few billion a year .
To get out of this massive hole , we'd have to legalize Ecstasy too .
( Someday , honey , someday ) .
But it 's something .
It 's radical new thinking that 's not the slightest bit radical , or new , and in fact the notion is now even more obvious than it 's been for the past 30 years .
What are we waiting for ?
A match ?
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
Now this is the perfect combination : Depche Mode and Tron .
This delightful little mash - up shames the rest of the sad Youtubers .
Well done , internet .
Advertisement
Most fan - made mashups are infinitely forgettable .
The internet is full of pitiful tributes to Buffy and Spike , with a terrible pop song poured across minutes of sad looks and " knowing glances . "
But then someone pairs up Depeche Mode 's " Suffer Well " with Tron footage , in such a lovely manner that it's hard not to wish that this was indeed the music video from my favorite new - wave neon gods .
And suddenly , all 's right with the world .
Advertisement
Via Bre Pettis .
Captain Jack himself , John Barrowman , is writing a Torchwood comic , and we 've got some exclusive preview images , plus a few words from the Captain himself .
Appearing in issue # 14 of the bimonthly ( no salacious pun intended ) Torchwood Magazine , the comic " The Tale Of The Selkie " is co-written by Barrowman and his sister Carole .
Jack visits a remote Scottish island where people are disappearing one by one .
And to his horror , he realizes he may know who - or what - is responsible .
The publisher sent us a mini-interview between Carole and John , and it 's quite touching , especially the part where John talks about watching Doctor Who on the Chicago PBS station late at night as a kid :
CB : Ready to chat about our Torchwood Magazine comic ?
JB : Wait .
Should n't we have some sound effects if we 're making this read like a scene from ‘ 24 ' ?
CB : Do you even know how to write sound effects ?
You 're the worst speller .
JB : I blame the doctor for that because when I was a kid I 'd stay up late on Sunday nights when the classic DOCTOR WHO was on WTTW in Chicago so I 'd never study for my Monday morning spelling tests .
Add the sound effects later .
CB : Do you remember when we first got the idea to collaborate on a Captain Jack story ?
JB : The summer when we were working together on Anything Goes .
We were on location for Torchwood in a warehouse in Cardiff .
I was filming the " Meat " episode .
CB : Was n't that the same shoot where the pigeon pooped on Jack 's shoulder ?
Now that was hilarious .
JB : That was good luck . . . the shoot was taking forever .
Lots of green screen shots .
I think I started making up ways that Jack could end the scene and we could all get home .
Now that I think about it , we came up with some funny stuff . . .
I still think we should do something someday with the idea of Jack and the–
CB : Shush !! . . .
Can we tease shamelessly like that ?
JB [ laughing ]
I think we just did .
Anyway , I remember the endings we made up got more ridiculous the longer we all sat in that cold damp warehouse . . . you and I kept playing on the way home in the car .
CB : I 'd forgotten about that . . . do you remember what we called the game ?
JB : " What Would Jack Do ? " . . . but the actual comic did n't really take shape until Comic Con last summer in San Diego when we met Tommy Lee Edwards and Trevor Goring .
CB : It was the ‘ Face of Boe ' poster that did it .
JB : The poster they created of Jack superimposed on the ‘ Face of Boe ' still amazes me when I look at it .
I framed it as soon as I got back to London .
It 's on the wall in my office and I think it 's the best illustrated characterization of Jack that I 've come across . . . until our comic is released that is .
Nine Inch Nails are probably one of the most important music groups in the world , currently , simply because they 're paving a new way of treating their fans and understanding how the internet works and how it can be used to your advantage .
After giving away ( or selling at really cheap prices ) several of their latest albums , they 've continued to surprise fans with freebies .
In a blog post on the official band web site , band leader Trent Reznor says that someone " somehow managed to film a substantial amount ( over 400 GB ! ) of raw , unedited HD footage from three separate complete shows of our Lights in the Sky tour , " and provides a link to the footage .
Many other bands * cough * Metallica * cough * would be angry at quality footage of their shows being leaked on the internet for free , but the Nine Inch Nails have simply embraced this as yet another possibility to give something extra to their loyal fanbase .
Of course , there 's always the possibility that the NIN actually filmed and released the footage themselves , but it 's irrelevant ; what 's important is the fact that this band understands that they provide a wealth of fun and happiness to their listeners and that most of it should be freely shared , not divided into little pieces , hidden , and sold for the highest possible price .
Programming Clojure Beta 7 is now available .
What 's new :
The book now has a foreword , kindly provided by Rich Hickey .
The index - of - any example has been completely rewritten .
The new version does a much better job of showing off functional style .
example has been completely rewritten .
The new version does a much better job of showing off functional style .
A new section in the FP Chapter : " Persistent Data Structures " explains structural sharing .
Two new sections in the Concurrency Chapter : " How STM Works : MVCC " explains MVCC , and sets the stage for commute .
" The Unified Update Model " makes explicit the common update model shared by refs , agents , and atoms .
. " The Unified Update Model " makes explicit the common update model shared by refs , agents , and atoms .
Better example implementation of blank ? .
. Hundreds of smaller changes based on reviewer feedback and reader suggestions .
What 's coming :
The book is basically done , and is off for indexing , copyediting , etc .
However , I will update any parts of the book affected by the new fully lazy sequences , once the dust has settled .
To make sure you have the latest , greatest version of the sample code from the book , go and grab the github repo .
Thanks again to everyone who has been offering feedback .
Keep the feedback coming !
Wicket and GWT compared with code
September 4 , 2008
I have been using Wicket for a while now and I ’ve occasionally wondered if GWT provides any kind of advantage over Wicket .
Recently I got a chance to do a comparison and instead of coding a simple “ Hello World ” kind of example , I decided to try something a little more complex .
Hopefully this brings out the differences between Wicket and GWT more clearly .
Functionality
The target functionality is a one - page application that shows data in a single table .
Item counts are displayed categorized under multiple “ spaces ” ( workspaces ) .
There is a summary row .
The user can click on a space to expand the count of items grouped by status .
The screenshots below show how the table looks when fully collapsed and then when one or more spaces are expanded .
It may look simple , but some of the tricky parts are :
The number and names of the possible status types can be different for different spaces .
For example , the first space above has 3 status types and the second 2 .
This means that we ca n’t use different columns to group this data .
Multiple rows are used instead to display the break - up when expanded .
Some of the table cells have to be merged to represent the grouping by space and then by status .
In HTML terms , this requires some careful control of TD “ colspan ” and “ rowspan ” attributes .
In addition to the cell merging described above , the style / color of the different cells has to be controlled to differentiate the total count from that grouped by status .
For example , the grand total on the last row is in bold .
In HTML terms , this requires control over the CSS “ class ” attribute , coordinated with a style - sheet .
First , let us look at the Java code common to the GWT and Wicket implementations .
The “ Space ” Domain Object
The class above represents a “ space ” and it internally uses a Map to hold status names and corresponding counts .
There is a method that calculates the total count , a getter for the space name and list of states , and helper methods to add and get status data .
DashrService.java
As the functionality is kind of a ‘ dashboard ’ view – and inspired by the “ Cheesr ” example that the Wicket In Action book uses , I decided to call this application “ Dashr ” .
“ DashrService. java ” is a singleton that returns a list of spaces with dummy data .
The relevant code is shown below :
So on to the comparison then .
In the side - by - side layouts below , GWT is on the left and Wicket is on the right .
Project Structure
Although it is not really a domain class , “ DashrService. java ” has been kept in the “ domain ” package along with “ Space. java ” to keep things simple .
On the GWT side , the recommended package structure and naming conventions ( “ client ” , “ public ” , etc. ) are being used .
Our example is a pure client - side application and server - side communication or RPC is not being used at all .
All the client - side code and behavior is in “ DashrEntryPoint. java ” itself .
“ Dashr.html ” simply serves as a placeholder for the rendered application .
It may first appear that Wicket requires more files than GWT but one difference is that the GWT code is not communicating with any server - side functionality at all .
Wicket would feel more natural to Java web - app developers familiar with web.xml and the like , and integrating additional server side code or frameworks such as Spring or Hibernate would be much more straightforward .
Another thing is that the Wicket application has been modularized into multiple Java components and corresponding HTML files .
It was not really possible to do something similar for the GWT application which has all the UI code in a single file .
The reasons for this difference will become clear when we look at the code in detail .
Framework Configuration
GWT needs to be told where to find the Java classes that have to be converted into JavaScript .
If this path is not explicitly set using an XML element called “ source ” it defaults to “ client ” – which is the GWT recommended convention .
Our main module config file “ Dashr.gwt.xml ” does not have the source path declared .
So this means that all the Java code in the directory “ dashr / gwt / client ” ( and any sub - directories ) will be processed by the GWT Java to JavaScript compiler .
Since “ Space.java ” and “ DashrService. java ” are dependencies for our GWT based UI code , we need to ensure that they are included in the Java to JavaScript conversion as well .
So in addition to the “ User ” core framework module that all GWT apps must inherit , we have a reference to a custom module – “ dashr.domain.DashrDomain ” .
“ DashrDomain.gwt.xml ” declares the source path to be an empty string which in relative - path terms works out to be the same folder the XML file is in – and this is how the “ dashr / domain ” directory is included for our example .
Those who intend to use GWT to connect to server - side Java code would need to do something like this – i.e. include all dependencies needed by UI code , typically domain objects that happen to already exist – like in our example .
The UI class that acts as the “ entry point ” has to be configured for a GWT application .
In our example we have only one UI class and this itself will be the entry point .
One more thing the main GWT config does is declare “ Dashr.css ” as the CSS file for our application .
A GWT convention - over - configuration rule applies here as well which is that resources like CSS files and images are looked for in the “ public ” folder relative to the XML file by default .
For Wicket , there is no XML configuration but an “ application ” class that can hold configuration in Java code .
The web.xml file is not really Wicket configuration but it is shown above for completeness and it names the Wicket “ application ” class used by the framework servlet / filter .
In our example , “ DashrApplication . java ” is just pointing to the designated “ home page ” .
Our home page is “ DashrPage. java ” for which the HTML markup is in “ DashrPage.html ” .
The Wicket “ home page ” can be considered equivalent to the GWT “ entry point ” .
UI Implementation
Because of the differences between GWT and Wicket – the code below does not really line up side by side .
To make it easier to see how the code compares – some key sections from the GWT side have been mapped to the Wicket side using blue arrows .
I have not mapped every possible thing because then the picture would be out of control !
You can click on the picture to view a bigger version
Observations :
Wicket gives you complete control over the HTML .
To render a table we use a “ ListView ” repeater control [ DashrPage.java:18 ] which manipulates a < TR > section .
In the case of GWT however , we have to use an abstraction over an HTML table either HTMLTable or FlexTable .
Since we require control over the table “ colspan ” and “ rowspan ” attributes , we have to use the GWT “ FlexTable ” as the basic “ HTMLTable ” does not support this .
What I experienced is that having to use the GWT API to output HTML limits you in certain ways , for example on the Wicket side I was able to freely include < TH > cells with < TD > cells but within the GWT table I could not mix < TH > cells .
This may explain why the GWT “ Dashr.css ” file has an extra CSS class called “ header ” defined to compensate .
Using Wicket ’s built - in Ajax support , getting the expand / collapse functionality to work was very easy .
It was a simple matter of replacing one ( or more ) rows of the HTML table over Ajax [ RowCollapsedPanel.java:19 , RowExpandedPanel:29 ] .
Trying to do the same thing using GWT turned out to be quite a puzzle - solving exercise .
To dynamically add or remove rows on a GWT table you have to know the row index and in our case the number of rows in the table changes dynamically .
I ended up using a HashMap [ DashrEntryPoint.java : 21 ] to track the table row for each Space .
This explains the mysterious code you see at lines 98 and 124 in DashrEntryPoint .
java to update the Map when the table is changed .
To dynamically set the contents of a table cell in GWT , you have to explicitly get a reference to the cell using the row - index and column - index .
But in Wicket it is very easy to add or replace text as long as you know the wicket : id of the HTML element and it works fine for < TD > as well .
One of the biggest problems I found with GWT is the poor separation of concerns .
You can see a lot of code in DashrEntryPoint .
java doing CSS styling on the HTML table and cells , for e.g. the calls to getRowFormatter ( ) and getCellFormatter ( ) .
GWT does allow you to use a standard CSS file but you have to programmatically set the styles on your widgets in Java code .
You can see for example how lines 42 - 43 in DashrEntryPoint .
java map cleanly to markup and code on the Wicket side .
The Wicket implementation does not have any CSS mixed in the Java code at all – it is all in the HTML where it belongs , and where web - designers can work freely .
Most GWT widgets make use of pre-defined CSS names so this may not be a big problem for simple applications , but the web - designer would still need to know which CSS class names to use .
This example only has a single widget on one page , but when you place multiple widgets on a screen , you have to think in terms of layout managers just like Swing .
I have not gone into what GWT provides in detail but it looks suspiciously like the days of struggling with GridBagLayout :)
I prefer the much simpler and effective Wicket approach of managing layout using standard HTML and I personally feel that web - designers need to be able to work directly with the HTML ( and CSS ) and have better control over things like cross - browser rendering quirks .
On the GWT side Dashr.html is just a placeholder for all the JavaScript stuff that will happen at run-time .
So when testing or debugging , if you do “ view source ” you see nothing , just the skeletal Dashr.html !
This was a real pain when I was trying to tweak things like the CSS styling by trial and error .
Especially when you are using hosted mode you can say goodbye to things like the web developer FireFox extension .
When it comes to Wicket , you are dealing with a “ normal ” web - app and being able to look at the rendered HTML or DOM at any time is something you take for granted .
One of Wicket ’s strong points is that you can take chunks of HTML and model them as reusable panels .
This makes the code modular and easier to read and it is obvious what the intent of “ RowCollapsed Panel ” and “ RowExpandedPanel ” is .
Maybe with some more thinking and effort on the GWT side I could have had the inner classes ExpandClickListener and CollapseClickListener in separate files .
But the code in the “ onClick ” event handlers is tightly coupled to the “ table ” and “ spaceRowMap ” properties of the enclosing class .
I considered passing these as parameters in the constructor but decided it was n’t worth the extra complexity and that the readability of the GWT code would reduce even more .
The big difference between GWT and Wicket is of course that at run-time , all the GWT code becomes JavaScript and executes on the client browser .
This may require the developer to think a little more about the implications of certain design choices .
For example on lines 51 and 83 of DashrEntryPoint .
java , a new instance of a ClickListener is being instantiated for each Space .
On the server side , I would n’t think twice about dynamically instantiating many objects to render a page but in GWT I would have to start thinking about the impact this would have especially when everything ultimately becomes client - side JavaScript .
The GWT tutorial also has some recommendations regarding this .
The GWT host HTML page Dashr.html contains a hidden IFRAME to support use of the browser back - button .
To be able to use this feature properly requires some extra effort as detailed in this page of the GWT documentation .
I did not spend time trying to understand this and I simply used null for the “ state token ” on lines 50 and 82 of DashrEntryPoint .
java .
The Wicket application transparently supports the browser back - button .
If you really need bookmarkable URLs , you then need to do some extra work in Wicket just like you have to do in GWT .
The conversion to JavaScript takes more time than normal Java compilation .
I found a mention of a real - life project experiencing GWT compile times of up to 18 minutes .
On a more positive note , I used the latest GWT 1.5 and whatever little Java 5 features I used ( generics , enhanced for loop ) worked fine .
You still need to be aware of some gotchas though .
The GWT code does not communicate with the server at all which can indeed be considered one of the advantages of GWT because of performance .
But it depends .
What if I really wanted the data to come from the server ?
Then I would need to understand how to make server calls and perhaps even GWT serialization .
The “ Dashr ” requirement is not something I cooked up and I am using something similar in an actual project .
In the real - life requirement when a Space is expanded , the data has to come from the server ( over Ajax ) because it is an expensive “ count ( * ) ” kind of query in the database .
In other words , the expanded data for all spaces cannot be loaded upfront in one go .
Handling this kind of stuff in Wicket comes naturally , you * are * on the server all the time .
And if you use Hibernate you have to be aware of certain issues with GWT .
I hope to expand this example with RPC into another blog post soon and also explain why I think concepts like SOFEA have drawbacks that need to be taken into consideration .
A few other points worth noting that are not addressed in the example , I personally find GWT ’s approach to JavaScript integration , unit testing and especially internationalization more complicated than Wicket .
Overall , a perception of GWT I could n’t get rid of while working with it is that it feels like a hack – but of course , a very well engineered hack .
Maybe if you really have a lot of stuff you want to do on only the client side , it is fine .
From the perspective of someone used to Java server - side programming , there are too many things about the unique approach that leak through – not being able to do “ view - source ” and the added complexity of RPC being some of them .
And for example here below is a screen - shot of what I get when I “ compile ” the GWT application into JavaScript :
It is quite weird to see a one - page application result in a bunch of files like this .
There is one JavaScript file but even the HTML files contain almost nothing but JavaScript .
All the JavaScript is mini-fied and heavily obfuscated .
I guess one can get used to it :P
You ca n’t do this using Adobe Flex !
I initially had an ambitious plan to include Adobe Flex and make this a three - way comparison .
But as far as I can tell , there is simply no way to get the exact table grid behavior we require using Flex !
Simple things like “ rowspan ” are simply out of the question .
Some more recent Flex widgets like the Advanced Data Grid support grouping of data and expanding grouped items etc. – but come nowhere close to the requirement outlined at the beginning of this post .
I may have missed something , so do let me know in the comments .
Related previous blog post : A Wicket User Tries JSF – comparison of Wicket and JSF using a simpler example .
MIAMI , Florida ( CNN ) -- A NASA report on the last minutes of Space Shuttle Columbia cited problems with the crew 's helmets , spacesuits and restraints , which resulted in " lethal trauma " to the seven astronauts aboard .
Columbia crew members were killed when the shuttle broke apart upon re-entering Earth 's atmosphere .
But the report also acknowledged that " the breakup of the crew module ... was not survivable by any currently existing capability . "
The spacecraft broke up while re-entering Earth 's atmosphere near the end of its mission on February 1 , 2003 .
The NASA report found the astronauts knew for about 40 seconds that they did not have control of the shuttle before they likely were knocked unconscious as Columbia broke apart around them .
Watch more details from the report »
The report also found that while crew members were wearing their pressurized suits , one astronaut did not have on a helmet , three were not wearing gloves and none lowered the visors before the module lost cabin pressure .
One astronaut also was not seated .
" In this accident , none of those actions would have ultimately made any difference , " said former shuttle program manager Wayne Hale , now a deputy NASA administrator .
The graphic , 400 - page investigative report relied on video , recovered debris and medical findings , supplemented with computer modeling and analyses .
It also includes many recommendations to make space travel safer for future astronauts .
A shuttle - program source told CNN the families of the astronauts who died were brought in specifically to look at the report and even in some cases to help with its preparation .
The report took more than five years to complete .
" The members of this team have done an outstanding job under difficult and personal circumstances , " said Johnson Space Center director Michael L. Coats .
" Their work will ensure that the legacy of Columbia and her heroic crew continues to be the improved safety of future human spaceflights worldwide . "
Columbia broke apart some 200,000 feet over Texas -- just minutes before it was to have touched down in Florida .
The shuttle 's wing was damaged on takeoff when a large piece of heat - reflecting foam ripped off and gouged a hole in it .
During re-entry , the hole allowed atmospheric gases to burn the wing and destroy the spacecraft .
The oldest orbiter in the fleet , Columbia had just completed a 16 - day science mission .
Watch the view from the command deck as the shuttle enters the atmosphere »
Killed were commander Rick Husband , pilot Willie McCool , payload commander Michael Anderson and mission specialists David Brown , Kalpana Chawla , Laurel Clark and Ilan Ramon , an Israeli Air Force colonel who was Israel 's first astronaut .
By request of the families of the Columbia astronauts , NASA released the report between Christmas and New Year 's so that the astronauts ' children would be at home where they could discuss the findings with their families in private , said former shuttle commander Pam Melroy , deputy project manager for the investigation team .
" It was a way for us to work through our grief about the accident , " said Melroy about compiling the report .
" This was one of the hardest things I 've ever done . "
The report stated that " after the crew lost consciousness due to the loss of cabin pressure , the seat inertial reel mechanisms on the crews ' shoulder harnesses did not lock .
" As a result , the unconscious or deceased crew was exposed to cyclical rotational motion while restrained only at the lower body .
Crew helmets do not conform to the head .
Consequently , lethal trauma occurred to the unconscious or deceased crew due to the lack of upper body support and restraint . "
Another section of the report focused on the pressure suits used by the space shuttle crew on launch and re-entry .
It said the suits were not part of the initial design of the orbiter and that depressurization " occurred so rapidly that the crew members were incapacitated within seconds , before they could configure the suit for full protection from loss of cabin pressure . "
Melroy said investigators took some comfort in data that suggests the Columbia crew died abruptly and without suffering .
" Of course , we were relieved , " she told reporters during a NASA conference call Tuesday afternoon .
" It is a very small blessing , but we 'll take them where we can find them . "
The NASA team 's report evaluated every aspect of the crew cabin infrastructure , including the design of the safety belts and helmets worn by the crew .
The report also included recommendations to improve spacecraft design and crew safety .
Those recommendations cover a broad range of subjects from crew training , procedures , restraints and individual safety equipment to spacecraft design methods and recommendations regarding future accident investigations .
" By learning these lessons and ensuring that we continue the journey begun by the crews of Apollo 1 , Challenger , and Columbia , we help to give meaning to their sacrifice and the sacrifice of their families , " the report stated .
" It is for them , and for the future generations of explorers , that we strive to be better and go farther .
The report will have little if no effect on the nine remaining space shuttle flights to come .
NASA is mothballing the shuttle program in 2010 as it begins a new program , Constellation , designed to send astronauts back to the moon .
There is expected to be about a five - year hiatus in manned U.S. space flight as NASA transitions to the new program , which it hopes will launch in 2015 .
CNN 's Brandon Griggs and Rich Phillips contributed to this report .
All About Space Shuttle Columbia • NASA
Why does my Raptor eat or eviscerate the other pets ?
Because a Raptor is unaccustomed to harmonious environments , all things within your abode — both animate and inanimate — are threatening and appetizing .
To successfully train your new pet , always remember : Raptors will be Raptors .
This does n’t mean you should turn away a wincing eye while he sucks out your dog ’s guts , but you should understand that reprimands against Fido smoothies are reprimands against his nature .
Until you can instill discipline in your Raptor , distract him .
Make sure to have a lot of treats on hand .
Stray animals are ideal for weaning your Raptor off of your home ’s other loved ones .
Why does my Raptor hunt me ?
A Raptor ’s pride is his stealth .
If you find him hiding behind the fern , tripping you on the staircase , or working the doorknob while you are in the shower , do not be alarmed .
Your Raptor is merely exploring and adapting to his new environs .
You and your family are part of his brave new world , and he is uncertain whether you are friends or hors d’oeuvres .
It is very important you convince him of the former , and you can do this by making his nature work for you rather than against you .
Being hunted is an excellent bonding opportunity .
Play along :
Let him chase you through the house while you place challenging obstructions in his path .
Eventually , his hunting will become more leisurely rather than primal .
Just do n’t forget to always run .
No matter the route , the obstruction , or diversion , your Raptor will catch you .
How can I teach the Raptor to not pounce on me and claw me to death in the middle of the night ( or anytime ) ?
The Raptor knows when its prey is most vulnerable .
In your case , it ’s while you sleep .
In the beginning , as your pet gets to know you , he will probably break skin and break a few of your ribs .
Once a Raptor has you in its razor - like claws ( see Filing Claws , pg. 103 ) its only intent is to kill .
Therefore it is pertinent that you fight back .
Do n’t be afraid to stun your pet by throwing him through the window , or stabbing him with the bowie knife kept under your pillow .
Violence is the Raptor ’s language .
Dazed , bleeding , and suffering from a possible concussion , your pet will feel vulnerable and will eventually skulk away .
How can I make my Raptor feel like “ one of the pack ” ?
You do n’t .
The Raptor does n’t want or need to be part of your family .
You need to become one of his pack .
In short , you need to bond with and understand your Raptor .
An excellent bonding exercise is to stand in front of your pet , mimic his stance by pulling in your elbows and bending your haunches , and let out a shrill followed by clicks .
For commands and communicative Raptor vocabulary , see Appendix J. Perform this exercise everyday for several hours .
By the end of six weeks , his hunting will become less lethal and more playful .
He will start bringing you food .
It is essential that you pretend to eat his offering , no matter how putrid and pungent the kitten corpse may be .
Refusing his rank alms will destroy the illusion that you are pack - worthy .
Having gained and successfully maintained his respect , you can begin dominance training .
( See below . )
How can I instill fear in him and establish dominance ?
Only when you ’ve gained your Raptor ’s respect can you attempt dominance .
A Raptor fears only what can kill him , and so far , with the exception of shotguns and fire , that has been the Tyrannosaurus rex .
Of course , engineers have not constructed a pet Rex yet , but you can simulate a lurking Rex by stomping as hard as you can through the house and breaking a few glasses .
However , these effects will be minimal and your curious Raptor will eventually sleuth them out .
What you will need is a seemingly invisible source of noise and vibration .
Nothing can do this more than a 1987 Crown Vic — sans muffler , and with sonic subwoofers — idling in your garage .
Whenever your Raptor is acting poorly , or you suspect he is up to something , crank the Crown Vic and blast a Bakker Tech Roaring Rex™ recording ( found at your local pet store ) or West coast rap music .
Even when you are not simulating a Rex , utilizing rap music in your house is a good way to discipline your pet .
If your timing is right , he will begin to associate certain areas of your house as Rex territory and will avoid them altogether .
Therefore , these spots should be places you do n’t want him to go : areas where babies and small children play , the backyard , the kitchen , and your bedroom .
A child has gone missing from the neighborhood .
Was it my Raptor ?
Owners have to be especially conscious of where their Raptors wander .
It is inadvisable that they be allowed free reign in public , a backyard is a false security .
Raptors can jump any fence , especially when given the further incentive of little meatsticks jumping on the trampoline or barking in the next yard .
Remember : Raptors are furtive creatures .
Be concerned if your Raptor has gotten out of the house or yard even for 5.7 seconds .
If a neighborhood pet or child goes missing , stay quiet and begin checking your Raptor ’s feces .
( See below . )
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Security experts are questioning information released by the Pentagon last week , saying 61 former detainees from its detention center at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , may have returned to terrorist activities .
President Obama has signed an executive order to close the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , detention facility .
The report , released days before President Obama took office , says 18 former detainees are confirmed to have participated in attacks , and 43 are suspected to have been involved in attacks .
That figure would be about 11 percent of the roughly 520 prisoners who have been released from the Guantanamo facility , which Obama on Thursday ordered be shut down .
On Friday , a Pentagon spokesman defended the integrity of the report but would not directly answer questions about where the figures come from .
" We do n't make these figures up .
They 're not done willy - nilly , " spokesman Geoff Morrell said .
Pentagon officials have said they would not discuss how the statistics were derived because of security concerns that such information could give clues to how U.S. intelligence officers collect their data .
" It is painstakingly done by the Defense Intelligence Agency , and they go over this with great care , " Morrell said .
He said evidence of someone being " confirmed " to have returned to terrorism could include fingerprints , a conclusive photograph or " well - corroborated intelligence reporting . "
CNN has learned that some former Guantanamo detainees have returned to the fight .
An al Qaeda video viewed by CNN's Nic Robertson showed militants labeled with their former prisoner numbers .
Saeed Shihri , Prisoner No. 372 , is believed to have been responsible for an attack on the U.S. embassy in Yemen that killed nearly a dozen people in September , barely a year after he was released from Guantanamo .
A U.S. counter - terrorism expert said Shihri is one of al Qaeda 's top leaders in Yemen .
Watch former Gitmo detainee train with al Qaeda »
Others have included Abdullah Mahsud , who blew himself up to avoid capture by Pakistani forces in July 2007 , and Ruslan Anatolivich Odizhev , who was transferred to Russia in March 2004 and killed in a June 2007 gunbattle with Russian security forces .
Peter Bergen , a national security expert and CNN analyst , notes that of the 18 people the Pentagon says are confirmed to have engaged in terrorism , only a handful of names have been released .
If one accepts that all 18 on the " confirmed " list have returned to the battlefield , that would be 4 percent of the detainees who have been released , Bergen said .
Bergen also noted Federal Bureau of Justice Statistics data that show the recidivism rate for U.S. state prisoners who have been released is more than 65 percent .
Those same numbers show that about half of the released prisoners are returned to prison .
Bergen said that some of the prisoners at Guantanamo may not have been terrorists at all but were singled out by vengeful villagers who told U.S. authorities they were al Qaeda .
" We know that a lot of people who were in Guantanamo do n't qualify as being the ' worst of the worst , ' " he said , quoting former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld 's assessment .
Bergen said some of those " suspected " to have returned to terrorism are so categorized because they publicly made anti-American statements , " something that 's not surprising if you 've been locked up in a U.S. prison camp for several years . "
In a briefing Thursday , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates -- an advocate for closing Guantanamo while serving under President Bush and , now , under President Obama -- seemed to downplay the number of former detainees who have returned to fighting .
" It 's not as big a number if you 're talking about 700 or a thousand or however many have been through Guantanamo , " he said .
As the Pentagon begins the work of closing the facility and finding places to send , or release , detainees there , Gates stressed that security will remain his top concern .
" Clearly , the challenge that faces us , and that I 've acknowledged before , is figuring out how do we close Guantanamo and , at the same time , safeguard the security of the American people , " he said .
" That 's the challenge that we will continue to face . "
CNN 's Mike Mount at the Pentagon and Brian Todd contributed to this report .
All About Guantanamo Bay • The Pentagon • Al Qaeda
We launched the original website launch checklist back in 2009 and , as is rapidly becoming tradition , have revisited it to check it ’s still relevant , valuable and useful .
So , take a look and make sure you ’re ready to launch in style .
1 . Be clear about the purpose of your new website
Let ’s start by asking the most important question of all – why are you about to launch something new ?
It ’s only possible to measure success if there are defined goals and targets against which you can analyse and compare results .
Answering the above question will help to shape those targets , and provide objectives that can be measured and used to influence decision - making going forward .
Those same targets are the basis for determining if new content is appropriate , if a design choice is likely to be effective , and helps drive testing of the underlying code as well .
Website goals and supporting objectives are documented
2 . Define the kind of website you ’re launching
A website can come in all shapes and sizes and these days there are very few limits to what is possible , especially at Box UK !
It ’s important to set realistic expectations for where , when and how you expect your website to work across the diverse ecosystem of devices , platforms and browsers .
The boundaries of your expectations for launch have been defined .
Below is a set of examples of what this may cover ( although not an exhaustive list , as it will be unique to each project ) :
Should the site be responsive ?
What is the browser / feature support matrix
Are there performance expectations that warrants a performance budget
Should the site degrade gracefully on browsers that are outside the core set supported ?
At this point , an important milestone has been achieved :
1. Objectives are in place which can be used to measure the success of the launch
2 . The scope of the launch is defined and expectations are documented
The foundations are now laid and we can move on to our launch checklist with confidence .
3 . Put in place measures of success
After your website is launched , you will likely want to release further changes over time to take advantage of areas that are successful , improve on sections that are underperforming and provide new features and content to the visitors .
With that in mind , the ability to measure the performance of the site against the original goals is vital , so we will start our checklist with ways to judge the success of your site .
Website analytics are in place to report on general visitor numbers and behaviour taken on the site
Real - time analytics are in place to provide reporting that allows you to react quickly to and take advantage of emerging trends
Reporting is in place for in - page engagement – enabling dynamic content personalisation unique to visitors as they browse
Monitoring is in place for engagement with the site / brand on social media .
Monitoring is in place for page performance ( page speed )
4. Review your content
Your content should support your goals .
It should be clear , useful , accessible and consistent .
A content strategy is in place
Content is proof read for : Spelling and grammar Punctuation Consistency of writing style Capitalisation Recurring phrases Variations in words ( e.g. Websites vs Web Sites )
Tone of voice is appropriate
Content is formatted and structured correctly
Copyright dates are correct and will update automatically
All links work
Contact details are easy to find and accurate
Images , audio and video will work across all supported devices
Hidden content such as alternate text for images is present and correct
5. Review your design
Ensure that your design promotes and enhances the content of your site .
It should be mobile - friendly , and respond to the capabilities of the device it ’s viewed on .
Here are some simple things to keep in mind when launching the new design :
Layouts respond to changes in screen size
The design adapts to the features and capabilities of devices ( e.g. touch support )
The Favicon is present
Touch icons for mobile devices are present
Line length is appropriate for reading
Typography choices complement each other
The design degrades gracefully on older browsers
The site looks appropriate when printed
There are appropriate designs in place for handling errors , such as the 404 page
6 . Set high standards
Much of the work behind a website can be validated against standards .
I would never suggest aiming for perfection with these standards , as it can sometimes feel like a box - ticking exercise with little value .
But aiming for high standards , and using the variety of validation tools that are available , can help to catch hidden mistakes or raise awareness of important improvements before launching a site .
Use ARIA Landmark Roles to improve accessibility
Declare the language attribute to improve screen reader pronunciation
Use semantic HTML to better convey meaning and document structure on pages
Ensure that links on pages are recognisable and have a defined focus state
Provide alternatives to visitors who have JavaScript disabled
Make sure forms fields all have associated labels
Provide transcripts and subtitles for audio media and video media
Check that colour contrast is appropriate for your visitors ’ needs ( using tools like this one )
Check if your site should have a privacy policy page or details of cookie usage
7. Supercharge your site performance
A high - performance website can have a significant impact both on user engagement and your search rankings .
Fast websites are less likely to frustrate your visitors and more likely to see them through to achieving their ( and hopefully your ) goals .
With that in mind , have you considered the following ?
Files are combined where appropriate in order to reduce the number of file requests
Files such as JavaScript , HTML , CSS and SVG are minified to reduce file size .
Image files are optimised and / or compressed
A caching strategy is in place where necessary
The site has been load tested
Script execution is deferred during page download
Page resources download asynchronously
A strategy is in place to progressively enhance a page with features as support for those features is detected
8. Mitigate risks
Risks are an inevitable aspect of any launch , but they can be significantly reduced by planning ahead and making use of the tools available .
Regular backups are scheduled
Backup recovery has been tested
SSL is used unless there ’s a good reason not to
Penetration testing has been performed
Alerts are in place when downtime or other key indicators take place
Server disk capacity is appropriate
Malicious code injection and cross site scripting vulnerabilities have been tested
The appropriate users and roles are set up , allowing access to the correct areas of the site
If necessary , the site is PCI compliant
9 . Search engine optimisation
The best possible advice I can think of for SEO , is do n’t try to rank highly for something you ’re not .
When someone uses Google to search , and then invariably clicks one of the top results , Google will reward that site if it ’s appropriate to the original search the user performed .
There are many indicators that search engines use to determine if the result was appropriate , but the key message is to write content and design your site to be genuinely useful to the end user .
Saying that though , there are a number of small checks that should be done before a launch to help your cause :
Research has been undertaken to understand what your users are actually searching for instead of making assumptions
Page titles are sensible and relevant
Pages have canonical URLs
Pages have a meta description that accurately and succinctly describes the page
When a page cannot be found , or there are redirects , the site sends appropriate headers to inform search engines of the result
URLs are reflective of the information architecture
A sitemap has been produced and submitted to search engines
The site is fast
The site is mobile friendly
Microdata is in place to help search engines
Semantic HTML is used throughout
Alt text is provided for images
10 .
Test everything
Launching a website has often been considered a stressful event .
But this would only be the case if there are aspects of the launch that are unknown .
Give yourself confidence that the launch will be smooth and successful by regularly performing human testing and instantly performing automated tests when code changes .
Testing helps to remove unpleasant surprises from a launch .
When an unpleasant surprise comes along , find a way of testing for it the next time so that you never have the same surprise twice .
Tests should be a mixture of automated tests as well as exploratory human testing to give the highest degree of confidence possible .
Smoke testing has been carried out
Bespoke / complex functionality works as expected
All supported browsers have been tested
Mobile devices have been tested
Forms have been confirmed to validate , submit , report and respond as expected under all circumstances
Automated accessibility testing / accessibility tools are in place
Automated testing of the logic behind your features has been conducted
Automated testing the outcomes of your features has been conducted
Regression testing has been undertaken
Load testing / stress testing has been completed
Key user journeys have been tested time and time again
11 . Plan the next launch !
A launch should not be a one - off event .
Large , infrequent launches tend to contain larger , harder - to - test features which can lead to considerably more nasty surprises .
Plan to launch small and launch often .
Smaller releases have the advantage of being better understood , more stringently tested , and can cause significantly less damage if something goes wrong .
Measuring the success of small releases is simpler as there are less new features that could be the cause of change .
Build on the success of the previous launch by planning , developing and releasing further improvements quickly while they are still relevant .
Hopefully these final items are easy to check off the list and will encourage you to start work on the next website launch immediately :
You have a long term set of goals and objectives for your site
You ’ve put content strategy is in place that means your site is genuinely useful
You have a brilliant design and experience prepared for the visitor
You ’ve conducted automated testing of all new features
There is absolute confidence in your ability to quickly launch new changes
Reporting is in place to measure and celebrate the success of your launch
Want to talk more about a planned or pending website launch ?
Get in touch with a member of our team today .
Muhammad Ali ’s Powerful Guide to Punching Through the Wall
[ hana - code - insert name= ' social down ' /]
“ I ’ll be floating like a butterfly and stinging like a bee . ”
“ I wish people would love everybody else the way they love me .
It would be a better world . ”
“ A man who views the world the same at fifty as he did at twenty has wasted thirty years of his life . ”
I ’m guessing Muhammad Ali does n’t need a long introduction .
As an amateur he won the Olympic Gold .
He then went on to become a three - time World Heavyweight Champion .
And in 1999 , Sports Illustrated and the BBC named him as “ the Sportsman of the Century ” .
But what can we learn from one of the best boxers of all time ?
Well , here are five tips from Muhammad Ali on how to break through the barriers in the world and in your mind .
1 . Take a risk .
“ He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life . ”
To get what you really want you will pretty much always have to take risks .
Of course , that can be scary .
So how can you overcome this , take a leap and take the risk ?
I do n’t have some simple and easy solution .
But I do have a few tips .
Really , really want it .
When you really want it simply becomes easier to push through the inner resistance you feel .
You are so motivated to achieve whatever it is you want that the risk may be scary but smaller than your desire .
When you really want it simply becomes easier to push through the inner resistance you feel .
You are so motivated to achieve whatever it is you want that the risk may be scary but smaller than your desire .
Ask yourself : what ’s the worst that could happen ?
We often build big , negative fantasies in our heads of what may happen if we do something .
Huge scary monsters .
But probably 90 percent of what you fear never comes into reality .
This is of course easy to say .
But if you remind yourself of how little of what you feared throughout your life that has actually happened you can start to release more and more of that worry from your thoughts .
We often build big , negative fantasies in our heads of what may happen if we do something .
Huge scary monsters .
But probably 90 percent of what you fear never comes into reality .
This is of course easy to say .
But if you remind yourself of how little of what you feared throughout your life that has actually happened you can start to release more and more of that worry from your thoughts .
Detach from the outcome .
When you are actually doing and taking the risk in real - time detach from the outcome .
Just focus on what ’s in front of you .
Things will become easier .
You ’ll create less inner anxiety and pressure for yourself .
And you will perform better because you are totally focusing on what ’s right in front of you and not weighing yourself down with a lot of self - created negativity and doubts .
Every time you take the leap and take a risk – even if things might not go your way that time – you can build confidence in yourself .
By getting more experiences where you took action instead of sitting on your hands it will over time becomes easier to start moving in the direction you desire and take a chance .
2 . Steer clear of self - sabotage and creating inner obstacles .
“ It is n’t the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out ; it ’s the pebble in your shoe . ”
This is a big problem because often you do n’t even know that you are for example self - sabotaging .
You think that the thought loops that spinning around in your head is reality .
But you ca n’t predict the future .
But you are so stuck in your thoughts that you believe them as if they where the absolute truth .
Again , one way to gain a sober perspective is to ask : what ’s really the worst that could happen ?
And then you can make a plan to handle that worst case scenario if it were to come into reality .
Another important thing here is to do what you think is the right thing in life as much as you can .
Why ?
Because when you do that you start to build an image of yourself as someone who deserves the good things that come to him / her .
Self - sabotage comes from thinking that you on some level simply are n’t worthy of what you want .
So you sabotage for yourself along the way to get yourself back into the place or level of success you feel you deserve .
So you have to make yourself feel more deserving .
Doing the right thing is n’t always easy .
But you choose to go and work out instead of lying on the couch and watching TV .
You choose to be kind instead of petty or judgemental .
You choose to take a chance instead of not taking it .
And a lot of the time you might not do the right thing .
But by just increasing the number of times you do it during your week little by little you can really change how you view yourself .
And over time this habit can become stronger and stronger .
Now , another essential thing to avoid self - sabotage and creating mind - monsters is this …
3 . Keep your self - talk positive .
“ It ’s the repetition of affirmations that leads to belief .
And once that belief becomes a deep conviction , things begin to happen . ”
“ I am the greatest , I said that even before I knew I was . ”
“ I ’m so fast that last night I turned off the light switch in my hotel room and was in bed before the room was dark . ”
If you are always negative and down on yourself it will be a lot more painful and sometimes pretty much impossible to achieve what you want .
Keeping the self - talk in your head positive is essential .
You can make that easier to by following the tips above .
Another helpful thing is just to be mindful of how you think about things .
To say “ Stop ! ” and cut off negative thought threads before they become strong .
Just cut them off as often as you alert enough to do so .
And replace them with more positive thought spirals by asking yourself questions like “ What ’s awesome about this ? ” and “ What can I learn from this ? ” .
Keeping your self talk positive may seem cheesy or uncool .
But beating yourself up all the time is far worse and really not helping you at all .
Plus , the thing is that your self - talk is contagious .
Because how you talk to yourself affects how you feel .
And as we know from bumper stickers , enthusiasm ( and any other feeling ) is contagious .
And as we know from Ali , this self - talk can also start to seep out into what you say out loud too .
As you interact with people , there is always a social feedback loop .
People tend to treat you as you see yourself and as a reaction to how you make them feel .
Someone with very positive self - talk will probably be perceived as confident and positive and therefore be treated a certain way .
Someone who thinks s/he is a loser and is always down on him / herself may be met with sympathy but also irritation or simply that people tend to avoid that person .
And since people and support is essential to just about any success you may desire your self - talk – and how you talk out loud – becomes very important .
Now , the social feedback loop is about what you really feel about yourself .
Not that you repeat affirmations all day that you do n’t believe in .
So you need to start doing the right thing too , because positive real - life experiences have a deeper impact on how you feel about yourself than just making the self - talk more positive .
At least in my experience .
4 . Do n’t make a big deal out of it .
“ It ’s just a job .
Grass grows , birds fly , waves pound the sand .
I beat people up . ”
So you create a more positive self - image by doing the right thing and keeping your self - talk more positive .
But it ’s also a good thing to not go overboard .
To not grow a huge ego and come off as arrogant or well , like a jerk .
This may be a bit counter - intuitive but not making a big deal out of what you are good at have some big benefits .
Less defensiveness and negativity .
I could for instance create a big ego around the fact that I have many readers on this blog .
And that would feel awesome for a while .
But sooner or later my head would become too big and I would come off in negative way .
And if people would question what I am saying I would start to feel more and more threatened and nervous .
Because I would have a big image to live up to and defend each day .
I think it ’s a lot easier to keep the self - talk positive but also just be a guy who knows some stuff , has done some things and write about all of that .
I could for instance create a big ego around the fact that I have many readers on this blog .
And that would feel awesome for a while .
But sooner or later my head would become too big and I would come off in negative way .
And if people would question what I am saying I would start to feel more and more threatened and nervous .
Because I would have a big image to live up to and defend each day .
I think it ’s a lot easier to keep the self - talk positive but also just be a guy who knows some stuff , has done some things and write about all of that .
Makes the doing easier and more enjoyable .
If you think it ’s a big deal then it becomes a big deal .
And things become unnecessarily hard and complicated .
You start to create monsters in your mind again .
Your ego may want you to think that it ’s big , big deal because it means that you are a big , big deal too .
That effect is enjoyable but makes the doing harder and less fun after a while as the inner pressure starts to ramp up .
5 . Use your emotional leverage to succeed .
“ Only a man who knows what it is like to be defeated can reach down to the bottom of his soul and come up with the extra ounce of power it takes to win when the match is even . ”
If you are here or have an interest in personal development then you have probably hit a point sometime in your past where you said “ Enough of this !
Something has to change ” .
Or you felt like you hit rock bottom .
Now that is n’t fun .
But as Ali says , it ’s also there you can find that extra motivation and power to push through .
If you were unhealthy and overweight you feel like you never want to go back to that again .
If you did n’t get anything done , procrastinated all day and felt like crap you do n’t want to go back to that .
If you were buried in a mountain of debt you want to never go back to that place or headspace again .
When you have had enough you will find a way to change your life .
And I ’m not saying that you should be driven by a fear to never return back to where you were .
But to simply remind yourself of how it where back then when things get tough .
And realize that yes , it may be hard right now .
But it is temporary .
And it ’s definitely better than it used to be .
Your worst times may not be fun at all when they are happening .
But later on they can be some of the most helpful and powerful experiences of your life .
If you found this article helpful , please share it on Facebook , Twitter and Stumbleupon .
Thank you very much ! =)
A multitude of factors are contributing to a mobile computing renaissance .
Some of these factors include the growing availability of ubiquitous mobile Internet connectivity and the rising popularity of netbooks and other Internet - enabled small form - factor devices .
These changes are inspiring a renewed interest in location - aware software and web services .
A framework called GeoClue aims to enable integration of location - aware technologies in Linux desktop applications .
It is an abstraction layer that makes geolocation functionality accessible through a standardized desktop - neutral API that is easy for applications to consume .
It will provide a C library and also expose its functionality through D - Bus , an interprocess communication system that is widely used on Linux .
There are a lot of different technologies -- WiFi triangulation , cell tower positioning , and GPS -- that can be used to ascertain the location of a user .
There is also a lot of variation between the individual implementations of those technologies .
Although most GPS devices use the standardized National Marine Electronics Association ( NMEA ) format for describing satellite - based positioning , different GPS devices have subtly different programmatic interfaces and different capabilities .
In many cases , the way that these devices are designed to operate makes it difficult to access them from more than one application at a time .
A growing number of devices -- especially cell phones -- use a combination of technologies to detect location depending on the current circumstances .
Managing their use together , while accounting for resource overhead and battery consumption , adds extra complexity .
If every desktop application has to reinvent the wheel and handle all of these things , it would make it virtually impossible for geolocation to become a pervasive part of the computing experience .
There are already some nice Linux - based frameworks that abstract away a lot of the complexity associated with GPS .
One example is Gypsy - - a multiplexing daemon that sits on top of GPS devices , parses the location data , and makes it accessible to other applications on the system via D - Bus .
It provides an effective solution for some of the biggest challenges associated with integrating GPS functionality into desktop applications .
Another intriguing project in this area is the GSMLoc initiative , which seeks to compile a database of user - contributed cell tower geolocation data under a Creative Commons license .
A Web API on top of the database can be used to obtain estimated location coordinates from CellID values .
The GeoClue framework can leverage all of these and expose the data through a single consistent API so that applications can regard the underlying service , hardware , and protocol as a mere implementation detail .
It could also eventually correlate this physical location data with information from geolocation Web services to provide a richer and more expansive assortment of functionality .
For example , it could use a Web API to seamlessly provide the address of the user 's location based on the coordinates .
Mapping user interface components
There are also some impressive open source frameworks emerging higher up in the stack that help facilitate the development of location - aware applications .
One of these that has recently become popular is libchamplain , a GTK + library that provides preintegrated mapping controls that can be embedded in applications .
It leverages the GObject - based Clutter canvas framework for rendering and uses free map images from services like OpenStreetMap and OpenAerialMap .
The GTK + widgets provided by libchamplain have already been adopted by several GNOME applications .
A new plugin for the GNOME image viewer , for example , will display a map with markers to show the location of images with geolocation metadata .
The library is also going to be used in Empathy , the GNOME instant messaging client .
Empathy 's new location - aware functionality uses an XMPP extension that describes a wide range of location metadata .
It is built on top of GeoClue and uses libchamplain to display a graphical user interface .
These frameworks clearly bring a lot of value to Linux applications on the desktop and on mobile devices .
As the technology matures , mapping and location features could become a more natural and tightly - integrated part of the computing experience .
I really love to play games on mobile phones .
Recently I got a Nokia 5800 Xpress Music Mobile and it has got 2 games , Bounce Touch and Raging Thunder GR .
I really loved the two games but was also looking for some other games which uses the Touch Screen feature of Nokia 5800 XM mobile .
Luckily after searching for a while I was able to find some cool games for my Nokia 5800 mobile .
The problem is that there are not many games that are developed for the Nokia S60 5th Edition Mobiles .
Also check out – [ Win Full License of MyPhone and Transform S60 UI to Apple iPhone UI ] – to make your Nokia 5800 Xpress Music UI look like iPhone UI .
Meteor Arkanoid for Nokia 5800 Xpress Music
This game is similar to the Blasterball game that we play on the PC .
All you need to do is break all the bricks with the ball without allowing it to touch the base .
You can use the touch screen feature of Nokia 5800 to move the slider .
Though the game looks cool it is not very speedy .
They should have used the orientation sensor to control the base .
But the graphics in the game are very good .
Marble Maze for Nokia 5800 Xpress Music
After downloading this game I was playing it for almost one hour everyday .
This game is really very addictive .
Marble Maze is similar to the many labyrinth games .
The best feature of this game is that it utilizes the orientation sensor built inside the Nokia 5800 XpressMusic .
So you will actually control the ball in a labyrinth by tilting the Nokia 5800 mobile in your hands and lead the ball into a goal .
There are 40 different labyrinths to solve( Currently I completed 20 levels ) .
There are 3 different types of balls for you to choose metal ball , rubber ball and super pingpong ball .
It is very difficult to control the rubber ball and super pingpong ball so I always play the game with metal ball .
BILL CURRY
The Globe and Mail
February 12 , 2009
OTTAWA — The Conservative government is preparing sweeping new eavesdropping legislation that will force Internet service providers to let police tap exchanges on their systems – but will likely reignite fear that Big Brother will be monitoring the private conversations of Canadians .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The goal of the move , which would require police to obtain court approval , is to close what has been described as digital “ safe havens ” for criminals , pedophiles and terrorists because current eavesdropping laws were written in a time before text messages , Facebook and voice - over - Internet phone lines .
The change is certain to please the RCMP and other police forces , who have sought it for some time .
But it is expected to face resistance from industry players concerned about the cost and civil libertarians who warn the powers will effectively place Canadians under constant surveillance .
Public Safety Minister Peter Van Loan confirmed the plan yesterday during an appearance before a House of Commons committee and offered further explanation afterward .
Read full article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
LEFTORIUM , IL BLOG RIFORMISTA .
Notizie e commenti sulla politica , l'economia e la società .
Potrei cominciare questo post scrivendo che sono venuto in possesso di documenti " top secret " esclusivi .
In realtà , si tratta fonti documentali accessibilissime ( vi basta cliccare sui rispettivi link ) che però sono state , di fatto , occultate e silenziate dai due principali network informativi (?! ) del Paese .
'' Lasciatemi parlare per un secondo del nostro Paese .
La situazione è migliore nel mio Paese rispetto alle difficoltà che ho sentito oggi al vertice ' ' .
Parole e musica di Silvio Berlusconi , nella dichiarazione rilasciata nel corso del vertice di Berlino dei paesi Europei del G20 .
Che il Presidente del Consiglio sia un inguaribile ottimista ( quando è lui a governare , beninteso ... ) è cosa nota da tempo , anche se le parole del Cavaliere appaiono sorprendenti , se pensiamo che l'Italia attraversa la peggiore crisi economica dal dopoguerra .
Quanto c'è di vero nelle affermazioni di Berlusconi ?
L'Italia è veramente in condizioni migliori rispetto agli altri Paesi Europei ?
Per verificarlo , l'istituto NENS ha analizzato le ultime stime e previsioni economiche della Commissione UE ( Interim Forecast del 19 gennaio 2009 ) relativamente ai 16 Paesi che fanno parte della Zona Euro .
Il Pil italiano cresce assai meno della media Europea , e anche di fronte alla crisi globale la nostra performance è una delle peggiori della Zona Euro : nel 2008 siamo penultimi , con un - 0,6 % ( inferiore di ben 1,5 punti alla crescita della Zona Euro .
Nota bene : secondo i dati ISTAT resi noti pochi giorni fa la riduzione è stata più pesante : - 0,9 % ) che sopravanza solo l'Irlanda .
Nel 2009 passiamo al terzultimo posto ( - 2,0 % ) , dopo Irlanda e Germania , e in compagnia di Spagna e Paesi Bassi .
Secondo i più recenti dati Eurostat a dicembre 2008 la produzione industriale italiana è crollata del 14,3 % rispetto allo stesso mese dell ' anno precedente .
Questo dato - inferiore alla media della Zona Euro - pone il nostro
Paese nella parte inferiore della classifica delle 16 nazioni della Zona Euro .
Il rapporto tra il deficit pubblico e Pil invece , anche in questo caso , colloca l'Italia nella parte bassa della classifica : 2,8 % nel 2008 ( 11a posizione ) , destinato a salire al 3,8 % nel 2009 ( 12a posizione ) .
Nel rapporto tra debito pubblico e Pil l'Italia retrocede in ultima posizione nella Zona Euro , con dati notevolmente superiori alla media : 105,7 % nel 2008 ( la media è 68,7 % ) e 109,3 % nel 2009 .
Con la crisi il peso del debito sull ' economia italiana , che si era ridotto nel 2006 - 2007 , torna a crescere : un fatto allarmante , se si pensa che il governo italiano non ha finora stanziato risorse aggiuntive per contrastare la recessione : secondo l'analisi del centro di ricerca belga Bruegel l'entità netta degli interventi anti-crisi in Italia è pari a zero ( Berlusconi a Berlino ha parlato di 2 punti e mezzo di Pil ... ) , mentre l'insieme dei Paesi UE ha stanziato risorse pubbliche pari a 0,8 punti di Pil in tagli fiscali e aumenti di spesa e 2 punti di Pil in misure per favorire l'accesso al credito .
Tutto ciò fa presumere andamenti ancora peggiori delle previsioni sulle quali , oltre agli effetti della crisi mondiale , pesa , in Italia , il consistente calo delle entrate tributarie imputabile in gran parte alla crescita dell ' evasione fiscale .
In Conclusione L'analisi delle stime ( 2008 ) e delle previsioni ( 2009 ) rese note dalla Commissione UE - peraltro non dissimili da quelle di fonte OCSE o FMI - offre indicazioni piuttosto nette , che smentiscono l'ottimismo di facciata del Presidente del Consiglio ( che , come riportato dal solo TG3 , pare abbia suscitato un certo stupore negli altri leaders Europei intervenuti al vertice di Berlino ) .
L'Italia è costantemente agli ultimi posti tra i 16 paesi della Zona Euro negli indicatori economici .
Dati impietosi , che evidenziano la gravità dei problemi del nostro
Paese e i limiti di una politica economica ispirata al " tirare a campare " in attesa che prima o poi la crisi globale finisca .
No small business can escape recession , but there are some that are able to sustain recession well .
Forget advertising , financing , or business services business that WAS thriving .
Some of the strongest businesses of all are those that main business is serving the public – Small businesses offering safety products and services , for instance , are thriving today .
Here are some businesses serving the public that are recession survivors .
Road and traffic safety products and services business
Vehicular warning lights , traffic control devices and cones are some of the safety products that are always on demand to help warn the public on redirected traffics or blockades on certain part of the road .
Business providing those products are always in demand and never obsolete ( as long as vehicles are still running by human intervention :D ) Moreover , businesses related to traffic safety are almost always related to city ’s transportation infrastructure management , and no matter how bad the economy is , the Government is always interested to partner with traffic - related businesses .
Personal safety products and services business
Personal safety products , such as safety vests , safety glasses and flashlights , are those that are needed by traffic , construction or home renovation workers , as well as DIY fans :)
Business security
Security businesses will not falter from recession blows for one reason :
They are almost mandatory , if not badly needed by business .
Services such as data security and protection , surveillance systems , and similar other systems are always on demand , as they protect not only the business physical assets , but also the staffs and customers .
Public safety and aesthetic business
What I mean by public safety and aesthetic business is a business helping the city to look clean and aesthetically pleasing .
Some examples include waste collection and recycling businesses and other , more creative , ‘ city beautification ’ businesses .
‘ City beautification ’ creative businesses may include businesses that provide designer visual barrier between the public to the construction area ( i.e. a well - painted wall that ‘ hide ’ construction mess ) .
So , if you want to start a business , consider starting one in public safety .
You might won a huge contract from the City ’s Mayor !
Ivan Widjaya
Public safety business
Image by pablucas012 .
The combination of a shake and hug has been around for years .
One hand grasps the other man 's hand , and one arm goes around his shoulder .
The handshake is facile .
The hug is tender .
But the shug is right there in the middle — masculine and affectionate at the same time , reserved but expressive .
It allows you to put yourself out there by bringing the other guy in .
Close but not so close .
It 's more than a shake , less than a hug .
It 's a shug .
The shug can be predetermined :
You can go in shugging .
Or it can be decided upon during the course of the ordinary ( if all - important ) handshake .
But the choice is yours .
Because you have the guy 's hand .
He can't get away .
Which brings up the interesting part :
With a shug you can inflict affection .
Like when Barack Obama shugged John McCain during one of their presidential debates last October .
At that moment the elegance and utility of the shug were fully realized .
That 's when it went beyond merely being the future president 's signature greeting and became useful to us all .
Because what appeared at first like a physical manifestation of unity may also have been disarming .
With that shug , he pulled McCain in .
He literally kept his enemy close .
He leaned in so far that he could plant the kiss of death .
Or maybe it was n't nefarious at all .
Maybe he just likes the guy .
Either way , McCain got shugged .
RELATED STORIES :
INFLUENCE : Tom Chiarella on the Art of the Handshake
CHIVALRY : Six Appropriate Ways to Touch a Woman You Don't Know
STYLE : Why We Like Obama 's Less Formal White House Dress Code
WHAT NOW ?
22 Big Names Offer Advice for Obama
PLUS : Subscribe to Esquire.com 's Daily Endorsement Blog for One Great Thing Every Morning !
Ross McCammon Ross McCammon is former special projects editor at Men ’s Health .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Do these mysterious stones mark the site of the Garden of Eden ?
For the old Kurdish shepherd , it was just another burning hot day in the rolling plains of eastern Turkey .
Following his flock over the arid hillsides , he passed the single mulberry tree , which the locals regarded as ' sacred ' .
The bells on his sheep tinkled in the stillness .
Then he spotted something .
Crouching down , he brushed away the dust , and exposed a strange , large , oblong stone .
The man looked left and right : there were similar stone rectangles , peeping from the sands .
Calling his dog to heel , the shepherd resolved to inform someone of his finds when he got back to the village .
Maybe the stones were important .
They certainly were important .
The solitary Kurdish man , on that summer 's day in 1994 , had made the greatest archaeological discovery in 50 years .
Others would say he'd made the greatest archaeological discovery ever : a site that has revolutionised the way we look at human history , the origin of religion - and perhaps even the truth behind the Garden of Eden .
The site has been described as ' extraordinary ' and ' the most important ' site in the world
A few weeks after his discovery , news of the shepherd 's find reached museum curators in the ancient city of Sanliurfa , ten miles south - west of the stones .
They got in touch with the German Archaeological Institute in Istanbul .
And so , in late 1994 , archaeologist Klaus Schmidt came to the site of Gobekli Tepe ( pronounced Go-beckly Tepp-ay ) to begin his excavations .
As he puts it : ' As soon as I got there and saw the stones , I knew that if I did n't walk away immediately I would be here for the rest of my life . '
Remarkable :
The intricate carvings were done by humans who had not mastered language or other basic skills
Schmidt stayed .
And what he has uncovered is astonishing .
Archaeologists worldwide are in rare agreement on the site 's importance .
' Gobekli Tepe changes everything , ' says Ian Hodder , at Stanford University .
David Lewis- Williams , professor of archaeology at Witwatersrand University in Johannesburg , says : ' Gobekli Tepe is the most important archaeological site in the world . '
Some go even further and say the site and its implications are incredible .
As Reading University professor Steve Mithen says : ' Gobekli Tepe is too extraordinary for my mind to understand . '
So what is it that has energised and astounded the sober world of academia ?
The site of Gobekli Tepe is simple enough to describe .
The oblong stones , unearthed by the shepherd , turned out to be the flat tops of awesome , T - shaped megaliths .
Imagine carved and slender versions of the stones of Avebury or Stonehenge .
Most of these standing stones are inscribed with bizarre and delicate images - mainly of boars and ducks , of hunting and game .
Sinuous serpents are another common motif .
Some of the megaliths show crayfish or lions .
The stones seem to represent human forms - some have stylised ' arms ' , which angle down the sides .
Functionally , the site appears to be a temple , or ritual site , like the stone circles of Western Europe .
To date , 45 of these stones have been dug out - they are arranged in circles from five to ten yards across - but there are indications that much more is to come .
Geomagnetic surveys imply that there are hundreds more standing stones , just waiting to be excavated .
So far , so remarkable .
If Gobekli Tepe was simply this , it would already be a dazzling site - a Turkish Stonehenge .
But several unique factors lift Gobekli Tepe into the archaeological stratosphere - and the realms of the fantastical .
The Garden of Eden come to life : Is Gobekli Tepe where the story began ?
The first is its staggering age .
Carbon - dating shows that the complex is at least 12,000 years old , maybe even 13,000 years old .
That means it was built around 10,000BC .
By comparison , Stonehenge was built in 3,000 BC and the pyramids of Giza in 2,500 BC .
Gobekli is thus the oldest such site in the world , by a mind - numbing margin .
It is so old that it predates settled human life .
It is pre-pottery , pre-writing , pre-everything .
Gobekli hails from a part of human history that is unimaginably distant , right back in our hunter - gatherer past .
How did cavemen build something so ambitious ?
Schmidt speculates that bands of hunters would have gathered sporadically at the site , through the decades of construction , living in animal - skin tents , slaughtering local game for food .
The many flint arrowheads found around Gobekli support this thesis ; they also support the dating of the site .
This revelation , that Stone Age hunter - gatherers could have built something like Gobekli , is worldchanging , for it shows that the old hunter - gatherer life , in this region of Turkey , was far more advanced than we ever conceived - almost unbelievably sophisticated .
The shepherd who discovered Gobekli Tepe has ' changed everything ' , said one academic
It 's as if the gods came down from heaven and built Gobekli for themselves .
This is where we come to the biblical connection , and my own involvement in the Gobekli Tepe story .
About three years ago , intrigued by the first scant details of the site , I flew out to Gobekli .
It was a long , wearying journey , but more than worth it , not least as it would later provide the backdrop for a new novel I have written .
Back then , on the day I arrived at the dig , the archaeologists were unearthing mind - blowing artworks .
As these sculptures were revealed , I realised that I was among the first people to see them since the end of the Ice Age .
And that 's when a tantalising possibility arose .
Over glasses of black tea , served in tents right next to the megaliths , Klaus Schmidt told me that , as he put it : ' Gobekli Tepe is not the Garden of Eden : it is a temple in Eden . '
To understand how a respected academic like Schmidt can make such a dizzying claim , you need to know that many scholars view the Eden story as folk - memory , or allegory .
Seen in this way , the Eden story , in Genesis , tells us of humanity 's innocent and leisured hunter - gatherer past , when we could pluck fruit from the trees , scoop fish from the rivers and spend the rest of our days in pleasure .
But then we ' fell ' into the harsher life of farming , with its ceaseless toil and daily grind .
And we know primitive farming was harsh , compared to the relative indolence of hunting , because of the archaeological evidence .
To date , archaeologists have dug 45 stones out of the ruins at Gobekli
When people make the transition from hunter - gathering to settled agriculture , their skeletons change - they temporarily grow smaller and less healthy as the human body adapts to a diet poorer in protein and a more wearisome lifestyle .
Likewise , newly domesticated animals get scrawnier .
This begs the question , why adopt farming at all ?
Many theories have been suggested - from tribal competition , to population pressures , to the extinction of wild animal species .
But Schmidt believes that the temple of Gobekli reveals another possible cause .
' To build such a place as this , the hunters must have joined together in numbers .
After they finished building , they probably congregated for worship .
But then they found that they could n't feed so many people with regular hunting and gathering .
' So I think they began cultivating the wild grasses on the hills .
Religion motivated people to take up farming .'
The reason such theories have special weight is that the move to farming first happened in this same region .
These rolling Anatolian plains were the cradle of agriculture .
The world 's first farmyard pigs were domesticated at Cayonu , just 60 miles away .
Sheep , cattle and goats were also first domesticated in eastern Turkey .
Worldwide wheat species descend from einkorn wheat - first cultivated on the hills near Gobekli .
Other domestic cereals - such as rye and oats - also started here .
The stones unearthed by the shepherd turned out to be the flat tops of T - shaped megaliths
But there was a problem for these early farmers , and it was n't just that they had adopted a tougher , if ultimately more productive , lifestyle .
They also experienced an ecological crisis .
These days the landscape surrounding the eerie stones of Gobekli is arid and barren , but it was not always thus .
As the carvings on the stones show - and as archaeological remains reveal - this was once a richly pastoral region .
There were herds of game , rivers of fish , and flocks of wildfowl ; lush green meadows were ringed by woods and wild orchards .
About 10,000 years ago , the Kurdish desert was a ' paradisiacal place ' , as Schmidt puts it .
So what destroyed the environment ?
The answer is Man .
As we began farming , we changed the landscape and the climate .
When the trees were chopped down , the soil leached away ; all that ploughing and reaping left the land eroded and bare .
What was once an agreeable oasis became a land of stress , toil and diminishing returns .
And so , paradise was lost .
Adam the hunter was forced out of his glorious Eden , ' to till the earth from whence he was taken ' - as the Bible puts it .
Of course , these theories might be dismissed as speculations .
Yet there is plenty of historical evidence to show that the writers of the Bible , when talking of Eden , were , indeed , describing this corner of Kurdish Turkey .
Archaeologist Klaus Schmidt poses next to some of the carvings at Gebekli
In the Book of Genesis , it is indicated that Eden is west of Assyria .
Sure enough , this is where Gobekli is sited .
Likewise , biblical Eden is by four rivers , including the Tigris and Euphrates .
And Gobekli lies between both of these .
In ancient Assyrian texts , there is mention of a ' Beth Eden ' - a house of Eden .
This minor kingdom was 50 miles from Gobekli Tepe .
Another book in the Old Testament talks of ' the children of Eden which were in Thelasar ' , a town in northern Syria , near Gobekli .
The very word ' Eden ' comes from the Sumerian for ' plain ' ; Gobekli lies on the plains of Harran .
Thus , when you put it all together , the evidence is persuasive .
Gobekli
Tepe is , indeed , a ' temple in Eden ' , built by our leisured and fortunate ancestors - people who had time to cultivate art , architecture and complex ritual , before the traumas of agriculture ruined their lifestyle , and devastated their paradise .
It 's a stunning and seductive idea .
Yet it has a sinister epilogue .
Because the loss of paradise seems to have had a strange and darkening effect on the human mind .
Many of Gobekli 's standing stones are inscribed with ' bizarre and delicate ' images , like this reptile
A few years ago , archaeologists at nearby Cayonu unearthed a hoard of human skulls .
They were found under an altar - like slab , stained with human blood .
No one is sure , but this may be the earliest evidence for human sacrifice : one of the most inexplicable of human behaviours and one that could have evolved only in the face of terrible societal stress .
Experts may argue over the evidence at Cayonu .
But what no one denies is that human sacrifice took place in this region , spreading to Palestine , Canaan and Israel .
Archaeological evidence suggests that victims were killed in huge death pits , children were buried alive in jars , others roasted in vast bronze bowls .
These are almost incomprehensible acts , unless you understand that the people had learned to fear their gods , having been cast out of paradise .
So they sought to propitiate the angry heavens .
This savagery may , indeed , hold the key to one final , bewildering mystery .
The astonishing stones and friezes of Gobekli Tepe are preserved intact for a bizarre reason .
Long ago , the site was deliberately and systematically buried in a feat of labour every bit as remarkable as the stone carvings .
Giant :
The stones of Gobekli Tepe are huge and are generally thought to form part of the world 's oldest religious site
Around 8,000 BC , the creators of Gobekli turned on their achievement and entombed their glorious temple under thousands of tons of earth , creating the artificial hills on which that Kurdish shepherd walked in 1994 .
No one knows why Gobekli was buried .
Maybe it was interred as a kind of penance : a sacrifice to the angry gods , who had cast the hunters out of paradise .
Perhaps it was for shame at the violence and bloodshed that the stone - worship had helped provoke .
Whatever the answer , the parallels with our own era are stark .
As we contemplate a new age of ecological turbulence , maybe the silent , sombre , 12,000 - year - old stones of Gobekli Tepe are trying to speak to us , to warn us , as they stare across the first Eden we destroyed .
A WEEK after bushfires started blazing across parts of southern Australia , the country was still coming to grips with one of the most traumatic events in its peacetime history .
The fires that erupted on February 7th in Victoria , the second - most populous state , killed more than 180 people .
Police say the toll could reach 300 .
The final count will be left to authorities with the grim task of sifting through landscapes blackened by flames so ferocious that they melted car parts and devoured buildings in seconds .
In one of Australia 's hottest summer seasons on record , about 50 fires also raged across New South Wales , the most populous state , without loss of life .
But it was neighbouring Victoria that bore the most devastating brunt .
The state is prone to hot winds driving in from deserts , fanning flames whose “ scale and savagery ” , says Stephen Pyne , an American fire expert , “ have no equal elsewhere on earth . ”
This week 's fires easily outstripped the worst two previous ones : “ Black Friday ” in January 1939 , when 71 people died in Victoria ; and “ Ash Wednesday ” in February 1983 , which took 75 lives in Victoria and neighbouring South Australia .
This time , a prolonged drought gripping south - east Australia , and temperatures staying above 40 °C for days , made for a lethally dry terrain to fuel the flames .
More than 30 fires spread from Horsham , in western Victoria , to the Latrobe Valley in the east , burning out 360,000 hectares ( 868,000 acres ) .
The worst raged in a mountainous region only 70 km ( 43 miles ) north of Melbourne , and almost wiped out Kinglake and Marysville , two idyllic old towns ; up to one - fifth of Marysville 's 500 residents might have died .
Ian Pearson , a Marysville survivor , described the town now as “ the inside of hell ” .
As firefighting crews battled the blazes , authorities blamed arsonists for starting some , and even relighting others that had been brought under control .
Police have arrested two suspected looters and are treating some locations as crime scenes .
After touring Victoria for two days , Kevin Rudd , the prime minister , called the deliberate lighting of fires “ mass murder ” .
Australians put aside their obsession with grim economic news , and responded to one of their country 's worst natural disasters with a mixture of grief and grit akin to wartime .
They donated almost A$ 34 m ( $ 22 m ) to help ravaged communities and about 5,000 people left homeless , on top of A$ 15 m Mr Rudd pledged .
Fires , floods and drought are part of Australia 's national legend : “ her beauty and her terror ” , as Dorothea Mackellar wrote in a 1908 poem recited by every Australian schoolchild ever since .
Yet the human cost of this catastrophe shocked even fire experts .
A commission of inquiry set up by John Brumby , Victoria 's premier , will examine Australia 's fire - management strategy .
Controlled burning in cooler months , to reduce fuel loads , was given up in many places after city people protested about smoke hazes .
The government of Victoria 's advice to people in fire paths — leave early or fortify properties and stay — seems to have unravelled .
Kevin Tolhurst , a Melbourne ecologist , suggests many were overwhelmed , fled at the last minute — “ the worst time ” — and were trapped .
Debate has started , too , about the fire 's intensity .
Some are linking Australia 's heatwave and decade - long drought to climate change .
In a report to Mr Rudd 's government late last year Ross Garnaut , an economist , forecast that the number of days each year in Melbourne hotter than 35 °C will rise from nine now to 21 in 2070 .
He said fire seasons were projected to start earlier , end later and be more intense .
Mr Rudd has promised that shattered townships will be rebuilt “ brick by brick ” .
It may also be worth considering precisely where and how they should be built .
Four Labour peers met undercover reporters posing as lobbyists
The police will not investigate allegations against four members of the House of Lords accused of being willing to change laws in exchange for cash .
The Lib Dems referred the matter to police after newspaper allegations raised questions about the conduct of four Labour peers earlier this month .
But after consulting with the Crown Prosecution Service , the Metropolitan Police has decided against an inquiry .
A Lords committee is looking into the allegations against the four men .
The Sunday Times reported that the four peers - Lord Truscott , Lord Taylor of Blackburn , Lord Moonie and Lord Snape - had discussed being paid for amending laws in Parliament in a series of meetings with journalists posing as lobbyists .
The four denied the allegations which would have been a clear breach of parliamentary rules - which state peers should not seek to influence legislation in return for money .
The application of the criminal law to members of the House of Lords in the circumstances that have arisen here is far from clear
Met statement
Profile : Peers in question
Over the past few weeks , the police have been examining material relating to the case , particularly the allegations against Lord Truscott - a former energy minister and Lord Taylor of Blackburn , who has been a peer for more than 30 years .
The Sunday Times released details of conversations the two men had with their reporters in which they discussed what help they might give them and how parliamentary procedure worked .
In a statement , the Met said it had looked at whether it could mount a criminal investigation into the possible offences of bribery and misconduct in public office .
' Difficulties '
It said its decision not to proceed was taken after considering the prospects for obtaining evidence and whether an inquiry constituted the best use of police resources .
It has also decided not to investigate allegations about the conduct of four other peers , made in the days after the original Sunday Times report , subsequently referred to it .
" The application of the criminal law to members of the House of Lords in the circumstances that have arisen here is far from clear , " it said .
" In addition , there are very clear difficulties in gathering and adducing evidence in these circumstances in the context of parliamentary privilege . "
It is simply false to say that internal procedures will be able to deal with these cases
Chris Huhne , Lib Dem home affairs spokesman
In reaching the decision - which it will review if new evidence emerges - the Met said it had taken into the account the fact the Lords would be mounting its own " robust " investigation into the peers ' conduct .
Baroness Royall , Labour leader in the Lords , has vowed to get to the bottom of what she says are " very serious " allegations .
The Committee on Lords Members ' Interests is to investigate the allegations .
Opposition parties have called for tougher sanctions against peers who flout the rules including their suspension and ultimate expulsion from the House - something the government has said it is considering .
The Lib Dems said the decision not to conduct an inquiry was " disappointing " .
" It is simply false to say that internal procedures will be able to deal with these cases , given that there is not even a mechanism for expelling miscreants , " said its home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne .
At the moment , unlike in the Commons , the severest sanction a peer faces if they break the rules is to be named and shamed on the floor of the House .
The decision not to conduct an inquiry was taken by Assistant Commissioner John Yates , who led the inquiry into the cash - for - peerages allegations in 2006 and 2007 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Usually in Rails , if you specify a before_filter in the base controller ‘ ApplicationController ’ ( in application.rb ) , every other controller in that app inherits that filter , so that even if you specify a before_filter in another controller … the filter in application.rb always runs
Example :
class ApplicationController < ActionController :: Base before_filter : check_login end class ApplicationController < ActionController :: Base before_filter : check_login end
class UploadsController < ApplicationController before_filter : get_data end class UploadsController < ApplicationController before_filter : get_data end
The : check_login method is always run even though UploadsController specifies another before_filter .
( You can stop this behavior by specifying a skip_before_filter : check_login in the Uploads Controller )
However if you take this mindset with you to cakephp you ’re in for a frustrating time .
Because if you do something like this like this …
class AppController extends Controller { function beforeFilter ( ) { if ( $ this -> Session -> read ( ' authenticated ' ) != ' true ' ) : $ this -> redirect ( ' / login ' ) ; endif ; } } class AppController extends Controller{ function beforeFilter ( ) { if ( $ this -> Session -> read ( ' authenticated ' ) != ' true ' ) : $ this ->redirect ( ' / login ' ) ; endif ; } }
class UploadsController extends AppController { function beforeFilter ( ) { $ this -> set ( ' file_categories ' , $ this -> FileCategory -> find ( ' list ' , array ( ' order ' => ' name ' ) ) ) ; } } class UploadsController extends AppController{ function beforeFilter ( ) { $ this ->set ( ' file_categories ' , $ this -> FileCategory - > find ( ' list ' , array ( ' order ' => ' name ' ) ) ) ; } }
… you ’re going to be left wondering why your very hastily thrown together authentication scheme , does n’t work on the Uploads controller :\
Because the beforeFilter specified in each controller completely * overrides * the one from its parent ( in php Object oriented programming , methods in child classes override the matching method in the parent ) , what you have to do * in PHP * is call the beforeFilter of the parent controller , first , before doing what you want to do .
So instead of the above , you do this …( note the emphasis )
- Search - Users Labs Protocols News Archive Blog Archive Forum
Search
Firefox
Internet Explorer 7
Safari ( Mac and PC )
You are not using a standards compliant browser .
Because of this you may notice minor glitches in the rendering of this page .
Please upgrade to a compliant browser for optimal viewing :
Press Release
PS3s Help Astrophysicists Solve Black Hole Mystery
Thanks to NewsWise for this article .
This press release was posted to serve as a topic for discussion .
Please comment below .
We try our best to only post press releases that are associated with peer reviewed scientific literature .
Critical discussions of the research are appreciated .
If you need help finding a link to the original article , please contact us on twitter or via e-mail .
Comments Page : 1 Drake Mallard
Guest Comment Tue , Dec 23 , 2008 , 5:32 am CST
That 's really using your head .
Guest Comment Tue , Dec 23 , 2008 , 5:38 am CST Xbox is still better K
Guest Comment Guest Comment Tue , Dec 23 , 2008 , 7:32 am CST Science can be so awesome !
This makes me want to grab some physics books and study :D
Brian Krueger , PhD
Columbia University Medical Center Columbia University Medical Center Tue , Dec 23 , 2008 , 9:17 am CST
Hahah , yeah , but as far as raw processing power I think PS3 has shown that it dominates xbox GUEST COMMENT said : Hahah , yeah , but as far as raw processing power I think PS3 has shown that it dominates xbox Helena
Guest Comment Guest Comment Wed , Dec 24 , 2008 , 2:24 am CST
That is ... awesome .
I wonder what happens to that thinking if you run Little Big World at the same time ?
steven
Guest Comment Wed , Dec 24 , 2008 , 6:40 am CST no this does n't prove the ps3 is better because my xbox plays games .
good games .
it does n't get used for anything else because IT IS A GAMES CONSOLE !
SadGamer
Guest Comment Wed , Dec 24 , 2008 , 10:54 pm CST Soo ...a PS3 ( in a cluster ) can operate comparable to a supercomputer , yet it still has little to no selection for original games ??
Scientists : 1 Gamers : 0
Glad to see it 's doing something for somebody .
Mine is still waiting to be turned on again ...
Will
UC Davis UC Davis Fri , Oct 22 , 2010 , 12:55 pm CDT
So a supercomputer is only as powerful as 16 PS3s for this type of stuff ?
i bet the 16 PS3 collectively cost a lot less than the supercomputer ...
Page : 1 Add Comment ?
Comments are closed 2 weeks after initial post .
This press release has been viewed 126348 time (s ) .
Thank you for the response , Unfortunately I am quite baffled .
I reread your TOS again including the part you mentioned .
to advertise to , or solicit , any user to buy or sell any products or services .
It is also a violation of these rules to use any information obtained from the Services in order to contact , advertise to , solicit , or sell to any user without their prior explicit consent ; I am quite curious as to what your definition of “ to advertising to any user ” as about 95 % of the blogs that make the front page do just this , advertising to the visitor .
It ’s how the bloggers support themselves and allows them to do insightful reporting and commentary .
I am an artist that takes three months of out of the year to research and craft the graph depicted on my website .
Nobody pays me for my time , which is several hundred hours .
I do it because I believe we should have an open democracy and our taxes and what the government does with them should not be locked up in thousands of pages of budget documentation .
I try to bring this to light in an easy to understand infographic .
Yes , I sell posters of that infographic .
It supports the endeavor as any artist hopes to sell copies of their work .
Is that a violation of your TOS ?
An artist selling copies of their work ?
If so , then there are quite a few other front pages stories you should take a look at .
It ’s quite disparaging to me that there are companies that create viral advertisements designed to spread through social media and Digg is a huge facilitator of the spreading of these ads , which no recourse to the advertiser .
Yet here I am , an artist who advocates an open democracy and somehow , my art and website are a violation of your TOS .
You would think our shared goals of citizen empowerment would not be so opposed .
I do not hawk loan offers , ring tones , or t- shirts .
I sell a poster which depicts the discretionary budget of the United States .
I am a one man operation and sales of the poster supports my family .
My mother does all the rolling and shipping of posters .
We all know that digg users do n’t buy anything as is evidenced by their extremely low conversion rate , but I rely on digg , and the democratization of the news selection process to get the word out about my work and poster , ( or the democratization of the federal budget and government oversight . )
My customers and supporters include CEO ’s and visionaries of major technology companies that the digg community idolizes .
They also include senior government officials and hundreds of university professors and school teachers .
Hardly the type of crowd that would associate themselves with spam .
So you can see why I am baffled by the banning of my domain .
Is there a particular aspect of my website , ( http://www.wallstats.com) and the links that have been submitted and rejected , ( http://www.wallstats.com/poster/) that rub your TOS the wrong way ?
If so please let me know so I can get a better understanding of how you apply your TOS , as it seems pretty loose and fast .
I have been on Digg for almost two years and my content has garnered over 8,000 diggs without issue .
I am sure there is a way that we can resolve this misunderstanding and I look forward to your response , Cheers ,
Jess
Layoff Nation : Job Losses Keep Coming
The year - long recession took its toll in 2008 , with the most layoffs since WWII .
Jan. 9 , 2009  -- Starbucks .
Circuit City .
American Airlines .
The list goes on and on .
Every day it seems another massive layoff is announced at some of the country 's best - known companies .
Those job losses , in addition to thousands of mom-and - pop businesses , made 2008 one of the worst years for employment in our country 's history .
This morning the Department of Labor announced that in December alone , employers shed 524,000 workers .
Unemployment now stands at 7.2 percent , the highest since January 1993 .
The losses make 2008 the worst year for layoffs since 1945 when 2.75 million jobs were lost .
Granted , the U.S. workforce was smaller back then , but it 's still a shocking number .
Lost Your Job or Worried About Losing It ? Share Your Story With ABC News
The December losses also show an accelerating number of layoffs in recent months , leaving the prospect for workers in 2009 that much more grim .
" Many Americans are both anxious and uncertain of what the future will hold , " President - elect Barack Obama said during a speech on the economy Wednesday .
And many investors on Wall Street look toward Obama to see how exactly his proposed stimulus plan " will save or create at least 3 million jobs over the next few years , " as he says .
How he will do that is not yet clear .
Obama said he plans to invest in energy , education , health care and new infrastructure .
" We will put Americans to work in new jobs that pay well and can't be outsourced -- jobs building solar panels and wind turbines ; constructing fuel - efficient cars and buildings and developing the new energy technologies that will lead to even more jobs , more savings , and a cleaner , safer planet in the bargain , " Obama said Wednesday .
But , in the meantime , a growing number of Americans are collecting unemployment and desperately searching for new jobs , ones that pay close to what they used to make .
Beyond that , fear of layoffs is taking its own toll on the economy .
Some workers who still draw a weekly paycheck are cutting back on their spending for fear of losing their job down their road .
While they might be saving for that rainy day , their lack of spending is driving the country deeper into a recession and putting their own jobs in jeopardy .
Biggest Layoffs of 2008
Here 's a snapshot of some of the biggest layoff announcements of the past 12 months , provided to ABC News by outplacement firm Challenger , Gray & Christmas .
While some of these have already been reflected in the government data , others will be phased in during the next few months .
The financial sector has been hit particularly hard in this recession as bad investments and risky loans have gone bad .
Banking giant Citigroup had more layoffs than any other company in 2008 , according to Challenger , Gray & Christmas , first with a 9,000 - job cut announced in April and then another 50,000 jobs eliminated right before Thanksgiving .
It would be an understatement to say that 2008 was a bad year for U.S. automakers who had to turn to the government to bail them out for the time being .
First , record - high gas prices drove consumers away from large SUVs and trucks that had been the bread and butter of the automakers for years .
Then , banks started to cut off credit to consumers , making car loans harder and harder to come by .
As part of its efforts to try and remain profitable , GM in May announced the layoff of 19,000 hourly workers .
Retailers had a particularly hard Christmas as consumers cut back on their spending .
But even before the holiday shopping spree , KB Toys , with 275 stores in malls and nearly another 200 temporary and outlet stores , filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection .
It was the second filing in four years for the company .
As the toy store company goes out of business , 15,000 workers will lose their jobs .
Restaurants to American Airlines
Things were n't so great in the restaurant business this year , either .
Americans struggling with rising mortgages and high gas prices cut back on the number of times they ate out .
One of the casualties was Bennigan's , which , in July , filed for bankruptcy , closing all the company - owned restaurants .
About 9,300 people lost their jobs .
Even rocket scientists are n't immune from the bad economy .
Faced with budget cutbacks , NASA announced in June that 7,000 employees at the space agency would lose their jobs .
High oil prices also took their toll on the airline industry .
Airlines were forced to slash routes and ground older , gas - guzzling planes .
With fewer flights , they needed fewer employees .
In July , American Airlines announced 7,000 layoffs as part of its cost - cutting measures .
Investment Firms to Starbucks
This was not the year to be in the upscale coffee market .
Starbucks , facing competition from lower - cost companies , such as Dunkin ' Donuts and McDonald 's , announced in July it was closing 600 under - performing , company - owned stores and cutting U.S. expansion plans amid concerns about America 's slowing economy .
As part of those store closings , 12,000 jobs were lost .
Shock waves spread throughout the financial world when Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy Sept. 15 , the largest bankruptcy in U.S. history .
British bank Barclays purchased Lehman 's North American investment - banking and trading divisions , saving some jobs .
But an estimated 16,000 people still lost their jobs in Lehman 's collapse .
Alcoa , the largest U.S. aluminum producer , announced last week it will fire 13,500 employees in response to shrinking demand for aluminum .
Basically , in this global recession , there is less need for aluminum as fewer people buy cars , appliances and other products that use the lightweight metal .
Banks to Electronics Stores
The largest bank failure of the year came when too many bad loans finally caught up with Washington Mutual , the nation 's largest thrift .
JP Morgan Chase purchased the bank for $ 1.9 billion .
In December , JP Morgan announced the elimination of 9,200 jobs related to the WaMu acquisition .
Another 9,160 jobs were cut in May by JP Morgan in connection to its acquisition of failed investment bank Bear Stearns .
In the past few years , consumers have flocked to electronics stores to buy new high - definition televisions , DVD players , digital cameras and all sorts of other electronics .
Those purchases waned as the recession grew deeper , pushing struggling Circuit City over the edge .
In November , the company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection .
The move came a week after the retailer announced it was closing about 155 Circuit City stores .
As part of the store closings , 7,305 jobs were cut .
AT&T to Delivery
Things are n't too good , either , for the country 's largest telecommunications company , AT&T .
If businesses are shutting their doors , they do n't need phones .
In December , AT&T said it was eliminating 12,000 jobs because of tough market conditions .
With less business out there , there are fewer packages being shipped .
In May , DHL's German parent company announced plans to cut costs in its U.S. express delivery business by hiring UPS to handle North American air cargo transportation .
The change meant 6,800 jobs would be cut .
Image via Wikipedia
It 's that time of year again .
In schools and churches and community centers around the globe , Cub Scouts are gathering to put their building skills to the test in the annual Pinewood Derby race .
Thankfully , our Cub Scout pack has a category just for dads , so I can build my own car .
My son – although I help with the more difficult and dangerous tasks – is largely on his own .
I believe it 's important that his car be his own .
That 's not to say I have n't searched long and hard to find the best performance tips for making my car as fast as possible .
I 'm sharing some of them here .
It 's my understanding that there are as many different rule sets as there are packs , so what I 've tried to do is keep these tips as universal and broad - based as possible .
Be sure to double - check your pack 's rules before your first cut into your pine block .
Put all of your weight in the back .
Much has been written about the physics of pinewood derby cars , and this is one rare case in racing where heavy = fast .
Aerodynamics have little effect in such a short race , but weight does and putting the weight at the back of the car will make your car faster on the flat of the track .
Tungsten weights , in most cases , are best because of their high density .
Lube the car at the body / wheel friction point .
Do not paint the car on the small semicircle point where the wheels meet up with the body ( where the wheel well is on the car in your driveway ) .
Rather , sand this point to a smooth finish with a very fine sandpaper .
Next , after masking off the body 's paint , gently massage some dry graphite into the wood .
This will reduce friction and increase wheel speed .
Spend a fair amount of time on axle prep .
Using a file and fine sandpaper , make sure you remove any burrs and defects from the axles , near the head of the nail .
Some people will put a number of axles in a power drill and spin them to find the axles that are most straight ( and eliminate any with noticeable wobble ) .
Make sure your wheels are ready .
Depending on your pack rules , polishing ( or sanding ) the business side of the wheel can improve rolling resistance .
You can also massage powdered graphite into the wheel edge to further reduce friction .
There are plenty of vendors who sell improved wheels , but if your group is like ours , these are outlawed .
You can also polish ( with graphite again ) the wheel 's bore .
Once your axles and wheels are finished , a good rule of thumb is that , with a flick of a finger , they should be able to freely spin for 20 seconds .
Finally , once your wheels are mounted , check their alignment .
Find a long board and mark off a racing lane , about 6 inches across .
Put the board on a very slight incline and allow your car to roll a few feet .
If , at the end of this test run , your car has moved significantly to one side or the other ( or the wheels have moved in or out ) , move the axle up or down to adjust your alignment .
That 's it !
These are my quick tips for improving your pinewood derby car 's speed .
Do you have a speed secret that you can share with us for making your car move ?
Let us know in the comments .
This section describes other program(s ) which we distribute , that help with the Great Haskell Programming Task .
Happy is at its shining best when compiled by GHC .
Andy Gill and Simon Marlow have written a parser - generator for Haskell , called happy .
Happy is to Haskell what Yacc is to C .
14.2 . Writing Haskell interfaces to C code : hsc2hs ¶
The hsc2hs command can be used to automate some parts of the process of writing Haskell bindings to C code .
It reads an almost - Haskell source with embedded special constructs , and outputs a real Haskell file with these constructs processed , based on information taken from some C headers .
The extra constructs deal with accessing C data from Haskell .
It may also output a C file which contains additional C functions to be linked into the program , together with a C header that gets included into the C code to which the Haskell module will be compiled ( when compiled via C ) and into the C file .
These two files are created when the #def construct is used ( see below ) .
Actually hsc2hs does not output the Haskell file directly .
It creates a C program that includes the headers , gets automatically compiled and run .
That program outputs the Haskell code .
In the following , “ Haskell file ” is the main output ( usually a .hs file ) , “ compiled Haskell file ” is the Haskell file after ghc has compiled it to C ( i.e. a .hc file ) , “ C program ” is the program that outputs the Haskell file , “ C file ” is the optionally generated C file , and “ C header ” is its header file .
14.2.1. command line syntax¶ hsc2hs takes input files as arguments , and flags that modify its behavior : -o FILE , -- output=FILE
Name of the Haskell file .
-t FILE , -- template=FILE
The template file ( see below ) .
-c PROG , --cc=PROG
The C compiler to use ( default : gcc ) -l PROG , --ld=PROG
The linker to use ( default : gcc ) .
-C FLAG , --cflag=FLAG
An extra flag to pass to the C compiler .
- I DIR Passed to the C compiler .
-L FLAG , --lflag=FLAG
An extra flag to pass to the linker .
-i FILE , -- include=FILE
As if the appropriate #include directive was placed in the source .
-D NAME [ =VALUE ] , -- define=NAME[=VALUE ]
As if the appropriate # define directive was placed in the source .
-- no-compile Stop after writing out the intermediate C program to disk .
The file name for the intermediate C program is the input file name with .hsc replaced with _hsc_make .c .
-k , -- keep - files Proceed as normal , but do not delete any intermediate files .
-x , -- cross - compile Activate cross-compilation mode ( see Cross - compilation ) .
-- cross - safe Restrict the .hsc directives to those supported by the -- cross - compile mode ( see Cross - compilation ) .
This should be useful if your .hsc files must be safely cross-compiled and you wish to keep non-cross - compilable constructs from creeping into them .
-? , -- help Display a summary of the available flags and exit successfully .
- V , --version Output version information and exit successfully .
The input file should end with .hsc ( it should be plain Haskell source only ; literate Haskell is not supported at the moment ) .
Output files by default get names with the .hsc suffix replaced : .hs Haskell file _hsc.h C header _hsc.c C file The C program is compiled using the Haskell compiler .
This provides the include path to HsFFI.h which is automatically included into the C program .
14.2.2 . Input syntax ¶
All special processing is triggered by the # operator .
To output a literal # , write it twice : ## .
Inside string literals and comments # characters are not processed .
A # is followed by optional spaces and tabs , an alphanumeric keyword that describes the kind of processing , and its arguments .
Arguments look like C expressions separated by commas ( they are not written inside parens ) .
They extend up to the nearest unmatched ) , ] or } , or to the end of line if it occurs outside any ( ) [ ] {} ' ' " " /**/ and is not preceded by a backslash .
Backslash - newline pairs are stripped .
In addition #{stuff} is equivalent to #stuff except that it ’s self - delimited and thus needs not to be placed at the end of line or in some brackets .
Meanings of specific keywords : # include < file.h > , #include " file . h "
The specified file gets included into the C program , the compiled Haskell file , and the C header .
< HsFFI.h > is included automatically .
# define ⟨name⟩ , # define ⟨name ⟨value⟩ , #undef ⟨name ⟩ Similar to #include .
Note that #includes and # defines may be put in the same file twice so they should not assume otherwise .
# let ⟨name⟩ ⟨ parameters ⟩ = " ⟨definition ⟩ " Defines a macro to be applied to the Haskell source .
Parameter names are comma-separated , not inside parens .
Such macro is invoked as other # - constructs , starting with #name .
The definition will be put in the C program inside parens as arguments of printf .
To refer to a parameter , close the quote , put a parameter name and open the quote again , to let C string literals concatenate .
Or use printf ‘s format directives .
Values of arguments must be given as strings , unless the macro stringifies them itself using the C preprocessor ’s # parameter syntax .
# def ⟨ C_definition ⟩
The definition ( of a function , variable , struct or typedef ) is written to the C file , and its prototype or extern declaration to the C header .
Inline functions are handled correctly .
struct definitions and typedefs are written to the C program too .
The inline , struct or typedef keyword must come just after def .
# if ⟨condition⟩ , #ifdef ⟨name⟩ , #ifndef ⟨name⟩ , #elif ⟨condition⟩ , #else , #endif , #error ⟨message⟩ , # warning ⟨message ⟩ Conditional compilation directives are passed unmodified to the C program , C file , and C header .
Putting them in the C program means that appropriate parts of the Haskell file will be skipped .
# const ⟨ C_expression ⟩
The expression must be convertible to long or unsigned long .
Its value ( literal or negated literal ) will be output .
# const_str ⟨ C_expression ⟩
The expression must be convertible to const char pointer .
Its value ( string literal ) will be output .
# type ⟨ C_type⟩ A Haskell equivalent of the C numeric type will be output .
It will be one of { Int , Word} {8,16,32,64} , Float , Double , LDouble .
# peek ⟨struct_type⟩ , ⟨field ⟩
A function that peeks a field of a C struct will be output .
It will have the type Storable b => Ptr a ->
IO b .
The intention is that #peek and # poke can be used for implementing the operations of class Storable for a given C struct ( see the Foreign .
Storable module in the library documentation ) .
# poke ⟨struct_type⟩ , ⟨field ⟩ Similarly for poke .
It will have the type Storable b => Ptr a -> b -> IO ( ) .
# ptr ⟨struct_type⟩ , ⟨field ⟩
Makes a pointer to a field struct .
It will have the type Ptr a ->
Ptr b .
# offset ⟨struct_type⟩ , ⟨field ⟩
Computes the offset , in bytes , of field in struct_type .
It will have type Int .
# size ⟨struct_type⟩ Computes the size , in bytes , of struct_type .
It will have type Int .
#alignment ⟨struct_type⟩ Computes the alignment , in bytes , of struct_type .
It will have type Int .
#enum ⟨type⟩ , ⟨constructor⟩ , ⟨value⟩ , ⟨value⟩ , ... A shortcut for multiple definitions which use # const .
Each value is a name of a C integer constant , e.g. enumeration value .
The name will be translated to Haskell by making each letter following an underscore uppercase , making all the rest lowercase , and removing underscores .
You can supply a different translation by writing hs_name = c_value instead of a value , in which case c_value may be an arbitrary expression .
The hs_name will be defined as having the specified type .
Its definition is the specified constructor ( which in fact may be an expression or be empty ) applied to the appropriate integer value .
You can have multiple #enum definitions with the same type ; this construct does not emit the type definition itself .
14.2.3 . Custom constructs ¶ # const , # type , # peek , # poke and #ptr are not hardwired into the hsc2hs , but are defined in a C template that is included in the C program : template - hsc.h .
Custom constructs and templates can be used too .
Any # - construct with unknown key is expected to be handled by a C template .
A C template should define a macro or function with name prefixed by hsc_ that handles the construct by emitting the expansion to stdout .
See template - hsc.h for examples .
Such macros can also be defined directly in the source .
They are useful for making a # let - like macro whose expansion uses other # let macros .
Plain # let prepends hsc_ to the macro name and wraps the definition in a printf call .
I 'm working on some beautiful new products for you and will be back very soon .
Love Jenna x
From time to time people ask me to help them write a résumé for a job application or review their CV .
I have also noticed the topic popping up elsewhere , so I decided to write down some of my general advice and recommendations for everyone to see ( and discuss ) .
These guidelines are intended for programmers , software developers , system architects , system administrators , technical support staff and other people applying for technical and engineering positions , but many of the ground rules are valid for any profession .
1
The Anatomy of a Résumé
The main purpose of a résumé2 is to get you an interview .
It ’s fair to assume that your résumé will only be one in a large pile of applications , and that whoever is reading them is a busy person who ’s time is limited and / or valuable .
Therefore , it ’s important to note that a potential employer wants to learn as much as possible about you , your skills and your experience by reading as little as possible .
With this in mind you should keep it short and to the point .
Few people bother to read anything longer than three pages , and some may only read the first page or the first few paragraphs during the initial screening .
Therefore , put the most important information first , and make your first page a memorable one .
As we all know , you do n’t get a second chance to make a first impression .
To help your readers easily locate the information they are looking for , I recommend following a traditional CV layout with a structure your reader is already familiar with :
Personal details and contact information .
Work experience ( in reverse chronological order ) .
Education and training ( in reverse chronological order ) .
Optional sections ( order may wary ) .
While the sections in the fourth part may appear in any order , I do not recommend changing the order of the first three parts .
These should appear in the order listed to make quick scanning as easy as possible .
It also shows that you know how to set up a résumé properly , thereby implicitly indicating that you have a certain level of professionalism .
Maybe the most important part of a résumé is your personal details and contact information .
It does n’t matter if you have the best qualifications in the world if a potential employer does n’t know who you are or how to get in touch with you .
I recommend always including the following on the first page :
Your full name and date of birth .
If your have a foreign or uncommon name , or your name is commonly used by both men and women , including your gender may also bee a good idea .
Your home address .
This is important to show your geographical location .
If you are applying for a job in a different region or country than where you are currently living , providing some information about whether you will be locally available for an interview is also recommended .
If you are staying on a temporary address while applying for jobs ( i.e. while visiting abroad ) , also include the temporary address to show that you are locally available .
Your phone number and e-mail address .
Obviously , you must provide this in order for a potential employer to contact you .
If you are living in a different time zone and / or country from where the employer is located , it may also be a good idea to include some information about when you will be available via phone or when you will be replying to e-mails .
This also applies if you are only available at certain times because of your current job or other factors .
In general , you should only list phone numbers and e-mail addresses that you will be able to respond to immediately or within a short time frame .
A potential employer trying to call you only to be met by an answering machine or an endless ringing may not bother to call back , so make yourself as available as possible .
Address of your homepage , blog or otherwise relevant web site .
This should only be included if the site (s ) contain information about you or your technical skills and experience that is relevant to the position (s ) you are applying for .
A good example of this would be a link to a software project you are participating in or a technical blog you are contributing to .
Such sites can provide useful background information for an employer and is a good way to show your interest for projects outside of work .
Some people also like to include their marital status and number of children ( when applicable ) with their personal details .
Some argue that including such information can be beneficial in helping the reader get an overall impression of you as a person ( i.e. are you a family person or not ) , and it can be useful as a casual conversation topic during an interview , but not including it is not likely to affect your application negatively .
Often people ask if they should include a picture of themselves .
Personally I do n’t have any strong opinions on this , so feel free to do it if you want to .
In some countries pictures are more common , but they are hardly ever required for technical positions .
Update :
As several readers have pointed out , including your age , date of birth , gender , ethnicity , marital status , picture and other “ trivia ” is not recommended in many countries ( including the EU ) , due to the employer ’s possibility of rejecting the application in fear of discrimination lawsuits .
Quick Summary
Since résumés are typically scanned very fast , I recommend to include a short — one or to paragraphs –“ snippet ” about yourself at the top of the first page ( after the basic personal information , contact details , etc. ) .
If someone only reads the first few sentences of your résumé , this is your only chance to make a good first impression .
A good way to quickly give the reader an overview of your skills and qualification is to also summarize your areas of expertise and key domains with a few keywords on the first page .
Again , this is your first impression for lazy and busy readers , so put “ trigger ” keywords here that will make people interested in reading more .
For example :
Key areas :
programming , quality assurance , usability , networking ( TCP / IP ) , enterprise systems , distributed applications , Scrum , security , databases ( SQL ) , test - driven development , real - time graphics ( 2D/3D ) .
Do n’t fall for the temptation to put a lot of buzzwords in this section .
It ’s not likely to impress anyone and you risk appearing to be trying too hard .
It ’s much better to use plain , regular words to describe your skills and areas of expertise .
However , if you are responding to a job opening where experience with specific technologies or domains are required , you should list them ( given that you have the required skills and experience , of course ) , even if they seem a bit “ buzzy ” .
After all , if the employer listed them , they hopefully know what they mean and why they are important .
Also , never include words or technical phrases if you are not absolutely confident you know what they mean .
If something is on your résumé , be prepared to answer questions about it during an interview .
In conclusion , the first page is the most important page of your résumé .
Ideally , this page should contain enough information to still make you an interesting candidate for the job , even when your cover letter and original application is lost ( believe me , it happens ) and somebody forgot to staple the pages together after printing , so only the first page makes it to the reviewers desk ( yes , this also happens ) .
2. Work Experience
Work experience should be listed in reverse chronological order with the newest positions / projects appearing first .
It ’s also quite common to elaborate more on the most recent entries and provide less detail for older ones .
To make the list easy to scan , I recommend laying it out as a two - column table , listing the year in one column and position / project description in the other .
For positions or projects lasting shorter than a year , list the year in the left column and provide a note about the duration in the right column .
For anything lasting more than a year , provide a number range in the left column .
To keep the list as simple as possible , you should avoid specifying dates in the left column .
If anything needs further clarification or specification , write it as a part of the description in the right column .
An alternative to the two - column table layout is to write out each entry as a separate paragraph , with the paragraph heading containing year or year range ( possibly with duration ) and job title or project name .
How much detail should be provided with each entry in the work experience list is a hard to say in absolute terms , as this will depend on how much experience you have and how much there is to tell about each position or project .
If you have many entries in your list ( i.e. due to participation in many projects or extensive work experience over many years ) , you may have to shorten your descriptions to avoid making the résumé too long .
If you lack experience , it ’s fine to elaborate on whatever experience you do have , but avoid writing too much just to fill up the page .
Again , the less is more principle applies , so chose your words carefully and keep it short and to the point .
It ’s also a good idea to include keywords for your work experience .
If you write a few sentences about each job position or project , also include some keywords about the languages , concepts and technologies used .
Again , this is to make the list easier to scan for people who do n’t have time to read it all or who are looking for specific “ triggers ” .
Example :
2006 : Mad scientist assistant , Insanely Rich Man Inc. , Secret Place .
Worked as an assistant for a mad scientist on a private research project funded by an insanely rich man .
Developed humanoid robots to feed and play with his pet tigers while he was on vacation .
Project duration : 6 months Keywords : Python , C++ , Scrum , robotics , micro-controllers , animal psychology .
3. Education
Your education should be listed in a similar way to the work experience , preferably with the same layout ( i.e. a two - column table or separate paragraphs with accompanying headers ) .
If you have taken certifications or training courses after graduating from a university , college or other higher education , I recommend listing them separately in a section after your “ traditional ” education .
There ’s nothing wrong with interleaving the two , but separating them often make it easier to scan the page and quickly locating your formal eduction and your certifications independently of each other ( i.e. an employer may not care whether you have a master or bachelor degree , but just wants to see if you have a given certification or have attended a certain training course ) .
4. Optional Sections
The final sections of the résumé do not follow the same strict rules as the ones describe above , and opinions on what to include and not include vary greatly .
However , some sections are more common than others .
One of the most common to include is a list of spoken and written languages .
Some also like to include a listing of volunteer work they have done or organizational positions they hold or have held ( i.e. coaching a junior soccer team or working Monday nights in a soup kitchen ) .
This information may not be directly relevant to the position you are applying for , but it can provide an indication of commitment , social skills or leadership talent ( even if the experience is informal ) .
Hobbies and Interests
I also recommend to list your hobbies and interests .
They tell something about you as a person and it gives the interviewer a chance to “ break the ice ” and make you relax with some smalltalk .
You might be surprised how often geeks ( even geek bosses ) share similar interests , also outside the domain of computers and natural sciences .
If you have participated in any hobby or open source software projects or published any articles or other manuscripts , I also recommend making a section describing those .
This can be particularly beneficial if you lack formal work experience or formal education , as describing hobby projects or other relevant experience shows that you have an interest in your field and are eager to learn .
Skill Table
If you have experience in many programming languages or technologies , it might be useful to list them in a three - column table listing the language or technology , years of experience and your subjective experience level .
For example :
Language Level Known since C++ Basic 2005 Perl Basic 2007 PHP Intermediate 2004 Java Advanced 2003
This gives the reader a quick overview of your experience levels and allows you to list many entries in a compact and clean way .
The table can consist of any skill , technology or domain you want to emphasize and is of course not limited to programming languages .
References
Some people recommend listing references on your résumé .
Personally , I do n’t see any need for this , as references are usually not relevant until further down the line .
It ’s very unlikely that anyone would need to check your references before an initial interview , so I doubt anyone would require them on a résumé .
That being said , having references on your résumé will never hurt .
I can imagine some employers prefer it that way , as this may save them some time when looking up your references later ( i.e. they do n’t have to remember where they wrote down the names and phone numbers during the interview ) .
Anything that will make life easier for the employer is likely to be seen as positive .
Even if you do n’t list the actual references , it can be useful to indicate that references will be provided upon request , either on your résumé or in the cover letter .
This way you show that you have someone who is willing to be your reference , which is always a plus .
Also , make sure that if you do include include named references with contact details , that you have talked to them beforehand and that they are ready to be contacted by potential employers .
The Cover Letter
As the résumé is meant to get you an interview , the cover letter is meant to get your résumé read .
If you are sending your résumé in response to an advertised job opening , always include a cover letter .
Including a cover letter is also recommended when sending a general application or offering your services without anyone actually requesting them .
In fact , I ca n’t think of a single situation where not including a cover letter would be a good idea .
So , to summarize : always include a cover letter with your résumé .
The cover letter should contain information about why you are sending your résumé and what job you are applying for .
Remember , the people receiving your letter are busy , so keep in mind that sending a long cover letter is almost a certain guarantee that it will not be read and your résumé ignored .
I ca n’t think of a single reason why a cover letter would ever need to be longer than a few paragraphs , so keep your cover letter as short as possible .
For example , there is no reason to write about how talented you are or how eager you are to start working at your potential employer ’s company .
They already know you are interested in the job by the fact that you applied , and the résumé will show your skills and experience .
That being said , the cover letter is a good place to put a few sentences about your current job / study situation and why you are applying .
If you are sending a general résumé with your application , the cover letter can also be useful for highlighting skills and experience that is particularly relevant for the position you are applying to .
In short , the cover letter itself should be the job application , while the résumé should be the document convincing your future employer that you are the right person for the job .
If you are in doubt whether you should include something in the résumé or put it in the cover letter , I would recommend putting it in the résumé .
The main reason for this is the simple fact that whoever is reviewing your résumé may never see your cover letter .
It ’s quite common that the person doing the initial screening — to pick out which résumés should be considered for further review — is not the same person who will do the second screening , and there is no guarantee that your cover letter will be passed along to the next step ( even if both steps are done by the same person ) .
A common example of this is when a middle manager performs the initial screening of potential candidates and distributes their résumés to other technical personnel for a more in - depth analysis of skills and experience .
There is also a chance that your résumé will be considered for other positions than the one you applied to — either immediately or at a later time — in which case the initial cover letter may no longer be considered relevant .
Common Pitfalls
There are many common pitfalls to writing and sending out résumés and job applications .
I wo n’t be able to cover them all in depth here , but here is a short summary of what you should do to avoid some of the major ones :
Check your spelling and grammar .
It ’s amazing how many people seem to neglect this .
I have seen applications from higly educated and well experienced people who did not appear to care much about their spelling or grammar .
You may be lucky and have your application read by someone who will not notice or who does not care , but that ’s not a chance I recommend you take .
Since finding your own errors can be quite hard , it ’s usually a good idea to have someone read through both your résumé and cover letter before sending it .
Make it clear what position you are applying for .
This is preferably done by writing something like “ Application for < position > ” or “ Job application : < position > ” in the subject of your e-mail .
Again , it ’s amazing how many people actually forget this .
It ’s quite common for companies to use the same e-mail address for many job openings , and the person reading the e-mail may very well not be qualified ( or have the time ) to guess which position you applied for , so make sure there is no doubt .
Check for copy / paste errors .
Sending out multiple applications at the same time or using a previous application as a base for a new one is all good , but please , do remember to check that you send it to the correct address and provide the correct company name in the cover letter .
Copy / paste errors are usually obvious to the receiver , and it sends a signal of sloppiness , which you are better to avoid .
Use a standard file format for your résumé .
What is considered standard may vary , but usually PDF is the best choice .
Word or HTML format may also be accepted , but if in doubt , use PDF .
Sometimes the employer will specify which format they want the files in , in which case you should of course use whatever format they request .
Do n’t try to embed the résumé in your e-mail .
It may look good on your screen , but you have no idea what it will look like for others .
Also , it makes it harder to distribute the résumés separately .
Remember to include your résumé .
It sounds stupid , I know , but it still happens , so make sure to double - check that attachment before hitting “ send ” .
It does n’t look good when you forget .
Do not send your cover letter as an attachment .
When sending an application via e-mail there is no reason whatsoever why you should not make the cover letter a part of the e-mail .
Sending an extra attachment just creates more work for the receiver , and thus reduces the chance of your letter ever being read .
Related links :
Notes :
Piracy of iPhone applications has become quite a hot topic recently , particularly since ' one - click ' cracking apps such as Crackulous have become available to the public .
The Kali Anti-Piracy system from Ripdev believes it has the answer , putting pirates on notice that the easy ride to free software is over .
Last week the one - click iPhone software cracking application Crackulous became officially available to the public .
The software would give anyone the ability to remove the copy protection from software purchased from the Apple App Store , enabling people to share them with others .
There were mixed opinions on the news .
Some thought that it was great that there was an increased potential for a flood of cracked iPhone software , but a significant number of people expressed concerns that software developers would shy away from the format if they could n’t guarantee a revenue stream .
Of course , the piracy / anti-piracy cat - and - mouse game was inevitable and today a new DRM system has been launched by Ripdev , promising to thwart those pesky iPhone pirates .
i Phone developer Ripdev says that its new ‘ Kali Anti-Piracy ’ system has been in development for some months now and today sees its official ‘ beta ’ launch .
Ripdev acknowledges it has become trivial now for anyone to become a “ cool hax0r ” by cracking iPhone app DRM and distributing the results worldwide , but believes that with Kali , it has the answer .
According to Ripdev , the Kali system is a server - side service which can take any App Store application and place it inside another protection wrapper which , Ripdev claim , will prevent it from being pirated .
Claimed to be fully compliant with the Apple iPhone SDK , Ripdev says that Kali- protected apps meet Apple ’s approval process .
The company adds that it has been protecting its own software ( such as Kate , i2 Reader Pro , iPref and Installer ) with it for months and no - one has yet cracked any of them .
There is a one - off charge for developers to start using the system .
If they sell their app for $ 9.99 or less it ’s $ 100 .
Over $ 9.99 and it goes up to $ 300 .
Ripdev are also taking additional ‘ royalties ’ for each copy protected with Kali ( in order to “ keep the hackers on their toes ” ) of between 1 % and 5 % of the developer ’s 70 % cut .
Ripdev also has a message for would - be pirates ;
“ Expect more and more apps to be much , much harder to crack in the near future . ; ) ”
The trouble is that sounds awfully like a challenge .
I ’d put money on that being taken up .
Quickly .
A Case in Communism : The Super Mario Story
Contents
Introduction
To anyone raised in the 80’s , few names have such impact as the Super Mario Brothers do .
We played their video games , watched their cartoon show , read their newsletter , bought their merchandise , ate their breakfast cereal , and even watched the piece of sh*t movie “ The Wizard ” starring the young , chubby cheeked miscreant Fred Savage because Super Mario Brothers 3 made an appearance .
But aside from the slightly racist stereotyping of Mario and Luigi as food loving , NY fat bodies with ridiculous Italian accents , was there anything really insidious behind the scenes ?
The staff here at Murderize.com has found something more , something … sinister … lurking behind the moustached countenances of Mario and Luigi .
We do n’t have enough evidence to prove anything , just a sparse trail of breadcrumbs to follow .
And this trail begins with the game that started it all , Super Mario Bros .
Beware brainwashed fools , for this stunning expose will change the way you look at your favourite Nintendo hero forever .
No longer the innocent Brooklyn plumbers , it now appears Mario and Luigi are nothing more than communist puppets engineered to program , oh so subtly , Marxist ideals into our impressionable minds !
Exhibit A : Mario ’s Colour Scheme
If anything can be said about Mario , it is that he seems to wear quite a bit a red .
It ’s on his name ; it ’s the colour of his suspenders , his super mushrooms , his flag , even his hat .
But maybe this is all just a string of coincidences .
Maybe the colour red being all over Mario and his games means nothing .
After all , he ’s not entirely red - his hair , shirt and shoes are n’t …
Or are they ?
Is this just a random occurrence by the Nintendo programmers , or was red selected intentionally and with purpose ?
Exhibit B : The People ’s Hero
The inhabitants of the Mushroom Kingdom are portrayed by Nintendo as slow - witted , poorly coordinated beasts of burden .
Even Toad , who oddly enough gets captured in every world , seems only able to repeat a singular phrase .
While Mario is supposedly fighting against a tyrannical Despot , we can see how expendable the people become when they hinder Mario ’s bloodthirsty pursuit for power .
Exhibit C : King Koopa
While Mario ’s quest to save the princess seems genuine enough , we find ourselves easily distracted from the real result of this adventure - the deposition of the current monarchy .
Few notice the significance of the villain of this game , King Koopa , being an actual king .
While Mario is smashing and stomping his way across the Mushroom Kingdom , a popular government is being overthrown !
Does this not bring our minds to the Russian Revolution , where the entire Royal family was deposed and executed by communists ?
Is the portrayal of kings as vile reptiles not an important message ?
One wonders what will become of the Princess he is attempting to “ rescue ” once Red Mario seizes power himself …
Exhibit D : Mario ’s Flag Switching
At the end of each level , Mario must remove a flag and raise his own .
As with every other duplicit facet of this game , nothing seems wrong here .
But upon closer inspection the flags involved show exactly where Mario ’s loyalties lie :
Hmm , a flag with the peace symbol on it .
Your militant dictatorship can’t have that , now can it Mario ?
Once the castle is seized and the resident leader sacked ( and thrown into a lake of fire ) , we see no more clearly what Mario ’s intentions are , than when he raises his own flag of victory .
What ’s that flying high over the ramparts ?
The Peace symbol of the Mushroom Kingdom ?
The Stars and Stripes ?
The Olive Branches of the United Nations ?
No , we can see quite clearly it ’s the Star of Russia .
Go check for yourself , these pictures are not faked .
Exhibit E : Mario ’s Family Resemblance ?
Video game heroes are traditionally people we would like to emulate .
Sonic the Hedgehog is fast and quick - witted .
The Contra commandos are total badasses , even if they die in one hit .
And Link wields a cool sword and has a harem of hot fairy bitches waiting off of him .
What kid worth his legos would n’t want to be any of these fine role models ?
Why then , as their flagship hero , does Nintendo choose an overweight , big - nosed plumber with an ungainly moustache and ridiculous suspenders ?
Why was this , the most unlikely heroic figure , chosen ?
Unusual yes … but deliberate ?
Looking at the evidence in light of this new Communist hidden agenda , the answer for this mystery is obvious .
Mario , and his short - lived brother , are none other than cartoon representations of Joseph Stalin .
Stalin was Russia ’s amicus humani , amor patriae or communist super man .
So could this “ super ” Mario represent another “ super ” man ?
Well , that is for you to decide .
Based on the evidence , a sinister new picture emerges about our cherished childhood hero .
What follows is a dramatization , based on what we believe is really going on in Super Mario Bros .
A Case in Communism : The Super Mario Story
One peaceful day in the Mushroom Kingdom …
Will Mario be stopped ?
Will Mario ’s brain smashing , gold stealing ways ever end ?
Find out what King Koopa has to say …
Do n’t miss the horrific conclusion !
Credits
Original story from http://www.murderize.com/Articles/CommunistMario/
Super Mario Bros. and all character names are copyrights of Nintendo Co. Ltd .
And for your further viewing pleasure , do n’t forget to watch The People ’s Mario .
With the slow economy and fast - approaching holidays , keeping track of your money can be like a stomach - churning roller - coaster ride .
What 's Cheap Now ?
New Rules for Investing Your Money 30 Best Travel Sites
If you have n't already done it , now is the time to get your finances under control .
The World Wide Web seems to crank out a new budgeting site every time there 's a dip in the Dow .
So to help settle your stomach and your accounts , we 've picked the best Web sites to help you set a steady course for spending and saving .
Advertisement - Article continues below
For a fresh view of your big financial picture , Mint.com is our favorite .
The online money - management tool lets you easily track all your accounts : checking , savings , credit , loan and investment .
Signing up is fast and free ; to get started , you need only provide an e-mail address and zip code , then select a password .
Next , link up your accounts .
The site connects to more than 7,500 U.S. financial institutions and is adding more .
You have to provide user names and passwords for all your bank accounts , but do n't worry :
The site maintains a secure connection .
All user names and passwords are encrypted so that no one at Mint ever sees them .
And you do n't provide the site with any personal information besides your e-mail and zip code .
Advertisement
Advertisement - Article continues below
Mint updates all your accounts at least once a day and automatically labels each expense with a category -- groceries , credit - card payments , gas and so on .
You can use customized tags to create more - specific categories , and you can add notes to each transaction .
The site also offers personalized savings tips , such as suggesting better credit cards for cash rebates and travel rewards .
Advertisement - Article continues below
Mint 's sleek screens make even the ugliest of finances just a little bit prettier .
Under the Trends tab , the Where You Spend pie charts break down your expenses into a rainbow of categories .
Click on a slice and you 'll see a new , more - detailed pie chart with its own slices .
For example , the food - and - dining category splits into groceries , restaurants , fast food , coffee shops and the like .
And the site 's SpendSpace bar graphs let you compare your spending habits with average outlays of people in selected cities or states -- or the whole country .
Unfortunately , you can't manually add transactions to your Mint account , so you can't project future costs or tally any extra cash or expenditures .
To remedy the latter issue , the site suggests you split ATM withdrawals into separate cash transactions .
The Mint 's support forums are another weak aspect of the site .
If you 're more interested in an online community , we suggest Geezeo.com or Wesabe.com .
The latter keeps your budgeting focused .
Although you can manage credit and savings accounts on the site , we had trouble uploading that data and stuck primarily to tracking our checking .
However , Wesabe lets you manually enter cash accounts and transactions .
You can link all your accounts to Geezeo , but we experienced some difficulty when trying to add more than one account from a single financial institution .
Also , its investment - account tracker is rather bare bones , listing only your holdings ' shares and market values–unlike Mint , whose investment tool tracks fund and stock performance and portfolio allocation .
Like Mint , Geezeo automatically tags your expenses ;
Wesabe invites you to create your own labels .
Advertisement - Article continues below
Advertisement
Advertisement - Article continues below
But the power of Geezeo and Wesabe lies in its participants .
Members set goals they share with the community and form groups in which they can support , inspire and advise one another .
Wesabe provides tips tailored to your specific situation .
Geezeo offers more : expert advice , community confessions , and a marketplace of financial products for you to review and compare .
Although all three of the above sites are secure , some people are still not comfortable linking bank accounts directly to a budgeting site .
If that describes you , try BudgetTracker.com or BudgetPulse.com .
Both sites let you manually enter your account balances and transactions .
You can also schedule bill payments using the sites ' calendar features .
A limited free account with BudgetTracker includes up to ten bank accounts , 50 calendar reminders and 15 bill - payment entries ; an unlimited account costs $ 2.95 per month .
BudgetPulse , currently in beta testing , is free .
Buxfer.com is a site that specializes in group budgeting and IOUs among friends .
Perfect for roommates or group vacations , you can invite contacts to join and track shared bills ( you can even access Buxfer via a Facebook application ) .
For your individual budget , you can choose either to provide your bank - account information -- as you would with Mint , Wesabe or Geezeo -- or manually add your accounts , as with BudgetTracker or BudgetPulse .
Buxfer 's free basic membership affords you five accounts , five budgets and five bill reminders ; an upgrade to unlimited membership costs $ 2.79 a month or $ 21.48 a year .
Invite friends to join and for each person who accepts you 'll earn a 60 - cent credit toward an upgrade .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Honda Racing are gearing up to begin pre-season testing ahead of the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne , autosport.com can reveal .
Despite no confirmation that a buyer has been found to secure the future of the Brackley - based outfit , autosport.com has learned that with the 2009 car now ready , team personnel have been instructed to get ready to go testing .
It is not clear whether the preparations are advanced enough for the outfit to be in a position to run at next week 's group test at Jerez , but at the latest the team should be able to join the final major get - together at Barcelona later next month .
There is also the possibility that the team could conduct a shakedown in the United Kingdom prior to any testing on the continent .
There has been no official confirmation from Honda on plans to test , nor has there been any further official news on the future of the outfit since Honda CEO Takeo Fukui said earlier this week that he could see no ' serious buyer ' for the outfit .
As autosport.com reported earlier this week , it still appears that the most likely outcome is a management buy - out led by team principal Ross Brawn .
Sources suggest that the only other potential bidder for the team was informed in the last 24 hours that they had been unsuccessful .
A Brawn buyout would be funded by finance from the Honda Motor Company , television rights money from Bernie Ecclestone , plus sponsorship income that could come from signing Bruno Senna .
The involvement of Honda 's CEO Nick Fry in the buyout remains unclear - with widespread conjecture suggesting that he will not be involved in the takeover .
However , sources have told autosport.com that talk of his departure from the team is ' speculation ' .
February 5 , 2009
From the U.S. Conference of Mayors wish list of all the things mayors across the country want the federal government to fund in the name of “ stimulus ” comes my own selection of some of the dodgier requests from North Texas cities .
It starts on page 293 , and my short list here is just a taste of the absurdity .
Frisco wants $ 125,000 for an armored vehicle and $ 200,000 for a mobile command vehicle .
You know , for all that gang tank warfare going on up in Frisco .
McKinney wants $ 5 million for SWAT toys and stuff .
North Richland Hills wants $ 51,000 for volunteer patrol volunteers .
Let ’s throw in $ 10 for a dictionary so they can look up the word “ volunteer . ”
Irving wants $ 5 million for biometric scanners , digital cameras , RFID scanners — nothing Big Brother there .
Grand Prairie wants $ 1.25 million for nicer landscaping around the public safety building .
And finally , Arlington is really gearing up for urban warfare .
Arlington wants $ 1.6 million for SWAT toys including more equipment for those deadly but camera - friendly no - knock raids , $ 56,000 for military grade carbines , $ 625,000 for unmanned aerial surveillance drones , and $ 130,000 for “ covert ops . ”
That ’s just the choicer stuff .
Take a read .
And let me know what ’s economically stimulating about any of this .
UPDATE : Per reader Bear , here ’s a link to the mayors ’ tin cup list that ’s more interactive , if you do n’t like PDFs .
So , Michael Phelps , that guy who won eight gold medals in the Beijing Olympics , the most in human history , was caught on photo in an apparent act of smoking pot .
The photo ( which I am not posting here out respect for him ) was met by mixed reactions of disappointment , dismay , and puzzlement .
For why would a legendary athlete , who has the world on his hands and history on his side , resort to Marijuana ?
Michael did not disown the picture and in an admirable fashion atypical of real drug users ( like the Philippines ’ Alabang Boys ) , he says :
“ I engaged in behavior which was regrettable and demonstrated bad judgment .
I ’m 23 years old , and despite the successes I have had in the pool , I acted in a youthful and inappropriate way , not in a manner that people have come to expect from me .
For this , I am sorry .
I promise my fans and the public — it will not happen again . ”
In 2001 , when master rapper Francis Magalona was arrested by the police for cannabis possession , Philippine Daily Inquirer ace columnist Conrado de Quiros wrote an article pushing for the legalization of Marijuana .
I have never tried using MJ , and I think it is too late to indulge in it as I am past the age of youthful explorations , but I find De Quiros ’ arguments sound .
And they hold water to this day .
Read on …
LEGALIZE IT
MY heart goes out to Francis Magalona .
I ’ve always found him to be a nice guy , and I for one would find it a great shame if his arrest , presumably for marijuana use , would ruin his career , or indeed curtail his freedom .
I know that other people have been jailed for owning , selling , or using marijuana , and that justice would seem to dictate that they do the same thing to him .
Either justice applies to all , or it does n’t apply at all .
Smoking pot is a crime only because we make it so .
Which brings me to my point : I cannot for the life of me imagine why we make it so .
Marijuana is not cocaine , heroin , or opium , which are the chemically manufactured drugs that fry the brain ( that is literal , as you ’d know if you ’ve seen the pictures of the brains of people who have overdosed on them ) and induce anti-social behavior .
I do buy the idea that they induce people to crime .
But including marijuana among the list of dangerous drugs is crazy ( in the drug - crazed sense of the word ) and merely distracts the law enforcers , such as they can be called that , from throwing their undivided attention to the real menace .
Worse , it merely adds another layer to police corruption .
The normal victims of marijuana busts are not the Magalona types , they are ordinary people who run into checkpoints and end up with sticks in their wallets or in the compartments of their battered - down cars .
Marijuana in fact belongs to the same category as cigarettes or alcohol .
[ But ] nobody seriously thinks of banning cigarettes or alcohol on the grounds that they are harmful to health or that they produce anti-social behavior .
Arguably , cigarettes and alcohol are far more harmful than marijuana .
Cigarettes are infinitely more addictive : make no mistake about it , as doctors and patients with lung cancer from smoking warn , smoking is not a habit , it is an addiction .
You cannot smoke two packs of marijuana a day , which is the average consumption of heavy smokers .
And alcohol produces far more resolutely anti-social behavior .
We do not need to go far to see that : the agony pages , also called the Metro section , is full of stories of people who knife each other to death while drinking gin and cops who shoot up karaoke bars while under the influence of St. Michael .
I have yet to know of people who did that while laughing their heads off from the effects of the weed .
We want to ban something , let ’s ban guns , not marijuana .
Banning guns , quite incidentally looks more and more arduous in the face of opposition by gun-crazed , which is infinitely worse than drug- crazed , congressmen .
By all means let us regulate marijuana , the way we regulate alcohol and cigarettes .
I do hope Francis Magalona gets back on his feet and continues to tell the youth to say no to drugs .
So he smokes pot : I do n’t see the contradiction .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Email
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Eight people who claim they were victims of overzealous cops using illegal tactics during the Republican National Convention filed a rash of federal lawsuits Thursday over the alleged incidents .
The plaintiffs include three self - styled journalists , a Minneapolis bookstore owner and four people who took part in street protests during the convention , held in St. Paul in September .
All told , the defendants in the seven lawsuits filed in U.S. District Court in St. Paul include the cities of St. Paul and Minneapolis , Ramsey County , Ramsey County Sheriff Bob Fletcher , 17 named law - enforcement officers and 38 officers identified only as letters of the alphabet .
The suits are the latest legal actions spawned by the convention , which saw hundreds of demonstrators take to St. Paul ’s streets .
Just last week , the St. Paul city attorney ’s office said it was declining to prosecute 323 people arrested on a couple of bridges downtown on the convention ’s last day .
In dropping the cases , City Attorney John Choi said it was n’t a sign that police had acted improperly in the mass arrests .
But the civil suits , filed by St. Paul attorney Ted Dooley and Minneapolis lawyer Peter Nickitas , allege illegal acts on the part of law enforcement , including assault , use of excessive force , unreasonable search and seizure , false arrest and imprisonment and invasion of privacy .
The plaintiffs also allege their constitutional rights of free speech , assembly and freedom of the press were violated .
One plaintiff is Michael Whalen , 60 , who owns the St. Paul duplex that was raided by law enforcement Aug. 30 .
St. Paul police who obtained a warrant claimed Whalen “ supported Irish independence ” and co-owned the Arise Bookstore in Minneapolis with former domestic terrorist Sara Jane Olson 20 years ago , and had received “ large , heavy boxes ” in the mail , the suit claims .
The boxes contained vegan literature .
Officers entered the home , detained the occupants and searched the residence but arrested no one and seized no property .
“ The individual defendants ’ actions … served no legitimate law - enforcement purpose , ” the suit contends .
The complaint says the police actions “ reflected calculated , unlawful efforts to punish plaintiff for his exercise of freedom of speech and association with journalists known to document police abuses . ”
Indeed , three plaintiffs consider themselves journalists .
Vladimir Teichberg , of New York , and Olivia Katz , of New Jersey , stated in their joint complaint that they are part of the Glassbead Collective , “ an independent newsgathering organization that gathers audio , video , photographic , and other evidence of unlawful police conduct . ”
The two claim they came to St. Paul to “ record events connected with ” the convention and that at 1:42 a.m. Aug. 26 , two Minneapolis police officers stopped them while they were walking and seized their personal property , including cameras , cell phones , a laptop computer , notebooks and money .
They claim they were held for 30 to 60 minutes , that neither was ever charged and that Minneapolis officers held their possessions for 14 hours before returning everything except a $ 100 bill and Katz ’s driver ’s license .
Wendy Binion , an Oregonian who works for an online publication called Portland IndyMedia , claims in her suit that several St. Paul officers subjected her to excessive and unreasonable force , false arrest and imprisonment “ while peacefully carrying on her duties as a journalist ” Sept. 2 .
The incident involved a demonstration near Mears Park that evening .
She said a police officer wrote her a citation for “ obstruction of legal process ” but that the case was dismissed and she was released .
The Sept. 2 demonstration was also the genesis of lawsuits filed by Rebecca Sang , of Cerritos , Calif. , and Jason Johnson , of Cedar Lake , Ind .
Both claim they were victims of excessive force and false arrest by St. Paul police .
Johnson also claims he was shocked repeatedly with a stun gun , suffered burns and “ suffered seven separate wounds from the Tasering . ”
Sang and Johnson were also issued citations for allegedly obstructing police ; both cases were dismissed .
Minneapolis resident Michael Kelly alleges in his suit that he was carrying an antiwar banner during a protest Sept. 4 in downtown St. Paul when officers ripped the banner from his hands and another policeman shot him with a nonlethal weapon that caused bruising and injury .
He was arrested , but the citation was later dismissed .
Another Minneapolis resident , Michelle Gross , claims in her suit that on Aug. 29 , she was seized and , for no reason , was “ strip - searched in the presence of men in a nonprivate location . ”
She claims a sheriff ’s deputy touched her under her bra “ in a sexually offensive manner . ”
She said in her suit that she later filed a request under the Minnesota Data Practices
Act seeking records of the incident but that Fletcher and the sheriff ’s office refused to respond .
The refusal , the suit claims , “ reflected willful , malicious disregard for plaintiff ’s clearly established right to petition for redress of grievances and right to access of private and public data concerning herself . ”
David Hanners can be reached at 612-338-6516 .
Participating in certain mental activities , like reading magazines or crafting in middle age or later in life , may delay or prevent memory loss , according to a study released February 17 that will be presented at the American Academy of Neurology 's 61st Annual Meeting in Seattle , April 25 to May 2 , 2009 .
The study involved 197 people between the ages of 70 and 89 with mild cognitive impairment , or diagnosed memory loss , and 1,124 people that age with no memory problems .
Both groups answered questions about their daily activities within the past year and in middle age , when they were between 50 to 65 years old .
The study found that during later years , reading books , playing games , participating in computer activities and doing craft activities such as pottery or quilting led to a 30 to 50 percent decrease in the risk of developing memory loss compared to people who did not do those activities .
People who watched television for less than seven hours a day in later years were 50 percent less likely to develop memory loss than people who watched for more than seven hours a day .
People who participated in social activities and read magazines during middle age were about 40 percent less likely to develop memory loss than those who did not do those activities .
" This study is exciting because it demonstrates that aging does not need to be a passive process .
By simply engaging in cognitive exercise , you can protect against future memory loss , " said study author Yonas Geda , MD , MSc , a neuropsychiatrist at Mayo Clinic in Rochester , MN , and a member of the American Academy of Neurology .
" Of course , the challenge with this type of research is that we are relying on past memories of the participants , therefore , we need to confirm these findings with additional research . "
The study was supported by the National Institutes of Health , Robert H. and Clarice Smith and Abigail Van Buren Alzheimer 's Disease Research Program and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation .
July , 1995 , the time is out of joint .
Two teen girls , Sam and Corey , have left Virginia for L.A. to start over .
Sam 's brother has died and her family 's shattered ; Corey 's too wild .
They have car trouble in a small desert town , where Corey immediately starts her partying ways , where a meteorite strikes a windmill , and where a burned - out Desert Storm vet predicts the end of the world in four days .
Sam hallucinates while sleepwalking , young men have disappeared from town , and cars come out of nowhere to cause accidents .
Time travel may be possible , but it takes courage and resolve .
Is the addled war veteran right ?
If he is , can Corey or Sam make things right ?
Written by < jhailey@hotmail.com >
<embed Formal Petition to Attorney General - Designate Eric Holder to appoint a Special Prosecutor to investigate and prosecute any and all government officials who have participated in War Crimes .
“ Dear Attorney General Eric Holder ,
We the undersigned citizens of the United States hereby formally petition you to appoint a Special Prosecutor to investigate and prosecute any and all government officials who have participated in torture and other war crimes .
Update 1 : Initially , we emailed Mr. Holder at his law firm .
On 12/20/08 we received a reply from Mr. Holder : “ Enough folks .
I hear you . ”
So out of respect we stopped forwarding each signature individually .
Update 2 : After his Senate confirmation on 2/2/09 , we began forwarding each signature to the Justice Department .
We are trying to schedule a meeting to deliver the full list of signatures . ”
Sponsored by Docudharma.com and Democrats.com .
At the conference , Facebook asked a range of questions to its users around the world , before feeding the answers back to delegates within minutes .
It selectively - targeted users in Palestine and then Israel with the same question about global peace , before debating the results at a discussion forum .
It also asked 120,000 US members whether US President Barack Obama 's economic stimulus package would be enough to save the US economy .
Almost 60 pc said it would not .
Hey all !
I 'm getting sleep again ( THANK GOODNESS ) .
This hiatus from the strips is working !
And I 've completed step one in getting back on top of the pile !
Let 's talk Pawnz and Bookmarks !
A NOTE ON MAILING PAWNZ & BOOKMARK MAIL REWARDS !:
I have n't sent out any physical rewards ( Pawnz - Postcards & Bookmarks ) since February due to the pandemic - caused - postal - chaos that has ensued .
I think domestic mail is under control now , but that there are still issues with international shipping .
I need to do more research when I have time !
In any case I 'm going to send all rewards out eventually , never fear !
YOU CAN NOW OPT OUT OF PAWNZ & BOOKMARK MAIL REWARDS !:
Several of you have expressed that you 're pledging at a higher tier to keep the strip going , and not because you want postcards and bookmarks in your mailbox every month .
Well now you can Opt Out here !
https://login.sluggy.com/subscription_profile also found from hovering over yourusername -> Subscription Profile .
THIS WILL NOT OPT YOU OUT FROM RECEIVING EARNED BOOKS !
If you earned a free Sluggy book I 'm damn - well going to see you get one , and you can't stop me !
So here 's the Pawnz & Bookmarks for June , July , and August !
June has already passed but as long as you were a Level 2 ( or higher )
Defender by mid June , you will have this little NOM - possesed Bun-bun in your digital collection , and a nifty NOM bookmark to use on the site !
Level 3 or higher gets the physical postcard ( allowing you to cut out and fold your own little pawnz NOM - Bun- bun ) and bookmark mailed to you once I resume mailing !
The “ Safehouse : The NOM ” story appears in the upcoming Sluggy Freelance Book 21 , 4U City Red .
July is special , and as long as you ’re a Defender of the right level by mid July you ’ll get both of these guys !
FROG and CORSICA !
Same deal as for June !
Level2 + for digital copies , Level 3 + for physical copies as well !
More Details ( optional read ) :
When the store reopens , the digital Frog Pawn will be available in the Sluggy Store for $ 0.99 .
So Corsica is the Pawnz of the Month , and Frog is a Store Item .
Frog is close to core - cast so I wanted him available to all .
But I really wanted the 2 + Defenders to have both at once , and the 3 +
Defenders to be able to make the cut - n - fold amphibian couple as a set , so this was the simplest way to make that happen .
If that 's confusing do n’t worry .
Anyone can buy a digital frog for a buck soon .
Defender Level 2 + you ’ll have Frog and Corsica digitally free , Defender Level 3 + you ’ll have Frog and Corsica postcard mailed to you free .
For August 2020 , and for Sluggy Freelance ’s 23rd Anniversary , I can think of nothing more fitting than the irascible Frog unleashing an angry tirade !
The Angry Frog Bookmark , Pawnz and Postcard !
Nifty !
And that 's Pawnz & Bookmarks DONE !
On to Book 21 !
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Frank Buckles considered it his duty to represent his fellow soldiers at Arlington National Cemetery on Veterans Day .
Frank Buckles , 107 and the last living U.S. WWI veteran , said it was his duty to represent his fallen soldiers .
" I have to , " he told CNN , " because I 'm the last living member of Americans " who fought in what was called The Great War .
Buckles , 107 , who is the sole living U.S. World War I veteran , attended ceremonies Tuesday at the grave of Gen. John Pershing , the top U.S. commander in that war .
He was present for the first Veterans Day in 1918 -- though it was originally called Armistice Day -- that marked the end of WWI .
Buckles was warmly greeted with standing applause by those in uniform and others who had gathered for the commemoration , but he said he did not think the fuss was about him .
" I can see what they 're honoring , the veterans of World War I . "
" Time has passed very quickly to me , " he said after a wreath - laying .
" I 've had a lot of activity in the last 90 years . "
Watch interview with Frank Buckles »
According to an autobiography released this year by the Pentagon , Buckles was eager to join the war .
Although only 16 in the summer of 1917 , he lied about his age to get into the armed services .
He said his recruiter told him " the Ambulance Service was the quickest way to get to France , " so he took training in trench casualty retrieval .
Buckles was an officer 's escort in France before joining a detail transporting German prisoners of war .
A few decades later , Buckles was in the Philippines as a civilian , on the day in December 1941 that Japan attacked Pearl Harbor .
He was taken as a prisoner of war in Manila and held for 39 months .
Today Buckles is the symbolic leader of a drive to improve a run-down city - owned memorial on the National Mall for those lost in the World War I .
The gazebo - styled structure was built in the 1930s .
There is no national memorial in the nation 's capital for the troops known as " doughboys " who served in the war that ended 90 years ago .
Legislation in Congress would provide federal funding to restore and enhance the city 's memorial .
A $ 182 million World War II memorial was dedicated on the National Mall in 2004 .
All About Veterans ' Affairs • World War I • Arlington National Cemetery
Several Internet complaint boards are filled with comments from credit card customers from coast to coast who have noticed a mysterious charge for about 25 cents on their statements .
The charge shows up on statements as coming from " Adele Services " in Melville , N.Y .
There is no business by that name listed in Melville , or registered to any business anywhere in New York , for that matter .
Two theories of what is going on have advanced on message boards and among consumer advocates :
Someone is trying to find out whether an illegally obtained credit card number will work before making a bigger charge , or they 're trying to rip off tiny amounts from tons of people .
The latter theory has more credibility at the moment .
The Better Business Bureau in Louisville reports that , at least so far , those who have been hit with the small charge have yet to get slammed with a bigger charge .
The bureau speculates that the number of possible victims could be in the millions .
It 's not clear how the numbers got in the hands of the people making the charge , but consumer advocates say it is most likely through either a data theft or someone using a computer to generate numbers .
Former Massachusetts assistant attorney general Edgar Dworsky , who runs ConsumerWorld.org , said the scam reminded him of an old adage : " It 's easier to steal $ 1 from a million people than $ 1 million from one person , " he said .
Most people , Dworsky said , are likely to overlook or ignore the small charge .
" Is n't that the perfect scam , when the victim does n't even know something has been taken ? " he said .
Take a look at your credit card statements , and if the charge is there , do n't let it slide .
It 's what the thieves want you to do .
Instead , file a dispute with your credit card company , and lodge complaints with the Federal Trade Commission ( www.ftc.gov) and the Internet Crime Complaint Center ( www.ic3.gov) - which is run by the FBI , the National White Collar Crime Center , and the Bureau of Justice Assistance .
Federal law enforcement officials tend to react when the complaints reach a certain volume .
HAVE A CONSUMER QUESTION ?
E-mail your questions to consumer@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Victor Kiernan , professor emeritus of Modern History at Edinburgh University , was an erudite Marxist historian with wide - ranging interests that spanned virtually every continent .
His passion for history and radical politics , classical languages and world literature was evenly divided .
His interest in languages was developed at home in south Manchester .
His father worked for the Manchester Ship Canal as a translator of Spanish and Portuguese and young Victor picked these up even before getting a scholarship to Manchester Grammar School , where he learnt Greek and Latin .
His early love for Horace ( his favourite poet ) resulted in a later book .
He went on to Trinity College , Cambridge where he studied History , imbibed the prevalent anti-fascist outlook and like many others joined the British Communist Party .
Unlike some of his distinguished colleagues ( Eric Hobsbawm , Christopher Hill , Rodney Hilton , Edward Thompson ) in the Communist Party Historians Group founded in 1946 , Kiernan wrote a great deal on countries and cultures far removed from Britain and Europe .
A flavour of the man is evident from the opening paragraphs of a 1989 essay on the monarchy published in the New Left Review :
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In China an immemorial throne crumbled in 1911 ; India put its Rajas and Nawabs in the wastepaper - basket as soon as it gained independence in 1947 ; in Ethiopia the Lion of Judah has lately ceased to roar .
Monarchy survives in odd corners of Asia ; and in Japan and Britain .
In Asia sainthood has often been hereditary , and can yield a comfortable income to remote descendants of holy men ; in Europe hereditary monarchy had something of the same numinous character .
In both cases a dim sense of an invisible flow of vital forces from generation to generation , linking together the endless series , has been at work .
Very primitive feeling may lurk under civilized waistcoats .
Notions derived from age - old magic helped Europe 's ' absolute monarchs ' to convince taxpayers that a country 's entire welfare , even survival , was bound up with its God -sent ruler's .
Mughal emperors appeared daily on their balcony so that their subjects could see them and feel satisfied that all was well .
Rajput princes would ride in a daily cavalcade through their small capitals , for the same reason .
Any practical relevance of the crown to public well - being has long since vanished , but somehow in Britain the existence of a Royal Family seems to convince people in some subliminal way that everything is going to turn out all right for them ...
Things of today may have ancient roots ; on the other hand antiques are often forgeries , and Royal sentiment in Britain today is largely an artificial product .
Kiernan 's knowledge of India was first - hand .
He was there from 1938 - 46 , establishing contacts and organising study - circles with local Communists and teaching at Aitchison ( formerly Chiefs ) College , an institution created to educate the Indian nobility along the lines suggested by the late Lord Macaulay .
What the students ( mostly wooden - headed wastrels ) made of Kiernan has never been revealed , but one or two of the better ones did later embrace radical ideas .
It would be nice to think that he was responsible : it is hard to imagine who else it could have been .
The experience taught him a great deal about imperialism and in a set of stunningly well - written books he wrote a great deal on the origins and development of the American Empire , the Spanish colonisation of South America and on other European empires .
He was by now fluent in Persian and Urdu and had met Iqbal and the young Faiz , two of the greatest poets produced by Northern India .
Kiernan translated both of them into English , which played no small part in helping to enlarge their audience at a time when imperial languages were totally dominant .
His interpretation of Shakespeare is much underrated but were it put on course lists it would be a healthy antidote to the embalming .
He had married the dancer and theatrical activist Shanta Gandhi in 1938 in Bombay , but they split up before Kiernan left India in 1946 .
Almost forty years later he married Heather Massey .
When I met him soon afterwards he confessed that she had rejuvenated him intellectually .
Kiernan 's subsequent writings confirmed this view .
Throughout his life he stubbornly adhered to Marxist ideas , but without a trace of rigidity or sullenness .
He was not one to pander to the latest fashions and despised the post - modernist wave that swept the academy in the 80s and 90s , rejecting history in favour of trivia .
Angered by triumphalist mainstream commentaries proclaiming the virtues of capitalism he wrote a sharp rebuttal .
" Modern Capitalism and Its Shepherds " was published once again in the New Left Review in October 1990 :
Merchant capital , usurer capital , have been ubiquitous , but they have not by themselves brought about any decisive alteration of the world .
It is industrial capital that has led to revolutionary change , and been the highroad to a scientific technology that has transformed agriculture as well as industry , society as well as economy .
Industrial capitalism peeped out here and there before the nineteenth century , but on any considerable scale it seems to have been rejected like an alien graft , as something too unnatural to spread far .
It has been a strange aberration on the human path , an abrupt mutation .
Forces outside economic life were needed to establish it ; only very complex , exceptional conditions could engender , or keep alive , the entrepreneurial spirit .
There have always been much easier ways of making money than long - term industrial investment , the hard grind of running a factory .
J.P. Morgan preferred to sit in a back parlour on Wall Street smoking cigars and playing solitaire , while money flowed towards him .
The English , first to discover the industrial highroad , were soon deserting it for similar parlours in the City , or looking for byways , short cuts and colonial Eldorados .
The current crisis would not have surprised him at all .
Fictive capital , I can hear him saying , has no future .
Tariq Ali
Victor Gordon Kiernan , historian and writer : born Manchester 4 September 1913 ; Married 1938 Shanta Gandhi ( marriage dissolved 1946 ) , 1984 Heather Massey ; died 17 February 2009 .
Evan Halper and Patrick McGreevy
Los Angeles Times
January 17 , 2009
The state will suspend tax refunds , welfare checks , student grants and other payments owed to Californians starting Feb.
1 , Controller John Chiang announced Friday .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Chiang said he had no choice but to stop making some $ 3.7 billion in payments in the absence of action by the governor and lawmakers to close the state ’s nearly $ 42 - billion budget deficit .
More than half of those payments are tax refunds .
The controller said the suspended payments could be rolled into IOUs if California still lacks sufficient cash to pay its bills come March or April .
“ It pains me to pull this trigger , ” Chiang said at a news conference in his office .
“ But it is an action that is critically necessary . ”
The payments to be frozen include nearly $ 2 billion in tax refunds ; $ 300 million in cash grants for needy families and the elderly , blind and disabled ; and $ 13 million in grants for college students .
Even if a budget agreement is reached by the end of this month , tax refunds and other payments could remain temporarily frozen .
Chiang said a budget deal may not generate cash quickly enough to resume them immediately .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Drive - By ' War Cloning ' Attack Hacks Electronic Passports , Driver 's Licenses
Researcher demonstrates the ease of scanning and cloning new Homeland Security - issued ID cards
With a $ 250 used RFID scanner he purchased on eBay and a low - profile antenna tucked away in his car , a security researcher recently cruised the streets along Fisherman 's Wharf in San Francisco , where he captured -- and cloned -- a half - dozen electronic passports within an hour .
Chris Paget , who will demonstrate the privacy risks with these IDs at the Shmoocon hacker confab later this week in Washington , D.C. , coined this newest RFID attack " war cloning " given its similarity to war - driving , or wireless sniffing .
" War cloning -- it 's the new hacker sport , " he says .
The security weaknesses of the EPC Gen 2 RFID tags , which lack encryption and true authentication , have been well - known and of concern to privacy advocates for some time .
These tags are being used in the new wallet - sized passport cards that the U.S. Department of Homeland Security offers under the new Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative for travel to and from Western Hemisphere countries .
The e-cards are aimed at simplifying and speeding up the border - crossing process , providing U.S. Customs and border agents with information on the individual as he or she queues up to inspection booths at the border .
Until now , security researchers for the most part have shied way from hacking away at the new e-passport cards and e-driver 's licenses to illustrate the potential privacy problems because the necessary scanners are expensive -- nearly $ 3,000 new -- and tough to get .
" I found a way to procure equipment on the cheap and repair it and make it do exactly what I wanted it to do , " Paget says .
Unlike previous RFID hacks that have been conducted within inches of the targeted ID , Paget 's hack can scan RFID tags from 20 feet away .
" This is a vicinity versus proximity read , " he says .
" The passport card is a real radio broadcast , so there 's no real limit to the read range .
It 's conceivable that these things can be tracked from 100 meters -- a couple of miles . "
Paget says he was able to drive his car at 30 miles per hour and capture an RFID tag in a matter of seconds .
" The software for [ copying them ] lets you just choose the tag you want to copy , wave a blank tag in front of it , and it writes it out , " he says .
The only protections these RFID tags include is one code that makes the tag read - only , and another that makes it self - destruct .
But there are multiple ways to recover those codes , so they are basically ineffective , he says .
" This is just simply the wrong technology , " says Paget , who conducted the RFID research independently .
" My goal is to inform people about the risks with these things and how much impact it could have on your personal privacy and security if you do n't keep [ these IDs ] in a protective wallet or if you carry it on your person . "
Paget says the RFID chip technology found in traditional passport books , however , is better because it has encryption and authentication features .
He suggests the federal government replace the e-passport card 's RFID chips with the RFID chips used in the passport books .
For his Shmoocon presentation , Paget will borrow his boss ' e-passport card and clone it on - stage .
" If anyone else has one they want copied , I can absolutely do that as well , " says Paget , who is the technical lead for research and testing in information security at eBay .
He also plans to borrow a friend 's car and do a little war - driving in the nation 's capital .
Have a comment on this story ?
Please click " Discuss " below .
If you 'd like to contact Dark Reading 's editors directly , send us a message Kelly Jackson Higgins is the Executive Editor of Dark Reading .
She is an award - winning veteran technology and business journalist with more than two decades of experience in reporting and editing for various publications , including Network Computing , Secure Enterprise ... View Full Bio
HIV , the virus that causes AIDS , is one of the fastest - evolving entities known .
That ’s why no one has yet been able to come up with a vaccine :
The virus mutates so rapidly that what works today in one person may not work tomorrow or in others .
A study published Wednesday in the journal Nature confirms that dizzying pace of evolution on a global scale .
“ It ’s very clear there ’s a battle going on between humans and this virus , and the virus is evolving to become unrecognized by the immune system , ” said Dr. Bruce Walker , one of the researchers and director of the Ragon Institute , at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston .
“ It does make clear what a huge challenge making a vaccine is . ”
HIV evolves to escape the immune system , much in the same way that bacteria mutate under pressure by antibiotics , Walker said .
Advertisement
Researchers looked at HIV genetic sequences in the United Kingdom , South Africa , Botswana , Australia , Canada and Japan to see how they evolved in response to a key set of molecules in the human immune system , called human leukocyte antigens .
These molecules direct the immune system to recognize and kill HIV and other infectious diseases .
Genes that encode human leukocyte antigens vary among humans , and even small differences can dramatically affect a person ’s response to HIV infection .
For example , an adult infected with HIV will survive on average about 10 years without anti-HIV drugs before developing acquired immune deficiency syndrome .
But some people will progress to AIDS within a year , and others can survive without treatment for 20 years .
The study published online Wednesday found that mutations occurred not just in individuals but on a population level .
That is , if a particular genetic immune sequence was common in a population , the HIV mutation that evolved to escape it became the most common strain of HIV , even in those without that particular human leukocyte antigen gene .
“ What this study does is give an explanation for why there are different HIV strains in different parts of the world , ” Walker said .
“ The genetic makeup of people in different regions is influencing the virus in specific ways . ”
Advertisement
This would appear to be bad news for the director of the newly opened Ragon Institute of MGH , MIT and Harvard , which was founded to develop vaccines for HIV and other infectious diseases .
But Walker saw the results as hopeful .
He said that mutations can actually make the virus less fit -- that is , unable to replicate as quickly or do as much damage .
His challenge is to find what kind of pressure results in this kind of mutation .
Researchers from the Ragon Institute , Oxford University in England , Kumamoto University in Japan , and Royal Perth Hospital and Murdoch University in Australia analyzed the genetic sequences of HIV and human leukocyte antigen genes in 2,800 people total .
--
Advertisement
mary.engel@latimes.com
” from British directorwon leading seven prizes at the British Academy Film Awards including best film and director honors at London ’s Royal Opera House .
“ Slumdog ” also won prizes for best original screenplay , music , cinematography , editing and sound .
“ Slumdog Millionaire ” now bounds into the Kodak Theater for the Academy Awards boosted by major wins at the DGA , PGA , SAG , WGA and Golden Globes .
The movie went into the race with , ” which won three .
Mickey Rourke poses after winning the award for Leading Actor for “ The Wrestler ” during the 2009 BAFTA ( British Academy of Film and Television Arts ) awards ceremony at the Royal Opera House in London February 8 , 2009 .
BEST FILM
OUTSTANDING BRITISH FILM
LEADING ACTOR
LEADING ACTRESS
SUPPORTING ACTOR
SUPPORTING ACTRESS
DIRECTOR
ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY
ADAPTED SCREENPLAY
FILM NOT IN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE
THE CARL FOREMAN AWARD FOR SPECIAL ACHIEVEMENT BY A BRITISH DIRECTOR , WRITER OR PRODUCER FOR THEIR FIRST FEATURE FILM
ANIMATED FILM
MUSIC
CINEMATOGRAPHY
EDITING
PRODUCTION DESIGN
COSTUME DESIGN
MAKE UP & HAIR
SOUND
SPECIAL VISUAL EFFECTS
SHORT ANIMATION
SHORT FILM
ACADEMY FELLOWSHIP
OUTSTANDING BRITISH CONTRIBUTION
TO CINEMA
Actor honors went tofor role in “ , ” who thankedfor the second chance “ after fucking up my career for 15 years ” in his speech .
“ It ’s such a pleasure to be back here , out of the darkness , ” said Rourke.won BAFTA gold for role in “ .” won a posthumous supporting actor award for “ . ” ( “ ” ) triumphed in the supporting actress section .
The original screenplay award was presented tofor “ . ”
The Carl Foreman award for special achievement by a British director , writer or producer went tofor “ . ”
In other awards , “ ” won the animated film BAFTA , period drama “ ” won costume design and the BAFTA for outstanding British film this year went to documentary “ . ”
The trophy for best non-English - language movie went to French drama “ . ”
There were no wins for multi-nominated “ ” ( eight ) , “ ” ( six ) , “ Milk ” ( four ) and “ ” ( four ) . ” – Christian Colson ” – Simon Chinn / James Marsh– “ The Wrestler ” – “ The Reader ” – “ The Dark Knight ” – “ Vicky Cristina Barcelona ” “ Slumdog Millionaire ” – “ In Bruges ” – “ Slumdog Millionaire ” – ” – Yves Marmion / Philippe Claudel , director / writer – “ Hunger ” ” – Andrew Stanton “ Slumdog Millionaire ” – “ Slumdog Millionaire ” – “ Slumdog Millionaire ” –“ The Curious Case of Benjamin Button ” –“ The Duchess ” –“ The Curious Case of Benjamin Button ” – Jean Black / Colleen Callaghan “ Slumdog Millionaire ” –“ The Curious Case of Benjamin Button ” – ” – Steve Pegram / Nick Park / Bob Baker ” – Stewart Le Maréchal / Esther May Campbell
In my last column , I suggested that the election has forced activists to shift their strategy on campus .
Lucha , a group usually associated with the struggle for immigrant rights , has decided to focus on health care this semester .
In the coming months , Lucha will do outreach on the subways focusing on our health care system , will host a screening of Michael Moore 's Sicko , and will also hold a community health fair , with free screenings , medical services , and information about how to get politically involved in the struggle for single - payer national health care for members of the Harlem and Washington Heights neighborhoods .
Single - payer health care would eliminate the insurance industry and replace it with a single , tax - supported fund that would cover all medical expenses , from medicine , to hospital stays , to MRI scans .
In the history of the struggle for health care as a human right , we have reached an important juncture at which real advances may be realized .
In many ways , it is remarkable that activists in the United States are still forced to fight for this major reform .
National health care programs were first instituted by Otto von Bismarck in imperial Germany in 1883 .
Faced with the rising power of the German socialist party , Bismarck conceded certain social demands in the hope of co-opting the political power of the left .
Following World War II , national health care insurance spread across Europe .
Socialist and labor parties rose to power after the war , able to appeal to strong feelings of patriotic collective responsibility .
Similar attempts were made in the United States following WWII .
Former President Harry Truman 's often forgotten Fair Deal was the first major attempt to implement a national health insurance program in the United States .
In his message to Congress on Nov. 19 , 1945 , Truman asked members to support his Economic Bill of Rights which included the " right to adequate medical care and the opportunity to achieve and enjoy good health . "
The principal problem Truman urged was that for both " needy persons " and " a large proportion of normally self - supporting " workers , the costs of health care were too high .
The coalition that arose to defeat Truman 's proposals was led by the American Medical Association , which according to Jill Quadagno , author of One Nation , Uninsured , converted its local branches into a political machine to attack Democrats who supported national health care , defeating six senators in 1950 .
Marshalling Cold War rhetoric of " creeping socialism , " the AMA along with the conservative Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers defeated the proposals , decisively closing the window of opportunity for the establishment of single - payer health care .
Fateful compromises by the labor movement also undermined national health care .
American workers were led down the path to what historian Nelson Lichtenstein calls the " private welfare state . "
First , John Lewis of the United Mine Workers , disenchanted with federal programs after hostile interventions in several strikes , negotiated an employer - paid health program , and vocally opposed national health insurance .
The United Steelworkers and the United Auto Workers followed suit , reflecting a lurch to the right , as organized labor purged its radical roots and came to tow the line of Cold War anti-Communism .
Yet notably absent from the opposition was the insurance industry , which at mid-century covered less than five percent of Americans , and had not yet emerged as a major lobbying force .
This remained largely true in 1965 , when Medicare was passed as part of Lyndon Johnson 's Great Society initiative .
The AMA again led the charge against reform , forcing the federal program to operate through private channels , a great boon to the insurance industry .
Thus , in the next 30 years , in part through federal patronage , the insurance sector would grow to become a monstrous power in American politics .
When former President Bill Clinton proposed a plan including universal coverage in 1992 , he had to contend with a potent adversary : the insurance lobby .
The Health Insurance Association of America spent 15 million dollars on a broad advertising campaign , insurance companies increased their campaign donations to members of the House Committee on Ways and Means and the Senate Finance Committee .
In sum , over $ 100 million was spent to defeat Clinton 's proposals .
Their propaganda worked .
While universal coverage initially drew 59 percent support from Americans , after a year of relentless attacks and misinformation , support had declined to 44 percent .
It is clear that many Americans are again ready for a major change ; more than three - quarters believe that the current system based on private employer - based insurance is failing and that the health care system needs to be fundamentally rebuilt .
Some form of " health care reform " will be enacted , but there is great danger that pressures from the insurance industry and other business groups will dilute the measure , transforming it into an additional federal subsidy for an already bloated insurance industry .
Health care is a human right , and activists on the left and in the labor movement are returning to rally around the principles defeated in the 1940s .
The tragedy is that the detour through the " private welfare state " forces us to now confront the powerful sectors that profit disgustingly from our broken system .
Yet there are signs of other forces emerging .
Many corporate elites are realizing that the inefficiencies of our private system are a hindrance in a competitive global market .
Paul Menzel and Donald Light have recently argued that state - supported universal care is necessary to protect the conservative values , and more pressingly , in a " global competitive environment , companies like Nokia , Toyota , and Siemens , for example , enjoy a significant competitive advantage over their American competitors , Motorola , Ford , and GE . "
To protect the continued competitiveness of U.S. corporations , the interests of capitalist accumulation in general may triumph over the narrow interests of the insurance industry .
The experience of the past 60 years should make it clear that compromise with private insurance creates more problems than it solves , and that although we face powerful adversaries , there are also signs that the current moment might reveal real opportunities to achieve a lasting victory for workers , for freedom , and for the triumph of democratic choice over narrow corporate interests .
It is time we abandon our costly , inefficient , ethically repugnant , profit - driven health system and enact single - payer national health care .
Rudi Batzell is a Columbia College senior majoring in history and sociology .
He is an editor for El Participante .
History and Politics runs alternate Wednesdays . Opinion@columbiaspectator.com
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 20/2/2009 ( 4240 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
OTTAWA - Canada 's inflation rate continued to slide toward zero last month as falling oil prices and waning consumer demand in the face of recession fears drove many prices lower , though food costs rose .
The annual inflation rate edged one - tenth of a point lower to 1.1 per cent in January bringing the rate to the lowest in two years .
But measured on a month - to - month basis , prices actually fell 0.3 per cent from December , the fourth straight month in which prices have dropped .
' Inflation is now about as menacing to Canada as Luxembourg 's navy , " said the Bank of Montreal 's deputy chief economist Douglas Porter .
' With the economic downturn gathering force and commodity prices still reeling , inflation is poised to move decisively lower in the months ahead .
A temporary dip into negative inflation readings looms in the spring . "
In December , Bank of Canada governor Mark Carney called the chances of deflation " remote , " although he said prices are likely to contract temporarily in the second and third quarter of this year .
Porter said the risk of deflation - defined as a widespread and prolonged period of price drops - has risen somewhat because the global economy continues to weaken .
But he agreed that deflation remains " unlikely , " in part due to the lower Canada dollar making the cost of imports higher .
If there was a deflationary concern in the January report , it was that core inflation , which excludes volatile energy and many food prices , dipped half a point to 1.9 per cent .
But even there , Scotia Capital economist Derek Holt cautioned against getting " too carried away " since the sharp decline was narrowly confined on lower car prices .
' That said , a faster than expected deterioration in the economy and growing evidence that inflation is a dead issue should cement a 50 - basis - point ( half a percentage point ) cut by the Bank of Canada on March 3rd , " he added .
That would bring the central bank 's trendsetting short - term interest rate to a record low 0.5 per cent .
While high inflation is regarded as undesirable , economists also fear that deflation can cause consumers and businesses to postpone spending in expectations of lower prices in the future , resulting in even slower economic growth .
Porter pointed to the ongoing difficulties in Japan , which first fell into a deflationary spiral in the 1990s , as an example how an extended period of falling prices can undermine an economy .
' Once it gets entrenched its very hard to get out of it because the mentality sets in that there 's just no reason to go buy things since prices are just going to fall tomorrow , " he explained .
The rising cost of food , up 7.3 per cent year over year , is now the key impediment to Canada 's inflation rate falling to zero .
Excluding food , inflation is already there at negative 0.2 per cent .
Even so , three provinces - Prince Edward Island , Nova Scotia and New Brunswick - experienced negative inflation in January .
Although gasoline prices rose slightly in January from the previous month , they remain a key driver of low annual inflation and remain 23.5 per cent lower than 12 months ago .
As well , transportation costs fell 7.5 per cent on an annual basis , purchasing or leasing a vehicle was 8.2 per cent lower than a year ago , and the price of clothing and footwear slipped 0.4 per cent .
But food continues to get more expensive as higher transportation and energy costs year over year raise cost pressures for food producers .
Statistics Canada said food costs rose 7.3 per cent overall , with the cost of purchasing food at grocery stores rising by 8.6 per cent .
Especially expensive were prices for fresh vegetables , up 19.9 per cent from a year ago , and bakery and cereal , up 10.5 per cent .
The agency noted , however , that the increases were less than registered in December .
Other items to experience increases last month were car insurance premiums , natural gas , and shelter and mortgage interest costs .
Regionally , inflation was lowest in the Maritime provinces and highest in Saskatchewan , where it stood at 2.4 per cent .
- The annual inflation rate was 1.1 per cent in January , says Statistics Canada .
Here 's what happened in the provinces and territories .
( Previous month in brackets ) :
- Newfoundland and Labrador 0.9 ( 1.2 )
- Prince Edward Island - 0.1 ( 0.0 )
- Nova Scotia - 0.1 ( - 0.2 )
- New Brunswick - 0.5 ( - 0.6 )
- Quebec 0.5 ( 0.5 )
- Ontario 1.4 ( 1.5 )
- Manitoba 1.4 ( 1.9 )
- Saskatchewan 2.4 ( 2.6 )
- Alberta 1.2 ( 1.9 )
- British Columbia 1.4 ( 1.2 )
- Whitehorse , Yukon 2.4 ( 3.0 )
- Yellowknife , N.W.T. 2.7 ( 3.1 )
- Iqaluit , Nunavut 3.3 ( 3.4 )
The annual inflation rate was 1.1 per cent in January , says Statistics Canada .
The agency also released rates for major cities , but cautioned that figures may fluctuate widely because they are based on small statistical samples ( Previous month in brackets ) :
- St. John's , N.L. , 1.3 ( 1.6 )
- Charlottetown - Summerside , 0.2 ( 0.2 )
- Halifax , 0.2 ( 0.2 )
- Saint John , N.B. , - 0.3 ( - 0.7 )
- Quebec , 0.5 ( 0.5 )
- Montreal 0.8 ( 0.7 )
- Ottawa 1.7 ( 1.7 )
- Toronto 1.6 ( 1.7 )
- Thunder Bay , Ont. , 1.5 ( 1.9 )
- Winnipeg , 1.4 ( 2.0 )
- Regina 2.9 ( 3.0 )
- Saskatoon 2.4 ( 2.5 )
- Edmonton 1.4 ( 2.0 )
- Calgary 1.5 ( 1.5 )
- Vancouver 1.6 ( 1.3 )
- Victoria 1.5 ( 1.2 )
Telenor Group , the Norway based communications , IT and media company , has signed a deal to bring the Apple iPhone Scandinavia .
The deal , announced today , will see the iPhone available in Sweden , Denmark and Norway in the coming months .
Telenor Group provides voice , data , content and other communication services in 13 countries across Europe and Asia .
The company claims 164 million subscribers , currently ranked as the seventh largest carrier in the world .
More details , Telenor said , would be announced shortly .
Telia , a leading mobile telephone operator in Sweden already offers the iPhone in some parts of Scandinavia .
Macworld and Truphone have a brand new MacBook to give away .
Click here to be in with a chance of winning .
Be the first to hear about the latest Mac news with Macworld Mainline , our FREE Mac newsletter .
Click here to sign up and get news reports direct to your inbox .
Citigroup is in deep trouble .
Its share price is $ 1.95 and the market is recognizing what I said a year ago : " Citigroup Is Insolvent " .
Of course it is not just Citigroup that is insolvent , the entire global banking system is insolvent .
Nonetheless , Citigroup pretends otherwise .
Inquiring minds are reading Citi presses officials to take 40 % stake .
Citigroup is pressing the US government to agree on a new capital injection that would increase the authorities ’ stake in the troubled bank to about 40 per cent but stop short of an outright nationalisation .
People close to the situation said Citi executives had been in discussions with regulators during at the weekend over a plan that would enable the government and other shareholders to convert up to $ 75bn of preferred shares into common stock .
According to its proponents , the injection of common stock would bolster Citi ’s capital base while at the same time allaying market fears of a nationalisation .
Under the plan , first revealed by the Financial Times last week , Citi could also try to raise fresh equity with a public share offering .
The aim would be to keep the government stake to no more than 40 per cent or at least below 50 per cent , said people familiar with the plan .
People familiar with the plan said it would hinge on the price at which the government and other shareholders , which include sovereign wealth funds and Prince Al Waleed , convert their shares as well as how many of its $ 45 bn - worth of shares the government converts .
Top Government Officials – who are trying to establish seeking a want a more strategic and less ad hoc response to the crisis – were and are anxious to avoid if possible the type of Sunday night crisis announcement that became a staple for Hank Paulson for ’s crisis management at the Treasury last year .
The Treasury said secretary Tim Geithner would “ preserve a financial system that is owned and managed by the private sector ” .
Citigroup Is A Black Hole
Tim Geithner 's Brain Is A Back Hole
Not only is Citigroup a black hole from which no taxpayer dollars can escape , but Geithner 's brain is a black hole from which no intelligent thought can escape .
The White House on Friday insisted it 's not trying to take over two ailing financial institutions , even as stocks tumbled again .
On Wall Street , talk of nationalization of Citigroup Inc. , and Bank of America Corp. , prompted investors to continue to balk , worried that the government would have to take control and wipe out shareholders in the process .
Another amazing near miss at a train crossing .
1 of 1 2 of 1
Where the waters of Caamano Sound squeeze into Whale Channel , four humpback whales circle in slow , languorous patterns .
The whales dive , and the water above returns to calm save for a few wind ripples .
Suddenly a single whale reemerges in a burst of bubbling water , mouth agape , its great baleen plates exposed and scooping up a massive mouthful of krill and small fish .
The sight of these massive mammals — which can weigh more than 40 tonnes — deftly corralling schools of tiny fish is truly astounding .
Scientists call this spectacle “ bubble net feeding ” , and it ’s not by accident that humpback , finback , and minke whales , along with Dall ’s and harbour porpoises , orcas , and Pacific white - sided dolphins , congregate here : there is abundant food and a relatively hospitable environment for wildlife .
Caamano Sound is a universe away from the office towers of Edmonton , but these disparate locations are now inextricably linked by plans for the so - called Northern Gateway pipeline , which will connect Alberta with Kitimat on B.C. ’s central coast .
And you ca n’t talk about pipelines without discussing oil tankers plying some of the province ’s most ecologically rich and diverse waters as they make their way from open ocean into Caamano Sound , around Gil Island , where B.C. Ferries ’ Queen of the North foundered in 2006 , and northeast up Douglas Channel to the port at Kitimat .
Marven Robinson is a wildlife guide and a band councillor with the Gitga ’at First Nation in Hartley Bay , a small village at the mouth of Douglas Channel .
He knows his way around the reaches , sounds , and narrows of this part of the coast like a taxi driver knows the city , and oil tankers cutting through the heart of Gitga ’at territory do n’t exactly square well with his vision of the future .
“ With what happened to the Queen of the North , that was just a small spill and there ’s still fuel leaking up from that , ” Robinson says .
“ We ’re being really careful about what we say publicly right now because we have n’t even met with the proponents yet . ”
If the volatile economics of oil and environmental approvals fall into place , Calgary - based Enbridge Inc. hopes to construct 1,200 - kilometre twin pipelines linking the oil fields of northern Alberta with the deep - water port at Kitimat .
A westbound pipeline , about a metre in diameter , would carry 525,000 barrels of oil daily , and a 50 - centimetre - wide eastbound line would daily transmit 193,000 barrels of condensate , a petroleum byproduct used to thin crude oil for transport and piping .
By selling 10 units at $ 10 million each , and giving buyers preferential treatment in booking capacity on the future pipeline , Enbridge has already raised $ 100 million from heavyweight Asian refiners and Canadian producers to help bring the project to regulatory approval .
The subplot to this story is that major oil - sands players like Suncor , Husky , Shell , and Petro - Canada desperately want the pipeline to access Asian markets as a cushion against threats from the nascent Barack Obama administration to wean the U.S. off its reliance on dirty oil - sands fuel .
Enbridge expects this $ 4 - billion - plus project to create some 4,000 construction jobs as it crosses the traditional territories of at least 40 different First Nations bands in B.C. and Alberta .
The company is promising state - of - the - art shipping protocols , with double - hulled vessels , radar - monitoring stations , pilot supertugs , and first - response emergency stations located in Kitimat and communities like Hartley Bay .
Throughout the fall , Steve Greenaway , vice president of Enbridge Northern Gateway Pipelines — a general partner of Enbridge Inc.—led a series of open houses in communities along the pipeline route .
Barring any major roadblocks , Greenaway says , Enbridge plans to file for regulatory approval by mid-2009 , kicking off an estimated two - year environmental review to be carried out jointly by the Canadian Environmental Assessment Agency and the National Energy Board .
At the earliest , construction could begin in 2011 or 2012 .
However , over the past two years there has been furious debate about the validity of an ambiguous federal government statement dating back to the early 1970s that refers to a moratorium on oil - tanker traffic along the B.C. coast .
As far as Greenaway is concerned , though , the moratorium is not an issue .
“ If there was a moratorium that was in any way enforceable , I ’d suspect that the David Suzuki Foundation or the people at Dogwood [ Initiative ] would have pursued this in court , ” Greenaway says .
“ As a British Columbian , I understand people ’s concerns , but we feel that our safety systems will be as good as anything in the world . ”
When it comes to provincial and federal government support , Greenaway has good reason to be optimistic about Northern Gateway ’s prospects .
The pipeline fits neatly within the B.C. Liberals ’ energy game plan , which could have not only pipelines linking the coast to Alberta but also drilling rigs in Hecate Strait east of the Queen Charlotte Islands , an activity that has been off - limits for more than 30 years because of federal and provincial moratoriums on offshore oil and gas exploration and development .
That ’s why in the B.C. Energy Plan , the government promises to work “ to lift the federal moratorium on offshore exploration and development and reiterate the intention to simultaneously lift the provincial moratorium ” .
In a strange twist , former provincial NDP leader and cabinet minister Dan Miller has emerged as one of the most vocal cheerleaders for offshore oil exploration .
Although high investment costs , uncertainty about proven reserves , and environmental issues will likely keep offshore oil and gas exploration on the shelf for some time , pipelines to the north coast are a very real possibility .
Near the bottom of a 2008 throne speech dripping with sustainability rhetoric , Premier Gordon Campbell made references to an “ energy corridor ” that will be a boon to the northern economy .
Kitimat LNG Inc. , which has received both federal and provincial approval for its liquid - natural - gas port facility , received a major boost recently when Mitsubishi Corporation signed an agreement to purchase 1.5 million tonnes per year of terminal capacity and to acquire a minority interest in the project .
The deal is expected to be finalized by the end of March this year .
There have also been a slew of pipeline proposals , including those by Pacific Trail Pipelines , Pembina Pipeline , and Kinder Morgan Inc .
Enbridge , though , appears closest to breaking ground .
In an enthusiastic August 2005 letter to Enbridge , Richard Neufeld , then minister of energy , mines , and petroleum resources , endorsed the pipeline and discounted the moratorium .
Neufeld wrote that it “ is not directed at , and has no application to oil tankers sailing to or from British Columbia ports ” , referring instead to a so - called tanker exclusionary zone that targets only ships from Alaska transiting B.C. waters while bound for the U.S. ( Neufeld , who is leaving provincial politics this spring to take a seat in the Senate , refused to respond to requests from the Georgia Straight for an interview . )
The federal government mouths a similar line , but a former minister of natural resources , Gary Lunn , preferred to duck hard questions about the tanker moratorium .
After the last federal election , Lunn was removed from the ministry and replaced by Toronto MP Lisa Raitt , a lawyer and former CEO of the Toronto Port Authority .
Environmentalists can take little comfort in her nomination .
At an October 6 Oakville , Ontario , chamber of commerce meeting , Raitt was on record cheering about the possibilities of increased tourism and shipping opportunities in the North , thanks to the melting polar ice cap .
She is also known for her combative relationship in the past with a citizens ’ group called Community Air , against which she launched a lawsuit in 2006 for its criticism of the port authority .
Like her predecessor , Lunn , neither Raitt nor her communications staff returned calls from the Straight .
Although governments prefer to dance around the prickly moratorium question , conservation groups , many First Nations , and other critics say the reasons for a moratorium still stand : simply that tanker traffic and oil spills pose a serious threat to the B.C. coast .
Since 2006 , ocean tankers have been quietly sailing into Kitimat ’s port laden with as many as 350,000 barrels each of condensate , bound by railcar for EnCana Corporation ’s operations in Alberta .
Northern Gateway ’s Greenaway sees this as proof positive that tankers can travel safely into Douglas Channel .
But Eric Swanson , corporate campaigner for the Dogwood Initiative , a B.C. land - reform organization , says such shipping traffic is in blatant defiance of what the public wants — a rock - solid moratorium on tanker traffic in B.C. ’s inside waters .
Swanson is not surprised that politicians would prefer to sidestep the tanker - traffic issue rather than address it head - on — it ’s a potential political time bomb .
According to a poll conducted by the public - opinion research firm Synovate , a majority of British Columbians polled across the political spectrum desire an outright ban on oil - tanker traffic along the coast .
“ The problem is that the moratorium was issued as a policy statement but it was never written down .
What is clear is that there is a huge appetite for a crystal - clear ban on oil tankers .
Seventy - two percent of B.C. residents support it , and that ’s what we ’re looking for , ” Swanson says .
Ian McAllister , executive director of the nonprofit Pacific Wild , believes the distinction between the so - called tanker exclusionary zone and a tanker moratorium is moot .
“ If the issue is protecting the coastline of British Columbia , then what ’s the difference between tankers coming from Alaska and tankers going into Kitimat ?
It ’s ridiculous . ”
And when Alaska and oil tankers are mentioned in the same sentence , the Exxon Valdez immediately comes to mind .
This 1989 disaster dumped 49.5 million litres of crude oil into Prince William Sound , killing an estimated 250,000 seabirds , 22 orcas , and untold numbers of fish and other marine organisms .
By most conservative measures , Caamano Sound poses a much greater navigational challenge than the Alaskan sound that has been relegated to its place in history as the site of one of the worst oil - spill disasters on record .
At the time , U.S. coast guard admiral Paul Yost said the 16 - kilometre - wide accident site in Prince William Sound “ was not a treacherous area ” and “ Children could drive a tanker through it . ”
“ If supertankers move around this coast , it ’s not a matter of if but when a major disaster on the scale of Exxon Valdez would happen , ” says Kevin Smith , whose company , Maple Leaf Adventures , takes tourists on wildlife - viewing trips in the central coast ’s Great Bear Rainforest and frequently sails the proposed tanker route .
“ Big oil has millions of dollars to lobby government .
Sadly , our burgeoning conservation economy on the coast does n’t have that ability . ”
Rob Williams , a marine researcher from the University of British Columbia , agrees that the prospect of an oil spill in an area as biologically diverse as Caamano Sound is unpalatable .
“ Oil tankers pose a lot of threats to marine mammals , including noise , oil spills , and ship strikes .
We do n’t exactly know why this area is so rich , but there are some long , narrow channels that serve as bottlenecks for food , making it easier for whales to feed , ” Williams says .
The researcher has been using acoustic monitors to gauge the level of underwater shipping noise , known to have an impact on the ability of toothed mammals , such as orcas and dolphins , to use echolocation for finding food .
“ Caamano Sound may be one of the last chances we have on this coastline to protect an acoustically quiet sanctuary for whales . ”
While environmentalists and scientists ponder a B.C. coastline with regular oil - tanker traffic , Enbridge faces an equally tough sales job as it tries to win support for its fossil - fuel superhighway across north - central B.C. Enbridge can count on support from the mayors of Prince George , Prince Rupert , and Kitimat , who have been boosting the project and its promise of jobs and tax dollars in their cities .
Conversely , Nathan Cullen , NDP MP for Skeena–Bulkley Valley , has serious reservations about a pipeline linking northern Alberta ’s dirty oil sands with the B.C. coast , and he remains highly skeptical about Northern Gateway ’s economic benefit .
There will be short - term jobs in pipeline construction , Cullen admits .
He says , though , that over the long haul , B.C. communities in the Interior and along the coast will shoulder the burden of environmental risk from spills — whether it be in fish - bearing streams or the marine environment — and they will not share in the profits that will accrue to the head offices of Enbridge in Calgary and firms like Syncrude and Shell .
“ We approach projects on a risk - benefit basis , and I do n’t think the case has been made that the risks are worth the benefit , ” Cullen says on the phone from Ottawa .
“ The Conservatives ’ approach is ” ˜See no evil , hear no evil , and open up the oil corridor . ’
This project is connected to the hyperdevelopment of the tar sands , and in the end we ’re talking about 40 or 50 jobs that would be created by the pipeline .
That ’s your average Canadian Tire . ”
Glenda Ferris is one citizen counting herself among those who have more to lose than gain .
The proposed pipeline route passes within five kilometres of her rural property on Buck Flats Road west of Houston .
She credits Enbridge representatives for making the effort to travel to the end of Buck Flats Road to meet with residents in November , but she says the meeting left her with more questions than answers .
In her opinion , the open houses being held by Enbridge are more about fancy graphics and public relations than about incorporating citizen concerns into the ultimate design and routing of the pipeline .
“ There are all kinds of questions about the potential of spills that they could n’t or would n’t answer , ” Ferris says .
“ It looks like someone just took out a map and drew a line between point A and point B .
You have thousands of kilometres out there , and they put it right down the middle of our valley .
We do n’t want a pipeline here and do n’t want tankers on the coast , but there ’s a feeling that it ’s almost a done deal .
We ’re frustrated . ”
Buck Flats
Road is just one back - yard brushfire that Enbridge may have to contend with .
The proposed pipeline route crosses the territories of dozens of First Nations , each with specific concerns and wants , and smart companies know that it ’s no longer acceptable to simply pay lip service to Native concerns .
So does government .
A landmark 2004 decision by the Supreme Court of Canada , in the case of Haida Nation v. British Columbia and Weyerhaeuser , explicitly states that the Crown must consult with and accommodate First Nations even when questions of aboriginal rights and title have not been resolved .
This means , at best , that the proposal could get bogged down in protracted band - by - band negotiations and , at worst , that it could end up in the Canadian court system .
The Haisla First Nation , under the leadership of Chief Steve Wilson , is tentatively in support of Northern Gateway and stands to benefit greatly from the development of port facilities in Kitimat .
Enbridge has already signed a number of protocol agreements with individual First Nations along the pipeline route — including the Yekooche First Nation and the Nee - Tahi - Buhn band near Burns Lake — that come with attached funds , ostensibly to enable First Nations to hire their own consultants , and arrive at an informed decision about the pipeline .
Chief Ray Morris says Enbridge has offered the Nee - Tahi - Buhn $ 110,000 in capacity - building funds as well as a chance to purchase equity in the project .
Tanker noise can disrupt marine mammals ’ food - gathering .
Ian McAllister photo .
“ Our band is very familiar with pipelines .
There have been so many proposals , ” Morris says on the phone , adding that his band will support the project only if it translates into future revenue for members .
The mood is n’t nearly as accommodating elsewhere .
The Council of Haida Nations is on record as saying it will never support tanker traffic in its waters .
In an October 14 , 2008 , letter to Enbridge , Fraser Lake ’s Nadleh
Whut ’en band expressed “ significant concerns over the proposed pipelines and their environmental and socio- economic impacts ” and ordered Enbridge employees and consultants to stay out of the band ’s territory until a formal agreement is in place .
This sentiment was echoed at the offices of the Carrier Sekani Tribal Council in Prince George .
Tribal Chief David Luggi represents eight bands in the region and views protocol agreements as an effort by Enbridge to purchase First Nations support for Northern Gateway .
The proposed pipeline will cross the Stuart River , a major salmon system in Carrier Sekani territory , and member First Nations are rejecting the federal and provincial environmental review processes .
In their place , Luggi says , the Carrier Sekani want a novel First Nations review that would be funded by government and use independent science and traditional knowledge to assess the impacts of the project on the environment , cultural heritage , and aboriginal rights and title .
It would also allow adequate time and funds to fully engage and educate aboriginal communities and would delay a decision until “ accommodations of infringements of aboriginal rights and title has taken place ” .
“ The B.C. –federal review process is focused on ensuring proper process rather than the substance of the project , ” Luggi says .
“ The First Nations review - process framework would be applied to all new development proposals and not be restricted to the Enbridge proposal .
We wo n’t participate in reviews if the funds are tied to any existing programs . ”
The Carrier Sekani proposal was formally endorsed by other bands at a First Nations summit held in Vancouver last November .
According to Luggi , the current process is tantamount to the project proponent trying to purchase First Nations support one band at a time .
Northern Gateway ’s Greenaway denies that Enbridge is attempting to buy off Natives through protocol agreements .
If the Carrier Sekani people disagree with the environmental - review process , he says , that ’s a matter between them and government .
He says he believes Enbridge is being as proactive as it can be in engaging community groups and First Nations well in advance of the official review process .
“ The protocol agreements come with funding to allow First Nations to build capacity , ” Greenaway says .
“ We are also offering opportunities for joint ventures and to become equity partners .
These are still early days , and there ’s a lot of work to be done . ”
Despite gloomy economic circumstances that have caused capital to flee the oil sands , with projects that would have represented more than one million barrels of oil per day either postponed or cancelled since last December , Greenaway assures that Enbridge ’s backers are thinking about the long term and remain committed to the project .
In Caamano Sound , the humpbacks and orcas are still feeding .
Hartley Bay councillor Marven Robinson fears that oil tankers several football fields long plying the same waters as the myriad species that still thrive in traditional Gitga ’at territory could become British Columbia ’s oil - spill shame in the future .
He ’s also concerned that this energy - corridor juggernaut of pipelines and oil tankers is already a done deal in the minds of many politicians and oil - patch executives .
“ Everybody around here is feeling that even if we say something against it , it ’s going to go ahead anyways , ” Robinson says .
I 've mentioned many times on The Simple Dollar that I figured out how to brew beer at home , and just as many times , readers have requested a walkthrough of this process along with some cost analyses .
Recently , I made a batch of porter and took some photographs along the way to illustrate the process .
Let 's dig in !
Beer Brewing Equipment
If your goal is simply to brew a batch of beer and consume it in one sitting with a group of friends , all you need is a brewing bucket , a bubbler , and a siphon hose , depicted below .
These supplies are available at any home brewing store .
When you mix up a batch of beer , it needs to ferment for a week or two , and this bucket makes it quite easy .
You simply put your unfermented beer in the bucket , put the bubbler in the little hole on top of the bucket ( the bubbler allows gas to escape without contaminating the beer ) , and let it sit .
When you 're ready to drink the beer , just open the spigot and drink a glass - the hose can make it easier to pour .
Most home brewers tend to want to bottle their beer for long - term storage .
If that 's the case , you 'll need to accumulate roughly fifty empty , clean beer bottles and also a simple bottle capper , again available at your local beermaking supply store .
This equipment , all together , will cost $ 20 or so and are often available in kits .
When making beer , I use a few optional items :
The large glass jug is called a carboy .
You can use it for long - term storage of the fermenting beer - it does n't last too long in the bucket .
Also , I use an auto - siphon ( which makes it very easy to siphon beer out of the carboy ) and a bottling tip ( which makes it very easy to put beer in the bottles ) .
You may also want a hydrometer , which you can use to calculate the alcohol content of the beer you make .
You do n't need these things to make beer , but it does make it easier in some ways .
You can leave the beer for a very long time in the carboy and bottling is a much easier process with the auto - siphon and the bottling tip .
The only additional items you 'll need to make your own beer can likely already be found in your kitchen .
You 'll need a large pot ( one that can hold four gallons of liquid or so ) , a large spoon to stir it with , a thermometer , and a funnel ( if you 're using a carboy ) .
You 'll also need to carefully sanitize any equipment you may use - I use a bleach solution to make sure everything is as clean as possible .
How to Make Beer
As I mentioned earlier , I planned to make a porter .
I found an interesting recipe on the internet :
6 pounds plain amber malt extract
8 ounces crushed crystal malt ( 60 L )
4 ounces crushed chocolate malt
4 ounces crushed black patent malt
1 ounce cluster hops ( bittering )
1/2 ounce Williamette hops ( finishing )
Along with these ingredients , there are a few standard items you 'll need for any beer making journey : a grain steeping bag ( essentially a teabag for steeping the grains in the water ) , priming sugar , yeast , and caps .
All of these items are available at a beermaking supply store .
I acquired all of the above for roughly $ 35 .
A big part of the fun of homebrewing is that you can experiment with the recipes as much as you want .
For example , my wife and I made an oatmeal stout that went off the recipe quite a bit and it turned out sublimely delicious .
Boil the Water and Steep
Most beer making recipes follow a pretty standard procedure .
Just pour two gallons of water into your large pot , heat it to 160 degrees F ( 80 degrees C ) or so , put the grains in the grain bag and tie it off , then drop the grain bag in the water to steep for twenty minutes or so .
Above , I took the picture just after dropping the " tea bag " into the water .
The steeping will cause the water to change color , usually to some shade of brown .
Here 's what it looks like after the steeping .
Adding Malt
Once the steeping is finished , you simply bring the pot up to a low boil and add the malt extract ( a brown liquid ) and the bittering hops .
Leave this at a low boil for an hour ( stirring it regularly ) , then five minutes before the end , drop the finishing hops into the mix .
Once it 's finished boiling ( it 's now called " wort " ) , you 'll need to cool it down to 70 degrees - I usually do this by dunking the stock pot into ice water in the sink .
I then pour this into the carboy , though you can also do it in the bucket if you do n't have a carboy , then I add two to three gallons of filtered water .
I then drop in the yeast , stir it a bit , then put the bubbler on top and let it ferment .
Here 's a picture of my porter in the carboy at the start of fermentation .
Wait Two Weeks !
Then you wait .
Usually , you 'll wait for roughly two weeks .
What you 're looking for is whether or not there are bubbles coming through the bubbler .
Watch it for a minute - if you see no bubbles , wait another three days and you 're ready to finish it up .
Finishing
When you 're ready to finish it , you simply add the priming sugar to two cups of boiling water , boil the priming sugar / water solution for a few minutes , then add that to the beer .
You can then bottle it - if you 're not going to bottle it , you should serve it in the next couple of days .
Bottling
Bottling is similarly easy .
You just thoroughly clean 50 to 60 beer bottles , fill each one carefully , then put a cap on each one with the capping tool ( basically , you just put a small disc on top of the bottle , put the capping tool on top , and squeeze ) .
Let the bottles sit for a few weeks and then it 's ready to drink .
Is This Cost Effective ?
The $ 64,000 question , indeed .
Is home brewing a cost effective hobby when compared to just stopping at the store and picking up some beverages ?
If you are comparing the cost of homebrew to the cost of well - made craft beers at the store ( which is what most homebrews are comparable to ) , then homebrewing is actually quite cost effective .
In the above example , I used $ 35 worth of ingredients to make seven six packs of porter , a cost of roughly $ 5 per six pack .
This does n't include , of course , the cost of the equipment , but this cost is pretty small per six pack if you make many batches .
Comparing this to my favorite porter at the local liquor store ( Fuller 's London Porter , which cost $ 8.99 per six pack ) , homebrewing is substantially cheaper than the craft option .
On the other hand , if you are comparing the cost of making that same porter to the cost of a case of Old Milwaukee ( or a similar very inexpensive beer , which can be found for less than $ 10 per 24 pack ) , homebrewing is n't cost effective at all and is in fact more expensive than such beer .
Admittedly , recipes for mainstream beers are less expensive than recipes for top quality porters - I called a homebrewing supply store and was quoted about $ 24 for the ingredients I would need for something approximating Old Milwaukee - but the homebrew is still more expensive .
So , the real question is what kind of beer are you replacing with homebrew ?
If you 're replacing great craft beers with your own homemade beer , your costs will in fact go down - and you 'll have found a very fun new hobby .
However , if you 're content just buying some Miller Genuine Draft , homebrewing is n't going to save you much money ( if it saves you any at all ) .
The world 's second biggest pharmaceutical company is to radically shift its attitude to providing cheap drugs to millions of people in the developing world .
In a major change of strategy , the new head of GlaxoSmithKline , Andrew Witty , has told the Guardian he will slash prices on all medicines in the poorest countries , give back profits to be spent on hospitals and clinics and – most ground - breaking of all – share knowledge about potential drugs that are currently protected by patents .
Witty says he believes drug companies have an obligation to help the poor get treatment .
He challenges other pharmaceutical giants to follow his lead .
Pressure on the industry has been growing over the past decade , triggered by the Aids catastrophe .
Drug companies have been repeatedly criticised for failing to drop their prices for HIV drugs while millions died in Africa and Asia .
Since then , campaigners have targeted them for defending the patents , which keep their prices high , while attempting to crush competition from generic manufacturers , who undercut them dramatically in countries where patents do not apply .
The reputation of the industry suffered a further damaging blow with the publication and film of John le Carré 's book The Constant Gardener , which depicted drug companies as uncaring and corrupt .
But speaking to the Guardian , Witty pledged significant changes to the way the drug giant does business in the developing world .
He said that GSK will :
• Cut its prices for all drugs in the 50 least developed countries to no more than 25 % of the levels in the UK and US – and less if possible – and make drugs more affordable in middle - ­income countries such as Brazil and India .
• Put any chemicals or processes over which it has intellectual property rights that are relevant to finding drugs for neglected diseases into a " patent pool " , so they can be explored by other researchers .
• Reinvest 20 % of any profits it makes in the least developed countries in hospitals , clinics and staff .
• Invite scientists from other companies , NGOs or governments to join the hunt for tropical disease treatments at its dedicated institute at Tres Cantos , Spain .
The extent of the changes Witty is setting in train is likely to stun drug company critics and other pharmaceutical companies , who risk being left exposed .
Campaigners privately say the move is remarkable , although they worry that it may undermine the generics industry which currently supplies the cheapest drugs in poor countries .
Witty accepts that his stance may not win him friends in other drug companies , but he is inviting them to join him in an attempt to make a significant difference to the health of people in poor countries .
" We work like crazy to come up with the next great medicine , knowing that it 's likely to get used an awful lot in developed countries , but we could do something for developing countries .
Are we working as hard on that ?
I want to be able to say yes we are , and that 's what this is all about – trying to make sure we are even - handed in terms of our efforts to find solutions not just for developed but for developing countries , " he said .
" I think the shareholders understand this and it's my job to make sure I can explain it .
I think we can .
I think it 's absolutely the kind of thing large global companies need to be demonstrating , that they 've got a more balanced view of the world than short - term returns . "
The move on intellectual property , until now regarded as the sacred cow of the pharmaceutical industry , will be seen as the most radical of his proposals .
" I think it 's the first time anybody 's really come out and said we 're prepared to start talking to people about pooling our patents to try to facilitate innovation in areas where , so far , there has n't been much progress , " he said .
" I can't tell you how many speeches I 've heard about – oh , you know – ' I wish we could make progress on TB ' or ' Why have n't we got treatments for these things ? '
We all sit there saying well yes , it 's terrible is n't it , instead of actually trying to do something about it .
So … what I really hope this does is stimulate people to start engaging with us , and maybe other people to say look , actually , if you did it this way it could really work .
" Some people might be surprised it 's coming from a pharma company .
Obviously people see us as very defensive of intellectual property , quite rightly , and we will be , but in this area of neglected diseases we just think this is a place where we can kind of carve out a space and see whether or not we can stimulate a different behaviour . "
He is aware that others in the pharmaceutical industry may accuse him of selling the family silver .
Some people , he said , " are going to hate this " .
But he added : " I do think that many CEOs of many companies do worry about this issue and do have it in their minds and who knows , maybe somebody has to move before many people move .
Equally I could imagine getting a phone call saying ' What are you doing ? ' "
Campaigners gave a cautious welcome to GSK 's strategy .
But Oxfam and Médecins Sans Frontières both said the company should go further and include HIV drugs in the patent pool , and warned that generics companies have always been able to offer lower prices than big pharma , because of their lower production costs .
" He is breaking the mould in validating the concept of patent pools , " said Rohit Malpani who runs Oxfam 's access to medicines campaign .
" That has been out there as an idea and no company has done anything about it .
It is a big step forward .
It is welcome that he is inviting other companies to take this on and have a race to the top instead of a race to the bottom . "
I 've seen many articles and posts about how to design a logo or how not to design a logo .
I think these are good articles but as everything in life , there are things I agree and others that I disagree .
Designing logos is beyond any list of to - dos and not - to - dos .
First of all it's hard to analyse a logo just by looking at it .
Of course there are cases that it 's pretty easy to say that a logo is not good .
Are there ?
Below we have 2 examples of a good and bad logo , but why one is good and other is bad ?
What makes one stand out while the other sucks ?
The logo is a very important part of the brand of a company it 's the visual identity , thus it will be related with the whole market and business strategy of its organization .
Therefore if the business model of a company is focused on a audience in the Class C , the logo will have to perceive the image the individuals of that audience want .
It does n't matter if the others hate it .
Because of that I would define the process of logo creation in this steps :
Understand the business model and marketing strategy of the organization with a clear idea of the target audience and what they expect
Validate the ideas of the business model with the audience : do some researches and pools to get keywords , colors , ideas , qualities of what the audience expects for that service or product .
Get as many image references as possible and once again try to validate that with the target audience .
Brainstorm ideas with the keywords and qualities you get from the audience .
Draw ideas on paper .
Try to do as many sketches as possible .
I had a teacher in College that used to say that to get something new you will have to draw at least more than 100 sketches .
Select 3 designs and refine them , so select the one that fits the best with the research you did with the audience .
That is at least for me my workflow when designing a logo and basically that was the script I followed for my graduation work in College , which was the Visual Identity for a hospital here in my town .
Of course sometimes we have tight deadlines that make it impossible to do all those steps .
But we can use other tools to get results to fulfill our needs .
Google is a good example .
It 's the most popular search engine in the world used for millions of people everyday .
We can use the Google Image search to get some ideas of images related to a certain term .
Besides that why not check other designers work , see how they solve some problems and learn some different approaches .
Would you design like this ?
Brand experience is what your customers remember about you .
It 's what leads to lasting impressions , preferences , and performance .
This is what sets Landor 's work apart : customer experiences that are not mysterious , but real , tangible , measurable – unforgettable .
- Landor.com
Logo design is much more than simply design a logo .
It 's the tip of the iceberg in a corporation and the budget to advertisement is very important when deciding the logo strategy .
For small business it 's important to create a logo that really relates to the product or philosophy of the company , while for big corporations the simplest the best , because of that we see most of the huge companies using just lettering or a piece of their past logos , such as Nike and Pepsi .
These companies understand that after a long period , people started to recognize the brand without reading the name , but having visual contact with shapes that were part of the logo .
When a company reaches that level of brand awareness , redesigning gets much easier .
But a commom mistake when designing a logo for a new company , is making it without lettering , trying to get the nike effect , when nobody knows where the new company stands in market .
Now , we would love to hear from you , what are the problems you find when designing logos ?
Are there any steps you usually take , or mistakes you know you can't afford making ?
Tell us and share it with everyone . ;)
Telstra shares have fallen after high - profile chief executive Sol Trujillo announced he is stepping down and returning to the United States .
News of Mr Trujillo 's resignation at the end of June came as the telecommunications giant reported a 1 per cent fall in first - half profit to $ 1.92 billion .
Shares in Telstra fell more than 1.5 per cent this morning to $ 3.71 .
Earlier Telstra chairman Donald McGauchie said Mr Trujillo would leave the company on June 30 to return home to the United States .
" On behalf of the Telstra Board I would like to congratulate Sol on his outstanding leadership and extraordinary achievements , " Mr McGauchie said .
" His vision , strategic direction and commitment to execution have positioned Telstra as a media communications company with a wide range of options for ongoing growth . "
Mr Trujillo was appointed CEO in 2005 and frequently clashed with the Government and regulators , most recently over the national broadband network .
Mr Trujillo thanked the Telstra board and the company 's employees and said he would continue to drive the business until his departure .
" I would particularly like to thank my senior management team and Telstra 's employees who are truly committed to bringing world - leading services to our customers .
The results we have achieved together over the past four years make me incredibly proud , " Mr Trujillo said in a statement on the Telstra website .
" Telstra is outperforming domestic and global peers in virtually every category .
We are well positioned to hit the key transformation targets we set in November 2005 and I have every confidence that Telstra will continue to deliver world - leading results for shareholders . "
His departure news comes one month after Telstra announced chief operations officer Greg Winn was leave the company to return to the United States .
Legacy
A senior research analyst from stockbroking firm EL and C Baillieu , Ivor Ries , says Mr Trujillo will be best remembered for his outspoken stance against the regulator and both the former and current Federal Governments .
" In terms of public perception , he and his colleagues , Phil Burgess etc , were seen as real stirrers and trouble makers and I 'm not sure whether it actually helped improve the Telstra brand at all , " he said .
" But as far as the major shareholders were concerned , they were happy with the way he behaved and what he did . "
But the Union representing 12,000 Telstra employees says it hopes Mr Trujillo 's resignation will lead to a change of attitude within the company about ongoing wage negotiations .
CEPU spokesman Burt Blackburne says Mr Trujillo will be remembered for short changing workers while accepting a massive salary .
" He 's done very well out of the company , " he said .
" He 's a person whose current wage increase is something like $ 13.4 million , a 14 per cent increase over last year , while the workers in Telstra who 've made all the profits suffer pay cuts and other sort of difficulties within the company . "
The Webkit blog reports that the latest WebKit builds now support explicit animations in CSS .
CSS Animations is one of the enhancements to CSS proposed by the WebKit project that weve been calling CSS Effects ( eg. gradients , masks , transitions ) .
The goal is to provide properties that allow Web developers to create graphically rich content .
In many cases animations are presentational , and therefore belong in the styling system .
This allows developers to write declarative rules for animations , replacing lots of hard - to - maintain animation code in JavaScript .
The features are presently unique to WebKit but can be viewed by using one of the beta nightly builds or simply through your iPhone / iPod Touch .
Apple has already implemented these animations , as well as 3D support , within the iPhone 's mobile Safari .
Those browsing using an iPhone or a nightly Webkit build can see the sample pages in action : falling leaves ( pictured ) , bouncing box , and pulse ( " the new blink " ) .
These features should eventually make their way into Mac OS X's Safari builds and the features have also been proposed for inclusion into the actual CSS standard .
As we 've previously detailed , Apple has been making efforts to push web - standard technologies possibly as a way to reduce dependance on Adobe 's Flash player .
The incorporation of animation into CSS could certainly threaten one of the major uses of Flash on the internet .
Apple has also been investing in other core web technologies as the basis for their Mobile Me web applications .
Developer : Capcom
Publisher : Capcom
System availability : Xbox 360 ( reviewed ) , PS3 , PC release in June 2009
Price : $ 59.99 ( Standard edition )
When it comes to the storied Street Fighter franchise , I think the majority of our readers are like me .
You played Street Fighter II in the arcades and followed the game through its different incarnations on the consoles , you were aware of the 3D versions of the game but did n't care for them that much , you think it 's silly to spend $ 100 or more on a copy of 3rd Strike for the Dreamcast .
So the main question you 're now asking is the following : is the new Street Fighter IV something I 'd be interested in , or is it more of a game for the smoky arcades filled with inscrutable and talented gods who pump thousands of dollars into the game to master every move ?
This review is my attempt to answer that question , and right here at the start let me give away the ending by saying that I have very good news for you : Street Fighter IV feels like coming home .
The game employs a brand new , striking art style including 3D graphics and backgrounds , but it 's also fast ; the Xbox 360 does n't feel like it 's struggling to keep the framerate up at any time .
All the moves take place on the same plane , so while the characters are rendered in 3D , the play itself is as two - dimensional as it gets .
The game 's roster is filled with old favorites , but it also adds a few new characters .
If you 've played previous Street Fighter installments , you 'll know how to Dragon Punch the second you pick up the this latest edition , but you can also spend weeks mastering everything new the game has to offer .
This is a game for the casual fan and the hardcore fighting game junkie .
It 's also a game that makes me wish we could go back to giving games scores , because Street Fighter IV is one of the few games that feels nearly perfect .
So what is new ?
What has stayed the same ?
Chronologically , the events of Street Fighter IV take place between Street Fighter II and III , although if you 're actually following the story of these games you 're a better man than I am .
The arcade mode features animated cinemas for each of the characters , and these are all supposed to link together into one big story .
But do n't hurt your brain trying to follow it — the dialog and animation are both frighteningly cheesy .
The game retains the same array of half - circles , charges , and joystick moves that you 'll recognize from past Street Fighter games , and you 'll be able to look up the moves list for each character from within the game , making this an easy title to get into even if you 've only played Street Fighter II .
The main addition to the action is the Focus system .
By holding both Medium Kick and Medium Punch at the same time you 'll adopt a new stance and begin to charge your focus attack .
This will let you soak up some attacks or simply unleash a devastating hit that does serious damage and leaves your opponent falling to the floor , ready to be hit again .
The move is simple , and anyone can play with Focus attacks the first time they pick up a controller .
So what else can you do with them ?
Much more than it first appears .
Capcom Community Manager Seth Killian summed up Focus attacks rather nicely : " The attack becomes more powerful the longer you hold the buttons down , and they ’re actually unblockable at full power ...
As your skills improve , you ’ll also be able to use them to cancel the recovery on your special moves , to create new combos and pressure strings , " he told SiliconEra .
" The only limit is really your imagination , and I ’m already surprised at some of the innovative ways we ’ve seen players use them in the arcades . "
You also have an Ultra Meter that is filled by taking damage , allowing you to hit back with Ultra Combos , which are flashy , cinamatic moves that can quickly turn the tide of battle .
These moves are hard to pull off and connect with , but they give you a sort of a " Hail Mary " pass to try when you 're near death in a match .
The Super Meter allows you to unload different versions of your standard attacks to change things up .
All of these meters can be ignored by beginning players , although you 'll need to master all of them if you 're hoping to become competitive .
Your level of commitment is up to you .
While these additions may not seem like much when they 're written out in a review , they do quite a bit to change the flow of battle when used effectively .
You 'll start by using the same moves with the same characters , but the more you learn about what is possible , the closer you 'll come to finding your own fighting style .
Comedy ( Spoof ) , Music ( Musical )
[ 4:16 - from James Gunn ]
So you like porn , but you have a headache and do n't want to be bothered with sex .
This video is for you !
This is what happens when you think you 're living in a porno ... but you 're actually in a PG movie .
Let 's just say that major confusion ensues .
Enjoy this one as they get as close to crossing the line as they can .
NSFW Amazon has blocked sales of a sick Japanese PC game that puts the player in the role of a criminal who rapes a mother and her two teenage daughters .
The online vendor recently advertised two copies of the game RapeLay sold through the Amazon Marketplace section open to third - party vendors .
Made by the Japanese production house Illusion , RapeLay is intended for release in Japan only .
But a couple " like new " copies were made available by the US seller Hentaiguy who specializes in peddling Japanese animated porn .
Online reviews of the game describe a disturbing plot where the player sexually attacks and kidnaps a single mother and her daughters out of revenge for being sent to prison for molestation .
Gang rape and forced abortions are listed as features .
Yokohama - based Illusion 's other games include Battle Raper , Artificial Girl , and Sexy Beach .
The game was pulled after Amazon received several complaints — but Google cache reveals all .
A spokesman for Illusion told The Telegraph , " We believe there is no problem with the software , which has cleared the domestic ratings of an ethics watchdog body . "
Labour MP Keith Vaz told the Belfast Telegraph he was shocked that Amazon would allow people to purchase the game and plans to raise the issue in Parliament . ®
( CNN ) -- " Sesame Street " may not be a real place , but tell that to some of the people Michael Davis met when researching and talking about his new book , " Street Gang . "
Bert , left , and Ernie have been mainstays of " Sesame Street " since the beginning .
more photos »
" I met a lot of people who I worked with in New York or got to know in New York -- transplants -- who said to me , ' When I first arrived here in New York , I had this strange desire to find Sesame Street , ' " he said .
Well , to paraphrase the famous theme song , who would n't want to get to " Sesame Street " ?
For two generations , the fictional block of brownstones inhabited by curious children , friendly adults and some odd - looking Muppets has helped shape childhood education by offering exercises , games and life lessons all wrapped up in a television - friendly format .
It 's a model that 's proved durable and influential , says Syracuse University pop culture professor Robert Thompson .
" If I were to make a list of the top 10 most significant American TV shows ... I 'd put ' Sesame Street ' on the list .
The fact that it 's still on the air attests to its [ significance ] , " he said .
See " Sesame Street " in pictures »
" The idea they came up with was kind of radical :
If you can sell kids sugared cereal and toys using Madison Avenue techniques , why could n't you use the same techniques for teaching counting , the alphabet and basic social skills ?
And it works . "
Indeed , as Davis notes in " Street Gang " ( Viking ) , the genesis of " Sesame Street " was when the 3 - year - old daughter of a Carnegie foundation executive was fascinated by television , waking up to watch the broadcast day begin and memorizing commercial jingles .
He talked about his daughter with a friend , producer Joan Ganz Cooney .
In the liberal ferment of the mid-'60s , both wondered whether educational TV could go beyond the staid classroom shows of the era .
Cooney became the driving force of " Sesame Street . "
She put together the plan , helped recruit talent , located financing and oversaw production .
" Sesame Street " became the foundation for the Children 's Television Workshop ( now Sesame Workshop ) , which created other educational shows such as " The Electric Company " and " 3 - 2 - 1 Contact . "
" She is just such an impressive woman , " said Davis , adding that Cooney gave her blessing to his book project without any requirements but one : that he " get it right . "
" She 's just one of those extraordinary public figures . "
Cooney did n't hold much back in telling her story to Davis , and neither did others .
From its debut on November 10 , 1969 , the show was a hit -- within a year , it was on the cover of Time magazine -- but it was not without its personality clashes .
The original Gordon , Matt Robinson , was a producer uncomfortable in the spotlight .
Northern Calloway , who played David , struggled with mental illness .
The show 's primary songwriters , Joe Raposo and Jeff Moss , were constantly in competition ; Raposo " fairly seethed with envy " when Moss ' " Rubber Duckie " hit the Top 20 , Davis writes .
The book provides balanced biographies of a number of principals , including producer Jon Stone , whom Davis calls " the heart of the book . "
" I wanted people to say , ' Wow , this guy Jon Stone , he really was the Orson Welles of " Sesame Street . " '
Without him , the show would n't have been what it became , " Davis said .
But for all the backstage machinations that affect any creative enterprise , " Sesame Street " stayed true to education , in all its forms .
One show matter - of - factly included a breast - feeding Buffy Sainte - Marie ; others featured a boy with Down syndrome , Jason Kingsley .
EW : Stars who dropped by " Sesame Street "
Jim Henson , who was famous as creator of the Muppets when " Sesame Street " began , invented a world of ( literally ) colorful characters -- Oscar , Big Bird , the Cookie Monster , Bert and Ernie -- and , with his puppeteering crew , gave them soul .
And when Mr. Hooper ( Will Lee ) died , the show dealt with his passing honestly .
Over the years , the show has taken its knocks .
Critics from the left have complained about its merchandising ; critics from the right disliked its avowed commitment to diversity .
In the '90s , " Barney " stole its thunder , and cable drained its audience .
As " Sesame Street " comes up on its 40th birthday , some critics wonder whether it 's still necessary .
But for all that , says Thompson , the show remains important , both in its pioneering educational style and in its clever business model .
And it takes its charges seriously , he points out .
" One thing I still like about ' Sesame Street ' is that it 's not artsy , " he said .
For Davis ' part , doing the book -- which succeeded a TV Guide article he did on the show 's 35th anniversary -- gave him renewed respect for its creators ' achievements .
And he 's found out through his Web site , http://www.streetgangbook.com/, that " Sesame Street " still has the magic to move children -- mothers of autistic children credit the show with helping the kids ' development -- and adults .
" Somebody said , ' I was OK when my mom explained to me there was no Santa Claus , ' " he recounts . " ' But I cried my eyes out the day I realized Kermit was a puppet . '
Is n't that great ? "
All About Sesame Street • Jim Henson
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , February 5 , 2009
A massive program with its tentacles embedded into almost every corner of education and popular culture is underway to use the “ green ” agenda to brainwash children and turn them against their own parents , as the state moves towards the creation of a Stasi - style informant society using methods that have been repeated in every totalitarian state throughout history .
The controversy surrounding Al Gore ’s comments during a speech at the University of Maryland Presidential Youth Inaugural Conference , during which he pitted children against their parents by telling them they “ know more ” about global warming , is merely the tip of the iceberg of a top - down movement that is mimicking a technique that dictatorships have practiced throughout history – the exploitation and brainwashing of children to turn them into Maoist , Stasi , Hitler Youth - style informants and enforcers against their own family and community .
Talking head Glenn Beck was spooked about the historical legacy that Gore is following in brainwashing kids to assume an adversarial position against their own parents in the interests of the state .
“ I ’m trying to think where else this has been done – Soviet Russia , Nazi , Germany , Mussolini ’s Italy , ” Beck said .
“ In fact , the Nazis took an extra step .
Not only did they indoctrinate the kids and tell them you ’re probably right , you know but your parents do n’t ; in fact , here ’s the next step :
Why do n’t you tell us what your parents are telling you .
Are we having the new Hitler youth ?
Is that what this is ?
The new Hitler youth ?
I ’m sorry , that ’s so politically incorrect – the new green guard .
Man your station , 12 - year - olds , your parents just do n’t know . ”
Listen to the clip .
Beck ’s warning is right on the mark – in almost every dictatorship throughout history the state has seized the minds of children and turned them against their own family and communities as a means of building a police state and forcing adults to self - regulate their own behavior and political speech for fear that their misdeeds might be reported to interested authorities by the child spies
The secret police of Romanian dictator Nicolae Ceausescu recruited thousands of children aged 12 - 14 to spy on their schoolfriends , parents and teachers , according to recently uncovered communist - era archives .
At the height of the dictatorship , a staggering 15 per cent of the country ’s informants were children .
They were encouraged to report anyone who expressed a political opinion contrary to the status quo or those who merely made a joke of Ceausescu .
Tellingly , we learn that , ” The secret police targeted intelligent and sporty children , whose participation in teams and clubs gave them access to many teachers , other children and their parents . ”
These are exactly the kind of kids being targeted in the U.S. and UK today to browbeat their parents into conforming to the green agenda .
Frank Furedi , professor of sociology at the University of Kent , offers another parallel .
“ Mobilising children to police their parents ’ behaviour used to be something you only found in totalitarian societies .
I grew up in Eastern Bloc Hungary and I remember children being encouraged to tell teachers if their parents listened to rock ’n’roll . ”
“ It ’s as though the politicians are saying : ‘ The parents wo n’t change fast enough , let ’s get the children ’ , ” he says .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
We even have a literary warning about where this kind of thing leads .
In George Orwell ’s acclaimed dystopia 1984 , children are recruited to spy on their own parents and report any suspicious or unapproved of behavior to Party authorities .
As Brendan O’Neill writes in his excellent Spectator article , As Orwell Warned , Children Now Spy on Adults , “ It is the mark of a truly authoritarian regime to recruit children to nag out - of - tune parents or to spy on disobedient citizens .
A writer for the Guardian celebrates eco-pester power on the basis that children make ‘ natural campaigners — no shades of grey , no nuanced arguments , just loads of passion and clarity ’ .
Yes , and that is also why ruthless governments , from the Soviets to Chairman Mao , cultivated zealous little police - kids : because childish minds are easily moulded to accept political orthodoxies .
In Orwell ’s Nineteen Eighty - Four it was ‘ almost normal for people over 30 to be frightened of their own children ’ because they were ‘ ungovernable little savages ’ who spied for the Party .
Before we become scared of our kids , too — as they patrol our homes , speak to us from CCTV cameras , or squeal on us to councils — I suggest dealing with this politicised pester power in the same way my mum dealt with my childish demands : by administering a collective clip around the lughole to the Child Spies . ”
A London Observer article , which all but triumphs children spying on and chastising their parents for claimed “ eco-crimes , ” betrays the absurdity and mindlessness of how these scenarios are being played out .
Ominously entitled , “ Green children re-educate their parents , ” the writer describes how his five - year - old daughter was angrily filing through his passport , before issuing a firm rebuke about how many times her father had traveled to America .
“ How many times have you been on a plane to America ? ” asks the child .
“ About 40 , ” her father responds .
“ And how many trees have you planted ? ”
“ No trees . ”
“ I ’m going to tell Miss White . ”
The absurd irony of course is that the daughter threatens to inform on her father to the teacher for the “ eco- crime ” of contributing towards CO2 emissions and not planting trees , when in fact trees absorb CO2 and would die out completely if this “ poison ” was eliminated from the earth .
The writer relates how his child has begun to “ spout eco policy with exquisite fervour and zealotry ” and how he is regularly confronted and lectured by her about low - energy light bulbs , plastic bags and plane journeys .
“ I have begun to feel there are larger forces at work , ” he writes .
“ I suspect I am a pawn in a covert re-education programme .
I fear “ pester power ” is being organised to leverage pro-environmental awareness in parents – we are being bullied by a generation of pint - sized “ eco-worriers ” .
We learn of a similar scenario in a New York Times article entitled , Pint - Size Eco-Police , Making Parents Proud and Sometimes Crazy , where a “ growing army of “ eco- kids ” — steeped in environmentalism at school , in houses of worship , through scouting and even via popular culture ….
try to hold their parents accountable at home . ”
The story relates how TV network Nickelodeon , Pixar movies like Wall - E and even organizations like the Girl Scouts ( remember who the secret police targeted for recruitment in totalitarian Romania ? ) are all playing their part to re-educate the army of “ eco-kids ” who in turn are tasked with re-educating their parents .
Groups like the Children ’s Environmental Literacy Foundation are training teachers across the country to dole out the propaganda as it becomes permanently embedded in school curriculums .
Energy giant NPower is lavishing huge sums in advertising expenses to drive its “ Climate Cops ” campaign , in children are encouraged to sign up as “ climate cops ” and keep “ climate crime case files ” on their families , friends and neighbors .
“ Report back to your family to make sure they do n’t commit those crimes again ( or else ) ! ” one section states , before reminding recruits to keep a watchful eye on parents and even extend their web further .
“ What about the homes of aunts and uncles , or friends from school ? ” it suggests .
In the UK , we find that , “ Children are being offered money by councils to spy on neighbors and report petty offences such as ‘ bin crimes ’ and dog- fouling . ”
5,000 children labeled “ Junior Streetwatchers ” have been bribed with payments of up to £ 500 to provide names , license plate numbers and photographs of their neighbors engaged in “ environmental crimes ” .
We can only expect such programs to be replicated in the U.S. with the promise from the Obama administration that millions of “ green jobs ” are to be created to enforce drastic measures to cut CO2 emissions by 80 per cent .
How many of Obama ’s promised “ national civilian security force , ” a cadre we are guaranteed will be as strong or stronger than the U.S.
Army , will be assigned to spy on their neighbors for enviro - crimes and report them to the local green commissariat ?
The overall scope of this agenda is truly horrifying .
In the space of under a decade , the entire educational system in the U.S. and the UK has been overhauled and poisoned with mandatory re-education about the perils of man-made global warming , despite the fact that the legitimacy of the subject is being discredited on a daily basis by overwhelming evidence that the earth has now entered a natural cooling phase in correlation with the recent dearth of sunspot activity .
Popular culture , children ’s movies , TV commercials , video games and more are also playing a key role in warping the minds of both children and adults alike to passively accept the drumbeat of climate propaganda while all the real environmental threats go almost completely ignored .
Now that the brainwashing program is firmly embedded in education and society , the next phase has begun – the exploitation of children as a tool of behavioral enforcement , acting as the eyes and ears of big brother , chomping at the bit with zealous indignation to perform their duty of “ re-educating ” their own parents and threatening to inform on them if they do not properly comply with the dictates of green totalitarianism .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
US , UK , Eurozone Banks Face Collapse : Global Banking System Insolvent
With all the hype from various US dollar bears about the crisis with US banks , few on this side of the Atlantic are paying any attention to happenings in Europe .
For those who look , a strong case can be made that European banks are as bad off if not much worse off than their US counterparts .
" The unfolding debt drama in Russia , Ukraine , and the EU states of Eastern Europe has reached acute danger point " says Ambrose Evans - Pritchard in Failure to save East Europe will lead to worldwide meltdown .
Stephen Jen , currency chief at Morgan Stanley , said Eastern Europe has borrowed $ 1.7 trillion abroad , much on short - term maturities .
It must repay – or roll over – $ 400 bn this year , equal to a third of the region 's GDP .
Good luck .
The credit window has slammed shut .
Not even Russia can easily cover the $ 500 bn dollar debts of its oligarchs while oil remains near $ 33 a barrel .
The budget is based on Urals crude at $ 95 .
Russia has bled 36 pc of its foreign reserves since August defending the rouble .
" This is the largest run on a currency in history , " said Mr Jen .
In Poland , 60 pc of mortgages are in Swiss francs .
The zloty has just halved against the franc .
Hungary , the Balkans , the Baltics , and Ukraine are all suffering variants of this story .
As an act of collective folly – by lenders and borrowers – it matches America 's sub - prime debacle .
There is a crucial difference , however .
European banks are on the hook for both .
US banks are not .
Almost all East bloc debts are owed to West Europe , especially Austrian , Swedish , Greek , Italian , and Belgian banks .
En plus , Europeans account for an astonishing 74pc of the entire $ 4.9 trillion portfolio of loans to emerging markets .
They are five times more exposed to this latest bust than American or Japanese banks , and they are 50 pc more leveraged ( IMF data ) .
Spain is up to its neck in Latin America , which has belatedly joined the slump ( Mexico 's car output fell 51 pc in January , and Brazil lost 650,000 jobs in one month ) .
Britain and Switzerland are up to their necks in Asia .
Whether it takes months , or just weeks , the world is going to discover that Europe 's financial system is sunk , and that there is no EU Federal Reserve yet ready to act as a lender of last resort or to flood the markets with emergency stimulus .
East Europe that is blowing up right now .
Erik Berglof , EBRD 's chief economist , told me the region may need € 400bn in help to cover loans and prop up the credit system .
Europe 's governments are making matters worse .
Some are pressuring their banks to pull back , undercutting subsidiaries in East Europe .
Athens has ordered Greek banks to pull out of the Balkans .
The sums needed are beyond the limits of the IMF , which has already bailed out Hungary , Ukraine , Latvia , Belarus , Iceland , and Pakistan – and Turkey next – and is fast exhausting its own $ 200bn ( €155 bn ) reserve .
We are nearing the point where the IMF may have to print money for the world , using arcane powers to issue Special Drawing Rights .
Its $ 16bn rescue of Ukraine has unravelled .
The country – facing a 12 pc contraction in GDP after the collapse of steel prices – is hurtling towards default , leaving Unicredit , Raffeisen and ING in the lurch .
Pakistan wants another $ 7.6 bn .
Latvia 's central bank governor has declared his economy " clinically dead " after it shrank 10.5 pc in the fourth quarter .
Protesters have smashed the treasury and stormed parliament .
Somehow the myth persists that the Euro will be the world 's reserve currency .
The " somehow " usually stems from those who believe in the tooth fairy and global decoupling while staring straight into a magic mirror that only highlights the problems in the US .
Here is a better question ....
Can The Euro Survive ?
John Mauldin explores that question in his latest Outside The Box : Can The Euro Survive ?
Milton Friedman famously predicted that the euro would not last past their first economic crisis .
This week we look at commentary by Niels Jensen that explores the news from Euroland .
Can the euro survive ?
He explores a number of options which are most definitely not on the radar screen for most investors .
It is good to get a perspective from those outside of our own back yard .
Note that when he says " our country " he is referring to Great Britain .
Do BRICs ( and Germans ) Eat PIGS ?
When the euro was introduced about ten years ago , the pessimists did n't give it much chance of reaching its tenth anniversary .
The euro , or so the argument went , was doomed from the outset because of the wide spread in economic performance and discipline amongst the member countries .
At one end you had , and still have , the highly disciplined , but also slow growing , economies of Germany and the Netherlands .
At the other end you find the faster growing but poorly disciplined countries such as Spain and Greece .
As icing on the cake , you also had , and still have , countries that lack in both departments , such as Italy , making it difficult for the union to ' gel ' - well , according to sceptics .
What they [ the sceptics ] failed to realise was that Europe , together with the rest of the world , was about to enter a period of unprecedented prosperity .
The good times would not only gloss over the deeper problems , but the euro would actually go from strength to strength to a point where it now threatens to unseat the US dollar as the premier reserve currency of the world .
It is therefore perhaps a mystery to some of you , why one should question the longer term viability of the euro .
That is nevertheless what I intend to do .
The problem , as I have already alluded to , is poor discipline amongst several of the member states .
Ever heard of the four PIGS ?
This less than flattering acronym stands for Portugal , Italy , Greece and Spain , four members of the euro zone which are all in much deeper trouble than they are prepared to admit .
Let 's take a closer look at the unit labour cost index for various countries
2007 Unit Labour Cost Index ( 2000=100 )
Since the introduction of the euro , the PIGS have failed miserably to keep up with Germany on this measure of competitiveness .
So has Ireland by the way , hence its current predicament .
Another issue , which is potentially even more destabilising for the euro longer term , is the massive liabilities facing Europe as its population ages .
Greece is clearly facing the biggest challenge .
Public debt , which currently stands at about 95 % of GDP , will grow to a whopping 555 % of GDP by 2050 if the current pension and social security programme is left unchanged .
The Greek government is painfully aware of this and have been working on several new initiatives .
It was the passing of one of those new laws which caused the riots in Athens before Christmas .
A third problem facing Europe is the sheer scale of the banking crisis .
Although this is not just a European problem , European countries are probably worse off than the US because a larger part of European debt has to be financed externally .
As you can see from chart 1 , more than $ 2 trillion of European and U.S. bank debt needs to be re-financed before the end of next year .
Unless there is a material improvement in market conditions , re-financing at such a massive scale is simply not doable .
Maturing Bank Securities in 2009 /10 ( USD )
Kenneth Rogoff and Carmen Reinhart published a research paper about a month ago which should be mandatory reading for all investors2 .
They have studied every single banking crisis of the past 100 years and reach some rather unsettling conclusions .
As they point out : " Broadly speaking , financial crises are protracted affairs " .
Following a banking crisis , asset prices fall more and for longer than most investors realise .
So do output and unemployment .
Most importantly , though , the real value of government debt explodes but not for the reasons you might think .
Yes , the bailout costs are significant , but the main driver of rising government debt is actually the subsequent collapse of tax income .
[ Mish note : See article for charts ]
So when we are told that the bailout cost , although large , is still manageable , it is only half the story .
The loss of tax revenue is another nail in the coffin and could lead to a dramatic - and unpredicted - rise in public debt .
Have you heard any mention of that from your government ?
In Frankfurt , the ' eurocrats ' are currently congratulating themselves that they , through strict monetary discipline , killed inflation in the aftermath of last year 's explosion in commodity prices .
The reality , however , is that the credit crunch killed inflation - they did n't - and Europe is now at a junction where even the smallest policy mistake could be very expensive indeed .
So , could all this lead to the destruction of the euro ?
Could the currency union actually break up ?
It is not that the risk to the PIGS has not been recognised by bond investors .
As you can see from chart 3 below , investors in long dated Greek government bonds now earn about 2.5 % more than they do by investing in correspondent German bunds .
PIGS Sovereign Debt Spreads over Germany
On the other hand , I may disappoint one or two readers ( I will certainly disappoint Ambrose Evans - Pritchard of the Daily Telegraph who appears to have declared war on the euro ) , but I firmly believe that the euro will almost certainly survive the current crisis .
I am much more worried about some of the member countries .
There is nothing in the Maastricht treaty which prevents a member country from leaving the euro , yet the decision to join is effectively irreversible .
There are a number of reasons for this , the most important being economic costs .
Take Italy which has a history of compensating for lost competitiveness through regular devaluations .
If Berlusconi did the unthinkable tomorrow ( sorry - nothing is unthinkable in Berlusconi 's world ) , Italy 's borrowing costs would explode .
My guess is that bond investors would demand double digit returns on a Lira denominated bond to compensate for the dramatically increased devaluation risk .
Already in a precarious fiscal position , Italy could quite simply not afford that .
So , if any country were to leave the euro , it would more likely be from a position of strength , and only one country possesses enough strength to pull that off in the current environment .
That country is Germany .
And , although the euro is not particularly popular in Germany , I believe it is extremely unlikely for Germany to make such a move unilaterally .
At the same time , the fact that the euro has saved the bacon of more than one country in recent months - Ireland being the most obvious example - should not be ignored .
For this very reason , the euro membership is actually far more likely to grow than to shrink as a result of the financial and economic crisis engulfing the world .
The issue the EU has to deal with is whether the new applicants should actually be welcomed .
Most of those who would want to join will bring plenty of baggage .
Another possible outcome , which you hear almost no mention of , is the possibility of a new Transatlantic currency .
When I mention this possibility , everyone laughs , but think about it for a second .
The economic crisis on both sides of the Atlantic is enormous .
Both are resorting to the same formulas - large fiscal stimulus and quantitative easing ( a word invented by central bankers because ' printing money ' smacks too much of Zimbabwe ) .
There is a real risk that the entire financial and monetary system on either side of the pond needs to be re-designed .
If that were to happen , I am pretty confident that the Fed and the ECB would at least sit down and discuss the possibility of a joint currency .
That would also allow the UK to join a currency union without too much egg on its battered face .
In the short to medium term , though , there is no such bailout on the horizon .
D - day is now firmly on the horizon .
As I see things , it is not inconceivable that a member country could be forced to default on its sovereign debt .
Another , and more likely , outcome is the possibility of one or more member countries coming under EU administration .
The recent crowd trouble in Greece could very well turn out to be the dry run for much bigger and more organised labour market unrest across Europe as reality begins to bite .
For the time being , though , European governments continue to be in denial .
When the IMF recently recommended that Spain implement various structural reforms , the idea was flatly rejected by Prime Minister Zapatero .
In the meantime , you can sit back and prepare for the drama to unfold .
Very simplistically , it is a choice between Zimbabwe and Japan .
Our central bankers can choose to monetize their way out of the current slump and run the risk of much higher interest rates and a rapidly deteriorating currency like Zimbabwe or they can show fiscal discipline and accept perhaps ten years of below par growth a la Japan .
Or they can find the delicate balance in between the two and everyone will live happily thereafter .
But that requires both skill and luck .
Those are long snips from a very long article that is worth a read in entirety .
In aggregate , my take is that the Eurozone , the UK , and the US all face similar problems , and many countries are in far worse shape than the US .
And while Italy is likely to do a lot of sabre rattling , none of the PIGS are apt to be so foolish as to leave the European Union .
However , there is going to be increasing pressure on Germany to bailout the other Eurozone countries yet there is no reason to think they will ( or should ) oblige .
Looking ahead , one of the consequences of the Mad Race to ZIRP ( Zero Interest Rate Policy ) is that if Japan , the UK , US , and EU are all have interest rates at zero , a big reason to enter carry various carry trades will blow up in smoke .
On the plate now is a meltdown possibility in US banks , UK banks , and Eurozone banks as the entire global banking system is insolvent .
Conceivably a framework for a new transatlantic or even global currency could come out of such a meltdown .
However , it is impossible to agree to a solution when Central Bankers do not even understand the problem .
The problem is micromanagement of interests rates and currencies by central bankers in conjunction with fractional reserve lending and deficit spending everywhere .
Right now , president Obama , Bernanke , and nearly every politician and central bank in the world is focused on curing symptoms instead of curing the disease .
By Mike " Mish " Shedlock
http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com
Click Here To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
Mike Shedlock / Mish is a registered investment advisor representative for SitkaPacific Capital Management .
Sitka Pacific is an asset management firm whose goal is strong performance and low volatility , regardless of market direction .
Visit Sitka Pacific 's Account Management
Page to learn more about wealth management and capital preservation strategies of Sitka Pacific .
I do weekly podcasts every Thursday on HoweStreet and a brief 7 minute segment on Saturday on CKNW AM 980 in Vancouver .
When not writing about stocks or the economy I spends a great deal of time on photography and in the garden .
I have over 80 magazine and book cover credits .
Some of my Wisconsin and gardening images can be seen at MichaelShedlock.com .
© 2009 Mike Shedlock , All Rights Reserved
Mike Shedlock Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
17 Feb 09 , 02:43 where do you get your figures from ?
This article is pure fiction - none of these numbers are supported by reality ... Do some research ... You must have been one of those " smart " investors that bought subprime because it was AAA .
Software that lets you play any videogame , even when its hardware has long gone , could preserve parts of cultural history in danger of being lost ( Image : Rex )
Software that can be used to play almost any computer game in history is to be developed as part of a European attempt to preserve digital cultural heritage .
The European Union has funded a € 4.02 million ( £ 3.6 m , $ 5.2 m ) project dubbed KEEP , for Keeping Emulation Environments Portable , which will develop new ways to archive digital objects endangered by the relentless march of technology .
As well as games , it will work to ensure that other kinds of files and software remain accessible long after the demise of the hardware and software for which they were originally intended .
Emulation involves creating a software package that replicates the functionality of a previous hardware platform , storage medium or operating system , making it possible to use old software on modern hardware .
But existing emulators are usually specialised and themselves prone to becoming outdated .
KEEP is intended to be the “ first general purpose emulator ” , designed to be migrated easily to new computing platforms .
Advertisement
Game over
The speed with which digital technologies become obsolete means that even programs from the 1990s are at risk of becoming lost forever , says computer historian David Anderson of Portsmouth University , who will work on KEEP with colleagues from France , The Netherlands , Germany and the Czech Republic .
“ Early hardware , like games , consoles and computers , is already found in museums , but if you ca n’t show visitors what they did by playing the software on them , it ’s much the same as putting musical instruments on display but throwing away all the music , ” Anderson says .
“ For future generations , it would be a cultural catastrophe . ”
James Newman , one of the leaders of the UK ’s National Videogame Archive agrees .
“ We do n’t value our gaming heritage in the same way that we do books or movies – we ’re stuck with the model of everything being superceded , ” says Newman .
The best - maintained collections of old games can be found on auction sites like eBay or in the hands of dedicated amateur collectors , he adds .
Director ’s cut
But it ’s not enough to just make it possible to play old games in a kind of arcade , says Newman .
While basic games such as Space Invaders can be presented without much explanation , he explains , “ more recent console games involve playing for many hundreds of hours and feature complex narratives that branch as you make choices .
They ca n’t be presented like that . ”
The National Videogame Archive is attempting to capture the culture , as well as the software , of old games .
One way to do that is to record commentaries from game developers as they play through a title they helped to make .
One example was recorded by the two lead developers of the much - revered James Bond game GoldenEye at the GameCity conference in Nottingham , UK last year .
The result provides a richer way to experience old material than simply playing an outdated game , says Newman .
“ It was fantastic to get this insight into the way they ’d built it , and the little bugs and glitches , and watch them get back into their game . ”
The National Videogame Archive is also preserving fans ’ reactions to games that appeared in magazines and online .
[ MAJOR UPDATE ( 16:06 MT ) : News 8 out of Austin has video of the fireball !
I can now state unequivocally that this is not the result of the satellite collision .
The meteor is moving far too quickly for that ; satellite collision debris would fall at perhaps 10 km / sec max , while incoming meteoroids are moving at 11 km / sec at a minimum , and this thing is screaming across the sky at several dozen km / sec ( assuming it 's at a typical meteor height of 50 or more km ) .
So I was probably right in the first place , and what we have here is almost certainly a single object , perhaps a meter or two across , and it came from deep space . ]
I 'm getting reports that an extremely bright fireball was seen in broad daylight over Texas ( near San Antonio and Austin ) around 11:00 a.m. local time ( about an hour ago as I write this ) .
[ Update : some fireball reports came in from Kentucky on Friday , but it 's unclear if the KY event is connected , since it was a while back .
It 's possible , so I remain agnostic for now . ]
If you saw anything or find links , please put them in the comments .
The more reports we get on this , the more likely astronomers can figure out what this was .
Here 's part of an email I just received :
According to Google Earth , I was approximately at 29 deg 53 ' 14.44 " N and 97 deg 57'32.00 " W when we saw the object .
We were traveling NE , and the object was a little further NE of us , and was travelling in a NNE direction .
It traveled out of sight quickly , and we were unable to figure out where it went from there .
Reports like that are fantastic ; get your position as accurately as you can , say what direction the fireball was moving , and how high in the sky it was .
Do n't worry about apparent distance ; most fireballs look like they are close enough to touch , but can be dozens of kilometers away .
And just to be clear :
it was almost certainly not
It is possible this was part of the debris from the satellite collision last week .
That should take months or years to work its way down to our atmosphere .
[ Updated :
There are some official agencies ( like the FAA ) saying this could be debris from the collision .
I tentatively retract what I said earlier and say I might have been wrong .
Still , this fireball may have been a random piece of rock , a very small asteroid a meter or two across .
We 'll know more soon -- as more reports come in , we can track the direction of the debris and test it against possible de-orbit tracks of any debris from the collision .
Keep those comments coming ! ]
[ More updates : A physics prof weighs in on this here .
Either he or the reporter is a bit confused ; Iridium flashes are bright glints from reflected sunlight off of intact Iridium satellites still in orbit around the Earth .
If someone saw flashes of light as the fireball came in , it has nothing to do with that !
A wrecked iridium would n't make those flashes anymore ( Updated update : a news site is repeating this confused description .
Sigh . ) .
Also ,
Waco news is reporting the event as well . ]
[ Update ( 12:30 Mountain time ) : Austin TV stations say they talked to an FAA official who says this might be from the satellite collision . ]
[ Update 13:04 MT : The Austin Statesman weighs in .
Nothing really new , but some interesting info . ]
[ Update ( 13:16 ) : Via Twitter , Matt Stiles posted a map image showing where he and a friend saw the fireball . ]
[ Update ( 16:30 MT ) : A lot of tweets were saying an FAA official had confirmed this was from the satellite collision .
Now , the International Herald Tribune reports FAA spokesman Roland Herwig says they suspect it's from the collision .
I 'll note , though , that the FAA is not the agency that would know ; I 'd trust NORAD better .
A fireball that bright would be from a big chunk , and they'd have tracked it .
However , I really do n't think this was from the satellites ; it was moving rapidly ( deorbiting space junk tends to move far slower than incoming meteors ) and in the wrong direction . ]
PARIS ( Reuters ) - Artists ’ models in Paris stripped naked on Monday , braving freezing temperatures to protest against a ban on tips and to demand better pay and recognition .
More than 20 male and female models , some posing nude while others were draped in a colorful array of shawls , sheets and fur coats , took part in the protest that had the backing of two of France ’s biggest labor unions .
The action was triggered by a recent decision by the Paris authorities to enforce a ban on artists ’ tips , known as “ cornet ” after the rolled - up cone of drawing paper in which painters traditionally dropped some money for their models .
“ We ’re very badly paid and it ’s always been that way , ” said model Carole Kras , who joined others in the courtyard of a 16th century palace that houses the Paris cultural affairs offices .
“ We ’ve always had the ‘ cornet ’ to make up for some of that but now they want to get rid of it , ” she said , as shivering colleagues got dressed after briefly disrobing .
The demonstration was tiny compared with recent mass protests involving teachers , railway workers or public servants but in a city with such a long and rich artistic tradition , it carried extra resonance .
The models , who work for the city of Paris posing for students and professional artists , said the end of the “ cornet ” was the last straw .
“ I do n’t really care about the cornet .
What I want is to be better paid , ” said Kras , a full - time artists ’ model who has been doing the job for 15 years .
She said an average wage of 10 euros ( $ 13 ) an hour for posing sessions that often lasted around three hours was inadequate .
She added that models , classified officially as “ special diverse personnel , ” wanted clearer professional recognition .
“ It is a profession , it ’s tiring .
Because it ’s physical , you need a lot of endurance and it ’s also expressive , ” she said .
“ We ’re performers who play non -speaking roles , that ’s the way I always think of it . ”
Christophe Girard , an official responsible for cultural affairs at the Paris city hall , said authorities had no choice but to ban the cornet , which had been ruled illegal .
But he said he expected a solution would be found .
“ We can talk about making up the shortfall in what they earn and we can see if the ministry would be prepared to consider recognizing this as a profession , ” he said .
My first review of this product said , “ It really is terrific when it works .
Perhaps I just have n’t gotten the hang of it , but half the time , it does n’t seem to grab the cork . . . ” I ’m very glad to edit that review .
The problem really was my technical ineptitude and not any deficiency …
Zune to Be Forgotten
Overlooked in the carnage of Microsoft ’s second quarter was the performance of the company ’s Zune platform .
Which was , quite simply , atrocious .
Seems that $ 10 to $ 20 holiday discount did n’t do much good at all .
According to Microsoft ’s latest 10 - Q , “ Zune platform revenue decreased $ 100 million or 54 percent reflecting a decrease in device sales . ”
A precipitous decline .
And one that stands in stark contrast to the record 22,727,000 iPods Apple ( AAPL ) shipped during its latest quarter , representing three percent unit growth over the year - ago quarter .
Ca n’t really blame this one on the economy , can we Microsoft ( MSFT ) ?
“ Mute shoals of jobless men drifted through the streets of every American city in 1933 , ” wrote David M. Kennedy of Stanford , in his Pulitzer Prize - winning history of the Depression , “ Freedom From Fear ” ( Oxford , 1999 ) .
Roosevelt was inaugurated on March 4 , 1933 , amid a nationwide bank panic  the impetus of his memorable line , “ The only thing we have to fear is fear itself . ”
Roosevelt may have been lacking as an economist , but he was an extraordinary crisis manager .
The next day , he declared a national bank holiday , and set the Federal Reserve and the Treasury to work on a phased program to sort good banks from bad ones , provide financing and restore confidence in the banking system .
In his first fireside chat on March 12 , Roosevelt addressed the nation to discuss the banking crisis .
He started with a brief education in how banks work , with most money not held in their vaults but lent out .
“ The bank puts your money to work to keep the wheels of industry and of agriculture turning around , ” he said .
Bank runs , by themselves , can bring commerce to a halt .
He reassured his listeners , “ It is safer to keep your money in a reopened bank than under the mattress . ”
And he appealed : “ You people must have faith ; you must not be stampeded by rumors or guesses .
Let us unite in banishing fear . ”
At the time , listeners had only Roosevelt ’s word that his plans to stabilize the banking system would work .
But he had an uncanny ability to communicate in simple and convincing terms .
When the stock market reopened on March 15 after being closed for more than a week , the Dow Jones industrial average jumped more than 15 percent , the biggest percentage gain ever in one day .
“ Roosevelt was a genius at using those fireside chats to calm the national mood and restore confidence , ” said John Steele Gordon , an author and business historian .
“ Never underestimate the power of psychology in the economy .
We ’re seeing that now . ”
Microsoft is delivering a Windows software update designed to quash once and for all the difficulty of disabling Autorun , a feature that allows the spread of malware through CDs , USB , and other removable media .
The update fixes an unspecified issue that prevents the NoDriveTypeAutoRun registry key from working as expected , Microsoft says .
It comes a month after the US Computer Emergency Readiness Team called out Redmond for offering instructions on disabling Autorun that were " not fully effective . "
Autorun 's convenience has long been offset by the risk it poses .
That 's been a given since at least 2005 with the advent of the Sony rootkit fiasco , which in large part was enabled by the ability of music CDs to silently install anti-copying software on end users ' machines .
In the wake of Conficker , a worm that 's infected more than 10 million machines in the past three months , the stakes have never been higher .
Among the vectors it uses to spread , Conficker ( which also goes by the name Downadup ) makes use of USB flash drives and mapped networked drives to propagate to new machines .
This week 's update is the same fix that Microsoft made available here last May , so users who have already installed it ( and then carried out the instructions that follow ) should be safe .
Ironically , Microsoft describes the fix as a " non-security update , " and it offers this explanation : " In this case , we are communicating the availability of an update that affects your ability to perform subsequent updates , including security updates .
Therefore , this advisory does not address a specific security vulnerability ; rather , it addresses your overall security . "
We 're not sure about that .
What we do know is that if this update is the difference between Autorun being enabled or disabled , it will make users infinitely safer , and that can only be a good thing . ®
Discount Jewelry & Beads Search
Customer Comments
Inventor Wants to Geo-Engineer a Planetwide " Refrigerator "
January 5th , 2009 by Susan Kraemer
Bailing out the entire human race might turn out to be cheaper than bailing out Wall Street :
Spray gigatons of seawater into the air , mainly in the Northern Hemisphere , and let Mother Nature do the rest , suggests inventor Ron Acer in a patent petition for “ a colossal refrigeration system with a 100,000 - fold performance multiplier . ”
“ The Earth has a giant air - conditioning problem , ” he said .
“ I ’m proposing to put a thermostat on the planet . ”
He estimates that his design would cost only a few billion dollars to implement on a global scale .
( Much less than $ 700 billion )
[ social_buttons ]
He suggests installing devices that spray seawater up to 200 feet into the air next to deserts and other arid or windy sites near seawater , such as the African , South American and Mediterranean coasts .
An internationally known climate scientist has roughly simulated Acer ’s idea on a model that ’s used extensively by top scientists to study global warming , and estimates that this could cool the world by nearly 1 degree Fahrenheit every 30 years , reducing the current warming rate .
In addition , it would be the cheapest way to transport water to drought - stricken regions , counteract desert expansions , increase natural irrigation for crops and boost the output of hydroelectric power plants .
The scientist , Stanford ’s Kenneth Caldeira at the Department of Global Ecology , says that Ron Acer ’s giant humidifier might just work .
He will submit his computer findings for peer - reviewed publication this spring .
Caldeira is among the scientists who met last year in a last - ditch effort to brainstorm geo-engineering climate change solutions .
As Caldeira put it : “ Every brilliant innovation in the history of technology looked a little bit loony when first proposed . ”
Ron Acer holds 70 patents worldwide but has had commercial success on fewer than 20 of them .
Related technology :
Seawater Greenhouse
Teatro Del Agua
From Greg Gordon at McClatchey Newspapers
Image Credit : fjny via flickr.com on a Creative Commons license
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Photos and a video of Tree , 44 , approaching Sam while talking gently to her , and feeding her water from a plastic bottle as she put her burned claw in his cold , wet hand quickly hit video sharing website YouTube , making her an Internet sensation .
But it was after reaching a wildlife shelter that Sam met and befriended Bob , who was saved by wildlife workers on Friday , two days before Sam , in Boolarra , about 180 km from Melbourne .
Tree , who has been a volunteer firefighter for 26 years , said it was extremely rare to get so close to a koala so he asked his colleague Brayden Groen , 20 , to film him .
" You can how she stops and moves forward and looks at me .
It was like a look saying " I can't run , I 'm weak and sore , put me out of my misery , " " Tree said .
" I yelled out for some water and I sat down with her and tipped the water up .
It was in my hand and she reached for the bottle then put her right claw into my left hand which was cold so it must have given her some pain relief and she just left it there .
It was just amazing . "
Inspiring love story Sam was taken to the Southern Ash Wildlife Shelter in Rawson .
Her story was reminiscent of a koala named Lucky who survived the 2003 bushfires that destroyed about 500 homes and killed four people in the capital of Canberra .
Lucky became a symbol of hope .
Colleen Wood from the Southern Ash Wildlife Shelter that is caring for Sam and Bob said both koalas were doing well while other animals like possums , kangaroos , and wallabies were also starting to emerge from the debris .
She said Sam had suffered second degree burns to her paws and would take seven to eight months to recover while Bob had three burned paws with third degree burns and should be well enough to return to the bush in about four months .
" They keep putting their arms around each other and giving each other hugs .
They really have made friends and it is quite beautiful to see after all this .
It 's been horrific , " said Wood .
" Sam is probably aged between two to four going by her teeth and Bob is about four so they have a muchness with each other . "
Wood said about 20 koalas had been brought into her shelter in recent days , several of whom had bonded as koalas are known to clump together , but none had garnered the same attention as the new Internet star Sam .
Tree , a volunteer with the Country Fire Authority Victoria , has visited Sam since her rescue and was delighted to see she had found a boyfriend in Bob .
" They 've really taken a shine to each other as they are both burned and share the same burned smell , " he said .
" My heart goes out to the people in these fires and this was so innocent so people have used this to distract them from all the sad stuff that has gone on .
It gives people a bit of hope . "
Reuters
ADVERTISEMENT
Calif. politician blames budget woes on ' Republican infection ' David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Thursday February 19 , 2009
Print This Email This State lawmakers break logjam over budget , pass bills with ' super majority ' vote
When California Republicans replaced the state 's senate minority leader for siding with Democrats over a budget conflation , ultimately delaying the deal by a single vote after weeks of frantic negotiations , that was a step too far for Lt. Governor John Garamendi .
Accusing the state 's GOP of attempting to shut down the government , in the vein of the Gingrich - led federal shutdown of 1995 , Garamendi said Wednesday to MSNBC anchor Contessa Brewer that California 's budget crisis was caused by " a Republican infection . "
State lawmakers early Thursday passed a fiscal plan aimed at closing the state 's $ 42 billion budget deficit , which threatened a financial meltdown in the world 's eighth - largest economy .
The budget package passed after Republican Abel Maldonado agreed to support the measures in exchange for changes to California 's electoral law and the removal from the plan of a 12 - cent - per - gallon hike in the gasoline tax .
Lawmakers began voting on a series of 33 budget bills shortly after midnight and completed their approval at 6:55 a.m. -- four minutes after sunrise .
The support allowed the budget measure to pass 27 to 12 , giving Democrats the two - thirds majority necessary to approve the bill .
The plan calls for nearly 13 billion dollars in new taxes and more than 15 billion dollars in spending cuts that Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said were necessary to prevent California 's economy from " going off a cliff . "
" Rather than approaching this unprecedented crisis with gimmicks and temporary solutions , we took the difficult but responsible steps to address our entire 42 billion dollar budget deficit , " Schwarzenegger said in a statement .
" I look forward to partnering with the people to make sure these bipartisan reform measures are passed , to put an end to our budget roller coaster and get California moving forward again . "
California is the only US state that requires a so - called " super majority " to both pass a budget and approve any new taxes .
" It is a major roadblock to any new progress , " said the Lt. Governor .
" And then , when you have recalescent Republicans that have taken a no new tax pledge and seem to really just want to throw this state , and the nation , into chaos and further decline in the economy .
Then , we have the gridlock that we see now .
" We need to change our constitution , go to maybe a 55 percent vote .
And we need to make sure these Republicans are held accountable for the continued layoffs in California , for the shutdown of construction projects and for this state being on the brink . "
The Lt. Governor also criticised Gov. Schwarzenegger , a Republican , for " failed leadership . "
" He spent five years saying no new taxes , the problem is spending , " said Garamendi .
" Last summer he came to realize that really we do have a revenue problem ...
But he never took that message to the public and he certainly did n't work with individual legislators . "
The Lt. Governor pronounced California 's economic woes a symptom of " a Republican infection that 's really spreading across this nation . "
Gov. Schwarzenegger is expected to sign the package into law on Friday .
State officials had warned California 's budget deficit could reach 42 billion dollars by 2010 , and were on the verge of halting hundreds of construction projects and slashing up to 10,000 jobs if a budget was not passed .
California has an unemployment rate of 9.3 percent , much worse than the US national average .
This video is from MSNBC , broadcast Feb. 18 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
With wire reports .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
The most surprising lapses , however , are in the great states of the Mississippi Valley whose prosperity has been almost proverbial .
In Missouri , with such growing centres as St. Louis and Kansas City , which together show an increase of 196,000 , we find 71 counties out of 100 in which the population has declined , with an aggregate loss of 132,000 ; and with an increase in urban territory of 255,000 there has been a decrease in the rural parts of 68,000 .
Iowa has 71 counties out of 99 which have lost an aggregate of 18,000 ; yet most of her 77 cities have gained , and the increase in urban territory is about 113,000 while the decrease in the rural parts is 120,000 .
Indiana has 57 counties out of 92 which have lost ; her urban territory has gained 267,000 , but there has been a falling off in the rural parts of 83,000 .
Illinois has 50 counties out of her 97 which show a loss ; in her urban territory the increase has been a falling off in the rural parts of 83,000 .
Illinois has 50 counties out of her 97 which show a loss ; in her urban territory the increase has reached the enormous number of 810,000 , but the gain in the rural territory has been only 6,455 .
Wisconsin , adjacent to Illinois and Iowa , makes a little better showing , yet 21 counties have lost in this state over against 50 which have made a gain ; the population in her urban territory has grown 193,000 , while that in the rural has increased by 71,594 .
Not to pursue this record of particular states any further , it is enough to say that among the 2941 counties in all the states , we find 798 in which the population was less in 1910 than it had been ten years before .
If we compare with this the record of the previous decade , we find that between 1890 and 1900 there were 378 counties in which there was a decline ; and going back to the tenth census we find that between 1870 and 1880 the number was little over a hundred .
This is interesting in connection with the fact that the increase of population in urban territory throughout the country in this decade was over eleven million and in the rural less than five million .
It all points to a widespread movement from the farm to the town and the metropolis .
It was to be expected that a decline would appear in the products of the farm .
The following are examples of this .
The corn crop of 1910 was less than that of ten years before by 114,000,000 bushels .
The wheat crop was greater on account of the better yield , but the number of acres on which it was grown was less by over 8,000,000 .
The apple crops was smaller by 27,876,000 bushels , and fewer small fruits were grown by 36,653,000 quarts .
The right way of estimating a country 's products , however , is in their proportion to the number of people .
As our population has increased about sixteen million , the amount needs to be much greater to afford each individual an equal quantity for maintenance .
The fair way of reckoning , then , is by the amount produced for every thousand inhabitants .
Proceeding thus , we find that in 1910 for every thousand inhabitants wheat was grown on 212 fewer acres than in 1900 , with a product of 1236 fewer bushels , but with a valuation greater by $ 2283 ; 30.6 per cent less land , 14.3 per cent less production , but 46.9 per cent greater value .
Corn was grown on 178 fewer acres for every thousand inhabitants , with a product of 7337 bushels less , but with a value $ 4743 greater ; 14.7 per cent less land , 20.9 per cent less product , 43.5 per cent greater value .
Taking all cereals together , for every thousand inhabitants , the acreage in 1910 was 341 less , the product 9310 fewer bushels , but with a value $ 9460 greater than in 1900 ; 14 per cent less land , 16 per cent greater value .
For orchard fruits , including apples , pears , peaches , oranges , and the like , the number of trees of bearing age , for every thousand inhabitants , in 1910 as compared with 1900 , was 1586 less , the product 446 bushels less , the value $ 430 more ; 32.6 per cent fewer trees , 16.1 per cent less fruit , 39 per cent greater value .
For all crops , for every thousand inhabitants , the acreage in 1910 was less than in 1900 by 342 acres , while the value of the product was estimated to be $ 20,202 greater ; 9.18 per cent less land under cultivation and a product costing 51.2 per cent more .
With such a decrease in crops , particularly those required for feeding animals , it was inevitable that there should be a falling off in the amount of live stock on farms .
The census enumeration tells us that in this decade the number of neat cattle decreased 5,916,000 ; of swine 4,682,000 ; of sheep , 9,056,000 .
The proportions to population are as follows :
For every thousand inhabitants the number of cattle on farms decreased 219 , while their value increased $ 2.38 per head ; the number of swine decreased 195 , and their value increased $ 3.17 per head ; the number of sheep decreased 238 , and their value increased $ 1.67 per head .
It is argued in explanation that the enumeration for the census of 1900 was made on June 1 , while that of 1910 was on April 15 , in the midst of the bearing season , when the numbers would naturally be lower than at the end of that season .
But we do not find any such decrease in the number of horses , mules or goats ; rather a large increase .
Again , it is said that the passing away of the great cattle - ranges of the western plains is the cause of the decrease .
But this does not explain why a dozen of the older Northern states show , every one , a falling off in the number of cattle on their farms , amounting in all to nearly two million head , with a corresponding decrease in their number of swine and sheep .
The plainer explanation is the decline of rural population in so many counties and the decrease in those products of the farm which are necessary to the feeding of these animals .
So the rising prices of beef , pork , and mutton are directly traceable to the decline of our rural population .
It is the same , of course , with the rising prices of cereals , fruits , and all the other products of the farm .
This touches other people besides those within the boundaries of the United States .
Heretofore large quantities of bread - stuffs , meats , and fruit have been exported to other countries and have borne an important part of their sustenance .
Of necessity there is a decrease in these exports .
Higher prices must then follow in all the countries with which we have commercial relations , and wherever there is want of food we may expect the want to be aggravated .
This is involved in our world - wide relationships at the present time .
There is a more serious consequence , however , than scarcity of food ; it is lowering of character .
Governor Eberhart of Minnesota tells of a visit he made to Minneapolis in a harvest emergency , for laborers to gather wheat .
[ See Endnote 1 ] .
The farmers were at their wits ' ends to save their crops .
It was said that the city was full of the unemployed who were looking everywhere for jobs .
He found them , as he says , ' seated on the park benches in all sections of the city and overflowing to the curb stones .
Work , it seemed , could not be found .
Some of the men were on the verge of starvation , and the charitable organizations of the city were taxed to their utmost capacity to provide for them . '
It looked as if his task would be an easy one and he could take back as many men as he wished .
He picked out his men and told them he wanted their help .
They were eager for the chance and said they could do anything .
He spoke of the service he had in mind in the country and on the farms , when instantly their faces fell and they were as glum as they had been before .
Their answer was : ' We do n't want to go to the country , boss .
We do n't want to live on a farm .
There 's nothin ' for us there , -- no life , no entertainment , no lights , -- nothin ' but monotony and work .
We 'd rather stay in the city and starve than go to the country an ' have nothing to do but work .
No , sir we stay right here . '
And stay they did .
He could n't get one of them to go with him , and the farmers had to harvest their wheat as best they could while the city held in its grasp , unemployed , enough men to garner all the crops of the state .
We cannot suppose that Minneapolis was any worse than other cities in this particular .
It is likely that a proposal of this sort would have been received by the unemployed in any one of a thousand American cities in much of the same way .
And that is the worst of it , for it means an essentially wrong attitude of mind in multitudes of people .
Willingness to lie idle rather than to undertake anything they do not quite like , to hang on charity rather than to go where they are wanted and can be of use , with callous incapacity for hearing any call of duty or feeling any thrill of interest at a summons for help in an hour of somebody 's crying necessity .
That is the kind of men that our cities make , or too many such .
People flock to the cities for the advantages there offered , and find disadvantages .
Parents sell their wholesome country homes because of their children , and go where there are grand churches , superior schools , and attractive libraries , to find themselves in close proximity to drinking saloons , dance - halls , gambling dens , and indescribable allurements to vice .
Is that better for their boys and girls , or is the new atmosphere heavy with influences that are a peril ?
There are fifty churches in a city and a thousand saloons .
The churches are open one day and two or three evenings in each week .
The saloons are open every week - day all day long and far into the night .
Boys and young men are not attracted to the churches .
The saloons hold out all sorts of attractions to beguile them within their doors .
What wonder that so many city boys grow up with disordered appetites and depraved tastes !
A gentleman was recently heard to say , ' As I go along the street the sight of cigars in the store windows makes me want to smoke and I step in and buy when otherwise I should not think of it . '
This gentleman is an eminent scholar , a principal of a boys ' school , an advocate of reforms , and influential in church and society .
If the temptation of the store windows was too much for him , can we expect his pupils to be proof against it ?
Do we understand the extent to which these artificial appetites are being cultivated and what this means ?
With a lessening of the food - supply there comes a more constant resort to stimulants and narcotics .
The hungry go for solace to drink and tobacco , sometimes to more powerful drugs .
We can easily imagine that those loungers whom Governor Eberhart saw in the parks of Minneapolis were , most of them , habituated to these indulgences .
But these practices grow in prevalence among all classes of people .
They are not so common in the country , but are most rife in all our centres of population .
And abundant provision is made for them .
The prices of flour and meat may advance , but somehow the cost of whiskey and tobacco is kept within the reach of even the very poor .
Cigarettes to - day do not cost more than half what they did ten years ago , and three or four times as many of them are used .
[ See Endnote 2 ] .
Some products of the farm have not decreased during this decade .
Barley , which goes largely to breweries and distilleries , was grown on 3,228,000 more acres in 1910 than in 1900 , the product was greater by 53,709,000 bushels , and the valuation by $ 50,826,000 .
Tobacco was grown on 193,451 acres more , its product was greater by 187,652,000 pounds , and its valuation by $ 47,315,000 .
We find too that while exports of breadstuffs and meats have declined , it has not been so with tobacco ; on the contrary , the export of leaf tobacco increased within the ten years including 1912 some 79,000,000 pounds .
Our Internal Revenue receipts offer a measure of the amount of these products .
The taxes derived from distilled and malt liquors and from tobacco , as reported by the United States Commissioner , in 1912 amounted to $ 290,250,000 .
This was considerably more than the entire congressional appropriations for the army and navy ; and in sixteen months these taxes pour into the treasury more than the estimated cost of the Panama Canal .
These taxes have nearly doubled within twenty years , indicating how rapidly these habits of cultivating and indulging artificial appetites have been spreading throughout our country .
In a highly organized community there is a possibility that children will grow up to be like the parts of a machine fitting snugly into their little places and moving there with hardly a thought of what their life means ; making of custom a slavery ; bowing in craven fealty to a boss , to a business , a sect , an order , a party , any sort of fashionable convention , with never a sentiment of devotion to any burning truth or any grand cause , and with scarcely any recognition of those responsibilities which give to life its dignity and splendor .
Many great human qualities come to their best in a life of comparative isolation .
A big tree , an oak or an elm , standing out in an open field , has a toughness of fibre , a spread of boughs and roundness of shape that are never seen in a tree that stands in the woods .
So people get individuality by being much alone .
They become self - reliant by relying on themselves .
They gain clear opinions by thinking things over , and thinking them out to their necessary conclusions .
They acquire inflexibility of purpose by facing obstacles and conquering them .
The pioneers of our country and the fathers of the republic were such men .
The projectors of great undertakings carried through triumphantly have acquired their power in this way .
The country is the natural nursery of such qualities .
People are wanted on the farms to raise corn and grow stock for the markets ; but they are wanted there far more for the training of manhood and womanhood in moral worth , in religious sensibility , in all the traits of a strong , upright personality .
In the future as never heretofore , our cities with their multiplying wealth and lavish luxury are likely to need the country for that steady renewal of their better life which shall keep them from relaxing into sensuality and sinking into decay .
Endnote 1 : ' What I am Trying to Do. ' by Adolph O. Eberhart .
** The World 's Work** , April , 1913 , p.671 .
Endnote 2 : The number of cigarettes on which revenue tax was paid for the year ended June 30 , 1906 , was 3,793,359,903 ; for the half - year ended December 31 , 1912 , it was 7,121,012,610 , equivalent to over fourteen billion a year .
This is the increase in seven years .
The Atlantic Monthly ; September 1913 ; The Drift to the Cities ; Volume 112 , No. 3 ; pages 34 - 38 .
There are hundreds of iPhone applications available on the market , from games through to photo editing and sharing applications , many of which are available through the Apple App Store .
It is a well known fact that the 2 megapixel iPhone camera is n’t the best phone camera around and even more disappointingly is that it cannot capture video recordings .
Well cheer up iPhone fans , there are some great 3rd party apps that can enhance your iPhone photography experience by enabling you to edit and share your photos easily with family and friends .
There are also some ingenious applications that enable you to capture video on your iPhone and share it .
These are some of the best .
Apps for Editing Photos
These applications are fun and can turn your iPhone photographs into unique works of art .
1. Oldbooth
This clever little application can change boring profile photographs into comic portraits , or even give them an authentic old world feel .
All you need to do is take a new photograph or select a photo from your iPhone photo library and then select a mask from Oldbooth .
There are stacks of male and female bodies to choose from and you can resize , rotate and even adjust the brightness of your photo to match .
Once done , just fit your profile photo into the mask and you have a brand new , old world photograph of yourself .
You can download Oldbooth from the Apple App Store for $ 1.99 .
2. Tiltshift
In traditional photography , the Tilt - shift technique was used to bring objects located near and far into focus .
Nowadays the same principle is used to create unusual and interesting digital photographs .
Tiltshift has now come to the iPhone and the software enables you to focus in on a small area of the photograph , while the surrounding areas are blurred .
This gives the “ tiny model ” effect and is great to highlight people in crowd or just to create an interesting photograph .
You can download Tiltshift from the Apple App Store for $ 1.99 .
3. CameraBag
Get creative with this great editing tool .
CameraBag enables you to apply 8 different filter effects to your photos , based on camera type .
For instance you can apply a fish eye filter , or select ‘ 1962 ’ to turn your color photograph into a black and white image .
Other filters enable you to give your images washed out highlights , or unique coloring .
You can even crop the images using the ‘ Helga ’ filter .
CameraBag is available to download in the Apple App Store for $ 2.99 .
4. Comic Touch
This fun application allows you to add comic speech bubbles to your photographs .
It even has a camera mode so that you can take photographs and immediately add the speech bubbles to them .
Of course you can also edit existing iPhone photographs from the on - phone picture gallery .
In addition to the bubbles , you can also distort the photographs by making them bulge , stretch or even squeezing them .
For these and many more features go to the Comic Touch website or download the application from the Apple App Store for $ 4.99 .
5. Picoli
A traditional type of photograph editing tool , Picoli enables you to brighten ; sharpen and apply multiple filters to you photographs on your iPhone .
Picoli has a multiple of special effects and filters including sepia ; night vision and colour dithering .
It is easy to use and an essential for any iPhone user .
Available for $ 2.99 in the Apple App Store .
6. Pano
Amaze your friends with some fantastic panoramic pictures you took with your iPhone .
Of course you do need to buy the 3rd party application Pano create the panoramas , but at $ 2.99 it is well worth it .
All you need to do is select , or take a few consecutive photographs and Pano will stitch them together seamlessly .
The application comes with a handy guide to help you line up the shots and make the resulting photograph look professional .
You can download Pano from the Apple App Store for $ 2.99 .
Apps for Sharing Photos
Taking and editing photographs with your iPhone is one thing , however being able to share them easily and quickly with friends and family makes the experience all the more pleasurable .
7. Kyte Producer
This free application enables you to publish your photographs from your iPhone to Myspace , Facebook or any other website .
Kyte Producer is capable of broadcasting the images the instant you take them .
In addition to this , you can also create a slideshow from your iPhone picture gallery and even chat with your viewers in real - time .
You can download this great application for free from the Apple App Store .
8. AroundShare
Similar in concept to Kyte Producer , AroundShare enables you to publish your photographs to Flickr , Twitter , Google Maps and even WordPress blogs .
The distinct advantage of this application is that users can subscribe to any AroundShare RSS feed and import the full resolution photographs onto their iPhones .
This application is available for free in the App Store .
9 . Twitxr
Another great iPhone photograph sharing application is Twitxr .
It is said to be in direct competition with Twitpic however this application has been proven to be very easy to use .
Once the Twitxr account has been configured online , it is simple to post iPhone photographs to Twitter , Facebook , Flickr and even Picasa .
You can sign up for this publishing application for free .
10 . PixelPipe
With over 50 supported destination sites including Twitter , Flickr , YouTube , Facebook and any WordPress website , PixelPipe is certainly a favorite photo sharing application among iPhone users .
The application is free to use and it is very easy to geotag photographs and submit them to the various destination sites .
Download it from the Apple App Store .
11 . Phanfare
A leading photograph sharing application for the iPhone , Phanfare will automatically upload your photographs and videos from your iPhone into your Phanfare account in the background so you can continue to use your iPhone without having to wait for the upload to finish .
You even get 1GB of storage when you sign up to Phanfare .
Other features of this application include the ability to create slideshows , albums and even add captions to your photographs – all from your iPhone .
Other Useful Photo Apps
There are other amazing photography related applications to download onto your iPhone , which are incredibly handy to have .
12 . PicVault
If you ever take photographs with your iPhone which you do not want everyone to be able to see , then PicVault is a must - have application .
Once you have downloaded the application , it prompts you to create pin number for a secure folder .
You can then move photographs in and out of this discreetly named ‘ PV ’ folder on your iPhone .
No one can access the ‘ PV ’ images without your pin number .
Available for $ 2.99 on the App Store .
13 . Night Camera
Photographs taken at night from your phone tend to come out blurry due to the longer exposure time needed under poor lighting conditions .
Night Camera helps to sharpen photographs taken on your iPhone at night .
When you depress the shutter , Night Camera takes accelerometer readings for 3 seconds and when it determines that your hands are steady enough , it will take the photograph .
At only $ 0.99 , Night Camera is an essential iPhone application for any photographer .
14 . PhotoCalc
PhotoCalc is n’t an editing or sharing application but rather a must - have application for any serious photographer .
Calculating the correct exposure and flash settings when using proper camera equipment is difficult to do mentally .
PhotoCalc will do the relevant calculations for you including aperture and shutter speeds .
It will also calculate the depth of field , flash settings and even has a location - based solar calculator for sunrise and sunset .
Download it from the App Store for $ 2.99 .
Video Applications
Video capturing is n’t native to the iPhone , however there are some 3rd party applications that will enable you to record video on your iPhone and not all of them require you to jailbreak your phone .
15 . 12Seconds
For those wary of jailbreaking their iPhones , 12 Seconds is the perfect video capturing solution .
After downloading the software , all that is required to create a video is to take or select 3 photographs on your iPhone and then record 12 seconds of audio .
12 Seconds works really well for putting together family video from photos taken on your iPhone
16 . iPhone Video Recorder
One of the most expensive video capturing applications , the iPhone Video Recorder enables you to capture proper video recordings on your iPhone .
The downside is that you have to jailbreak your phone first in order to use it .
Once you have downloaded the application , the video recorder will record at a rate of 15 fps and saves the recording in a compressed MPEG4 format .
It also comes with image quality controls and four different video size modes .
You can buy the iPhone Video Recorder for $ 24.95 .
17 . Cycorder
If you do n’t want to spend a fortune to turn your iPhone into a video record , then Cycorder is the application for you .
Free to use , this application still requires you to jailbreak your iPhone first .
It apparently uses the same MJPEG compression algorithms as digital compact cameras and enables you to record videos at a rate of up to 15 fps depending on the available light .
The quality of the video is very good compared with similar products on the market .
18 . Animoto
If you do n’t want a complicated video application but you do want to be able to create fancy slideshows with background music , then Animoto is a great tool .
You can select between 8 and 16 photographs from your iPhone picture library and then select a song listed in one of the 9 different music genres .
Together Animoto will create a slideshow with background music .
An additional feature of this free application is that you can email your slideshow to your friends and family .
19 . Qik
This video - recording application for the iPhone uses the iPhone video - capable camera to encode and live - stream video to the Qik website from the phone .
You do need to jailbreak your iPhone first before you can use the application , but once it is set up Qik is a great way to share your videos with family and friends .
20 . CBS EyeMobile
Not a video recording application as such , but CBS EyeMobile is a great way to appease the budding journalist in you .
The application enables users to upload photographs and videos directly to the CBS citizen journalist website , EyeMobile , from your iPhone .
Here you can track the latest discussions on reports , add your own comments and get updated reports on breaking news .
There are many more 3rd party photo and video applications available for the iPhone .
There are even iPhone printing applications available that make it easy to take your edited photo and wirelessly print to your inkjet printer .
These and myriad more apps are available to make your iPhone even more indispensable than it already is !
Original review : May 23 , 2019
I have been using another product but my insurance switched me to the generic version of the ProAir inhaler manufactured by Teva .
I noticed an immediate difference after the first couple of doses .
The product does not propel out of the inhaler and it does n’t seem to last as long as my other inhaler .
When I returned it to the pharmacy , they told me they could n’t do anything about it & gave me a number to call Teva directly .
Teva told me to rinse the inhaler every day or two & that should solve the problem , but after rinsing , drying & using - it still does not propel out of the dispenser with any force and the medicine does not seem to last the 4 hours between doses .
Teva has agreed to replace it ( so another trip to the pharmacy today ) but I am worried that this medicine is just not effective .
Feeling a bit helpless since I need this to breathe ...
What do software engineers , flight attendants , factory workers , mail carriers , truck drivers , and hospital nurses have in common ?
According to HBS professor Michel Anteby , these professions — and many others just as dissimilar , maybe even yours — inform a " moral gray zone " that allows discreet but regular ways for staff and supervisors to engage in officially forbidden yet tolerated practices at work .
" Gray zones emerge when official company rules are repeatedly broken with , at minimum , a supervisor 's tacit or explicit approval , " says Anteby .
In the case of software engineers , the quiet rule - breaking could mean developing code with management 's approval for open - source external company projects .
For mail carriers , the moral gray zone might mean finishing duties early yet staying " on the clock " until the workday has officially ended .
In both cases , managers are usually aware of these activities yet turn a blind eye , says Anteby .
Why ?
Is that because such managers are nice people ?
Or do supervisors see hidden yet important benefits in a company culture that tacitly encourages — and nourishes — gray zones ?
Anteby 's recent book , Moral Gray Zones : Side Productions , Identity , and Regulation in an Aeronautic Plant ( Princeton University Press ) , looks at how craftsmen establish and fulfill professional identity while simultaneously skirting rules against the creation of personal artifacts on company time and with company materials .
While such settings may become less common as manufacturing loses influence , in the following email Q&A Anteby explains that moral gray zones operate everywhere , at all levels of organizations .
What 's more , they will probably remain strong in the years to come .
" To date , I have not found a single person unable to articulate in his or her work context a moral gray zone , " says Anteby .
What does your office do to sustain one ?
Martha Lagace : How prevalent are gray zones ?
“ To date , I have not found a single person unable to articulate in his or her work context a moral gray zone . ”
Very prevalent , but not all gray zones are moral .
Following sociologist Emile Durkheim 's use of morality , moral practices are defined as those deemed acceptable by a given society or group .
The moral labeling is therefore a collective process .
A worker and a supervisor cannot together deem a practice moral ; instead a larger collective needs to agree to the label .
Consider , for instance , an employee stealing repeatedly — with his manager 's approval — from the cash register .
That practice is a gray zone , but would hardly qualify as a moral one .
By contrast , the same employee setting aside a clothing item in a storage room to later purchase for himself when the item will be deeply discounted is a gray zone as well .
In high - end department stores such practices are often tolerated .
This leniency when moderately exhibited is widely seen as " good " practice , a small favor done to reward deserving employees , and as such qualifies as a moral gray zone .
Quantifying moral gray zones is a difficult exercise .
Identifying them , first , requires in - depth knowledge of a given work setting .
Quantifying them , next , requires multiple managers and employees answering questions that could get them fired if the company decided to apply its rules to the letter .
This is why ethnographic approaches are best suited to document such practices .
Ethnographers spend extended periods of time in the field and therefore see or are told by informants what others might miss .
At the same time , a limitation is that we cannot quantify what we observe .
However , to date I have not found a single person unable to articulate in his or her work context a moral gray zone .
Harvard Business
School students constantly share with me their stories of moral gray zones and update me on current practices .
Recently , for instance , I was surprised to learn that a student who worked in the U.S. pulp industry was asked by his co-workers to punch them out later than they actually finished work .
Management apparently was aware of this practice and allowed it : a prime example , I suspect , of a moral gray zone .
Q : Using the example of paramedics , how do gray zones operate and why are they significant ?
Occupations , de facto , provide the shared , collective level of understanding that allows moral gray zones to exist .
Nurses , paramedics , or flight attendants , for instance , share common training , practices , and social identities that place them in a readily available collective .
Paramedics are a telling example given the costly implications of malpractice in the United States .
Paramedics are supposed to bring patients to attending physicians ( most often in emergency rooms ) and are not supposed to perform many medical acts .
Officially , attending physicians are the ones performing the acts .
Yet in some instances , to save " crashing patients " ( meaning patients who seem about to die ) , paramedics will perform acts that they are not officially allowed to perform .
Not all paramedics , however , are given such leeway — only the trusted ones .
When physicians are aware of these breaches , yet remain silent , we are in the midst of a moral gray zone .
Two broader implications can be drawn from this example .
First , leniencies are part of the managerial toolkit .
They allow for " local regulation " : in other words , they allow work to be done .
Second , by allowing trusted paramedics to " save lives " even if this means bending the rules a bit , physicians cater to the paramedics ' occupational identities .
Paramedics become who they aspire to be , namely " saviors . "
These paramedics are also more likely to cooperate with the physicians in the future .
Thus , moral gray zones enable both managers and workers to perform their roles .
Q : Gray zones might be detrimental to organizational health , even subversive .
When employees do things behind the scenes , an organization potentially loses revenue and material , as well as less - tangible benefits .
What is the balancing act needed to sustain gray zones ?
“ Moral gray zones enable both managers and workers to perform their roles . ”
Using the above example of paramedics , what is gained and lost ?
Obviously , some level of organizational control is lost because " control " now occurs at the field level between the physician and the paramedic .
In a way , top management loses power over its employees .
In gray zones involving material pursuits — such as when a clothing item that could have been sold at a higher price to a customer is kept hidden until it becomes deeply discounted — direct losses can be calculated .
At the same time , managers gain the employees ' engagement , and perhaps , more importantly , managers get to decide who benefits from its leniencies .
While such freedom can lead to abuses , overall it tests the ability of middle management to manage .
A key assumption is that middle management exercises proper judgment in selectively exhibiting leniencies .
Moral gray zones therefore rely on trust , at all levels , and might not be appropriate in all contexts .
Strong occupational communities often provide the needed guidelines to ensure proper use of these leniencies .
Theof leniencies is a problem ; its routine use , I would argue , is less so .
Q : You assert that managers are usually aware of gray zones .
How do managers benefit from gray zones to the degree that they notice them and even perhaps cultivate them ?
Is there anything managers can do to improve a " negative " gray zone ?
A key test of the morality of a gray zone is the extent to which it entails shared practices .
But newly appointed managers often do not know if the practice is shared .
So let 's consider two cases .
First case :
The manager notices the practice is an anomaly or is only confined to her team .
An obvious next step is to do away with it , explaining precisely why it should be discontinued .
Second case :
The " morality " of the practice is confirmed .
For instance , all similar teams operate in the observed manner , regardless of their employer or the geography .
In that case — and if the practice does not violate broader social norms — it is then important for the manager to signal that she is " in the know . "
This signals that the leniency is actively permitted , not a default choice .
Then defining the boundaries of the practice becomes necessary : Setting one or two clothing items aside can be tolerated ; setting aside ten for resale should be sanctioned .
Q : How will gray zones evolve in the future ?
The fact that contemporary organizations might rely on more elaborate employee monitoring mechanisms could appear to endanger the existence of moral gray zones .
For instance , whereas truck drivers in the past could pick up passengers en route , today a video camera is often used to monitor the driver 's seat .
In some instances a driver can lose his job if he picks up a passenger — a practice that goes against company rules but that used to be often tolerated .
However , two important reasons suggest that moral gray zones are here to stay .
First , moral gray zones involve tacit managerial approval .
Thus , it is not because employees are more highly monitored that gray zones will disappear ; instead , employees are now made more aware of their supervisor 's tacit approval .
In other words , the give and take operating in gray zones is made more explicit .
A second important reason to see the development of moral gray zones is the high burden bestowed upon individuals these days to prove themselves in their occupation .
Imagine two software engineers with similar technical training , both vying for recognition .
One is located in London and the other in Bangalore .
Both likely do similar work and may experience threats — distinct in intensity and nature — to their occupational identity .
For the one in London , an upcoming cost reduction wave could eliminate her job .
For the one in Bangalore , the most rewarding work is probably done in London , and her earnings are likely to be lower than those of her London counterparts .
With the arrival of new candidates from diverse backgrounds in occupations operating across geographies , it seems reasonable to expect the contest for recognition to intensify .
Many moral gray zones provide readily available intra- and inter-occupational sorting mechanisms .
In global labor markets , moral gray zones will likely blossom .
Q : What are you working on next ?
My research focuses mainly on questions of social identities and morality .
was an attempt to explore this interplay in the context of a community with strong norms — craftsmen in a low - turnover factory setting .
This led me to want to explore similar issues in the absence of strong norms .
My current project focuses on potentially contested practice where few norms seem to prevail .
Whole - body donations for medical education and research provide the setting for this project .
The goal is to understand how individuals and organizations operate in this context .
How ( moral ) norms emerge , and are enforced , are questions at the core of my research .
The Perl world often speaks of the DarkPAN .
This is the CPAN 's big brother .
Where the CPAN contains millions of lines of freely - available , reusable , and tested Perl code , no one knows how big the DarkPAN is , what it contains , or if it 's tested .
Where there are CPAN testers , CPAN metrics , CPAN searching , comprehensive CPAN history , and CPAN code search and cross referencing , none of those features are available for the DarkPAN .
In short , we do n't know where the DarkPAN is .
We do n't know what it contains .
We do n't know which versions of Perl it uses , which CPAN modules it uses , which XS functions it uses , which Perl idioms it uses , and which bugs it relies on going unfixed .
It 's a big wad of unknown that we suspect exists but can't measure .
The Perl 5 Porters have a fabulous resource named Andreas J. König , not coincidentally the maintainer of the CPAN module .
Andreas often posts Bleadperl Breaks CPAN reports , where he identifies specific changes to Perl under development which have caused test failures in CPAN modules .
At that point , the question is whether the change to bleadperl is wrong , or whether the module did something wrong .
One or the other gets fixed .
That does n't work for the DarkPAN .
CPAN testing is automatable ( proof : it 's automated , and has been for years ) .
DarkPAN testing is not .
Every module uploaded to the CPAN and added to the index gets tested and analyzed and cross-referenced and , look at that , there 's another piece of data added to the giant feedback loop which is community - driven software development .
Every piece of DarkPAN code added stays in the dark , where none of this works ...
... unless someone deliberately extracts relevant code from the DarkPAN and puts on the CPAN ( which happens ) , or tracks bleadperl snapshots and testing releases and reports changes ( which rarely happens ) , or files bugs after a release ( which happens ) .
That 's how community - driven software development works .
If you 're willing to work with the community in the open , we all benefit many times over .
There 's one small problem , however .
No one wants to break code in the DarkPAN .
Note please that " break code " in the Perl 5 world is often a euphemism for establishing and following a deprecation policy .
No one 's advocating removing major features such as AUTOLOAD , as tempting as that might be .
Yet the specter of the DarkPAN often arises in discussions where it's the final nuclear deterrant against adding a simple piece of syntax to simplify a task which is more laborious it ought to be in a language under development in 2009 .
" We do n't know what it would break , " they say , and that ends the argument .
When I write software which matters , I create a test suite .
I choose dependencies carefully .
I never upgrade it in production without running the tests .
( Sometimes I run the test suite just for the fun of it . )
The function of that code matters , so I 'm cautious .
If I upgrade a dependency , I run the test suite .
If I find a bug , I add it to the test suite .
If I upgrade my version of Perl , I run the test suite .
In short , I take responsibility for identifying and diagnosing all potentially functional changes to the behavior of my code even if they come from external resources .
It 's my responsibility as maintainer of that code to keep it running , and I know of no better way than to maintain a comprehensive , sane test suite to verify that it maintains the behavior I intended .
I expect the people to whom I distribute the software to do the same , so I include the test suite there .
It 's common sense software management .
It 's common sense operations .
Not so with the DarkPAN .
Somehow , the Perl world has decided that this unmeasurable , unknowable conglomeration of code which may or may not exist is incapable of performing software and operations management to a minimal degree of competence , despite the fact that , for example , this is what operating system vendors do .
This is what professional system administrators do .
Thus the burden of integration and deployment falls not to the people who know where and what DarkPAN software exists and how it works and what it uses , but to the least appropriate group of people : people who cannot possibly see it and can only guess at what it does , what it needs , how it does it , and if any of that is appropriate or supported .
I can imagine that if I called technical support for a product , I would n't get support if I refused to disclose any information about my problem -- or even if I actually had a problem .
Why should anyone expect differently from volunteers ?
Which are the most irreligious nations in the world ?
A recent Gallup study focused on the importance of religion for various nations around the world .
The researchers asked the following question : “ Is religion an important part of your daily life ? ”
The five least religious countries according to this study are Estonia where only 14 per cent of people consider religion an important part of their daily lives , Sweden ( 17 per cent ) , Denmark ( 18 per cent ) , Norway ( 20 per cent ) and the Czech Republic ( 21 per cent ) .
Religion is also not so important in the UK , Finland , the Netherlands , Lithuania , Latvia and Bulgaria .
Not everyone in the EU , however , thinks this way .
For example in Italy , Portugal , Poland , Romania and Greece religion is traditionally regarded as quite essential .
Generally speaking religion is according to the study more important for the third world countries .
The most religious people live in Egypt , where religion was an important part of daily life for every single interviewed person .
Ninety nine per cent of surveyed people in Bangladesh and Sri Lanka answered the same .
Also , numerous African and South Asian countries were among the most religious .
In countries of the developed world approximately 38 per cent of people think religion is important .
The Gallup analysts Steve Crabtree and Brett Pehlam say the level of religiosity is interconnected with the average standard of living .
In rich countries with high literacy levels , low homicide rates , low poverty rates and so on , religion is not regarded as very important .
In total all over the world 82 per cent of people consider religion important .
27 February 2009
Iranian missiles have ' worldwide reach ' : Russia
by Staff Writers
Moscow ( AFP ) Feb 5 , 2009
Iran 's successful launch of a satellite with its own technology shows that the country 's missiles " can reach any point on the globe , " a senior Russian space sector official said Thursday .
" I take my hat off to the Iranian scientists , " Vitali Lapota , manager of the RKK Energuia space construction company declared was quoted as saying by the Interfax news agency .
" They have shown their missiles can reach any point on the globe . "
Iran 's launch Monday of the Omid ( Hope ) satellite carried by the home - built Safir - 2 rocket has set alarm bells ringing among Western powers , because of the implications for the range of its ballistic missiles .
US experts fear that Iran could eventually equip ballistic missiles with nuclear warheads capable of striking Europe or the United States .
Monday 's launch comes at a time when Iran has been ignoring repeated UN Security Council demands to freeze its uranium enrichment activities .
Mozilla has delayed Firefox 3.1 Beta 3 release again , stating new JavaScript engine bugs as the main reason .
There are still 18 bugs which need to be fixed before new beta .
New release date should be revealed within few days .
[ digg-reddit-me ]
What would it be like if women could have babies on their own ?
As a single mother , I thought it would be fabulous to have the option of another child without first having to find the right man .
You can hear my investigation of the science of virgin birth on New Year 's Day on BBC Radio 4 .
I went to Catholic schools as a child , and so spent many years with the nuns contemplating the miracle of Mary 's virgin pregnancy [ corrected ] .
Hers is the best known story of a virgin birth in the world , but it is by no means the only one .
From the mothers of Buddha to Genghis Khan , most cultures tell the tale of a maiden untouched by man who gives birth .
In the 3rd century AD , the influential Greek church father Origen dismissed the legend of the immaculate conception of Plato , but worked hard to promote Mary 's virginity :
There is a certain female animal which has no intercourse with the male ( as writers on animals say is the case with vultures ) , and that this animal , without sexual intercourse , preserves the succession of the race .
What incredibility , therefore , is there in supposing that , if God wished to send a divine teacher to the human race , He caused Him to be born in some manner different from the common ! "
As far as we know , vultures do n't have virgin births – that observation may have had something to do with the fact that in some species of vulture , males and females are tricky to tell apart .
However , what science told us back in 1984 was that human females certainly could never have a natural virgin birth , because of a genetic barrier in mammals called imprinting .
So Origen was right – if Jesus was going to have a human mother but no human father , there had to be something rather interesting going on .
But what ?
Sam Berry , emeritus professor of genetics at University College London , explained to me what he calls the biological " implausible possibilities " for how Mary could have given birth to a son while remaining a virgin .
The keen reader will have spotted two biological roadblocks : the lack of a father , and the fact that Jesus was male .
While Mary should not have been able to sire a son through a virgin birth , your Christmas turkey could – at least in theory .
In humans , a virgin birth would mean that a woman 's eggs develop successfully without sperm .
This presents a sex chromosome problem .
In mammals , females are XX while males are XY so a woman should never be able to provide the necessary Y chromosome genes to produce a son .
They can only come from a father .
In turkeys , sex determination is different .
Females have Z and W chromosomes , while males are ZZ .
So mother turkeys do have the genetic stuff for making males , although there may be other barriers to a " virgin birth " .
That 's fine for turkeys , but is there any earthly way Mary could have done it ?
One possibility , according to Prof Berry , is that Mary may have had a condition called testicular feminisation .
Women with this condition have an X and a Y chromosome like a man , but their X chromosome carries a mutation that makes their bodies insensitive to testosterone .
This leads to their developing as a female .
Genetically male , and probably sporting ambiguous genitals , Mary would have been sterile .
But had she become pregnant spontaneously , her child could have inherited an intact Y chromosome .
To stop him developing as a female , like his mother , Jesus would have needed what geneticists call a " back mutation " – a highly unlikely reverse of the X chromosome glitch that caused the testicular feminisation in the first place .
Other possibilities to explain the virgin birth include Mary being a genetic mosaic , formed from twins that fused into one body while maintaining chromosomes from both , Y and all .
You could be forgiven for thinking that the scientific possibilities are no more plausible than a miracle .
If there needs to be a rational explanation for the stories generated around Jesus ' birth , we are perhaps more likely to find it in a Biblical mistranslation or through a liaison between Mary and man who was not Joseph .
Still , when it comes to having babies without males , the hand of God now seems redundant .
Zoologists have long known that there are many species that can reproduce without sex , and have now started to discover that it can also happen in the most unexpected places .
In the last five years the list of virgin mothers has expanded to include a python , hammerhead sharks , blacktip sharks , and Komodo dragons .
As the British zookeeper who discovered virgin births in Komodos put it , rather like buses , you wait ages and then loads of them come along all at once .
Similar things are now happening in the laboratory , with scientists creating healthy , fertile mice with no fathers .
The fact that they were able to make such animals means that we can now get over the genetic barriers to a mammalian virgin birth – in mice at least .
Who knows , one day a virgin birth in humans may not be so implausible after all .
Dr Aarathi Prasad began her career researching cancer genetics at Imperial College London .
She now works in science policy and communication and is writing a book about reproduction without men .
The Quest for Virgin Birth is on BBC Radio 4 at 8 pm on New Year 's Day .
The djangopony group on flickr is ready and waiting for any pony sightings you come across .
Create your own
The djangopony ( and a few of his friends ) are available for a small fee at istockphoto.com .
Grab it there if you want build anything on your own that features the djangopony .
If you do create anything make sure to throw it in the flickr group or tweet about it @djangopony .
Here 's a series of photographs I took many years ago for a project .
Today I share them with you ...
Comments (8) Get it off your chest Name : Comment : ( comments policy ) Rene Davila 2009-02-05 13:21:09 Beautiful photographs .
In my opinion , black and white , or monochromatic , are a lot more artistic than color .
My favorite is SILOHEUTTE .
Reminds me of the great works of Cartier Bresson .
Thank you for sharing them .
Emanuel Paparella 2009-02-05 14:44:58
These photos give the lie to those who claim that photography is not an artist medium or on the other hand those who say with Plato that art is mere imitation of nature .
Indeed , without the mirror of art we would not be able to see our faces and know ourselves .
Well done Asa. Emanuel Paparella 2009-02-05 14:46:10 Errata : artistic .
AP 2009-02-05 15:31:09
Nice contrast and colours .
It really looks like apocalypse .
Alexander Mikhaylov 2009-02-06 01:27:44
Excellent stuff ! AP 2009-02-06 02:24:14
I think Inner Feelings is a great photo .
Other favourites : Silohuette , Posterize , Light and the framing of Breaking .
Asa 2009-02-06 08:50:59
My ego thanks you all for your kind comments .
Looks like I 'll have to head back out armed with the camera ... or at least tale a break from the family pics !
Asa 2009-02-06 08:51:40 PS
- Sorry about the sloppy spelling mistake ...
Silhouette
Scott says :
It 's a demo of my dad 's new Voice Box ( harmonizer / vocoder ) as performed by a pair of really talented folks I found via YouTube ( I found Jack and Nataly when researching user - generated videos for the new EHX site ) .
The Voice Box 's harmonizer is vaguely like Songsmith , in that you feed it a mic and an instrument , and it can then create multipart vocal harmony — the vocoder is totally different , it give more of that robotic man-machine sound .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
She said she had nothing left to lose when she handed the bank teller the hastily scrawled note .
The " Barbie Bandits " are among the more famous of recent female bank robbers .
Both were convicted .
" We 're armed , " the note said .
" Do n't say anything .
Just give us all the money . "
Moments later , the woman and her male accomplice raced from the bank , jumped in their car and sped off with $ 10,000 in cash .
" It felt powerful , exciting , quick , " said the woman , who spoke with CNN under the pseudonym Jane Smith .
" At that time of my life , everything was upside down and I did n't have any control . "
Smith told CNN she was going through a bad divorce and that robbing a bank " made me feel like I was in control again . "
She is one of a growing number of female bank robbers , a crime normally committed by men .
Watch what makes female bank robbers tick »
Nationwide , 6.2 percent of all bank heists today are committed by women .
That 's up from 4.9 percent in 2002 -- a 25 percent increase , according to the most recent FBI crime statistics .
" Here 's a crime that you can commit easily and its an equal opportunity crime , " crime historian Robert McCrie said .
Banks have become so customer - friendly and open , they 've become " a safe place to rob , " he added .
In Long Island 's Nassau County , Detective Sgt. John Giambrone says he came across not one female bank robber in his first 25 years in law enforcement .
He has seen 15 in the past three years .
" For a woman , especially a woman , to take that step ... you 're crossing a big threshold , " said Giambrone , who heads up the Nassau County police department 's robbery squad .
In Giambrone 's experience , the women who are captured in bank heists usually say they 're doing it to " pay bills , get a little extra cash . "
It 's different for the men , he added .
They usually say they rob banks for the thrill of it , or to get money for drug , alcohol or gambling addictions .
Giambrone said women tend to carefully plan their holdups , and prepare the notes ahead of time .
" Women are more pragmatic , " forensic sociologist Rosemary Erikson agreed .
" They need diapers for the baby that kind of thing . "
The most notorious female bank robber was Bonnie Parker of the famed Bonnie and Clyde duo .
Often she was armed , not the usual modus operandi of today 's women .
Like the men , they usually just hand the teller a note , knowing most banks instruct employees to hand over the cash rather than risk injuries .
Among today 's more memorable women : the giggling teen Barbie Bandits captured last year in Georgia , Northern Virginia 's Cell Phone Bandit , caught in 2005 , and the Starlet Bandit , still on the loose in Los Angeles , California .
As crimes go , bank robbery is hardly a fool - proof caper .
The chances of getting caught are high , the prison sentences long , Erikson pointed out .
Three out of four bank robbers are caught , she said .
The arrest rate is high because the FBI is involved in almost all bank robbery investigations .
The penalty can be as high as 26 years .
But 83 percent of bank robbers think they are not going to be caught , Erikson said .
" They have this kind of immortality thing , they have inflated egos . "
Jane Smith , who is trying to rebuild her life after serving five years in a maximum security prison , agrees that while the holdup was exciting , it was n't worth it .
Still , she could n't help smiling as she recalled how the tire blew on the getaway car while she and her accomplice made their getaway .
" I kept going on the rims , sparks flying on the highway , " she said .
When she could drive no farther , Smith recalled , " I started flagging people down .
All the money is on the floorboard of the car .
One lady did pull over to pick us up and so I got the money and I stuffed it in my purse and could barely zip it .
She took us to a convenience store close by and I called a taxi . "
She went on wild spending spree , going through most of the money before her arrest several days later .
She said she would never again rob a bank , because her arrest and incarceration nearly destroyed her parents and two kids .
But Smith admitted that the thrill was addictive .
" I loved the danger in it .
I wanted to get more money .
I wanted to keep doing it .
That 's how it really felt -- an adrenaline rush .
Perfect . "
All About Robbery • Federal Bureau of Investigation
The Wave Treader : A Wave / Wind Power Hybrid
February 9th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
Apparently , wave power plus offshore wind power equals something akin to Green Ocean Energy ’s Wave Treader .
The device is based on the Ocean Treader , a stand - alone wave power machine .
According to Green Ocean Energy , its wind / wave power mash - up can generate 500 kW — enough for 125 average homes .
The treader uses sponsons ( projections from the side of a watercraft ) that react through an “ interface structure ” onto the foundation of an offshore turbine .
Hydraulic cylinders are mounted between the device ’s arms and the interface structure .
Green Ocean Energy ’s website explains , “ As the wave passes the machine first the forward sponson will lift and fall and then the aft sponson will lift and fall each stroking their hydraulic cylinder in turn .
This pressurizes hydraulic fluid which is then smoothed by hydraulic accumulators before driving a hydraulic motor which in turn drives an electricity generator .
The electricity is then exported through the cable shared with the wind turbine . ”
The company has already secured £ 60,000 in funding from nPower ’s Juice Fund , and a working prototype is expected to emerge in 2010 .
Photo Credit : CC - Licensed by Flickr user jipol
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
For an average lawn , a mower works just fine , but for fire - prone slopes or polluted landfills , an increasing number of cities are turning to a rugged biological machine : the goat .
The sure - footed creatures pack a world - renowned four - chambered stomach that allows them to devour tree bark and magazines as easily as you nibble lettuce .
Key to the process is the rumen , which " acts as a big fermentation vat , " and allows goats to selectively regurgitate food for rechewing until it can actually be digested .
From this process , the goats get the ability to eat roughage and the English language received the verb " ruminate . "
Now , urban and industrial sites across the country are exploiting this amazing machinery to clear their lands of unwanted vegetation without using chemicals or lawnmowers .
Dozens of services across the country allow owners of large areas of land to rent goats to reduce the amount of vegetation on their land .
In San Diego , the goats clear brush that provides fuel for fires .
In Denver , a herd of 100 goats is used to graze on severely degraded land and in areas where herbicides are too blunt an instrument for park management .
In this video , we visit City Grazing , a goat rental service based near Hunters Point in San Francisco .
Run by David Simon , aka The Goat Whisperer , the company grazes its goats on a landfill in a heavily industrial area of the city .
Do n’t get fooled by the post - apocalyptic setting : this is an urban farm with a real business model .
Every week , Wired Science will bring you videos on the latest in science , medicine , energy and space .
You can subscribe to the podcast through iTunes , too , so check us out there .
See Also :
Statement In Response To Incident at Hampshire Basketball Game
appropriate action .
https://handbook.hampshire.edu/node/184
https://handbook.hampshire.edu/node/68
Hampshire ...
Reeve Thompson 93 F : How Hampshire Prepared Me
knowing how this works , " Thompson says .
Bali also includes " nodes , " or small functional ... the user .
" You can create nodes from nodes , " he adds .
" It 's kind of like Legos , is ... free , and make money by selling a number of specialized nodes .
" It 's like we 're giving ...
Five Colleges Ask PVTA To Reconsider Proposed Cuts to Bus Service
https://www.fivecolleges.edu/consortium/news/node/174495
...
Sexual Assault , Misconduct and Rape Prevention Resources for Students | Hampshire College
“ Privileged and Confidential Communications , ” https://handbook.hampshire.edu/node/170 ( accessed 2 Sept 2014 ) ...
Animation and Digital Art
printers .
In addition , Hampshire 's Studio Arts building houses a third animation studio .
A 42 - node ...
Computer Science
includes 522 processors in 37 nodes .
This cluster is available to both faculty and students , and is used ...
Game Design and Development
it currently includes 522 processors in 37 nodes .
This cluster is available to both faculty and ...
ECG Grants Announced
understanding of postpartum experiences and mapping future directions and nodes of inquiry for mental health ...
Spector Receives NSF Grant To Propel Computer Programs Modeling Biological Evolution
T. , L. Spector , and B. Martin**. 2011 .
Size - Based Tournaments for Node Selection .
In GECCO '11 ...
CS Wednesday Talks Spring 2012
atomic functions ( or terminal nodes ) that attach to words .
Maybe the foundations are misguided .
Maybe ...
* Story updated at 9:25 a.m. , Feb. 19 , 2009 .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
If you are one of the 129,000 Canadian workers who lost a job last month , maybe you take comfort that all those employment insurance payments were deducted from your previous paycheques .
Now you can count on insurance payments to get you through tough times , right ?
Maybe not .
The EI safety net features a lot more gaps than it did a decade and a half ago .
By some measures , only 42 per cent of Canada 's unemployed workers are receiving EI payments , roughly half the percentage covered during the late 1980s .
Just when far more Canadians are poised to need it , the nation 's unemployment insurance scheme is broken , say a growing chorus of critics .
" We are going to see a lot of people absolutely desperate , " Canadian Auto Workers spokesperson Laurel Ritchie told The Tyee .
" If the crisis lasts very long , and I think it will , welfare rolls will grow as unemployed workers are denied benefits or see their benefits run out . "
Ritchie said that the numbers for unemployed Canadians receiving employment insurance benefits were so low because changes in the system enacted in 1996 - 97 have made it harder to qualify for EI and have shortened the length of benefit payments , resulting in more workers exhausting their benefits before finding new work .
Women will bear the brunt disproportionately , worries public policy professor Marjorie Griffin - Cohen at Simon Fraser University .
" Fewer than 40 per cent of all who become unemployed are eligible to receive benefits , and only about one third of the women who become unemployed are eligible , " Griffin - Cohen told The Tyee .
Gone are the days when most people who paid for unemployment insurance could count on at least some protection should they be unemployed , Griffin - Cohen said .
" It is part - time workers who are most penalized when they become unemployed , and because women predominate among part - time workers , it partially explains their frequent inability to qualify for EI benefits . "
Griffin - Cohen predicts this glitch in EI will hasten rather than soften the spiral down for many people .
" As this recession deepens , which it will do , the failure of the EI program will push more people into poverty -- requiring the provincial government to pay for the problem through increased numbers on social assistance .
If the province continues to deny large numbers of people assistance , then it will be pushed further down to cities .
This is when the real crises begin , as we have seen over the past few years with increased homelessness . "
Too much EI as ' moral hazard '
One who resists broadening EI benefits is Darcy Rezak , managing director of the Vancouver Board of Trade .
Rezak is worried about eroding Canadians ' work ethic .
" Improved insurance always carries with it a moral hazard , " said Rezak .
" We could see more unemployment because the richer benefits would make some people choose to stay on EI instead of moving to where work is available or taking lower paying jobs . "
Mark Leier , who teaches labour studies at Simon Fraser University , told The Tyee that the EI system has been made more difficult to access for a reason .
" It pays fewer people less money , " he said .
" Business and government made these changes to discipline labour .
This is no accident .
It reflects the logic of the system .
It really poses the central question of whether the economy is designed to create better lives for all or higher profits for a few . "
Counting who is eligible
In 2008 , according to B.C. Federation of Labour president Jim Sinclair , over 70,000 unemployed British Columbians were ineligible for employment insurance .
And the situation is getting worse across the country in 2009 .
Sinclair says that the EI system is " broken . "
But Philip Hochstein , president of the Independent Contractors and Businesses Association of B.C. , told The Tyee he was suspicious of the numbers cited by Sinclair and other labour spokespeople on EI coverage .
" I would n't take their stats as accurate , " he said .
" They are trying to make a point .
Employment insurance should n't become a way of life , where people work for six months and then collect benefits for six .
The CLC is right about one thing .
We need to look at EI in its totality and reform the entire system , not just tinker around the edges . "
A report by Stats Canada for 2007 , before the economic crisis hit , found just over a million Canadians were unemployed on average during the year , of which only 452,000 -- about 45 per cent -- were receiving EI benefits .
In January , Canada and B.C. were rocked by record setting job losses : 129,000 nationally and more than 35,000 in this province .
The Conservative government 's federal budget took a pounding from The Canadian Labour Congress for failing to come to the aid of the mounting unemployed .
The left - leaning Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives , where Griffin - Cohen is a founding director , concurred , saying the " biggest single failure of the budget " was its mere six per cent hike in " the total value of EI improvements [ to ] address the most significant recession since the 1930s . "
But a spokesperson for the ministry overseeing the employment insurance system claimed figures quoted by labour critics of EI are not measuring the right thing .
The number cited by critics is called the beneficiary to unemployment ratio ( B/U ) , and " it includes many unemployed who have not paid premiums such as those who have never worked ; have not worked in the past year ; or have been self - employed , " the spokesperson , who wished to be unnamed , said in an e-mail to The Tyee .
The B/U ratio includes individuals who paid premiums but are ineligible for EI benefits because they voluntarily quit their jobs or they return to school .
The ministry spokesman cited an HRSDC report that says once workers who are ineligible under the current rules are excluded , 82.3 per cent of unemployed workers were eligible to receive benefits in 2006 .
The government spokesman who corresponded with The Tyee in February did acknowledge that the B/U ratio was over 80 per cent in the 1980s , and has dropped to around 42 per cent since the major changes enacted on the unemployment system in 1996 - 97 .
In the same HRSDC report , the government authors say there were more than 1.03 million unemployed workers in Canada in 2006 .
In the reference week in 2006 chosen by the researchers for attention , only 311,000 of these workers were receiving regular benefits .
By the anonymous government spokesperson 's accounting , that would mean that well over half a million unemployed people in 2006 just walked away from their working lives for school or other reasons .
Calls to move the bar again
What do all these competing and contested numbers add up t ?
A radically different landscape for Canada 's unemployed , according to a 2004 Canadian Employment Commission paper .
It called the 96/97 changes , " the most fundamental restructuring of the Unemployment Insurance program in 25 years . "
And a McGill university study published at the same time concluded those changes sharply increased the number of insured hours a worker has to log before she qualifies for EI benefits .
They 'd gone up from between 180 and 300 hours to a much more demanding minimum of from 420 to 700 hours .
Labour critics like the CAW and the CLC want to lower the bar again .
They say a worker should qualify for EI after 360 hours logged and his benefits should last at least 50 weeks in all regions .
Currently , different parts of Canada gear their EI qualifying requirements to regional unemployment levels .
This year 's new budget will extend coverage for those already receiving EI benefits by five weeks , a temporary measure designed to disappear in two years .
On average , current recipients qualify for just 32 weeks of benefits , less than the theoretical maximum of 50 .
In addition , the budget extends the life of work - sharing agreements in which workers receive EI benefits and work shorter hours while employers recover .
The new maximum for these programs is now 52 weeks .
The budget also freezes premiums paid by workers and employers for two years , and increases funding for job training and apprenticeship programs .
Critics point out that such improvements will do nothing for the majority of unemployed workers in Canada , who will still be unprotected by the insurance scheme when they lose their jobs .
When the good times rolled
Critics also say both Liberal and Conservative governments have misused an EI surplus of over $ 50 billion accrued since the system was changed .
Those governments re-directed the money paid by workers and employers into debt and deficit reduction and into general revenue when the surplus should have been saved for an economic rainy day .
Now the monsoon season has arrived , critics say , and the government ought to replace the money that was removed and use the resulting surplus to provide better and longer lasting insurance coverage for the unemployed .
In a recent ruling , the Supreme Court of Canada said that the diversion of EI premiums to other government expenditures was constitutional .
But four years ago , a parliamentary committee 's report declared government has " a moral obligation ... to restore integrity to the Employment Insurance Act .
This necessarily requires that the cumulative surplus in the EI Account be returned to the EI program . "
From its inception until 1990 , unemployment insurance was funded by contributions from employees , employers and the federal government .
Since then , only employees and employers have contributed .
The system was both self - financing and generating surpluses in 1996 - 97 when the most sweeping changes , including the shift to the EI branding , were implemented .
The system ran a $ 3.5 billion surplus in 1994 and close to $ 6 billion in both 1995 and 96 .
Raise the rate ?
Since the changes implemented by the Chretien government , the EI system has accrued a surplus of over $ 50 billion , most of which flowed into general revenue and underwrote deficit reductions .
Now that Canadian workers need to draw on what they and their employers paid in , the system is straining to deliver on its promise .
" The bottom line is that our new EI system has not been tested by a recession since its inception , " said Marc Lee , an economist for the CCPA .
" And there is good reason to believe that it is a shadow of its former self as an automatic stabilizer in a recession "
Not only are fewer workers eligible for EI now than they were before government tinkered with the unemployment insurance formula in the 1990s , Lee says , but your payout if you are lucky enough to qualify for it , wo n't buy as much .
" The current rate of $ 447 per week ( maximum ) has been heavily eroded by inflation ; to be back where we were in the early 1990s , it should be more like $ 600 a week . "
Related
Tyee stories :
You have got to see this documentary about " objectum sexuals , " people who fall in love with objects like fences and amusement park rides , ( one woman even married the Eiffel Tower ) .
And they have sex .
If you thought that men in love with Real Dolls was strange , wait until you see Strange Love : Married to the Eiffel Tower , which follows these fetishists ( all of them , for some reason , female ) .
Interestingly , Objectum Sexuals - they call themselves OS people - believe their love with the objects are reciprocal and that they can telepathically communicate with them .
Advertisement
All Dolled Up With No Place To Go About 10 years ago , HBO 's Real Sex series introduced us to Real Dolls , incredibly detailed , … Read more
Amy Wolf is in love with a fairground ride called 1001 Nacht , for which she writes poetry .
Based on appearances , she seems like an out - and - proud lesbian , but has no interest in humans .
She also loves a church banister , a banister in her home , and the Empire State building .
Having connected through an OS people forum on the internet , Erika goes to visit Amy .
( Both women are said to have Asperger 's and share a history of abuse . )
They go to the fairground to see 1001 Nacht .
In the clip above , Amy is left alone to have an intimate moment with the ride , while Erika goes for a walk .
She happens upon a picket fence and feels an immediate attraction .
Advertisement
Erika La Tour Eiffel married the Eiffel Tower and then took its name .
But she does n't like referring to the structure as " it " because " calling something an ' it ' instantly means it 's inanimate . "
She gets " a sense " of an object 's gender .
According to her , the Eiffel Tower is female .
After suffering abuse as a child , and bouncing between foster homes , she joined the US Air Force but during her training , was sexually assaulted , and defended herself with a Japanese sword , which was her lover at the time .
She refused to part with the sword , and was discharged from the military for psychological reasons .
She then fell in love with an archery bow - she became a US medal champion in archery - but her feelings for the bow waned after time and she moved on to bigger things , literally , as in : tourist attractions .
On their one - year anniversary , Erika goes back to visit the Eiffel Tower to consummate their marriage .
She lifts up her skirt , and straddles one of the beams with " no barrier " between them .
The entire documentary can be seen here online .
Related : GUESS WHAT OBJECTUM - SEXUALS LOVE [ Street Carnage ]
I Married The Eiffel Tower [ Independent ]
Object Sexuality [ Wikipedia ]
Objectum - Sexuality Internationale [ Official Site ]
WASHINGTON  President Obama has chosen R. Gil Kerlikowske , the chief of police in Seattle , as his drug czar , an administration official said Thursday .
If confirmed by the Senate , Chief Kerlikowske , 59 , would come to the Office of National Drug Control Policy after more than eight years as the chief law enforcement official in a city known for its progressive drug laws .
The appointment was first reported Tuesday on the Web sites of Seattle newspapers .
The nomination of Chief Kerlikowske , coupled with early policy pronouncements by Mr. Obama , has left those who want to change drug policy cautiously optimistic .
The White House , for example , supports removing a ban on federal money for needle exchanges .
Ethan Nadelmann , executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance , which wants drug laws eased , said Mr. Kerlikowske did not voice support for Seattle ’s needle exchange or medical use of marijuana policies , but did not actively oppose them , either .
Are Zoloft and Lexapro the best antidepressants ?
A recent study from Europe says so .
The study , published online last month in the medical journal Lancet , compared 12 newer generation antidepressant drugs using data from 117 published clinical studies with nearly 26,000 subjects .
Zoloft , now available as generic sertraline , and Lexapro ( escitalopram ) , which is still under patent protection , stood out both by how effective the drugs were at reducing clinical ratings of depression and how well patients tolerated the drugs .
“ Our clinical question was , if you have to prescribe an antidepressant , which one should you choose ? ” says lead author Dr. Andrea Cipriani of the University of Verona in Italy .
Effectiveness was defined as a 50 % reduction in clinical ratings of depression after eight weeks on a drug .
The most effective drugs were Zoloft , Lexapro , Remeron and Effexor .
Dropout rates were used to assess drug acceptability .
Even though people may drop out of a clinical study for any reason , researchers figured a high dropout rate indicated a poorly tolerated drug .
Zoloft and Lexapro had the best rates of acceptability .
Advertisement
The findings differ markedly from a similar , U.S. - based review of antidepressants .
Published in the Annals of Internal Medicine in November , it examined data from 196 clinical studies and reviews .
In contrast with the Lancet review , it concluded that there was no real difference among the drugs in terms of clinical benefit .
But there were differences in side effects , and the U.S. study , unlike the Lancet study , itemized these adverse effects .
Among them : Patients on Paxil gained more weight than those on Prozac or Zoloft , and patients on Effexor experienced more nausea and vomiting than those on any of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( SSRIs ) .
Patients on Zoloft had more diarrhea than those on eight other drugs .
Both studies used a statistical technique called meta-analysis to evaluate newer generation antidepressant drugs , including the SSRIs Celexa , Lexapro , Prozac , Luvox , Paxil and Zoloft , and drugs with different actions in the brain , such as Wellbutrin , Cymbalta , Remeron and Effexor .
Neither study assessed older tricyclic antidepressants that are not generally used as first - line drugs .
Both studies were done to help doctors choose a drug when treating depressed patients ( the U.S. effort led to clinical guidelines for primary care physicians ) .
Advertisement
And both teams took pains to avoid influence or bias -- a tiny minority of authors reported getting research funds or speaking fees from the drug companies that make antidepressants .
The European team did its study without funding and the U.S. team ’s work was supported by the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality , a federal agency charged with improving healthcare for Americans .
So why did one study find a difference and the other not ?
In a word , statistics .
The European group used a “ very unique and sophisticated kind of meta - analysis , ” says Dr. Lon Schneider , a professor of psychiatry at USC ’s Keck School of Medicine .
Instead of comparing drugs head - to - head , this “ network meta - analysis ” compares multiple drugs simultaneously , he says .
This method is not without controversy , says Kathleen Lohr , an expert in healthcare services at the research institute RTI International in Research Triangle Park , NC .
But she says everything seems to be in accord with internationally accepted standards .
Advertisement
Another difference between the studies is in their interpretation of results .
In the Lancet study , for example , Zoloft was 25 % more effective than Prozac , found to be statistically significant because of the methodology used .
But in the U.S. study , an 11 % difference was found and -- again , due to methodology -- this was not statistically significant .
Even significant differences may not translate into clinically meaningful differences , says Dr. Bradley Gaynes , a psychiatrist at the University of North Carolina , a coauthor of the U.S. study .
“ If a study says that this drug is two points better on this scale than that drug , but the scale measures 30 or 40 points , it does n’t really make much difference clinically . ”
Schneider says the differences between the best and next - best drugs were small in the Lancet study -- such as the 30 % difference in benefit between Lexapro and Paxil , which ranked mid-list .
Another recent study may further confound things , because it concludes that the performance of antidepressants in the medical literature is inflated anyway .
A former drug reviewer for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration obtained internal FDA reviews for 12 antidepressants and found that studies with positive results were much more likely to be published in the medical literature than those with marginal or negative results .
Advertisement
The study , published in the New England Journal of Medicine in 2008 , found that a drug ’s effectiveness as gleaned from published reports was 32 % better , on average , than unpublished reports given by companies to the FDA .
What this underscores is that these systematic reviews are only as good as the data they analyze , researchers say .
“ They may be comparing a relatively ineffective drug with another relatively ineffective drug and finding that one is a little bit better than the other , ” Schneider says .
All the doctors interviewed agree that the best drug to combat depression is the one that works , which can vary from person to person .
Cipriani , who believes that Zoloft and Lexapro should be first - choice drugs , says , “ If people who are depressed are doing well with other antidepressants there is no reason to change . ”
Schneider says that the Lancet study , done by an international team of psychiatrists and statisticians and one of the largest of its kind , will be unlikely to change prescribing habits of U.S. doctors .
“ What mainly determines what antidepressant physicians prescribe is , unfortunately , the marketing . ”
Advertisement
--
health@latimes.com
The link between spirituality and happiness is pretty well - established for teens and adults .
More spirituality brings more happiness .
Now a study has reached into the younger set , finding the same link in " tweens " and in kids in middle childhood .
Specifically , the study shows that children who feel that their lives have meaning and value and who develop deep , quality relationships — both measures of spirituality , the researchers claim — are happier .
Personal aspects of spirituality ( meaning and value in one 's own life ) and communal aspects ( quality and depth of inter- personal relationships ) were both strong predictors of children 's happiness , said study leader Mark Holder from the University of British Columbia in Canada and his colleagues Ben Coleman and Judi Wallace .
However , religious practices were found to have little effect on children 's happiness , Holder said .
Religion is just one institutionalized venue for the practice of or experience of spirituality , and some people say they are spiritual but are less enthusiastic about the concept of God .
Other research has shown a connection between well - adjusted and well - behaved children and religion , but that is not the same , necessarily , as happiness .
Spirituality trumps temperament
In an effort to identify strategies to increase children 's happiness , Holder and colleagues set out to better understand the nature of the relationship between spirituality , religiousness and happiness in children aged 8 to 12 years .
A total of 320 children , from four public schools and two faith - based schools , completed six different questionnaires to rate their happiness , their spirituality , their religiousness and their temperament .
Parents were also asked to rate their child 's happiness and temperament .
A child 's temperament was also an important predictor of happiness .
In particular , happier children were more sociable and less shy .
The relationship between spirituality and happiness remained strong , even when the authors took temperament into account .
However , counterintuitively , religious practices — including attending church , praying and meditating — had little effect on a child 's happiness .
And therein may lie some useful information for parents .
" Enhancing personal meaning may be a key factor in the relation between spirituality and happiness , " the researchers stated .
Strategies aimed at increasing personal meaning in children — such as expressing kindness towards others and recording these acts of kindness , as well as acts of altruism and volunteering — may help to make children happier , Holder suggests .
These findings were detailed in the Dec. 11 online edition of the Journal of Happiness Studies .
More on teens and spirituality
Another research project recently added weight to previously known links between spirituality and happiness among teens .
This researchers compared teenagers with the inflammatory bowel disease ( IBD ) with their healthy peers .
The analysis showed that while spirituality helped all the kids cope , it was especially helpful for the ones with IBD ( which causes abdominal pain and other nasty symptoms , as well as higher risk for psychosocial difficulties and mental health problems ; it is more serious than and not the same as IBS or spastic colon ) .
The exact cause of IBD is not known , and there is no cure .
The researchers , Dr. Michael Yi and Sian Cotton at the University of Cincinnati , defined spirituality as one 's sense of meaning or purpose in life or one 's sense of connectedness to the sacred or divine .
Again , they were n't talking about religion , church , temple or mosque .
Teams led by Yi and Cotton collected data on socio- demographics , functional health status and psychosocial characteristics as well as spiritual well - being for 67 patients with IBD and 88 healthy adolescents between the ages of 11 and 19 .
One of the most important predictors of poorer overall quality of life for both the healthy and the sick teens was having a poorer sense of spiritual well - being , Yi said , although personal characteristics such as self esteem , family functioning and social support were similar between adolescents with IBD and their healthy peers .
Less depression , more well - being
Cotton 's analysis of the same 155 adolescents found that higher levels of spiritual well - being were associated with fewer depressive symptoms and better emotional well - being .
" However , even though both healthy adolescents and those with IBD had relatively high levels of spiritual well - being , the positive association between spiritual well - being and mental health outcomes was stronger in the adolescents with IBD as compared to their healthy peers , " Cotton said , noting that this indicates spiritual well - being may play a different role for teens with a chronic illness in terms of impacting their health or helping them cope .
The results were detailed in recent online versions of the Journal of Pediatrics and the Journal of Adolescent Health .
Yi's and Cotton 's research was funded by career development awards by the National Institute for Child Health and Human Development , part of the National Institutes of Health .
Remarks as prepared for delivery .
Every year , in February , we attempt to recognize and to appreciate black history .
It is a worthwhile endeavor for the contributions of African Americans to this great nation are numerous and significant .
Even as we fight a war against terrorism , deal with the reality of electing an African American as our President for the first time and deal with the other significant issues of the day , the need to confront our racial past , and our racial present , and to understand the history of African people in this country , endures .
One cannot truly understand America without understanding the historical experience of black people in this nation .
Simply put , to get to the heart of this country one must examine its racial soul .
Though this nation has proudly thought of itself as an ethnic melting pot , in things racial we have always been and continue to be , in too many ways , essentially a nation of cowards .
Though race related issues continue to occupy a significant portion of our political discussion , and though there remain many unresolved racial issues in this nation , we , average Americans , simply do not talk enough with each other about race .
It is an issue we have never been at ease with and given our nation ’s history this is in some ways understandable .
And yet , if we are to make progress in this area we must feel comfortable enough with one another , and tolerant enough of each other , to have frank conversations about the racial matters that continue to divide us .
But we must do more - and we in this room bear a special responsibility .
Through its work and through its example this Department of Justice , as long as I am here , must - and will - lead the nation to the " new birth of freedom " so long ago promised by our greatest President .
This is our duty and our solemn obligation .
We commemorated five years ago , the 50th anniversary of the landmark Brown v. Board of Education decision .
And though the world in which we now live is fundamentally different than that which existed then , this nation has still not come to grips with its racial past nor has it been willing to contemplate , in a truly meaningful way , the diverse future it is fated to have .
To our detriment , this is typical of the way in which this nation deals with issues of race .
And so I would suggest that we use February of every year to not only commemorate black history but also to foster a period of dialogue among the races .
This is admittedly an artificial device to generate discussion that should come more naturally , but our history is such that we must find ways to force ourselves to confront that which we have become expert at avoiding .
As a nation we have done a pretty good job in melding the races in the workplace .
We work with one another , lunch together and , when the event is at the workplace during work hours or shortly thereafter , we socialize with one another fairly well , irrespective of race .
And yet even this interaction operates within certain limitations .
We know , by " American instinct " and by learned behavior , that certain subjects are off limits and that to explore them risks , at best embarrassment , and , at worst , the questioning of one ’s character .
And outside the workplace the situation is even more bleak in that there is almost no significant interaction between us .
On Saturdays and Sundays America in the year 2009 does not , in some ways , differ significantly from the country that existed some fifty years ago .
This is truly sad .
Given all that we as a nation went through during the civil rights struggle it is hard for me to accept that the result of those efforts was to create an America that is more prosperous , more positively race conscious and yet is voluntarily socially segregated .
As a nation we should use Black History month as a means to deal with this continuing problem .
By creating what will admittedly be , at first , artificial opportunities to engage one another we can hasten the day when the dream of individual , character based , acceptance can actually be realized .
To respect one another we must have a basic understanding of one another .
And so we should use events such as this to not only learn more about the facts of black history but also to learn more about each other .
This will be , at first , a process that is both awkward and painful but the rewards are potentially great .
The alternative is to allow to continue the polite , restrained mixing that now passes as meaningful interaction but that accomplishes little .
Imagine if you will situations where people - regardless of their skin color - could confront racial issues freely and without fear .
The potential of this country , that is becoming increasingly diverse , would be greatly enhanced .
I fear however , that we are taking steps that , rather than advancing us as a nation are actually dividing us even further .
We still speak too much of " them " and not " us " .
There can , for instance , be very legitimate debate about the question of affirmative action .
This debate can , and should , be nuanced , principled and spirited .
But the conversation that we now engage in as a nation on this and other racial subjects is too often simplistic and left to those on the extremes who are not hesitant to use these issues to advance nothing more than their own , narrow self interest .
Our history has demonstrated that the vast majority of Americans are uncomfortable with , and would like to not have to deal with , racial matters and that is why those , black or white , elected or self - appointed , who promise relief in easy , quick solutions , no matter how divisive , are embraced .
We are then free to retreat to our race protected cocoons where much is comfortable and where progress is not really made .
If we allow this attitude to persist in the face of the most significant demographic changes that this nation has ever confronted - and remember , there will be no majority race in America in about fifty years - the coming diversity that could be such a powerful , positive force will , instead , become a reason for stagnation and polarization .
We cannot allow this to happen and one way to prevent such an unwelcome outcome is to engage one another more routinely - and to do so now .
As I indicated before , the artificial device that is Black History month is a perfect vehicle for the beginnings of such a dialogue .
And so I urge all of you to use the opportunity of this month to talk with your friends and co-workers on the other side of the divide about racial matters .
In this way we can hasten the day when we truly become one America .
It is also clear that if we are to better understand one another the study of black history is essential because the history of black America and the history of this nation are inextricably tied to each other .
It is for this reason that the study of black history is important to everyone - black or white .
For example , the history of the United States in the nineteenth century revolves around a resolution of the question of how America was going to deal with its black inhabitants .
The great debates of that era and the war that was ultimately fought are all centered around the issue of , initially , slavery and then the reconstruction of the vanquished region .
A dominant domestic issue throughout the twentieth century was , again , America 's treatment of its black citizens .
The civil rights movement of the 1950's and 1960's changed America in truly fundamental ways .
Americans of all colors were forced to examine basic beliefs and long held views .
Even so , most people , who are not conversant with history , still do not really comprehend the way in which that movement transformed America .
In racial terms the country that existed before the civil rights struggle is almost unrecognizable to us today .
Separate public facilities , separate entrances , poll taxes , legal discrimination , forced labor , in essence an American apartheid , all were part of an America that the movement destroyed .
To attend her state ’s taxpayer supported college in 1963 my late sister in law had to be escorted to class by United States Marshals and past the state ’s governor , George Wallace .
That frightening reality seems almost unthinkable to us now .
The civil rights movement made America , if not perfect , better .
In addition , the other major social movements of the latter half of the twentieth century - feminism , the nation 's treatment of other minority groups , even the anti-war effort - were all tied in some way to the spirit that was set free by the quest for African American equality .
Those other movements may have occurred in the absence of the civil rights struggle but the fight for black equality came first and helped to shape the way in which other groups of people came to think of themselves and to raise their desire for equal treatment .
Further , many of the tactics that were used by these other groups were developed in the civil rights movement .
And today the link between the black experience and this country is still evident .
While the problems that continue to afflict the black community may be more severe , they are an indication of where the rest of the nation may be if corrective measures are not taken .
Our inner cities are still too conversant with crime but the level of fear generated by that crime , now found in once quiet , and now electronically padlocked suburbs is alarming and further demonstrates that our past , present and future are linked .
It is not safe for this nation to assume that the unaddressed social problems in the poorest parts of our country can be isolated and will not ultimately affect the larger society .
Black history is extremely important because it is American history .
Given this , it is in some ways sad that there is a need for a black history month .
Though we are all enlarged by our study and knowledge of the roles played by blacks in American history , and though there is a crying need for all of us to know and acknowledge the contributions of black America , a black history month is a testament to the problem that has afflicted blacks throughout our stay in this country .
Black history is given a separate , and clearly not equal , treatment by our society in general and by our educational institutions in particular .
As a former American history major I am struck by the fact that such a major part of our national story has been divorced from the whole .
In law , culture , science , athletics , industry and other fields , knowledge of the roles played by blacks is critical to an understanding of the American experiment .
For too long we have been too willing to segregate the study of black history .
There is clearly a need at present for a device that focuses the attention of the country on the study of the history of its black citizens .
But we must endeavor to integrate black history into our culture and into our curriculums in ways in which it has never occurred before so that the study of black history , and a recognition of the contributions of black Americans , become commonplace .
Until that time , Black History Month must remain an important , vital concept .
But we have to recognize that until black history is included in the standard curriculum in our schools and becomes a regular part of all our lives , it will be viewed as a novelty , relatively unimportant and not as weighty as so called " real " American history .
I , like many in my generation , have been fortunate in my life and have had a great number of wonderful opportunities .
Some may consider me to be a part of black history .
But we do a great disservice to the concept of black history recognition if we fail to understand that any success that I have had , can not be viewed in isolation .
I stood , and stand , on the shoulders of many other black Americans .
Admittedly , the identities of some of these people , through the passage of time , have become lost to us - the men , and women , who labored long in fields , who were later legally and systemically discriminated against , who were lynched by the hundreds in the century just past and those others who have been too long denied the fruits of our great American culture .
The names of too many of these people , these heroes and heroines , are lost to us .
But the names of others of these people should strike a resonant chord in the historical ear of all in our nation : Frederick Douglass , W.E.B. DuBois , Walter White , Langston Hughes , Marcus Garvey , Martin Luther King , Malcolm X , Joe Louis , Jackie Robinson , Charles Drew , Paul Robeson , Ralph Ellison , James Baldwin , Toni Morrison , Vivian Malone , Rosa Parks , Marion Anderson , Emmit Till .
These are just some of the people who should be generally recognized and are just some of the people to whom all of us , black and white , owe such a debt of gratitude .
It is on their broad shoulders that I stand as I hope that others will some day stand on my more narrow ones .
Black history is a subject worthy of study by all our nation 's people .
Blacks have played a unique , productive role in the development of America .
Perhaps the greatest strength of the United States is the diversity of its people and to truly understand this country one must have knowledge of its constituent parts .
But an unstudied , not discussed and ultimately misunderstood diversity can become a divisive force .
An appreciation of the unique black past , acquired through the study of black history , will help lead to understanding and true compassion in the present , where it is still so sorely needed , and to a future where all of our people are truly valued .
Thank you .
Facebook Inc. has estimated its market value to be worth about $ 3.7 billion according to a lawsuit brought by former classmates of CEO Mark Zuckerberg last summer .
The information comes from the Associated Press in a report that explains how it cracked the electronic versions of blacked - out court documents .
Facebook 's appraisal , which was mentioned in a June hearing as a long court battle with ConnectU was concluding .
ConnectU sued Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg for stealing the social networking concept from three classmates .
The appraisal was conducted after it sold a 1.6 percent stake to Microsoft that implied a value of $ 15 billion for the social networking outfit .
Facebook , the largest online social network , made the assessment after making a deal with Microsoft in October 2007 .
As part of a broader advertising partnership with Microsoft , Facebook agreed to sell a 1.6 percent stake to the software maker for $ 240 million .
The settlement called for $ 20 million in cash and 1,253,326 shares of common stock ; by Facebook 's internal math , the common stock was worth $ 11 million compared with $ 45 million at the Microsoft value , according to AP .
That would make the settlement worth anywhere from $ 31 million to $ 65 million .
The Microsoft - Facebook deal was similar to Google 's $ 1 billion payment for 5 percent of AOL to help the Time Warner unit get a value of $ 20 billion .
Google went on to write that deal down by some two - thirds last month , then acted on a clause allowing it to demand repayment at fair market value or for an IPO .
A while back I wrote up a quick sample of what English might look like with all the non-Germanic words removed ( that is , words from Latin , Greek , French etc. ) by taking a newspaper article and slowly and painstakingly changing the words to Germanic roots , and creating new words when no appropriate word existed .
A few non-Germanic words managed to slip through however , and I 've created one more , but this time had Olivier Simon ( the creator of Sambahsa ) look over the draft before I wrote it up here .
The text I 've selected is this recent post from fivethirtyeight.com on what Nate Silver expects Barack Obama 's approval ratings to be like over the next year and a half or so .
If you 're up for a challenge , try reading this text first before looking at fivethirtyeight.com to see what it 's really about .
This task would be impossible without etymonline.com , a site that is composed of pure awesome .
Definitely visit there and see what else you can find out about the history of words you 'd like to know .
Here it is :
When Will Casters Chide Obama ?
Buried in the latest NBC / WSJ overlook ( .pdf ) is an asking for casters on who they chide for the land 's hushandling worrying .
Now , 8 of hundred casters say that Obama 's holdings are " mostly answerworthy " for the bad hushandling and another 6 of hundred chide him some share .
But the longer the unstillness lasts , the less untiring casters will be :
Standing Handed to Obama -- 84 Chideworthy in less than six months -- 2
Chideworthy in six months to one year -- 13
Chideworthy in one to two years -- 25
Chideworthy in two to three years -- 18
Chideworthy in more than three years -- 23
Unset on when chideworthy -- 3 Standing Obama 's Holdings Mostly Chideworthy For Some of both -- 6
Not set -- 2
We can shift these answerings into a drawing -- doing our best to shift the overlook 's somewhat roaming wording into forecut lottings -- and samebear them to a kinlike asking about when casters foresee the backdrawing coming to an end .
Obama overtakes the 50 of hundred threshold at almost forecutly 18 months from now , which would mean Harvestmonth 2010 .
At that timeprick , a greater lot of casters say they will hold Obama chideworthy for the hushandling 's working .
Mayhaps not randomly , 18 months is also about the timeprick at which a greater lot of casters foresee the drawback to have ended .
Samebearingly , of the tens of hushandlers asked in the Wall Street Journal 's monthly foreseeing overlooking , 65 of hundred foresee the backdrawing to have ended by the third fourth of 2009 , and 100 of hundred foresee its ending by the end of 2010 .
( As a warning , the Journal 's foreseers are overall a bullish cluster ) .
So this seems like pretty good tidings for Obama .
The folk have greatly low foreseeings for the land 's hushandling -- your midroad caster is more downbeat about the land 's hushandling than all but the most downbeat hushandlers .
And it will be much time yet before the folk pins most of the chiding for the hushandling on Obama .
Cutting against this somewhat are two other doers .
Firstly , it is overall believed -- and I 'll find a link for you on this if I can -- that casters answer back slowly to shifts in husholding well - being .
That is , if the husholding leavetakes the drawback in Meadmonth 2010 , it might take a few months for the casters to ken , and this might or might not be soon enough for the Folklings to ward off chiding at the midroad choosings .
Otherly , the worklosshood reckoning -- mayhaps the hushandling showing that midroad casters worry about -- has been among the last things to heal in the so - called jobless backearnings following latter drawbacks .
It 's trueseeming that ALB growth will dip back into upper land in the third fourth of 2009 , for showing , but that we wo n't see a material leapback in the workhood lottings until months later .
On the whole , the folk seems ready to be pretty pox-upon untiring with Obama .
The asking is whether the folk will truly be as soundseeing as it foresees itself to be after some more months of ill - boding hushandling headwritings .
On that looking , I 'm a bit hard of believing , and I foresee Obama 's goodtelling reckoning to lose a couple of lotpricks each month until the drawback ends .
This is why it makes a lot of sense for Obama to be following a much rungeistly timeboard right now .
If the husholding heals within the next year or so -- beating casters ' foreseeings -- then Obama 's goodtelling reckonings will likely wind up being most high .
But until that healing happens , Obama 's goodtelling reckonings are likely to get worse before they get better .
material
sense
ALB - made this up quickly for GDP ( gross domestic product ) , perhaps Alllandsbringing .
- made this up quickly for GDP ( gross domestic product ) , perhaps .
asking - geáscung ( asking , inquiry )
- ( asking , inquiry ) caster - a person that casts a vote .
' Lot ' would probably be a good word for vote , so caster might be short for something like lotcaster .
- a person that casts a vote .
' Lot ' would probably be a good word for vote , so caster might be short for something like .
doer - factor ( Latin factor , lit. doer or maker )
- factor ( Latin , lit. doer or maker ) Folklings - Democrats .
I imagine the focus on demos ( people ) would give rise to such a nickname .
Republicans might be Landlings .
- Democrats .
I imagine the focus on ( people ) would give rise to such a nickname .
Republicans might be .
forecut - precise .
Precise comes from prae ( in front ) and caedere ( tocut ) , referring to something cut off or shortened .
- precise .
Precise comes from ( in front ) and ( tocut ) , referring to something cut off or shortened .
holding - policy , or tenet .
Tenet comes from Latin tenet ( he / she / it holds ) and English also uses the verb hold to refer to beliefs or ideas .
- policy , or tenet .
Tenet comes from Latin ( he / she / it holds ) and English also uses the verb hold to refer to beliefs or ideas .
hushandling - means economy , a calque from the original Greek meaning the handling or management of a house .
Like the word husband , the prefix hus- was affixed to the compound before it turned into the modern day house .
- means economy , a calque from the original Greek meaning the handling or management of a house .
Like the word husband , the prefix hus- was affixed to the compound before it turned into the modern day house .
ken - same root as the word can , and used today in Scotland to mean " make known , declare , acknowledge " .
- same root as the word can , and used today in Scotland to mean " make known , declare , acknowledge " .
lotprick - like the word timeprick below , I made this to signify acertain point , this one being a number .
- like the word timeprick below , I made this to signify acertain point , this one being a number .
lotting - number .
Similar to allotment , but the a- and - ment in allotment is non-Germanic and had to be changed .
- number .
Similar to allotment , but the a- and - ment in allotment is non-Germanic and had to be changed .
material - this word apparently comes from Latin ... but !
It might also have come from dmateria ( PIE ) , cognate with the English timber , so I do n't have to change it .
- this word apparently comes from Latin ... but !
It might also have come from ( PIE ) , cognate with the English timber , so I do n't have to change it .
midroad - average .
Middle of the road .
- average .
Middle of the road .
overlook - survey ( French sur + voir , lit. over+look )
- survey ( French + , lit. over+look ) pox-upon - darn .
From " a pox upon it ! "
- darn .
From " a pox upon it ! " randomly - this word comes from Old French randon , but that word itself came from Frankish rant , which itself came from Proto - Germanic randa , so it 's originally Germanic , and related to the Old English word rinnan , to run .
- this word comes from Old French , but that word itself came from Frankish , which itself came from Proto - Germanic , so it 's originally Germanic , and related to the Old English word , to run .
rungeistly - ambitious .
The word ambitious comes from Latin ambitionem " a going around ( to solicit votes ) " but is rarely used in that way , and in German ambitious is ehrgeizig ; this is cognate with English geist / ghost ( spirit ) , and so I coined the word rungeistly to mean " with a running spirit " .
- ambitious .
The word ambitious comes from Latin " a going around ( to solicit votes ) " but is rarely used in that way , and in German ambitious is ; this is cognate with English geist / ghost ( spirit ) , and so I coined the word rungeistly to mean " with a running spirit " .
samebear - compare .
Compare comes from com- ( together ) and ferre ( bear , same PIE root ) .
- compare .
Compare comes from com- ( together ) and ferre ( bear , same PIE root ) .
sense - this one is technically from Latin sensus , but it also has cognates in German Sinn , Old English sið ( way , journey ) and a fewothers , so I could see it obtaining a final form at least similar to this one even without the influence of Latin .
- this one is technically from Latin sensus , but it also has cognates in German Sinn , Old English sið ( way , journey ) and a fewothers , so I could see it obtaining a final form at least similar to this one even without the influence of Latin. showing ( for showing ) - for example .
I went with this just because I like it .
( for showing ) - for example .
I went with this just because I like it .
soundseeing - judicious , which literally means " having sound judgment " .
- judicious , which literally means " having sound judgment " .
tens of - originally dozen , but there 's no particular reason to think that a language would naturally adopt a special word for the number 12 , so I changed it to tens .
- originally dozen , but there 's no particular reason to think that a language would naturally adopt a special word for the number 12 , so I changed it to tens .
tidings - the original word was news and the word new is Germanic , butthe usage is modelled after French and I thought the word tidings would seem more appropriate .
- the original word was news and the word new is Germanic , butthe usage is modelled after French and I thought the word tidings would seem more appropriate .
timeboard - agenda .
Timetable minus the Latin - derived table , thus timeboard .
- agenda .
Timetable minus the Latin - derived table , thus timeboard .
timeprick - made this one myself to signify a point in time , not just any point .
- made this one myself to signify a point in time , not just any point .
unstillness - inspired ( but not modelled upon ) by Norwegian nødstilfelle , crisis
- inspired ( but not modelled upon ) by Norwegian , crisis worklosshood - if you know any German you 'll probably recognize this as being influenced by Arbeitslösigkeit ( unemployment ) .
Notes on vocabulary :( note especially why I chose to stick with the wordsandAnd of course note that proper names like Wall Street Journal need not be changed .
Note that this is not an attempt to extrapolate on what English might look like without the Norman invasion , because that resulted in a complete change to the structure of the language as well ; it 's merely to show just how many words in English come from non-Germanic sources , and how some other words might have been constructed if the influence from those languages was n't quite so strong .
One other last thing to mention : it 's interesting how when translating a blog post ( much less formal than a newspaper article ) you have a higher chance of finding whole sentences without a single non-Germanic word in them .
Something like " and I 'll find a link for you on this if I can " is all Germanic .
With the first article I do n't think I was able to go through a single sentence without changing at least a few words .
Muslim ‘ peace ’ protestors shout TAKBIR and ALLAH AKBAR as they chase British Police officers down the street in London .
I really do n’t know what to make of this .
The officers look spooked , and appear to be afraid to turn and take charge of the situation .
This is not good , is it ?
HAT TIP : Mar in the comments
Share this article .
$ 40 million – Motu Tane , Bora Bora , French Polynesia
Essentially not a true addition to the list , as Motu Tane is technically only available for rent these days .
It used to be on sale for $ 40 million ; however , you and your friends can now spend copious amounts of money to be able to have your own private island for a minimum of three days .
Their rates start at $ 30,000 per night for the first 8 people , but then increase from there .
With just one resort ( consisting of a multitude of bungalows equipped with the latest in comfort technology : plasma TVs , sunken lava bathtubs , exquisite dining facilities ) that is rented to only one group of people at any particular time , the luxurious island is the ideal place for privacy .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- General Motors and Chrysler LLC asked the government Tuesday for $ 21.6 billion in additional loans , but the final cost of a bailout of the auto industry could be significantly higher .
The two struggling auto giants have already received a total of $ 17.4 billion in loans .
If they get the new loans they want , the price tag of the bailout would climb to $ 39 billion .
What 's more , $ 7.5 billion in loans have already been approved for the financing arms of GM and Chrysler .
Congress also approved funding last year for $ 25 billion in loans to help automakers convert their plants to produce more fuel efficient cars .
But dealers and suppliers are also asking for federal aid .
And consumers may eventually get further incentives from the government to buy new cars .
All told , it could take up to $ 130 billion to save Detroit .
Here 's a breakdown of the rest of the money that might be needed .
Loan guarantees requested by auto parts suppliers : $ 18.5 billion .
The trade groups for parts suppliers are asking loan guarantees for the amount they 're owed by domestic automakers .
They are also seeking guarantees on other types of commercial loans and help so General Motors ( GM , Fortune 500 ) and Chrysler pay their suppliers more quickly .
Loan guarantees being requested by auto dealers : $ 5 billion to $ 20 billion .
This is still in the works .
But the National Automobile Dealers Association is working on a request for federal loan guarantees to make sure they can get the cash they need to finance their inventories .
NADA vice president and general counsel Andrew Koblenz said the range is likely to be in the $ 5 billion to $ 20 billion range .
Line of credit being requested by Ford : $ 9 billion .
Ford Motor ( F , Fortune 500 ) continues to insist that it should n't need federal help , primarily because it locked up financing years before the credit markets dried up .
But in December , the automaker asked Congress to approve a $ 9 billion line of credit for the company in case sales were worse than expected or a rival 's bankruptcy caused widespread failures in its own supplier or dealership base .
Since that request , car sales have plunged further and forecasts for 2009 have grown increasingly bleak .
Tax credit for " Cash for Clunkers " program : $ 16 billion .
There are a couple of different proposals floating around Capitol Hill to have the federal government give buyers of new , fuel - efficient vehicles a tax credit of up to $ 10,000 if they turn in an old , fuel - inefficient vehicle to be scrapped .
One version of the proposal , which would have been available for 1.6 million buyers , was briefly included in the economic stimulus package before it was stripped out .
But stand - alone versions of the bill are still alive in Congress , and they have support of both the auto industry and environmentalists .
Allowing car buyers to deduct interest on auto loans : $ 9 billion .
This proposal from Sen. Barbara Mikulski , D - Md. , easily passed the Senate during debate on the stimulus bill .
But it was stripped out of the final version , leaving a far more modest tax credit that allows buyers to deduct only the sales and excise tax they pay on a new car purchase .
Auto dealers and automakers were strong supporters of making interest deductible as a way to spur demand .
How to pay for it
If the Obama administration decides to move ahead with additional loans for GM and Chrysler , some think it may wrap all the various proposals into one auto bailout bill .
Still , there are questions about where future funding will come from .
Much of the money for Detroit so far has come from the Troubled Asset Relief Program , the $ 700 bailout of the nation 's financial system approved last fall .
But much , if not all , of the additional money will probably have to be approved by Congress , rather than just Treasury .
That could prove to be an easier sell in this Congress though .
The House passed a $ 34 billion bailout for GM , Chrysler and Ford last December but it failed to win approval from enough Republicans in the Senate .
But the Democratic majority of both houses has grown significantly since then .
So it is likely that a similar bailout measure would find the 60 votes needed to advance in the Senate , assuming all Democrats support it as they did the recently passed stimulus bill .
The automakers ' strongest argument for getting the help to get the industry back on its feet is that it could cost the government far more if they fail .
GM and Chrysler both included estimates in viability plans submitted to the Treasury Tuesday about how much they would need to fund their operations if they went through a bankruptcy reorganization .
GM said it could cost up to $ 100 billion in loans over two years , while Chrysler estimated it would cost between $ 20 billion and $ 25 billion .
Both companies said that if they went bankrupt , they would be forced to halt operations and liquidate if they did not receive the loans .
And if they were to go out of business , lost federal tax revenue would reach into the hundreds of billions of dollars , according to company estimates .
Experts agreed that a bankruptcy at either company would be far more expensive for taxpayers than the amount of money they are asking for .
" There would be nothing standard about a bankruptcy filing at GM , " said Michigan bankruptcy attorney Douglas Bernstein .
" You do n't normally have the government as your lender .
And I do n't think anybody has been through a bankruptcy of this magnitude . "
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
The founder of a U.S. Muslim television network has been arrested and charged with murdering his wife by beheading her , the network ’s Web site and local media reported .
Muzzammil Hassan , founder and CEO of Buffalo , N.Y. - based Bridges TV which launched in 2004 with a mission to show Muslims in a more positive light , was charged after reporting the death of his wife , Aasiya Hassan , 37 , on Thursday night .
After Hassan , 44 , told police his wife was at the Bridges TV offices , in the village of Orchard Park , they found her body there , beheaded , The Buffalo News reported .
Authorities said Aasiya Hassan , with whom Hassan had two children , had recently filed for divorce and had an order of protection mandating that he leave their home as of February 6 .
He was being held in a county detention center charged with second - degree murder .
“ Our deepest condolences and prayers go out to the families of the victim , ” a statement on the network ’s Web site said on Monday .
“ We request that their right to privacy be respected . ”
“ There had been problems before and there had been prior incidents of physical abuse , ” Corey Hogan , whose law firm Hogan Willig represented Aasiya Hassan in the divorce proceeding , told the newspaper .
I would like to take this opportunity to thank you and all the lawyers involved at your firm who worked diligently and tirelessly to bring about the positive result in my case .
I will continue to keep your firm uppermost in mind as the need arises for legal counsel for me , members of my ...
MUSIC NEWS - Trent Reznor 's latest web post today has good news / bad news for Nine Inch Nails fans .
For one he says , " I 've been thinking for some time now it 's time to make NIN disappear for a while " .
It 's not an announcement that NIN is xompletely done , but seems like they certainly will be laying low for some time .
As for the good news , Reznor talks about his friendship with JANE'S ADDICTION , their time together and says , " After some thought , we decided to book a last run of shows across the globe this year .
The approach to these shows is quite different from last year - much more raw , spontaneous and less scripted .
Fun for us and a different way for you to see us and wave goodbye .
I reached out to Jane 's to see if they'd want to join us across the US and we all felt it could be a great thing . "
See his full message at NIN.com .
( CNN ) --
The Texas Department of State Health Services on Thursday ordered the recall of all products ever shipped from the Peanut Corporation of America 's plant in Plainview , Texas , after discovering dead rodents , rodent excrement and bird feathers in the plant .
The plant produced oil - roasted and dry- roasted peanuts , peanut meal and granulated peanut .
The order , which applies to products shipped since the plant opened nearly four years ago , came a day after the discovery of filth in a crawl space above a production area during a health services inspection , Texas Health Department Press Officer Doug McBride told CNN in a telephone interview .
The plant 's ventilation system pulled debris " from the infested crawl space into production areas of the plant resulting in the adulteration of exposed food products , " a health department news release said .
Officials at the plant , which opened in March 2005 and produced oil - roasted peanuts , dry - roasted peanuts , peanut meal and granulated peanut , voluntarily stopped operations Monday night .
" Our understanding is that the bulk of their products go to other food manufacturers , " McBride said .
" We 're not aware of any direct sales to consumers . "
The state has the authority to stop a company 's operations and order a recall if it finds " a condition that poses an immediate and serious threat to human life or health , " as was the case here , he said .
Though tests are being carried out to determine if the products contain salmonella or other disease - causing organisms , the orders are not contingent on what is found , he said .
The plant is barred from resuming operations without health services approval .
The company 's peanut butter and peanut paste products produced at its plant in Blakely , Georgia , have been linked to a nationwide outbreak of salmonella poisoning that has affected 600 people , killing nine .
A call to the company 's telephone number , which was working earlier this week , elicited a recording that said it was no longer in service .
All About Peanut Corporation of America
Microsoft and Google have been locked in a struggle with both botnets and human networks devoted to cracking both companies ' CAPTCHAs for over a year .
Security researchers have continued to research more advanced forms of the security test ( CAPTCHA stands for Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart ) , but the vast majority of companies that employ CAPTCHAs ( including Microsoft ) use variations of warped letters on a pixelated background .
CAPTCHAs were initially quite successful at stymieing automatic bot registration ; it was big news last year when spammers cracked both Microsoft 's and Google 's CAPTCHA systems .
Microsoft resecured its own with a new algorithm , but the company 's renewed security has been short - lived .
Spammers have cracked Windows Live Hotmail once again in a countermove that will have Redmond scrambling for its own response .
The typical CAPTCHA - cracking process occurs one of two ways .
In some cases , a zombie PC is used to register for the initial account up until the point where the CAPTCHA is displayed .
The image is then sent to a remote server , decoded , and sent back for input .
If the decode process is successful , the zombie registers the account and continues on to its next directive .
In some other cases , as we 've previously discussed , the first part of the account registration process is handled by a zombie , but the actual CAPTCHA - cracking is done by teams assembled in foreign countries expressly for this purpose .
CAPTCHA - cracking companies appeared last year in India and China , often advertising their ability to crack thousands or hundreds of thousands of CAPTCHAs in a single day .
This growth in available human capital has not diminished the attractiveness of automated cracking services given that the former have to be paid while the latter do n't .
Microsoft has adapted the algorithms that Windows Live Hotmail uses several times in the past year , but none of the company 's adaptations have held for more than a few months at a time .
The hackers , according to Websense , do n't need anything like a perfect success rate in order to make their attempts worthwhile — the company estimates that malware authors have a current success rate of 12.5 to 20 percent , which is more than high enough to justify the time .
Websense also reports that bot masters have begun encrypting the communication data flowing from the zombie PC to the attack server , which makes the illicit traffic that much harder to detect or trace .
" As we 've seen from previous patterns , spammers just attack whatever system is in place , " said Carl Leonard , Websense 's European threat research manager , according to Infoworld .
" They are financially motivated to get hold of details , and will increase the sophistication of attacks , in a persistent cycle . "
Despite numerous attempts , researchers have yet to find " CAPTCHA 2.0 ; " of the numerous systems proposed , many strain the legitimate , human component of the process too much to be considered practical .
Even in the event that researchers find a new CAPTCHA system , the presence of dedicated cracking teams in other countries will continue to be a problem .
For now , it 's business as usual , and Microsoft will undoubtedly rotate its algorithms again in its increasingly short - lived attempts to resecure the gate .
Long - term , I 'm not sure CAPTCHAs have a real future in the war against spam .
They still act to reduce the total number of spamware accounts — blocking seven out of eight registration attempts is better than blocking none of them — but their effectiveness in reducing the overall amount of SPAM out there seems to be decreasing .
As rivers run dry and fields turn to dust , China has announced dramatic plans to cut water use by industry and agriculture .
Water resources minister Chen Lei said it would cut the amount of water needed to produce each dollar of GDP by 60 % by 2020 .
With the economy on course to grow by 60 % by then , that effectively means it wants to consume no more water then than today .
The announcement suggests that the government has finally decided that it cannot rely on “ supply - side ” solutions to water shortages , like the $ 60 - billion south - north water transfer scheme , which is aimed at watering the arid north with water from the giant Yangtze river in the south .
It comes after China ’s worst drought in half a century , and increased water shortages caused by industrial pollution that makes river water unfit for drinking , even after treatment .
Advertisement
Official statistics show the country ’s urban supply systems and irrigation networks currently lack , on average , 40 cubic kilometres of water a year – not much less than the entire flow of the Yellow River .
The problems are worst in the north , the country ’s traditional breadbasket , which has two - thirds of its farmland but only a fifth of its water .
Heavy extraction has reduced the Yellow River to a trickle most years .
China ’s biggest need is to reduce water use for growing food .
The country ’s notoriously inefficient farms use two - thirds of the country ’s water supplies .
According to Junguo Liu of the Swiss Federal Institute of Aquatic Science and Technology , the Chinese pump around 1200 cubic kilometres of water from rivers and underground aquifers to irrigate fields each year .
Unless efficiency is improved , he predicts that figure will rise by a quarter by 2020 as meat demand grows .
Meat requires more water to grow than traditional vegetables and cereals .
Criminal Justice Schools ( CriminalJusticeSchools.org ) is an online resource for careers and education in criminal justice and law enforcement .
We provide students and professionals of law enforcement with current industry stats , salary figures , and information on criminal justice schools and degrees .
Glance over our site to get a feel for careers and education in criminal justice , or find a school near you .
Have you ever seen those displays of discounted chocolates after Valentine 's Day and wondered what fool would buy one ?
Well , I was one of those fools .
Early in our marriage , I bought a half - off box at a drug store for my wife , Clarissa .
As ...
A lot of knowledgeable people point to the bankruptcy of Lehman as the moment when the financial crisis turned into a near - panic .
The reason is not that Lehman had a particularly large market cap , but that it controlled over $ 600 billion in assets and had a similar amount of debt .
That meant a fire sale for certain types of assets and a lot of jilted creditors .
The upshot of the jilted creditors was that banks became afraid to loan money to each other because they were n’t sure they could get it back ( Lehman ’s liquidation was extremely disorganized , as one might expect from a $ 600 billion fire sale ) .
That ’s what freezes credit markets and that ’s what makes the government so afraid of other bank failures .
As Josh Marshall points out , what “ nationalization ” might really be about is organized liquidations :
The idea has never been to nationalize the banking sector as a matter of on - going national policy .
It ’s more like a highly structured and customized form of moving these institutions through Chapter 11 bankruptcy .
In fact , we have a whole system in place for how this is done by the FDIC .
A friend of mine who ’s a senior manager at a hedge fund wrote to me about this a few weeks ago ( this is long , but I found it worth reading ) :
Imagine the panic among regular consumers if this FDIC insurance did not exist !
Bank runs would most likely be weekly in the current environment .
The government thought up a solution , and it is working great right now .
The government fixed the bank to consumer confidence issue , now it needs to fix the bank to bank confidence issue .
What is effectively happening right now is that the way we are “ fixing ” the bank to bank confidence issue is we are just giving banks money .
It ’s moronic and stone - age in its methodology compared to the relative cheapness of the FDIC insurance scheme .
We need a way to ensure that if a bank has a dealing with another bank , that a bank CAN go bankrupt and the other banks or hedge funds can quickly regain any assets they had stored with that bank .
The CEOs of a lot of banks oppose this .
Why ?
Well , if your parents decided that your out - of - control spending and poor investment choices were likely to bankrupt you as a person but decided that they should just give you money , would you argue ?
Would you turn to your parents and say , “ look , I do n’t think you should give me money , just create an easy way for me to go bankrupt and I ’ll be fine . ”
Of course not .
The CEO ’s of major banks WANT to be too big to fail , they want the government ’s money .
They do n’t want a way that they can easily go bankrupt , lose their jobs and their pensions and their stocks , and slide into irrelevancy .
Yet , this is exactly what taxpayers need .
A way that a bank can go bankrupt seamlessly and the financial system stays afloat .
So , how do we ensure that a bank can go under seamlessly ?
Simple , just look at what happens when a bank goes under .
When Lehman went under , every bank or hedge funds suddenly had any asset they had with Lehman effectively seized by an army of PriceWaterhouseCoopers administrators .
Would you want your money in their hands ?
Of course , they immediately took the option that would keep themselves employed and money pouring into the hands of PWC for as long as possible – they tied up all assets and told all hedge funds and banks that they would have to make a legal claim to regain their assets and which assets were returned would be handled in court .
Imagine the effects if you banked at Citibank , and if Citibank went under the policy was “ you ca n’t get your money back , and if you want any of it you have to file a court claim . ”
Well , you can imagine the response , which was that every bank stopped having any difficult transactional dealing with any other bank , and fear gripped the market .
Most figure they ’ll get 15 % of their assets back , and maybe not for years .
Hence your current credit crisis .
As soon as a bank goes under , the federal government needs to step in and tell PWC or other consulting firms to go away and try to bill someone else a few million dollars a day .
Over the next three weeks , while the federal government is in charge , employees may not leave , they must show to their job , and they must unwind every trade , and that is their only function .
Valuations of these trades will be established by a third - party governmental group , which will effectively ask banks to value each other ’s positions ( without telling each bank which counterparty they are valuing and which way , buy or sell , they are valuing ) .
All unwind transactions will be reported and recorded , collateral will be settled and returned where appropriate , the federal government will daily fund the unwinds and be first in line at the end of the three weeks to get assets .
Is it perfect ?
No .
Is it far better than now ?
Absolutely .
You currently have financial amateurs ( PWC ) who are also legal experts running a bankruptcy of Lehman .
They are concerned with being perfectly fair , all the while they are running up a bill that will be in the hundreds of millions of dollars .
Other banks and hedge funds do n’t want fair , they want 95 % accurate and right now .
Which would you rather have if you had $ 10,000 at Citibank and they went under ?
Would you rather have a two year legal process that promised that all investors would be treated roughly the same way with whatever was left over while a big consulting firm soaked up millions in fees or would you rather get $ 9,200 right now and be done with it ?
The only way to solve this bank to bank and bank to fund credit crisis is to do what we did many years ago with the bank to consumer crisis – minimize the impact of bankruptcy on the customer .
Who cares about the equity or bondholders of the company , they come second .
Confidence will return only when the effects of bankruptcy are minimized .
Printing money and giving it to banks only means the banks will keep the money for themselves because the core fear – bankruptcy of a counterparty – is still there and hence will only marginally ease the credit crisis .
The group took pictures of their neo -Nazi activities Eight teenagers have been sentenced to time in jail by a court in Israel for carrying out a series of neo -Nazi attacks that shocked the nation .
The eight , aged from 16 to 19 , were found guilty of attacking religious Jews , foreign workers , drug addicts and gay people and desecrating a synagogue .
The group , immigrants to Israel from the former Soviet Union , were sentenced to between one and seven years in jail .
Israel was founded in the wake of the Nazi Holocaust in which millions died .
One of those convicted was the grandson of a Holocaust survivor .
There was widespread revulsion in Israel when the existence of the neo -Nazi gang was revealed after their arrests in 2007 .
Attacks filmed Delivering his verdict , the judge at Tel Aviv district court said he handed down severe penalties in an effort to deter others from following their example .
The fact that they are Jews from the ex-Soviet Union and that they had sympathised with individuals who believed in racist theories is terrible
Judge Tsvi Gurfinkel Gang leader Erik Bonite , who is also known as Ely the Nazi , was sentenced to seven years in jail , the AFP news agency reported .
" The fact that they are Jews from the ex-Soviet Union and that they had sympathised with individuals who believed in racist theories is terrible , " Judge Tsvi Gurfinkel said as he handed down his verdict .
All eight lived in Petah Tikva , near Tel Aviv , where the group made videos of their attacks and hoarded a cache of fascist memorabilia .
According to information released at the time , searches of their homes yielded Nazi uniforms , portraits of Adolf Hitler , knives , guns and TNT .
The gang members sported tattoos popular with white supremacists - including the number 88 , code for Heil Hitler - H being the eighth letter of the alphabet .
Video clips found on computers seized by police showed the suspects dressed in typical skinhead neo -Nazi clothes , in the process of assaulting their victims , Israel 's Haaretz newspaper reported .
They were charged with offences including conspiracy to commit a crime , assault , racial incitement and the distribution of racist materials .
The suspects all migrated to Israel under the Law of Return , which allows anyone with at least one Jewish grandparent to become a citizen .
But their links to Judaism are slender , with most qualifying for citizenship through grandparents or distant family connections .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
' Shocking ' video shows cops grabbing cash during raid David Edwards
Published : Monday February 2 , 2009
Print This Email This The New York City Police Department has launched an internal probe to investigate a raid on a Staten Island bar .
In a video posted on YouTube , police officers wearing jackets decorated with the NYPD logo can be seen smashing gambling machines at the " Beer Goggles " bar and putting confiscated cash into their pockets .
" A shocking video showing NYPD cops raiding a bar , smashing gambling machines and shoving confiscated cash into their pockets has become an Internet hit and led to an internal probe of the officers involved , " The New York Post reports .
Criminal Justice editor Murray Weiss continues , " No official determination has been made as to whether cops were simply doing their jobs during the Nov. 14 , 2007 , raid on Beer Goggles , a troubled bar on Staten Island , or if they had more sinister motives .
But they told superiors things were done according to procedure . "
According to the paper , " The raiders reported confiscating approximately $ 700 and arrested three workers for promoting gambling . "
An NBC News blog adds , " The surveillance tape popped up on YouTube under the headline ' NYPD corruption at its best . '
The video was first screened at a separate departmental trial for Sgt. William Lewis .
Many of the police actions were led by Lewis , a 24 - year veteran . "
" The Internal Affairs Bureau investigated Lewis for five months before suspending him and leveling corruption charges in March , " the blog continues .
" Several cops from the raiding party testified against him .
No decision has yet been reached . "
In the video clip below New York Post highlights relevant portions of the original video , broadcast Feb. 2 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
The following video is the original video as it was posted YouTube , broadcast Dec. 19 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
GOP senator flips out at airline , sets off security alarm John Byrne
Published : Wednesday March 11 , 2009
Print This Email This The Republican senator who found himself on a DC madam 's client list is drawing new attention over " impulse control . "
After missing a flight last Thursday from Washington to New Orleans ,
Louisiana Sen .
David Vitter opened an armed security door and went off on a United Airlines employee , according to a report filed Wednesday by ( paid- restricted ) Roll Call .
The door sounded a security alarm .
Vitter had arrived at the gate for a flight from Dulles Airport , only to find that the door had been closed twenty minutes prior to departure .
After setting off the security alarm , the Louisiana senator proceeded to dress down an airline employee who told him entering the restricted area was forbidden .
He invoked his standing as a senator , delivering a " do - you - know - who - I- am " tirade , the paper said .
The airline worker then announced he was going to summon security .
" Vitter , according to the witness , remained defiant , yelling that the employee could call the police if he wanted to and their supervisors , who , presumably , might be more impressed with his Senatorâs pin , " the paper 's Heard on the Hill column noted .
" But after talking a huffy big game , Vitter apparently thought better of pushing the confrontation any further .
When the gate attendant left to find a security guard , Vitter turned tail and simply fled the scene . "
The paper joked that Vitter , 47 , had joined the " mile - low club , " and said that there 's a " proud tradition " of US lawmakers devolving into temper tantrums at airports .
Reached for comment by Roll Call , Vitter 's spokeperson did not dispute the incident .
Vitter 's name appeared on the call logs of Deborah Jeane Palfrey , the notorious DC madam who later committed suicide .
Following the logs ' publication in July 2007 , Vitter acknowledged that he had used Palfrey 's escort services and apologized for a " very serious sin " in his past .
Palfrey 's records showed she called him five times -- twice while House roll call votes were in progress .
Vitter served in the House from 1999 until his election to the Senate in 2004 .
Update : Following Thursday evening 's incident at Washington Dulles , TSA told The National Journal that they will be examining the event , even though a spokeswoman at the airport told the Times - Picayune that she doubts a police report was filed about the incident .
Offenses are judged on a case - by - case basis , and officials are n't speculating as to whether fines or other punishments will be served to Senator Vitter .
Vitter 's version of the story in a statement released today differs greatly from that of observers .
" After being delayed on the Senate floor ensuring a vote on my anti-pay - raise amendment and in a rush to make my flight home for town hall meetings the next day , I accidentally went through a wrong door at the gate , " Vitter said in a statement .
" I did have a conversation with an airline employee , but it was certainly not like this silly gossip column made it out to be . "
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
When it comes to courtship , mankind has nothing on the animal kingdom .
The evolutionary imperative of finding a suitable mate has produced a staggering array of rituals , from black grouse booty - shaking to mosquito duets and gender - bending octopi camouflage .
It 's a rare animal that does n't seek romantic attention in a funky way .
Some of these rituals are designed to convey reproductive fitness .
Others are meant to trick reluctant mates into a one - night stand .
And — hermaphrodites withstanding — it 's nearly always the males who try to catch the attention of ladies .
Maybe animals and humans are n't so different after all .
Black Grouse : Sometimes simple is best : just plain , old - fashioned booty - shaking , with males showing off their bright white posterior feathers and engaging in ritualized battles that look a bit like capoeira .
Video : Greatswamp
Abdopus aculeatus :
This Indian Ocean octopus does n't exactly display what people call courtship .
Instead , the males mimic female coloration , allowing them to get close enough to a female to make mating possible .
Sometimes , however , as in the video above , the guys just fight .
Video : Chuffard
Hippopotamuses : Hippo ladies do n't exactly go for metrosexuals .
To impress them , males use their tails to fling their feces — a highly - efficient way of conveying olfactory cues about reproductive health .
Image : Flickr / Stephanie Carter
Flatworms :
Thankfully for humans , courtship does n't involve figuring out which partner is male and female .
Not so for the hermaphroditic flatworm , who settle their similarities with penis jousting contests .
The winner gets to be the man in the relationship .
Video : 0uploader
Horseshoe crabs :
This primitive arthropod does n't have any couple - specific rituals — at least , none that biologists can identify .
But they make the list because they mate only during the summer , on beaches , under full moons .
With that sort of romance , no wonder the species has survived for 350 million years .
Video : Solatia
Bighorn sheep : Like the Black Grouse , they do n't do anything radical — they just do it well .
Males fight to impress the ladies , running into each other head - first at high speed , their horns making a sound that reverberates for miles .
Video : tyhawk
Elephants :
In stark contrast to the animal world 's more combative and deceitful mating rituals stands the elephant .
Males conduct their courtship over a period of weeks , squirting females with water , bringing them food and generally proving how nice they are .
Image : Flickr / Doug8888
Mosquito :
Most animal mating rituals involve a guy trying to impress a girl .
Leave it to the lowly mosquito to rescue equality among the sexes : their song .
Though the male 's wings typically produce a sound with a frequency of 600 hertz , and the female 's wings a 400 hertz song , each mating individual will adjust his her or sound so as to meet in the middle .
The resulting harmonic convergence is , at 1200 hertz , a bit like love itself : more than the sum of its parts .
Video : Wired
Swan image : Flickr / Steve Beger Photography
See Also :
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
The spectacular collision between two satellites on Feb. 10 could make the shuttle mission to fix the Hubble Space Telescope too risky to attempt .
Before the collision , space junk problems had already upped the Hubble mission 's risk of a " catastrophic impact " beyond NASA 's usual limits , Nature 's Geoff Brumfiel reported today , and now the problem will be worse .
Mark Matney , an orbital debris specialist at the Johnson Space Center in Houston , Texas told the publication that even before the collision , the risk of an impact was 1 in 185 , which was
" uncomfortably close to unacceptable levels " and the satellite collision " is only going to add on to that . "
Matney said that it could be one or two weeks before NASA knows if the mission will go ahead .
If it does , the shuttle Atlantis is expected to reach the telescope in mid-May .
The Hubble experienced a major malfunction of a scientific data router back in September , mere weeks before a mission intended to service it was scheduled to fly .
A backup system was switched on and the Shuttle mission was postponed so that a spare part could be tested and flown up .
Now , however , that backup system could be all that the
Hubble 's got .
If it fails , the telescope 's brilliant run could be over .
NASA spokeswoman , Beth Dickey , would not specifically comment on whether or not the collision had created elevated risk for the Hubble repair mission .
" What we 've told everyone is that there is an elevated risk to virtually any satellite in low - earth orbit , " Dickey said .
" As far as NASA 's assets are concerned , that risk is considered to be very small .
I have not seen or heard anything that would lead me to think differently . "
Dickey noted , however , that the mission would receive a full check out in the weeks between now and the scheduled launch .
" From a standpoint of space operations and the space shuttle program , NASA is going to treat the Hubble mission like any other Shuttle flight , " Dickey said .
" It 's going to get a thorough risk assessment as time passes .
The readiness for flight will be determined as we get closer to the [ launch ] date . "
The Hubble mission has experienced its share of ups and downs .
In 1990 , weeks after it launched , astronomers discovered a major error in the scope 's optics and pronounced it stillborn .
A heroic engineering effort fixed the problem and led to a string of discoveries based on some of the most - beautiful , highest - resolution images of space ever seen .
Hubble , initially deemed a failure , has turned into one of the most successful
NASA missions in the post - Apollo age .
Via > @ Disco_Dave > Free Space
Image Credit : NASA , ESA , STScI , J. Hester and P. Scowen ( Arizona State University )
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and project site , Inventing Green : the lost history of American clean tech ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Finding out what makes certain people commit suicide and others not , could provide new tools for screening patients and providing help before it is too late ( Image : Matt Carr / Taxi )
FOR a few months in late 2006 and early 2007 , the woman who called herself kristi4 was one of the best - known members of the pro-anorexia community .
As the administrator of a blog on LiveJournal.com , she dispensed advice , encouraged others and wrote candidly about her own struggles .
Then , late one Friday night , after a series of entries describing what she was planning to do , kristi4 killed herself with an overdose of prescription sleeping pills , muscle relaxants and painkillers .
Her death was just one tragic data point in one of the most striking statistics in all of psychology .
It has long been known that anorexia has the highest death rate of any mental illness : one out of every five people with anorexia eventually die of causes related to the disease .
What has only now been recognised , however , is that a huge number of those deaths are from suicide rather than starvation .
Someone who develops anorexia is 50 to 60 times more likely to kill themselves than people in the general population .
No other group has a suicide rate anywhere near as high ( Archives of General Psychiatry , vol 60 , p 179 ) .
Recently , psychologists have tried to explain why anorexia and suicide are so intimately connected , something which is helping to answer the wider question of why anyone would commit suicide .
If this explanation holds up , it will give psychiatrists a new tool for screening patients and determining which of them are most likely …
blackwater bagdadIraq ’s government says it wo n’t give Blackwater a license to operate in the country .
So does that mean the firm ’s cadre of tattooed gunslingers will be gone from Iraq , forever ?
Not exactly .
Sure , Blackwater as a corporate entity probably wo n’t be roaming the streets of Baghdad or Mosul for much longer .
But the individual mercenaries who ’ve been working for years in Iraq , serving as a Praetorian Guard for the State Department ’s diplomats — those guys likely will be able to stay .
The State Department has a contract for “ worldwide personal protective services ” with three firms : Blackwater , DynCorp , and Triple Canopy .
Nancy Fedder , a 61 - year - old Hillsborough resident , approaches the coffee grinder for what long has been a daily ritual .
But her use of the appliance likely differs from many Central Jerseyans .
Instead of crushing coffee beans so she can brew a cup of joe , Fedder puts marijuana in the device to grind up the substance so she can smoke it in a pipe on her back porch .
Fedder , who lives with her daughter and two grandchildren , is a retired computer programmer who has coped with multiple sclerosis for 16 years .
She also is one of the faces of the continuing debate over the potential legalization of medical marijuana in New Jersey .
" I know from my past experience that when you put a face on an issue and when they go to the TV and they see a 60 - year - old grandmother in Hillsborough – I mean how rural can you get ?
– sitting there talking about medical marijuana , that makes people think , " Fedder said during a recent interview at her home .
" It makes them stop reading the bill and stop thinking about all the highfalutin politics .
" But politics , of course , has enveloped the issue .
Advocates of a bill called the " New Jersey Compassionate Use Medical Marijuana Act " argue that legalizing marijuana for those struggling with debilitating medical conditions will give some patients an alternative to prescription medications that might be ineffective or cause serious side effects .
Fedder , for example , said some medications she takes are difficult to manage because one puts her to sleep and another , to treat spasticity , turns her legs into noodles or sticks if the dosage is n't just right .
Supporters also say the proposed law – which could come up for a full Senate vote later this month – establishes ways to safely distribute marijuana and prevents abuse by spelling out who can obtain it and how they can use it .
Critics , however , contend the bill is written too loosely to be effective , promotes experimentation with an unregulated drug and could lead to outright decriminalization of marijuana .
UNDERSTANDING THE BILL :
The medical - marijuana act is designed to protect from arrest the patients who use medical marijuana , their primary caregivers , physicians who prescribe the drug and those who produce or distribute it for medical purposes .
To qualify to use the drug , patients would need to register with the state or have their primary caregiver agree to " provide marijuana only to the patient who has named him as caregiver .
" Caregivers and patients approved to use the drug could not have more than six marijuana plants and one ounce of usable marijuana at one time .
Those in charge of managing treatment centers that would be permitted to cultivate or distribute medical marijuana also would be limited to having the same amount for each patient who is registered with the facility .
The bill ( S119 ) also states that patients eligible to use medical marijuana would be those with debilitating or chronic medical conditions – cancer and glaucoma , for example – or diseases that cause symptoms such as wasting syndrome , severe nausea or persistent muscle spasms .
Other medical conditions could be approved by the state Department of Health and Senior Services , which is the agency that would oversee registration and provide lawmakers with annual updates on the process .
The bill states that it in no way would require health insurers to reimburse patients for costs associated with medical marijuana nor mandate employers to accommodate the use of medical marijuana at work .
It also bans patients from using the drug while on public transportation or on school grounds , public parks , beaches and recreation centers .
Similarly , medical marijuana users could n't legally drive under the influence .
Sen. Nicholas P. Scutari , D - Linden , is a prime sponsor of the bill and said he has been crafting it since joining the Senate in 2004 .
" I just absolutely think it 's the right thing to do for society as a whole , " he said .
Scutari , who is Linden 's municipal prosecutor , said a friend of his moved to California to get access to medical marijuana to treat severe pain , and it " changed his life dramatically .
"
The senator , who declined to discuss his view on full legalization of the drug , said those stricken with disease can benefit from using a substance that is readily available and cheap to manufacture .
" This bill is very narrowly tailored and carefully drafted , and it 's going to do exactly what we say it 's going to do , " Scutari said .
POTENTIAL FOR ABUSE ? : But David Evans , executive director of the Flemington - based Drug Free Schools Coalition , said just the opposite .
" What I pointed out to the committee was that this bill , even if you 're in favor of medical marijuana , this bill is not the way to achieve it , " Evans said of his testimony before the Senate Health , Human Services and Senior Citizens Committee , which passed the bill by a 6 - 1 vote with two abstentions on Dec. 15 , 2008 .
Fedder testified in support .
" This bill would implement a very bad system very similar to the one in California that has been widely abused , " Evans said of one of the more than a dozen states to have some type of medical - marijuana law .
Although New Jersey 's bill states that qualifying patients must have a " bona fide physician - patient relationship " with the doctor who reviews their medical history and suggests treatment with medical marijuana , Evans said he foresees " people growing their own marijuana and using it for whatever they feel it's appropriate for " because pain and nausea claims can't be based on uniform medical tests .
Evans also said it 's dangerous to use a drug that has n't gone through the U.S. Food and Drug Administration 's approval process because there are n't defined dosage times or amounts or a clear explanation of side effects , as in the case of marijuana .
He also cited medical associations – such as the National Multiple Sclerosis Society – that have not supported the use of medical marijuana because of a lack of conclusive research .
" Studies completed thus far have not provided convincing evidence that marijuana or its derivatives provide substantiated benefits for symptoms of MS , " according to a statement from the National Multiple Sclerosis Society available at Home : National MS Society But Fedder , who started using medical marijuana in 1993 after discovering a patients ' cooperative in New York City , said she has used the drug daily for the past 16 years to treat constant pain associated with multiple sclerosis .
Fedder said she still ventures into New York , which does not have a medical - marijuana law , to buy the drug from the same couple who ran the cooperative .
" And I found out , back then , that a puff or two , it knocks the pain down a couple of pegs , which when you 're dealing with 24/ 7 pain , a couple of points on a scale of one to 10 , is huge .
It 's huge , " Fedder said .
" So if I 'm standing up and my pain is at a seven or so and I take two puffs and the pain drops below five , that 's a big deal for me .
" Fedder said pain relief from smoking marijuana is practically instantaneous because the drug enters the blood stream more quickly than pills , which she said can take from 15 minutes to a half hour to begin working .
Although Fedder never has had a run-in with the police , she said she hopes New Jersey 's bill is signed into law so any fears of prosecution are alleviated .
Hillsborough police could not be reached for comment Friday , Jan. 30 .
NEXT STEP :
If the bill is posted and passed by the full Senate – Scutari said a vote could come as soon as Feb. 23 – supporters would begin reaching out to their Assembly colleagues in hopes of getting it passed this legislative session so the process does n't have to start over .
Derek Roseman , Assembly Democratic spokesman , said Assembly Speaker Joseph J. Roberts Jr. , D - Camden , is open to considering the bill " as long as he can be convinced that it will be carefully regulated and available under medical supervision only to those with truly legitimate needs .
" Gov. Jon S. Corzine would sign the measure into law if it passes the Legislature , spokesman Robert Corrales said .
And that 's what Fedder and other supporters are hoping for .
" I think the response we get from everybody on this issue is if that was me , if that was my loved one , if that 's what my doctor thought was the best option , I want to be able to have that option , " said Roseanne Scotti , director of New Jersey 's Drug Policy Alliance .
News
Hawk : MsRedEye : 420 MAGAZINE ® - Medical Marijuana Publication & Social Networking Source : MyCentralJersey.comAuthor : Brandon LauschCopyright : 2009 MyCentralJersey.comContact : mycentraljersey.com | Central New Jersey Contact Us | MyCentralJersey.com
Website : Hillsborough woman suffering from multiple sclerosis touts merits of medical marijuana | mycentraljersey.com | MyCentralJersey.com
( CNN ) --
A bicycle with a sticker advertising a Florida punk - folk band forced the evacuation of a Memphis , Tennessee , airport terminal late Monday afternoon , authorities said .
A pilot alerted airport police when he saw a bike with a sticker that read " this bike is a pipe bomb " parked near the passenger ramps of Terminal C at Memphis International Airport , according to the Memphis - Shelby County Airport Authority .
" Terminal C ticketing and baggage claim at the airport were cleared out , " said airport spokesman John Greaud .
" A K - 9 unit responded and found no explosive materials at the scene . "
" This Bike is a Pipe Bomb " is the name of a band based in Pensacola , Florida , and this is not the first time in the band 's 12 - year history the name has caused a commotion .
Bikes sporting similar stickers at college campuses in Ohio and Philadelphia led to building closures , arrests and the bikes ' destruction by bomb squads acting on the assumption the sticker was announcing a real threat .
The owner of the Memphis bike was taken into custody by airport police , Greaud said , but was later released because they had no grounds to hold him .
Greaud said federal authorities were discussing possible federal charges , but a federal source said it was " a non-event . "
All About Memphis • Pensacola
The photo manipulation tutorials that we have chosen for this post are all aimed towards beginner and intermediately skilled manipulators .
So if you are a Photoshop expert , there is nothing here for you , move along please .
We are also not going to pretend that these tutorials will make you a guru , mastering Photoshop is hard , really hard .
What they will do is teach you some new photo editing techniques and allow you to discover some truly time - saving tips .
Ultimately , with a little bit of work on your part , they will all allow you to expand your skillset .
Anyway , on with the tutorials …
You might also like : Top 100 Tutorials for Mastering Photoshop .
In this tutorial you ’ll be shown how to create the above photo manipulated sunrise landscape in Photoshop , learning how to combine different stock images to build a cohesive scene , blend & adjust color and create beautiful lighting effects .
Starting with a simple city image , in this tutorial you will be shown how to recreate the above manipulation , entitled “ Dark Power Unleashed ” .
With this tutorial , you will learn how to create the above science fiction scene , learning how to set up your color scheme , set your perspective , and how to create a monster robot .
In this highly imaginative tutorial you will learn how to photo manipulate a fantasy woman that is gently floating underwater .
You ’ll learn how to use textures , how to create realistic fire and lighting to bring this ' fiery portrait of a woman ' together .
In this tutorial , you will learn how to create an impressive planet explosion effect , using a few simple manipulation and selection techniques , mixing with custom brush painting and finally , adjustment layers for adding colors .
A Water Splashing Effect for a Lady Photo Manipulation
With this tutorial , you ’ll learn how to create custom brushes based on scans of different types , and then putting them to use to create the above photo manipulation .
Using some of the most common Photoshop tools ( like Smudge , Dodge and Burn ) , this tutorial will show you how to recreate the above photo manipulation artwork without needing any third - party plug-ins .
In this tutorial you will be shown how to , using the appropriate light balance , use of midtones , depth of field and blending , create this horror movie manipulation .
In this tutorial you will be shown how to create a realistic and dark photo manipulation , learning some lighting and blending techniques as well as some useful post - production tips .
You will Learn how to recreate the realistic giraffe with a neck knot in this tutorial , and how to apply spotted skin pattern to the knot shape .
Carrying on with the giraffe theme , this coool tutorial demonstrates how to undress a giraffe by removing its spots , and how to turn its spots into clothing that will be hung over an ironing board .
This tutorial will show you how to create a dark abstract photo manipulation with crows and giving it a disintegration effect .
You will learn how create the above photo manipulation of a Blade Runner on an interior skyscraper .
Throughout the tutorial , you 'll learn techniques that will help you create better matte paintings and photo manipulations .
You will learn how to create the seriously creepy human puppet hybrid , as seen above , using just a regular portrait photo of a beautiful model .
In this tutorial , you will be shown the processes for creating this “ Thinker ” photo manipulation in Photoshop .
You will learn how to use a model image and combine it with simple abstract lines and a few flying stones .
In this tutorial you 'll learn how to create the above colorful retro poster using stock photos and also learn some creative techniques that can be used in your other projects .
You will elarn how to create this eerie abstract photo manipulation called " The Pain " , learning how to combine different stock photos and applying a cold color tone to it .
In this tutorial I 'll be shown how to create the above sci- fi artwork that includes a spaceship , planets and a galaxy .
You 'll learn how to compose and manipulate the space elements together as well as blend them correctly and effectively .
In this manipulation tutorial you will be shown how to effectively create realistic fire , how to smoothen skin , and how to create realistic lighting effects .
This tutorial will walk you through the steps of how to create your very own futuristic artistic portrait .
This Photoshop tutorial will show you how to blend a beautify lady with a dreamy background .
You will also learn how to create the color , lighting , and make the contrast adjustments to fit everything into this emotional art - piece .
In this amazing tutorial you will learn how to create , using stock images , an elephant sundae !
Here you will learn how to re-create a lamb 's coat in Photoshop using several stock images .
This tutorial will teach you how to combine various elements and textures to design a dramatic and epic photo montage .
| You will also learn the basics on how to use the gradient tool and blending options to create the lighting along the way .
This tutorial will teach you many manipulation techniques , such as how to easily mask complex objects using channels , create your own astrophotography - like skies , and add surreal colors to the whole image .
Learn how to create this warm and sensual photo manipulation by combining photos , blending them , and adding a warm color effect .
This tutorial will teach you how to create a cave by transforming and merging different rock parts , easily create ropes in the form of a 3D cube using a 3D cube image as a reference , and creating a mountain scene peaking above the breathtaking clouds .
In this Photoshop tutorial you will be shown how to not only photograph the photos required , but also , how to retouch them and combine them with stock photos to create art that closely resembles a sketch .
In this tutorial , you will be shown how to create the above “ Leafy Face ” manipulation in Photoshop .
In this tutorial , you will be shown the steps to create the surreal artwork above , entitled “ Unleash the Dark Power ” .
This tutorial will show you how to create a dramatic cloud background , add glowing wings to an angel , and add some particles .
you will learn how to create the above mystical forest scene with a beautiful angel reading a book .
You will learn how to turn a basic forest photo into a night forest scene with radiating light ..
This is a manipulation tutorial that will show you how to create a romantic scenario by combining a few stock images .
You will also learn how to create beautiful color effects and how to add a soft and dreamy effect to your works .
In this Photoshop tutorial you ’ll be shown how to create an emotional autumn scene .
You ’ll learn how to blend stock images together to make a cohesive scene as well as retouch the model and create rain .
In this tutorial you will be shown how to create a truly stunning photomontage .
In this tutorial , you will learn how to melt a camera , using the Layer Mask Tool and Liquify filter .
In this Photoshop tutorial , you will learn how to integrate a model in a dark environment and apply abstract lighting effects .
You will learn how to create the creepy gothic artwork above in this Photoshop tutorial .
A Song For A Raven Photo Manipulation Tutorial
In this intermediate tutorial you will learn how to create an eerie manipulation in Photoshop .
You ’ll be shown how to use Gaussian Blur for backgrounds , apply textures for changing the tones , use the brushes and how to make your images sharper without losing quality .
This tutorial shows you how to combine different stock photos to create a calm landscape phpto manipulation .
In this tutorial you will learn how to blend and distort various desert landscape stock images to create a dynamic fish - eye perspective and use adjustment layers to add different coloring and feel to the manipulation .
With this photo manipulation tut you will learn how to create a beautiful abstract portrait .
Here you ’ll learn how to create a complex falling angel scene
Learn the steps to create an abstract styled sword warrior with fiery effect with this tutorial .
In this tutorial you ’ll learn how to make a surreal apple habitat scene .
In this tutorial they cover how to integrate elements from different sources to create a realistic photo manipulation with dark and conceptual elements .
You ’ll learn how to use a variety of blending modes to professionally blend images to create a dramatic sci- fi scene .
In this photo manipulation tutorial , you ’ll create a surreal desert scene with everything turning into sand .
Starting with simple techniques , like replacing the sky and adding a focus effect to the landscape .
Learn an easy and quick way to blend glass , apply lighting effects and apply color adjustments to get the exact picture you want .
Photoshop is great at seamlessly combining photos to create an entirely new scene .
In this tutorial you ’ll learn to create an elephant sundae using several stock photos .
Learn to create a secret haven in the sky !
This Photoshop tutorial shows you how to create a surreal scene where boats pick up travelers and fly them to a secret mountain passage in the sky .
This tutorial shows us how to blend images seamlessly and master working with lighting and shadows .
This tut takes a look at the steps for creating a liquid human photo manipulation witht texture .
This is an intermediate level tutorial so some steps are a bit tricky .
Learn to compose a magical scene from different stock images by creating a strong atmosphere and add interesting lights and shadows .
In this Photoshop tutorial , you ’re shown the steps to create a unique , dark surreal photo manipulation with the Nebula Effect .
This is an intermediate level tutorial .
Learn to create a surreal mother nature photo manipulation with this tutorial .
This tutorial shows you how to create a surreal scene by blending stock photos seamlessly .
You ’ll also learn how to fix and enhance the lighting of your images .
In this tutorial , you will see a demonstration of how to create a studio sports portrait using the same techniques that you see on billboards and in magazines .
Learn to use Photoshop to create this stormy photo manipulation .
This tutorial shows you how to merge images together , adjust lighting and contrast , and create effects like lightning bolts and rain .
In this tutorial , you ’re shown how to spice up a fairly dull and flat photograph .
It ’s quick and easy , taking you from a flat photo to a uniquely lit style .
In this tutorial you ’ll learn how to anipulate a photo into a natural spa scene .
In this tutorial you ’re shown how to create a Deus EX inspired high - tech eyeball by using retouching techniques and creating a futuristic iris using Shape layers and Layer Styles .
Create a surreal alien photo manipulation with vivid colors .
This tutorial walks you through the steps to create an alien creature and add multiple UFOs .
In this tutorial you ’re shown how to create a miniature world using some interesting techniques .
In this tutorial you ’ll create a fantasy scene where a witch holds a sacred log in her hands , covering interesting topics like working with textures and blending modes , lighting , advanced image cutting techniques , and typography .
In this tutorial , you ’ll create a surrealistic room with realistic water as its floor , real looking clouds as its wallpaper , a clock on the wall and a boat on the water floor .
You ’ll learn a lot of technical aspects here , like visualizing and creating a perspective using the ruler and the transform tools especially the distort tool , creating realistic waves using the brush tool and two wave brush sets , using brush textures and apply it to the walls to make them realistic .
You ’ll learn to blend elements like water and the moon , create seamless structures with the clone stamp tool , and finish it off with a cold movie photo effect .
In this tutorial you ’ll learn to create this photo manipulation using five stock photos .
The final results are of a hungry whale stealing a goldfish from a seagull !
This tutorial shows you how to combine stock photos , apply a rain effect , then finish it off with a dramatic photo effect .
In this tutorial you will combine several stock images to create a floating over - grown tree house .
Learn how to recreate this photo manipulation of a flying man similar to the Human Torch or Iron Man .
This Photoshop tutorial shows you how to apply cinematic lighting effects and manipulate fire to create this composite .
In this detailed and lengthy tutorial , you ’ll learn to combine photos and add special effects to turn a normal photograph into a stunning artwork .
You will also learn several tricks to reduce your document file size and number of layers and layer styles .
In this tutorial , you can learn how to create an out of this world , medieval - fantasy themed photo - manipulation , using a few images and brushes , you will make a seamless image of a stormy night filled with dragons bathing a medieval ship in flames .
Creating a destruction scene can be a very challenging part of any manipulation because it involves a lot of attention to detail , perspective and the proper use of images to achieve the best result .
In this tutorial will you see an explanation of how to create an attack manipulation by using some basic techniques like color correction , masking and brushes .
At a Glance :
In the past Hentai games have often catered to casual rape enthusiasts .
These are perfectly normal folks like you , me and your next door neighbor who only leaves his apartment to buy canned meat and plastic tarps .
I like to think of this audience as the " beer and pretzel " rape gamer .
They 're interested in a fun " pick up and play " rape game and they do n't want to get bogged down in details .
Then there are the rape grognards who want a rape simulator to be as realistic as possible .
They want it to include accidental pregnancies , crying , abortion , threat of murder , fuel mixture , full elevator control , and pre-rape start - up checks .
RapeLay is the grognard 's rape simulator .
It is the Falcon 4.0 of rape .
Language : Japanese and some horrible fan - made English translation .
Sexual Content :
The original game includes a pixilated mosaic , but the fan - made English translation includes various uncensored textures .
That includes my personal favorites ; the bloody penis and vagina .
Ahhhh yesteryear !
When I fire up a modern game on a modern console or PC I am often struck with nostalgia .
I recall the joys I once experienced , hunched over my Atari 2600 , entranced by the vaguely human shapes moving around the screen and throwing dots at each other .
I can't help but look at the roaring demonoids and wailing 5.1 surround drop ships and bounding Pinatas and marvel at how far videogames have come , but there is the nagging suspicion that those simpler games and simpler times were in most ways better .
Eating prostitutes with a crowbar in Vice City is great fun , to be sure , but does it still have that same innocent wonder to it as chowing down on power pellets and blue ghosts ?
In the immortal words of Eleanor Roosevelt , " So , too , go the rape games " .
Custer 's Revenge was a joy to play , just you and the Indian squaw tied to a pole with her angry red blocks for nipples .
Your proud white man 's erection thrust towards her as you avoided the many perils of the Wild West , come to sting your penis .
The joy of raping that Indian woman tied to the pole was simple and pure .
RapeLay is in every way a wonder of technology .
It is the Gears of War to Custer 's Combat , the Madden 2007 to its FOOTBALL , the Oblivion to its Venture .
It is a soulless , high - resolution rendering of rape .
With nearly photo - realistic giant bedrooms and crying children that can get pregnant if you ejaculate inside of them .
I never had to decide whether or not I was going to make that Indian tied to the pole get an abortion .
There was no meter that would gauge her sexual pleasure .
She stood there up against the pole and accepted things .
It was a simpler time .
A better time .
Praise the Lord ! RapeLay is a rape simulator .
There is a thin wisp of a plot that was less than clear because of the poor translation .
The fan - made translation is not so much a translation as it is a mockup of what a translation might look like .
It works fine for the menus , but the game 's dialogue and narration make very little sense and the text is often replaced with squiggly lines or empty boxes .
As near as I could discern , you play an evil rapist with a penis the size of a baseball bat who methodically rapes his way through a family of three women .
You start with the mother , Yuuko Kiryuu , whose name is apparently the one thing I always have the pieces to spell when I play Scrabble .
You begin by stalking Yuuko in a subway station as she waits for the train .
There is n't really a whole lot to do in these parts ( they are repeated with her two daughters ) , but you can " pray " and god will answer your rape prayers by summoning a gust of wind that blows up her skirt .
You can spin the camera around and do that as much as you want , but at some point you 're going to have to board the subway train and begin the molesting .
On board the subway you have to methodically molest Yuuko by rubbing various parts of her body and pulling up the front and back of her skirt .
The game utilizes the now - classic disembodied hand that you can use to squeeze her but , her breasts , or drop down the front of her panties .
Yuuko fights with you , making the skirt lifting portion a bit tedious , but it will all be over in a couple of minutes .
Once you have successfully rubbed the key parts of her body and elevated her arousal meter ( and painted her thighs with the ubiquitous girl juice ) the train arrives in the station .
That 's her A short series of static screens tells the story of how you stalk her , but most of the text was so poorly translated that the best I can gather is that the rapist made Yuuko 's cell phone vibrate and then handcuffs appeared in her chest .
After the static screens you enter a full - fledged rape sequence in the park .
It 's very scenic .
Yuuko cries and screams as you would expect and you can force her into a variety of positions .
Once you 're done , you take photographs of her naked and covered in ghost jizz , which allows you access to her two daughters , Aoi and Manaka .
Aoi Kiryuu , whose name is pronounced exactly like the sound a fire engine 's siren makes , is the elder daughter and a sporty schoolgirl .
You pray for upskirt and molest her on the subway just like mom , but this time you rape her in a grungy bathroom .
She and her younger sister are both virgins , which means the first time you rape them there will be a crimson surprise all over you and them .
A delightful touch .
Finally , there is wee Manaka Kiryuu .
She looks about ten and you get to rape her in her gigantic bed while teddy bears look on .
This was certainly the most disconcerting of the rapes in the game .
Not only does she look like a child , not only does her room looks like a child 's room , but Manaka visibly cries .
If you zoom in on her face you can see tears welling and vibrating in her gigantic eye sockets .
Beds in Japan are pretty big .
Once you have raped all three women you enter the freeform phase of the game where you " rape train " the three ladies .
You do this by selecting a setting and a woman you wish to rape .
You can rape them in the bathroom , the kid 's bedroom , the park , a hotel room with a bed large enough for Paul Bunyan , in an alley or even on the subway train .
At this point you have a much wider variety of positions and you must complete certain unwritten challenges to unlock subservience in the women .
It 's sort of like Tony Hawk , only instead of a 720 kickflip off a statue , you have to make Aoi swallow semen three times or make Yuuko spread her ass cheeks .
An interesting wildcard - and by interesting I mean " horrid " - is that every time you ejaculate inside one of the girls there is a chance she will become pregnant .
If she does become pregnant you 're supposed to force her to get an abortion , otherwise she gets more and more visibly pregnant each time you have sex .
If you allow the child to be born then the woman will throw you in front of a train !
Take that pro-life movement !
Another one of the fun features in RapeLay is that you can really let your creative side run wild and invite three of your best creepy friends to assist you in your rapes .
No , I 'm not talking Internet multiplayer , it 's more of a rape hot seat where three other dudes crowd around your victim and you create some weird geometric rape - prism .
Like the cover of that Pink Floyd album , only with rapes .
There are only two endings to the game .
The " thrown in front of the train " ending and the " Aoi stabs you " ending .
Other than that it 's rape forever for the three unlucky ladies , demonstrating once again that the only way the cycle of rape can end is if rapists are murdered .
We 're forming the power symbol !
Defining Moment : I wish I could say that the first instance of bloody cock or the rape that takes place on top of the child 's enormous bed were the defining moments of the game .
That would have been enough - more than enough - but , these are both things I have seen in Hentai games before .
Pregnancy and abortion are new twists on this filthy genre , and they were disturbing , but they still do n't quite win out .
No , the winner on this one are the tears that glisten and move in the little girl 's eyes .
That sort of attention to detail wins this game a huge pile of disturbing points .
Difficulty :
There are many lessons to be learned from RapeLay , about not wearing a skirt on a train in Japan or the need to equip your daughters with suicide pills , but the lesson foremost in this game is that rape is easy .
You can wantonly grope women on a train without consequence and repeatedly rape their entire families without much fear .
The only thing you can't do is not force them to get an abortion , because that 's a sin in the eye's of god and leads to murder .
He is the same god that answers the prayers of rapists standing on subway platforms .
Final Thoughts : RapeLay comes to us from Illusionsoft , which also makes the best Hentai games .
I know , I know , oxymoron , but Sexy Beach 2 and 3 are actually kind of fun and innocent enough despite all of the hardcore sex .
The fact that they also make one of the most disturbing and unpleasant Hentai games should n't really come as a surprise to me , but it does come as a disappointment .
On the other hand , I would love to be a fly on the wall in Jack Thompson 's office when someone anonymously mails him a copy of RapeLay .
I have a feeling after about ten minutes he would either be having a coronary or he'd be masturbating furiously .
Nah , he'd be doing both .
And choking himself with his belt .
Graphics : - 1 Gameplay : - 5 Story : - 10 Sexual Deviance : - 10 Fun : - 7 Overall : - 33
Each category in the rating system is based out of a possible - 10 score ( - 10 being the worst ) .
The overall score is based out of a possible - 50 score ( - 50 being the worst ) .
Do you have a Hentai / Anime question ?
Feel free to head on over and post it in the SA Anime Forums !
– Zack " Geist Editor " Parsons ( @sexyfacts4u )
Still do n't have a gift for Valentine 's Day ?
If you have n't rushed out to buy your La Perla lingerie , might I suggest some good old fashioned Victoria 's Secret ?
They just released pictures of their vintage Valentine 's day collection and I must say , it is quite gorgeous .
Sure dressing them up in Adriana Lima and a buxom blond does n't hurt either .
Their beautiful bras , garters , and corsets all have that vintage feel but with a delicate modern twist .
Lovely .
Related : La Perla – The Valentine 's Day Collection ( 5 Pics )
by Sunny Hundal
Effectively dealing with the economic crisis is Labour ’s last hope for re-election .
So it ’s rather bizarre that though Brown has recruited apparatchiks obsessed about honing the New Labour message , the response so far has been all over the place .
The polls show people want left - wing economic policies ; they have no problems with bank nationalisations ; they do n’t trust the Tories on dealing with the crisis ; and they gave Brown a chance once the economy nose - dived .
But the response has been all over the place .
People are n’t obsessed about bank bonuses as much as they are about jobs .
Jobs .
They want to hear you talk about what will create jobs , New Labour , not what you ’re doing about bank bonuses .
And yet Brown keeps talking about banks .
John Prescott too keeps talking about bank bonuses .
Mandelson should have slapped that populist and useless campaign down because it is a sideshow and a distraction .
Let ’s be clear about one thing .
While I ’m tempted by Aaron ’s view that people should just ‘ suck it up ’ because recessions are inevitable , this crash has just started .
It will not only get more painful , but has the potential to seriously devastate millions of lives in Britain alone unless action is taken .
It could also bankrupt our economy if we get caught in a vicious downward deflationary and debt spiral .
The Obama campaign in contrast has launched a website to talk about how his stimulus package is working through the economy and keeps saying how many jobs he hopes to save / create through the package ( 2.5 m ) .
I am yet unaware of any major announcements by this government to re-inforce the same message .
It was initially about the VAT cut ( widely derided , quite rightly ) , then the Pound falling and now about bank bonuses .
What the hell is Mandelson doing ?
I also want to slap down the notion that the major dividing line between the Tories and Labour is still about who cares more about equality .
It is n’t , thanks to Cameron ’s rebranding exercise – it is very much is the economy and their approach to dealing with the financial crisis .
Talking endlessly about equality , as political positioning , has gotten them nowhere in the last few years .
Neither have their half - hearted policies .
In contrast , it was the economy that produced the huge poll swings for the first time .
So Labour needs a strong plan and message about job creation ; there ’s no bigger concern on the minds of voters .
On that I agree with Jon Cruddas MP ’s analysis .
Where I disagree is his general set of recommendations about the economy .
If the left is to develop a response to the crisis , we must first identify properly where the faults in the system lie .
Just saying capitalism has failed ( not Cruddas ’ mantra ) , a vacuous soundbite that currently dominates the frontpage of New Statesman , is not good enough .
( I ’ll explore this more soon , but in the meantime this video below is excellent ) .
In the meantime , anyone who thinks Labour can ignore the economy and go back to traditional messages to win the election is seriously deluding themselves .
The Crisis of Credit Visualized from Jonathan Jarvis on Vimeo .
Cross -domain communications with JSONP , Part 1
Combine JSONP and jQuery to quickly build powerful mashups
Content series :
This content is part # of # in the series : Cross - domain communications with JSONP , Part 1 Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
This content is part of the series : Cross - domain communications with JSONP , Part 1 Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
Asynchronous JavaScript and XML ( Ajax ) is the key technology driving the new generation of Web sites , popularly termed as Web 2.0 sites .
Ajax allows for data retrieval in the background without interfering with the display and behavior of the Web application .
Data is retrieved using the XMLHttpRequest function , which is an API that lets client - side JavaScript make HTTP connections to remote servers .
Ajax is also the driving force behind many mashups , which integrate content from multiple sources into a single Web application .
This approach , however , does not allow cross-domain communication because of restrictions imposed by the browser .
If you try to request data from a different domain , you will get a security error .
You can stop these security errors if you control the remote server where data resides and every request goes to the same domain , but what 's the fun of a Web application if you are stuck on your own server ?
What if you need to collect data from multiple third - party servers ?
Understanding the same - origin policy limitations
The same - origin policy prevents a script loaded from one domain from getting or manipulating properties of a document from another domain .
That is , the domain of the requested URL must be the same as the domain of the current Web page .
This basically means that the browser isolates content from different origins to guard them against manipulation .
This browser policy is quite old and dates back to Netscape Navigator 2.0 .
One relatively simple way to overcome this limitation is to have the Web page request data from the Web server it originates from , and to have the Web server behave as a proxy relaying the request to the actual third - party servers .
Although widely used , this technique is n't scalable .
Another way is to use frame elements to create new areas in the current Web page , and to fetch any third - party content using GET requests .
After being fetched , however , the content in the frames would be subject to the same - origin policy limitations .
A more promising way to overcome this limitation is to insert a dynamic script element in the Web page , one whose source is pointing to the service URL in the other domain and gets the data in the script itself .
When the script loads , it executes .
It works because the same - origin policy does n't prevent dynamic script insertions and treats the scripts as if they were loaded from the domain that provided the Web page .
But if this script tries to load a document from yet another domain , it will fail .
Fortunately , you can improve this technique by adding JavaScript Object Notation ( JSON ) to the mix .
JSON and JSONP
JSON is a lightweight data format ( compared to XML ) for the exchange of information between the browser and server .
JSON 's appeal to JavaScript developers comes from the fact that it's a string representation of a JavaScript object ( hence the name ) .
For example , assume you have a ticker object with two attributes : symbol and price .
This is how you can define the ticker object in JavaScript :
var ticker = {symbol : ' IBM ' , price : 91.42} ;
And this is its JSON representation :
{symbol : ' IBM ' , price : 91.42}
Refer to Related topics for more information about JSON and its potential uses as a data interchange format .
Listing 1 defines a JavaScript function that shows IBM 's share price when called .
( We are leaving out the exact details of how you can incorporate this into a Web page . )
Listing 1 . Defining a showPrice function
function showPrice ( data ) { alert ( " Symbol : " + data.symbol + " , Price : " + data.price ) ; }
You can call this function by passing JSON data as a parameter :
showPrice ( {symbol : ' IBM ' , price : 91.42} ) ; // alerts : Symbol : IBM , Price : 91.42
Now you 're ready to include these two steps into a Web page , as shown in Listing 2 .
Listing 2 . Including the showPrice function and parameters in a Web page
< script type =" text / javascript " > function showPrice ( data ) { alert ( " Symbol : " + data.symbol + " , Price : " + data.price ) ; } </script > < script type=" text / javascript " > showPrice( {symbol : ' IBM ' , price : 91.42} ) ;</ script >
After loading the page , you should see the alert shown in Figure 1 .
Figure 1 . IBM ticker
This article , until now , has showed how you can call a JavaScript function with static JSON data as a parameter .
However , by wrapping your JSON data dynamically in a function call , you could call your function with the dynamic data , which is a technique called dynamic JavaScript insertion .
To see how this work , put the following line in a stand - alone JavaScript file called ticker.js .
showPrice ( {symbol : ' IBM ' , price : 91.42} ) ;
Now change the script in your Web page to look like the code shown in Listing 3 .
Listing 3 . Dynamic JavaScript insertion code
< script type =" text / javascript " > //
This is our function to be called with JSON data function showPrice ( data ) { alert ( " Symbol : " + data.symbol + " , Price : " + data.price ) ; } var url = “ ticker.js ” ; // URL of the external script // this shows dynamic script insertion var script = document.createElement (' script ' ) ; script.setAttribute('src' , url ) ; // load the script document.getElementsByTagName( ' head ') [ 0].appendChild( script ) ; </ script >
In the example in Listing 3 , the dynamically inserted JavaScript code , residing in the file ticker.js , calls the show Price ( ) function using the actual JSON data as a parameter .
As you have already learned , the same - origin policy does n't prevent the insertion of dynamic script elements into the document .
That is , you could dynamically insert JavaScript from different domains , carrying JSON data in them .
This is actually what JSONP ( JSON with Padding ) is : JSON data wrapped in a function call .
Note that , in order to do this , you must have a callback function already defined in the Web page at the time of insertion , which is show Price ( ) in our example .
What we call a JSONP service ( or a Remote JSON Service ) , however , is a Web service with the additional capability of supporting the wrapping of the returned JSON data in a user - specified function call .
This approach relies on the remote service accepting a callback function name as a request parameter .
It then generates a call to this function , passing the JSON data as parameter , which upon arrival at the client is inserted into the Web page and executed .
j Query 's JSONP support
Beginning with version 1.2 , jQuery has had native support for JSONP calls .
You can load JSON data located on another domain if you specify a JSONP callback , which can be done using the following syntax : url?callback= ? .
j Query automatically replaces the ? with a generated function name to call .
Listing 4 shows this code .
Listing 4 . Using the JSONP callback
jQuery.getJSON(url +" &callback= ? " , function ( data ) { alert ( " Symbol : " + data.symbol + " , Price : " + data.price ) ; } ) ;
To do this , jQuery attaches a global function to the window object that is called when the script is inserted .
This function is removed upon completion .
Furthermore , jQuery has an optimization for non-cross - domain calls as well .
If the request is being made to the same domain , then jQuery turns it into an ordinary Ajax request .
Example service with JSONP support
In the previous example , you used a static file ( ticker.js ) to dynamically insert JavaScript into a Web page .
Although it returns a JSONP reply , it does n't let you define a callback function name in the URL .
It is not a JSONP service .
So , how can you transform it to a real JSONP service ?
Well , there are a variety of ways , and we 're going to show you two examples , using PHP and Java .
First , assume that your service accepts a parameter called callback in the request URL .
( The parameter name is not crucial , but both the client and server must agree on the name . )
Also assume that a request to the service looks like this :
http://www.yourdomain.com/jsonp/ticker?symbol=IBM&callback=showPrice
symbol , in this case , is a request parameter representing the requested ticker symbol , and callback is the name of your callback function in your Web application .
You could call this service with jQuery 's JSONP support using the code shown in Listing 5 .
Listing 5 . Calling the callback service
jQuery.getJSON ( " http://www.yourdomain.com/jsonp/ticker?symbol=IBM&callback=? " , function ( data ) { alert ( " Symbol : " + data.symbol + " , Price : " + data.price ) ; } ) ;
Note that we put a ? as the callback function name instead of a real function name .
This is because jQuery replaces the ?
with a generated function name ( like jsonp1232617941775 ) that calls the inline function .
This frees you from defining functions like showPrice ( ) .
Listing 6 shows an extract from a JSONP service implemented in PHP .
Listing 6 . Extract from JSONP service in PHP
$ jsonData = getDataAsJson( $_GET [' symbol ' ] ) ; echo $ _GET [ ' callback ' ] . '(' .
$ jsonData . ') ; ' ; // prints : jsonp1232617941775 ( {" symbol " : " IBM " , " price " : " 91.42 " } ) ;
Listing 7 shows a Java™ Servlet method doing the same function .
Listing 7 . JSONP service in a Java servlet
@ Override protected void doGet ( HttpServletRequest req , HttpServletResponse resp ) throws ServletException , IOException { String jsonData = getDataAsJson( req.getParameter ( " symbol " ) ) ; String output = req.getParameter ( " callback " ) + " ( " + jsonData + " ) ; " ; resp.setContentType(" text/javascript " ) ; PrintWriter out = resp.getWriter ( ) ; out.println ( output ) ; // prints : jsonp1232617941775 ( {" symbol " : " IBM " , " price " : " 91.42 " } ) ; }
So , what if you want to build mashups , integrating content from third - party servers with the intent of presenting them in a single Web page ?
The answer is simple :
You must use third - party JSONP services , and there are quite a few of them .
Ready - made JSONP services
Now that you know how to use JSONP , you can start using some ready - made JSONP Web services to build your applications and mashups .
Following are some starting points for your next development projects .
( Hint : You may copy - and - paste the given URLs into the address field of your browser to examine the resulting JSONP response . )
Digg API : Top stories from Digg :
http://services.digg.com/stories/top?appkey=http%3A%2F%2Fmashup.com&type=javascript &callback= ?
Geonames API : Location info for a zip - code :
http://www.geonames.org/postalCodeLookupJSON?postalcode=10504&country=US&callback=?
Flickr API : Most recent cat pictures from Flickr :
http://api.flickr.com/services/feeds/photos_public.gne?tags=cat&tagmode=any &format=json&jsoncallback= ?
Yahoo Local Search API : Search pizza in zip - code location 10504 :
http://local.yahooapis.com/LocalSearchService/V3/localSearch?appid=YahooDemo&query=pizza &zip=10504&results=2&output=json&callback= ?
A cautionary note
JSONP is a very powerful technique for building mashups , but , unfortunately , it is not a cure - all for all of your cross - domain communication needs .
It has some drawbacks that must be taken into serious consideration before committing development resources .
First and foremost , there is no error handling for JSONP calls .
If the dynamic script insertion works , you get called ; if not , nothing happens .
It just fails silently .
For example , you are not able to catch a 404 error from the server .
Nor can you cancel or restart the request .
You can , however , timeout after waiting a reasonable amount of time .
( Future jQuery versions may have an abort feature for JSONP requests . )
Another major drawback of JSONP is that it can be quite dangerous if used with untrusted services .
Because a JSONP service returns a JSON response wrapped in a function call , which will be executed by the browser , this makes the hosting Web application vulnerable to a variety of attacks .
If you are going to use JSONP services , it 's very important to be aware of the threats it poses .
( See Related topics for more information . )
Conclusion
In this first article of this series , we explained how to combine JSONP with jQuery to quickly build powerful mashups .
We explained the following topics :
Limitations of the browser same - origin policy and how these are overcome
JSONP as an effective cross -domain communication technique , by - passing the same - origin policy limitations
The potential of JSONP to enable Web application developers to build mashups quickly
A sample JSONP service and its usage : the Ticker service
The next article in the series will present the Yahoo Query Language ( YQL ) as a single endpoint JSONP service that lets you query , filter , and combine data across the Web .
We will also build a sample mashup application using YQL and jQuery .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
Final Economic Stimulus Bill Permits Americans ' Personal Health Information to Be Sold for Research and Public Health Purposes WITHOUT Patients ' Consent
The final economic stimulus bill permits Americans ' personal health information to be exchanged and sold -- without patients ' consent -- for research and public - health purposes , warns the Institute for Health Freedom ( Washington , DC ) and Citizens ' Council on Health Care ( Saint Paul , MN ) .
The bill also mandates the plan for each American to have a single electronic health record by 2014 , without opt - out or patient consent provisions .
" This bill is very misleading because while it promises to outlaw the selling of data , the exceptions to the rule are huge and allow Americans ' personal health data to be exchanged and sold for research and public - health purposes without patients ' consent , " says Sue Blevins , president of the Institute for Health Freedom .
" This is a historical and unbelievable assault on the privacy rights of all Americans .
Personal health information should not be exchanged and sold for research and public - health surveillance without patients ' consent , " stresses Twila Brase , president of Citizens ' Council on Health Care .
" Patient data belongs to the patient .
A pocket full of cash should not undo a patient 's right to protect their medical privacy . "
Blevins adds , " Most Americans have no idea that the so - called HIPAA privacy rule does n't give patients the freedom to give or withhold consent before their personal health information can be shared with others for many purposes .
Digitizing people 's health records combined with allowing researchers and public - health officials to buy their data from doctors and health plans is going to pave the way for unconsented research on millions of Americans . "
These privacy advocates urge all Americans and policymakers to carefully examine the Final Conference Report , Part A on the economic stimulus bill , pdf page 296 ( p. 11 ) and pdf pages 391-395 ( pp. 106-110 ) .
— Eric Auchard is a Reuters columnist .
The opinions expressed are his own —
“ There ’s probably no God ” runs the slogan of an advertising campaign humanists are running on buses across Britain .
But if the supreme being has his doubters , few question the importance of Steve Jobs to Apple Inc .
In a letter to employees on Wednesday , the Apple co-founder said he would take himself “ out of the limelight ” for six months after learning in the past week that his still vaguely defined “ health issues ” are “ more complex than I originally thought . ”
While Jobs paints his absence as a temporary medical leave — he retains the Apple CEO title even as he steps aside — his departure leaves a spiritual void at a company most people think of as inseparable from the man .
The miraculous career of the prophet of the personal computer revolution , the self - made billionaire known for a career of second acts , draws frequent religious parallels : one biography of him is entitled “ The Second Coming of Steve Jobs ” .
In the 33 years since he co-founded Apple , Jobs has attracted the fervent devotion of his followers — the Mac faithful , and more recently , iPod and iPhone fanatics .
To them , Steve is a secular messiah ; to his detractors , a cult - leader .
Apple ’s unmatched record of hit products has only been achieved under the famously tyrannical leadership of Jobs , whose obsession with sleek design and the hard to define “ cool ” factor of his gadgets is unique in the corporate world .
Again and again , it is this aesthetic , and Jobs ’ commercial success exploiting it , that have distinguished Apple products from so many copycat competitors .
On some level , anyone who has ever admired an Apple product harbors a little bit of the “ design Nazi ” in his soul .
Managers who have endured Jobs ’ withering demands to create nothing but “ insanely great ” products may have absorbed this .
But is culture enough to overcome a vacuum of leadership ?
Much as Microsoft Corp has become a smaller place since Bill Gates has wound down his role at the software giant and Apple adversary , Jobs can only be sorely missed .
How far can a company , its executives , engineers and salespeople go on the mantra , “ What would Steve Jobs think ? ”
To be sure Tim Cook , Apple ’s chief operating officer , is taking over Jobs ’ daily responsibilities and Jobs said he will retain strategic oversight of the company ’s direction while on leave .
The pipeline of product innovation looks well - stocked .
If it ’s a question of the man being bigger than the company , then Apple , which popularized the personal computer , the personal digital assistant and the handheld music player and is staking its claim on reinventing the mobile phone and , perhaps even , eventually , the television , is in big trouble .
CONTEMPLATING THE UNTHINKABLE
Inside Apple , the delicacy of Jobs ’ planned absence was summed up in the innocuous headline given the company ’s most dramatic announcement in years :
The bombshell press release was simply entitled : “ Apple Media Advisory . ”
As if the only interested audience were baying reporters .
The news comes as a shock , but little surprise .
It caps more than a year of widespread concern over the health of Jobs , aged 53 and a survivor of pancreatic cancer .
More recently , his gaunt appearance and dramatic weight loss have added to the worries .
The immediate reaction to Jobs ’ departure notice was a 6 percent decline in Apple stock .
But the shares have fallen 60 percent after touching $ 200 at the end of 2007 .
It ’s difficult to separate the impact of Steve Jobs ’ health mysteries from the general decline all stocks have seen since then .
Wall Street analyst Shaw
Wu argues that while Jobs deserves a lot of credit for the revival of Apple , “ we believe the company has a deep bench and its culture of innovation and execution has more or less been institutionalized . ”
Not so fast .
Recall the dark years of Apple history starting sometime after 1985 and lasting until he returned in 1997 .
The famous Apple culture remained in place but product missteps and management in - fighting were the result .
The success of Apple has rarely been its technical innovation or engineering rigor .
In that sense Cook is simply a placeholder .
The company ’s hit products all share a fascination with functionality and beauty that is unmatched in other gadgets .
It is Jobs ’ taste , his commitment to design and his micro-management of talent that drives Apple .
Jobs has pulled together Apple after the years of drift .
That he has done so by being a control freak with a clear vision does not diminish his accomplishments .
It ’s hard to imagine how his despotism will be replaced .
— At the time of publication Eric Auchard did not own any direct investments in securities mentioned in this article .
He may be an owner indirectly as an investor in a fund .
For previous columns , click here . —
Page 1 of 2 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] >>
From : pac
2009-01-30 09:53 pm ( UTC )
i never realized unicorns were so ...
complicated .
From : mutleyjames
2009-01-30 09:59 pm ( UTC )
Indeed , they 're the most complex of all the bivalves .
( Deleted comment )
From : maltlick
2009-01-30 10:07 pm ( UTC )
OBVIOUSLY inaccurate .
The horn is for performing hysterectomies upon non-virgin females .
From : mutleyjames
2009-01-30 10:14 pm ( UTC )
Oh , you Pre-Raphaelites and your fanciful imaginings .
( Deleted comment )
From : mutleyjames
2009-01-31 01:38 am ( UTC )
Noone has lived to tell , it 's mere hearsay I say .
From : mutleyjames
2009-01-31 01:39 am ( UTC )
But the sheer majesty outweighs the fear , right ?
From : porsupah
2009-01-30 10:24 pm ( UTC )
I 'd so like to see this as the basis for a special Look Around You on the topic .
From : pebblepup
2009 -01-30 10:33 pm ( UTC )
Amazing to think that just one hive of these wove almost the whole of the worldwide web .
From : mutleyjames
2009-01-31 01:42 am ( UTC )
You just made my day that much better !
From : shatterstripes
2009-01-30 10:55 pm ( UTC )
Where do these fearful things fit into the tree of life , anyway ?
From : mutleyjames
2009-01-31 01:43 am ( UTC )
The knobbly branch that taps against your window on a dark and stormy night .
From : pvenables
2009-01-30 11:59 pm ( UTC )
You should post this on monstermanual
This is the best thing I 've seen in a long while .
You should post this on
From : okaree
2009-01-31 12:22 am ( UTC )
I second the hell out of this comment .
From : mattlazycat
2009-01-31 12:05 am ( UTC )
You rock my world , sir . :)
From : mutleyjames
2009-01-31 01:45 am ( UTC )
And the magic of unicorns works its ... magic ... again .
From : butfirst
2009-01-31 12:31 am ( UTC )
You had me at gonophore . ♥
From : mutleyjames
2009-01-31 01:45 am ( UTC )
That and Lotch kept me giggling for aaages .
From : turbinerocks
2009-01-31 12:44 am ( UTC )
This is how Steve Irwin died .
From : mutleyjames
2009-01-31 01:46 am ( UTC )
Pierced by the majesty of the proud unicorn he forgot to palpitate the gonophore to effect an escape .
A sad day I will never forget .
( Deleted comment )
From : mutleyjames
2009-01-31 01:47 am ( UTC )
The unicorn will do that to one .
* nods sagely *
From : ishtasm
2009-01-31 02:16 am ( UTC )
BEST EVER
From : prickvixen
2009-01-31 02:49 am ( UTC )
I hear you can milk it for unicorn jelly !
From : mutleyjames
2009-01-31 06:23 am ( UTC )
You have to thrust a virgin into it 's path first though .
Then it 's jelly for days !
From the ' information is just flying through the air ' files :
WASHINGTON --
One of the sessions I was really looking forward to ahead of the Black Hat DC event this year was Adam Laurie 's session titled - Satellite Hacking for Fun and Profit .
It 's a session that did n't disappoint , Laurie is always entertaining , but it also revealed how much effort is actually required to try and get at satellite signals .
First off , Laurie prefaced his talk by noting that he was n't going to talk about hacking the actual satellite in space itself .
" I 'm playing it safe and just looking at what is coming down , " Laurie told the Black Hat audience .
Instead what Laurie focused his talk on was something he called ' Feed Hunting ' - that is looking for satellite feeds that are not supposed to be found .
Laurie claimed that he has been doing satellite feed hunting for years - at least as far back as the untimely demise of the late Princess Diana in 1997 .
Laurie claimed that he was able to find a non-public feed from a TV broadcaster that had left their transponder on in a Paris hotel room .
Fast forward a dozen years and Laurie commented that the technology to identify satellite feeds has progressed dramatically .
Among the reasons why he satellite feed hunting has gotten easier is an open source based satellite received called the dreambox .
Last week , we covered a so - called Nigerian scam in which a group of thieves eschewed the standard approach of pretending to be your great - grandmother 's sister 's former roommate , and instead went directly after state coffers .
Now there 's news that some would - be fraudsters are turning up their collective noses at the thought of robbing a mere state , and are instead going after entire countries .
Given the severity of jail sentences and the dim view federal judges take of those who would steal the wealth of nations , the grand - scale carnival shysters are playing an extremely high - stakes game .
For a group of men currently accused of attempting to illegally steal Ethiopian assets , it 's a game they lost .
According to The New York Times , the scam was masterminded and led by Paul Gabriel Amos , a native - born Nigerian then living in Singapore .
Over time , Amos and his cohorts created a series of official - looking documents that instructed Citibank to wire the sum of $ 27 million from the National Bank of Ethiopia to a series of puportedly legitimate bank accounts .
These accounts were actually controlled by the thieves , who presumably intended to empty them immediately once all 24 of the specified wire transactions had been completed .
The exact amount of money intended for each account is not given , but I 'm assuming the group settled on an amount of cash that , while sizable , could be moved from Point A to Point B without arousing too much suspicion .
The scheme fell apart when the target banks could not process the transactions .
At that point , either Citibank or the target bank attempted to contact the Bank of Ethiopia , which could not verify the transactions as valid .
A warrant for Mr. Amos was issued ; the man was arrested last month when he attempted to enter the US .
The FBI , Citibank , and Ethiopia are obviously pleased with having caught the theft - in - progress , the ringleader is now in jail , and Citibank returned the complete amount of money that had been transferred from the National Bank of Ethiopia .
Officials may have succeeded in stopping this particular heist , but the attack was only discovered late in the process .
Amos ' plan was complex , elaborate , and took place over several months .
First , Citibank was instructed in September ( via letter ) to accept instructions by fax .
That order also gave a list of officials who could be contacted in the event of a problem ; Citibank 's signature analysis ( however cursory it may have been ) indicated that the forged signatures matched the actual ones the bank had on file .
One month later , Citi received requests to transfer funds to accounts held in Japan , South Korea , Australia , China , Cyprus , and the United States .
The NYT story implies that at some point in this process , Citibank officials attempted to contact the appropriate Nigerian authorities , but were headed off by the conspirators who then " approved " the transactions .
The fact that Amos and his men were able to carry their plan as far as they did is a demonstration of how much modern technology has changed the financial industry .
The first bank in history , The Bank of St. George ( Banco di San Giorgio if you prefer the Italian ) , was founded in Genoa in 1406 .
In the 603 years since its founding , bank robbery has virtually always been understood as a physical crime that required the presence of the perpetrator .
In this case , we do n't know if Amos entered the United States with the intent to further his deception by showing up in New York in person , but regardless , the vast majority of the theft was carried out remotely .
Fake wire transfers , of course , are nothing new — they 've been a core component of classic Nigerian 419 scams for the past 25 years — but the degree of foreign sophistication that was brought to bear on the New York operation is startling .
Not so very long ago , the technology to create high - quality counterfeit paper , official letterhead , and even appropriately written documents was scarce enough that major banks in the US or Europe had nothing to fear from thieves in the remote reaches of the world .
Amos ' group , in contrast , was able to communicate through fax and telephone , obtain handwriting samples from the necessary officials ( probably through the use of scanned documents ) and was even able to provide a proper list of contacts with corresponding phone numbers .
In the US , it 's no accomplishment to spend a few hours on Google and assemble a list of public information on a given individual but such opportunities are relatively new ( or have not yet arrived ) in many countries .
Nigeria , meanwhile , is scarcely a beacon of development and hope ; fraud , poverty , and corruption continue to dominate the country and its political process .
I do n't expect we 'll hear much about the specifics of the case , if for no other reason than because other malcontents are eager for details on what , exactly , tipped off officials investigating Amos .
Whether it was the timing of the transactions , the fact that they arrived as a group , or the ommission of other information that would have allowed the transactions to complete successfully , it 's all data the black hats want and the banks should n't publicly disclose .
It 's doubtful that we 'll ever see these types of specialized , focused attacks become a dominant force in the malware industry but the recent cases coming out of Utah and now Citibank could mark the beginning of a trend .
The theoretical payout from robbing a bank , state , nation , or other major source is far greater — possibly an order of magnitude greater — than what might be available from a single individual .
Even if these plans take months or more to conceive and execute , there are clearly thieves willing to take the risk .
I had no idea that this was going to be hell week for General Electric when I decided to write about it .
What spurred my column this week was the company ’s decision to cut its dividend last Friday by 66 percent .
But hell week it certainly was .
Two analysts at a small firm came out with a brutal report essentially predicting the kind of downward spiral that has so badly damaged other big firms , like Citi and Bank of America .
Other bears circled .
Credit default spreads widened .
The stock sank .
The chief financial officer went on CNBC to defend the company .
And on and on it went , a dance we ’ve seen again and again — usually with bad results .
I wish I could tell you with some certainly whether General Electric is really in trouble or not .
For the sake of the country , I certainly hope it is n’t .
A General Electric bailout would be a devastating blow to a country that is already reeling .
I ca n’t think of anything that would be more corrosive to our already low confidence , and it would serve as a huge setback for the economic recovery we ’re all praying for .
But the truth is , nobody knows for sure whether G.E. is in trouble — not even the bears who are shouting it from the rafters .
G.E. ’s numbers are the proverbial enigma wrapped inside a riddle .
If it wants to end the storm swirling around it , the company is going to have to offer a detailed disclosure of the portfolio of assets carried on the books of G.E. Capital .
As it happens , that is precisely what the company says it will do the week of March 16 .
Put that date on your calendar .
That ’s when we ’ll know whether we can breathe easily — or not .
Ever wonder what the government is really up to paying for all those digital TV converter boxes ?
Last week a Spokane , Washington man claimed he 'd discovered the horrifying truth , and he produced a YouTube video to prove it .
In a 90 - second video that 's popping up on tin - foil - hat sites everywhere , 28 - year - old software engineer Adam Chronister is seen cracking open his government - subsidized Magnavox converter , and revealing to the world the tiny video camera and microphone hidden inside .
" I had a friend who was trying to tell me that they put cameras in these things , " Chronister narrates in a deadly - serious monotone .
" So what I did was open it up to prove them wrong , and lo and behold ... this thing does in fact have both a camera and a microphone . "
His finger points at a small lens attached to a transformer in the guts of the unit .
The video instantly went viral , tapping into a current of DTV conspiracy theory that 's been building online since the government started issuing $ 40 converter box coupons last summer .
So far , the U.S. has spent $ 1.3 billion subsidizing the boxes that will keep TV lovers watching CSI when the last broadcasters shut off their analog transmissions in June .
The huge government effort to put a – mysterious , to many – piece of technology in millions of American homes has spurred conspiracy theories ranging from a mind control experiments to mass telescreen surveillance .
Last week Chronister 's video was promoted on the website of the conspiracy - friendly Alex Jones radio show , and as of Monday the clip has chalked up almost 200,000 views and over 850 comments , many skeptical , but an equal number expressing alarm .
" This is nuts !
I had an odd feeling when the government planned to pay for everyone [ to ] get one of these , " wrote one viewer .
" Yup , that 's a camera , and a mic .
Holy shit .
I am taking my DVR apart tonight , " added another .
In an interview with Threat Level , Chronister admits the whole thing was a hoax , concocted in about five minutes with a hot glue gun and parts from an old cell phone .
The reaction surprised even him .
" I was listening to the Alex Jones show ... and I heard him mention the video , " Chronister says .
" I just about fell out of the shower . "
( Jones
Chronister says the video is partially true : A friend really did share the rumor about hidden camera in the DTV converters .
" I originally opened up the device with the intention of proving him wrong , " says Chronister .
" At which point the thought popped in my head , would n't it be funny if I proved him right instead ? "
Observers in more technical forums like BroadbandReports.com have dissected the video and easily discerned that it's a hoax , with some taking apart their own converter boxes to provide proof .
But even as posts debunking the clip roll into his YouTube comments , some remain convinced of its veracity .
" There are still people defending the video , " he says .
As a sometimes - believer of conspiracy theories himself , Chronister is sympathetic .
But critics charge that Chronister 's prank only provides a smoke screen for genuine government wrongdoing .
He 's more worried about a different kind of backlash .
" I 've seen videos go viral before , but I never thought some stupid little video I did would get popular like that , " he says .
" I 'm waiting for the Magnavox police to come and haul me off or something . "
Correction February 24 , 2009 | 5:00:00 PM : This story was modified to correctly report that Alex Jones ' website , and not his radio show , promoted the hoax as authentic .
Readers report that Jones later disputed the video on the air .
Photo courtesy Adam Chronister
See Also :
As far as speaking your opinions on the web goes , might beats right every time
You may recall that last year year , astroturfing , sock puppetry and other forms of fake - blog bullshit were made illegal – at least , illegal if they 're carried out by companies .
Section 22 of the Unfair Commercial Practices Directive is absolutely clear , making it illegal to go around " falsely claiming or creating the impression that the trader is not acting for purposes relating to his trade , business , craft or profession , or falsely representing oneself as a consumer " .
Has it made a difference ?
Nope .
Just ask Mark .
Mark is a blogger , and a few weeks back he did a typical blogger thing .
He 'd been mucked about by a health club , which messed up his cancellation and continued to charge him , so he vented his frustration on his blog .
Time passed , and then a new poster turned up , disagreeing strongly with what he 'd written in a number of messages .
You 're talking out of your backside , the commenter told him .
I 've been dealing with that firm for a million years , and they 're bloody great , he said .
They 're the nicest , smartest , funkiest , sexiest company on the face of the Earth , and they 're probably the best company in the universe , too .
You 're a big fat liar .
Mark idly Googled the commenter 's name .
Surprise !
He 's a middle manager in the very company Mike was blogging about .
So Mark did another typical blogger thing .
He blogged about that , too , outing the manager on his blog and accusing him of astroturfing .
That 's when the legal letters started .
You know the drill .
You 're defaming our client , the letters said .
Take down the posts , or we 'll sue you until you squeak .
The thing is , the lawyers did n't say that Mark was wrong .
Quite the opposite .
The poster was indeed a manager of the very health club Mark had blogged about .
They did n't dispute that .
However , they said that the company had n't asked the manager to post anything and certainly did n't approve of such behaviour .
Because Mark had named the company , his posts about astroturfing were therefore defamatory .
Was Mark in the right ?
I think so , but that does n't really matter .
Mark would n't get legal aid to fight a defamation case , so if he went to court and lost , the costs would ruin him – and even if he won , the costs would still ruin him .
He could try to get the firm prosecuted for astroturfing , but all that stuff about £ 5 K fines and two - year jail sentences is for the really bad guys .
In a case like this , it'd be tough to persuade Trading Standards or the OFT to even investigate ; if they did , the punishment would n't be anything more severe than a stern letter .
Faced with a battle he could n't possibly win , Mark took the posts down .
It does n't matter that his posts were honest and accurate , or that the accusations he made were absolutely true .
All a company needs to do when caught astroturfing is to say " we knew nothing about it " and send the lawyers in .
As ever , when it comes to companies behaving badly online , might beats right every time .
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
First published in .net magazine , Issue 185
Now read Battlefields and bikes : blogging from the edge
Sign up for the free weekly TechRadar newsletter
Get tech news delivered straight to your inbox .
Register for the free TechRadar newsletter and stay on top of the week 's biggest stories and product releases .
Sign up at http://www.techradar.com/register
Follow TechRadar on Twitter
What " G " Means to the Athletes : Mission G ( Videos )
What is G? had many people scratching their heads over the past month .
The commercial first aired during the Rose Bowl .
Turns out that it is the new ad campaign for the sports drink Gatorade , to showcase a new look and feel .
Starting tomorrow , February 1st , you can view MissionG.com and check out a new online sports and entertainment website .
Are you interested in knowing what G means to Peyton Manning , Serena Williams , Bill Russell , Misty May - Treanor and Usain Bolt ?
Check out what these athletes have to say in the videos below .
Peyton Manning " G " Moment
Serena Williams " G " Moment
Bill Russell " G " Moment
Misty May - Treanor " G " Moment
Usain Bolt " G " Moment
Check out the hot new G Commercial here .
Hamas is accused of using violence to stifle opposition in Gaza
A rights group has accused Palestinian organisation Hamas of killing or maiming alleged collaborators and political opponents in Gaza .
At least 20 people had been killed since the end of last year , Amnesty International stated in a report based on testimony from inside Gaza .
Scores of others had been beaten and injured , the rights group said .
Amnesty says Hamas has been meting out summary justice to those believed to have helped Israeli forces .
The intimidation is said to have started soon after the Israeli army began its operation in Gaza last December and to have continued after its ceasefire in January .
Independent inquiry
" Hamas forces in Gaza have engaged in abductions , unlawful killings , torture and death threats against those they accuse of ' collaborating ' with Israel , " says the report .
It says the same violence has been inflicted on " opponents and critics " of the Hamas administration .
Many witnesses and victims are said to be too frightened to come forward .
But one victim told investigators how he had been taken from his home by masked men and shot in both legs .
Some of those killed are said to have been shot dead while receiving hospital treatment .
Amnesty has called for an end to the violence and is urging the Hamas leadership to set up an independent commission to look into its allegations .
Why ?
For now , I 'll leave it to proponents of Interfaces to explain why Interfaces are better .
Caveat
@abstractmethod
@abstractproperty
zope.interface
zope.interface.common
IMapping.providedBy({} )
False
zope.interface
collections
numbers
Clarity
Vehicle
AVehicle
IVehicle
if isinstance ( something , Vehicle )
if IVehicle.providedBy( something )
if IVehicle.implementedBy( Something )
issubclass ( Something , Vehicle )
zope.interface
InterfaceClass
providedBy
type
__instancecheck__
__doc__
__module__
__name__
_abc_negative_cache_version
list ( IVehicle )
zope.interface.verifyClass
zope.interface.verifyObject
Flexibility
isinstance ( )
ABCMeta.register
__instancecheck__
type
providedBy
InterfaceClass
>>> from zope.interface.interfaces import Interface , IInterface
>>> IInterface.providedBy( Interface )
True
moduleProvides ( IVehicle )
zope.interface
zope.interface
directly Provides
ABCMeta.register
Adaptation
IVehicle
zope.interface
IHTMLRenderer
renderer = IHTMLRenderer(someObject )
import attr
from zope.
interface import implementer
from twisted .
python.components import registerAdapter
@implementer ( IHTMLRenderer )
@attr.s
class VehicleRenderer( object ) :
" Render a vehicle as HTML "
vehicle = attr.ib( validator=attr.validator.provides ( IVehicle ) )
def renderHTML ( self ) :
return " < h1 > A Great Vehicle %s ( %s ) </h1 > " % (
self.vehicle.make.name ,
self.vehicle.model.name )
registerAdapter ( VehicleRenderer , IVehicle , IHTMLRenderer )
IHTMLRenderer(someVehicle )
VehicleRenderer(someVehicle )
Conclusion
warning : MyWidget claims to implement IWidget , but does n't implement a ' doWidgetStuff ' method
Why use interfaces ?
Especially with Python 's new ABCs , is there really a use for them ?
Some of us Zope Interface fans — names withheld to protect the guilty , although you may feel free to unmask yourselves in the comments if you like — have expressed frustration that ABCs beat out interfaces for inclusion of the standard library .
However , I recently explored various mailing lists , Interfaces literature , and blogs , and have n't found a coherent description ofone would prefer interfaces over ABCs .
It 's no surprise that Zope 's interface package is poorly understood , given that nobody has even explained it !
In fact , PEP 3119 specifically says
It seems that nobody has taken up the challenge .
I remember Jim Fulton trying to explain this to me many years ago , at a PyCon in Washington DC .
I definitely did n't understand it then .
I was reluctant to replace the crappy little interfaces system in Twisted at the time with something big and complicated - looking .
Luckily the other Twisted committers prevailed upon me , and Zope Interface has saved us from maintaining that misdesigned and semi-functional mess .
During that explanation , I remember that Jim kept saying that interfaces provided a model to " reason about intent " .
At the time I did n't understand why you 'd want to reason about intent in code .
Would n't the docstrings and the implementation specify the intent clearly enough ?
Now , I can see exactly what he 's talking about and I use the features he was referring to all the time .
I do n't know how I 'd write large Python programs without them .
This is n't a rant against ABCs .
I think ABCs are mostly pretty good , certainly an improvement over what was ( or rather , was n't ) there before .
ABCs provide things that Interfaces do n't , like the newanddecorators .
Plus , one of the irritating things about usingis that the metadata about standard objects inis not hooked up to anything : returns .
ABCs will provide that metadata in the standard library , makingthat much more useful once it has been upgraded to understand the declarations that theandmodules provide .
So , on to the main event : what do Zope Interfaces provide which makes them so great ?
Let 's say we have an idea of something called a " vehicle " .
We can represent it as one of two things : a real base class ( ) , an ABC ( ) or an Interface ( ) .
There are a set of operations that interfaces and base - classes share .
We can ask , " is this thing I have a vehicle " ?
In the base - class case we spell that .
In the interfaces case , we say .
We can ask , " will instances of this type be a vehicle ? " .
For an interface , we say , and for a base class we say .
With the new hooks provided by the ABCs in 2.6 and 3.0 , these are almost equivalent .
With , you can subclassand write your ownmethod .
With the ABC system , you subclassand implementHowever , there are some questions you can't quite cleanly ask of the ABC system .
For one thing , what does it reallyto be a Vehicle ?
If you are looking at AVehicle , you can't tell the difference between implementation details and the specification of the interface .
You can use dir ( ) and ignore a few of the usual suspects — — but what about the quirkier bits ?
Metaclasses , inherited attributes , and so on ?
There 's probably some way to do it , but I certainly can't figure it out quickly enough to include in this article .
In other words , types have two jobs : they might be ABCs , or they might be types , or they might be both , and it 's impossible to separate those responsibilities .
With an Interface , this question is a lot easier to ask .
For a quick look , will give a complete list of all the attributes expected of a vehicle , as strings .
If you want more detail , IVehicle.namesAndDescriptions ( ) and Method.getSignatureInfo( ) will oblige .
Since the interface encapsulates only what an object isto be , and no functionality of its own , it 's possible for frameworks to inspect them and provide much nicer error messages when objects do n't match their expectations .
andcan tell you , both for error - reporting and unit - testing purposes , whether an objectlike a proper vehicle or not , without actually trying to drive it around .
At the most basic level , interfaces are more flexible because they are objects .
ABCs are n't objects , at least in the message - passing smalltalk sense ; they are a collection of top - level functions and some rules about how those functions apply to types .
If you want to change the answer to , you need to register a type by usingor overridingon a real subclass of .
If you want to change the answer to , for example for a unit test , all you need is an object with a provided By method .
Of course , you can do it " for real " with an , but you do n'tto .
In other words , its semantics are those of a normal method call .
Interfaces are n't completely self - contained , of course : there are top - level functions that operate on interfaces , like verifyObject .
However , there 's an interface to describe what is expected :
There 's also the issue of who implements what .
For example , you might have a plug - in system which requires modules to implement some functionality .
Generally speaking , modules are instances of ModuleType , so specifying that all modules implement some type with an ABC is somewhat awkward .
With an interface , however , there is a specific facility for this : you put adeclaration at the top of your module .
In , there is a very clear conceptual break betweenand .
A module mayan interface — i.e. be an object which satisfies that interface at runtime — without there being any object thatthat interface — i.e. is a type whose instances automatically provide it .
This distinction comes in handy when avoiding certain things .
This distinction exists with ABCs ; either you " are a subclass of " a type or you " are an instance of " a type , but the language around it is more awkward and vague , especially since you can be a " virtual instance " or " virtual subclass " now as well .
There 's also the issue of dynamic proxies .
If you have a wrapper which provides security around another object , or transparent remote access to another object , or records method calls ( and so on ) the wrapper really wants to say that itthe interfaces provided by the object it is wrapping , but the wrapper type does notthose interfaces .
In other words , different instances of your wrapper class will actually provide different interfaces .
Withyou can declare this via thedeclaration .
With ABCs , this is not generally possible becausewill only work on a type .
Let 's say I have an object that provides .
I want to display it somehow — and in today 's web - centric world , that probably means " I want to generate some HTML " .
How do I get from here to there ?
ABCs do n't provide an answer to that question .
Interfaces do n't do thateither , but they do provide a mechanism which allows you to provide an answer : you canfrom one interface to another .
I 'm not going to get into the intricacies of exactly how adaptation works in , since it is n't important to understand most of the time .
Suffice it to say you can adapt based on specific hooks that are registered , based on the type an object is , or based on what interfaces it provides .
The gist of it is that you have some thing that you do n't know what it is , and you want an object that provides .
The way you express that intent is :
If there are no rules for adapting an object like the one you have passed to an IHTMLRenderer , then you will get an exception - which is all that will happen , normally .
However , this point of separation between the contract that your code expects and the concrete type that your code ends up actually talking to can be very useful .
The larger Zope application server has a rich and complex set of tools for defining which adapter is appropriate in which context , but Twisted has a very simple interface to adaptation .
You simply register an adapter , which is a 1 - argument callable that takes an object that conforms to some interface or is an instance of some class , and returns an object that provides another interface .
Here 's how you do it :
Now , whenever you do , you 'll get aYour code for rendering now does n't need any special - case knowledge about particular types .
It is written to an interface , and it 's very easy to figure out which one ; it says " IHTMLRenderer " right there .
It 's also easy to find implementors of that interface ; just grep for " implementer . * IHTMLRenderer " or similar .
Or , use pydoctor and look at the " known implementations " section for the interface in question .
In a super - dynamic language like Python , you don ' ta system for explicit abstract interfaces .
No compiler is going to shoot you for calling a ' foo ' method .
But , formal interface definitions serve many purposes .
They can function as documentation , as a touchstone for code which wants to clearly report programming errors ( " " ) , and a mechanism for indirection when you know what contract your code wants but you do n't know what implementation will necessarily satisfy it ( adaptation ) .
Even with a standard library mechanism for doing some of these things , Zope Interface remains a highly useful library , and if you are working on a large Python system you should consider augmenting its organization and documentation with this excellent tool .
A release candidate of Clozure CL 1.3 is now available .
The big news in this release is support for the 32 - bit x86 architecture and ports to several more operating systems .
CCL now runs on :
Mac OS X 10.4 and later ( PowerPC and x86 )
Linux ( PowerPC and x86 )
FreeBSD 6.x and later ( x86 )
Solaris ( x86 )
MS Windows ( x86 )
There are 32 - and 64 - bit versions for all platforms .
Please see the release notes for more information , including instructions on how to use Subversion to get the release candidate .
If you have some time to try it out , we would appreciate bug reports and feedback .
Israel is about to make a misjudgement as disastrous – and deadly – as the attack on Gaza .
In a few days , it looks as if it could elect Benjamin Netanyahu as prime minister once again .
This is a man calling for the violent re-occupation of Gaza to " liquidate " its elected government .
This is a man who says he will " naturally grow " the West Bank settlements .
This is a man who says he will " never " negotiate over Jerusalem , or the Golan Heights , or control of the West Bank water supply .
This is a man who says establishing a Palestinian state would leave Israel with , " an existential threat and a public relations nightmare reminiscent of 1938 Czechoslovakia " .
This is a man who Yitzhak Rabin 's widow said helped create a climate of hate that led to his murder .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The political beneficiaries of Operation Cast Lead have been Israel 's hard - right .
The opinion poll numbers have surged for Netanyahu 's Likud and for the even more extreme Avigdor Lieberman .
They say the only problem with the 23 - day bombing of Gaza – killing 410 children , and hugely strengthening support for Hamas – is that it did not go far enough .
The world urgently needs to look at these individuals – and ask how this came to pass .
The key to understanding Netanyahu lies with his father , Benzion .
He is a distinguished scholar of medieval history who believes the world is eternally and ineradicably riddled with genocidal anti-Semitism .
When he arrived in British Mandate Palestine , he declared that the majority of Jews there were naïve and idealistic .
They had to immediately seize the entire Biblical land of Israel – taking all of the West Bank and stretching right into present - day Jordan .
There could be no compromise , ever , with the Arabs , who only understand force .
The man he calls his mentor , Abba Ahimeir , described himself proudly as " a fascist " .
Today , Benzion 's son routinely compares dealing with the Palestinians to dealing with the Nazis .
He can only understand their anger as a resurfacing of Europe 's irrational , murderous hate .
He insists they have no right to a share of the land because they " stole " it – in 636AD .
Accordingly , Netanyahu rubbishes every peace initiative offered by Israel .
His reaction to Yitzhak Rabin 's decision to sign the mild and moderate Oslo accords with Yasser Arafat reveals the depth of his opposition to compromise .
He warmly addressed crowds that chanted " Rabin is a Nazi " and " through blood and fire , Rabin shall expire " .
He called the former prime minister " a traitor " , shortly before Rabin was murdered by a Jewish fundamentalist who agreed .
The other person who has surged ahead in the polls – and looks likely to be Netanyahu 's coalition partner – is Avigdor Lieberman , a Russian ex-nightclub bouncer who says the model for dealing with the Palestinians should be Vladimir Putin 's 1990s bombardment of Chechnya , which caused the death of a third of the entire population .
He wants the political parties elected by Israeli Arabs to be criminalised , snapping that they should be dealt with " like Hamas " .
Perhaps even more depressing than their rise is the flat and flat - lining response form the other parties .
Both Kadima and Labour militantly defend the blockade and bombing of Gaza , not least because their leaders – Tzipi Livni and Ehud Barak – led the charge in Cabinet .
Even Barak has picked up the comparison to Putin and started approvingly quoting the new Tsar of Russia .
The brave pro-peace parties like Meeretz are shunted far to the margins of the debate .
How did this happen ?
It is essential to remember that the Israelis did n't end up in the Middle East out of a wicked desire to colonise and kill , as some people now gleefully claim .
They are there because they were fleeing genocidal Jew - hatred .
That does n't justify a single crime against a single Palestinian – but if we forget this , and the unimaginably vast trauma that lies behind it , we cannot understand what is happening now .
Over the past few months , I keep returning to an extraordinary essay written by the great Israel novelist Amos Oz in 1982 .
The Likud Prime Minister Menachem Begin had compared the Palestinian leadership to Adolf Hitler , so Oz wrote : " You display an urge to resurrect Hitler from the dead so you may kill him over and over again each day ...
Like many Jews , I feel sorry I did n't kill Hitler with my bare hands .
But there is not , and there never will be , any healing for the open wound .
Tens of thousands of dead Arabs will not heal that wound .
Because , Mr Begin , Adolf Hitler is dead .
He is not hiding in Nabatiyah , in Sidon , or in Beirut .
He is dead and burned to ashes . "
Israeli society consists ,
Oz says , of " a bunch of half - hysterical refugees and survivors " .
The 2,000 - year trauma of the blood libel , the Inquisition , the pogroms , Auschwitz and Chelmno and the Gulag Archipelago , have produced a distorted vision , where every shriek of pain directed at Israel can sound like the rumble beginning in the massed crowds at Nuremberg .
This means that Israel is missing opportunities for peace .
Even much of Hamas – an Islamist party I passionately oppose – is amenable to a long ceasefire along the 1967 borders .
That is n't my opinion ; it is the view of Yuval Diskin , the current head of the Israeli security service Shin Bet .
He told the Israeli Cabinet before the bombing of Gaza that Hamas would restore the ceasefire if Israel would only end the blockade of the Strip and declare a ceasefire on the West Bank .
Instead , they bombed , and the offer died .
The former head of Mossad , Ephraim Halevy , says that Hamas , " will have to adopt a path that could lead them far from their original goals " if only Israel will begin the path of compromise .
This would drain support for rejectionists such as Osama Bin Laden and Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , and make it easier to build international coalitions .
Instead , too many Israelis – imprisoned by their history – seem determined to choose the opposite path : of Netanyahu and Lieberman and ramming an endless alienating boot on to the throat of the Palestinians .
It does n't have to be like this .
We can only say to them with Amos Oz , as urgently as we can : Adolf Hitler is not hiding in Gaza City , or Beit Hanoun , or Hebron .
Adolf Hitler is dead .
j.hari@independent.co.uk
[ Analysis ]
Linuxに勝てなかっ たPlan 9
2002 年頃、とある雑誌 でPlan 9の記事を6ページほど作ったことがある。冷静に考えると、とても流行するようには思えなかったのだが、私にはPlan 9はまぶしく輝いて見えた。それは紛れもなく未来のUNIXだったし、日々コンピュータやネットワークを利用する環境として、ぜひとも使いたいと思えるような機能が多くあった。
「 Plan 9 」 （プラン・ナイン）はUNIXが生まれたベル研究所で、次世代UNIXとして開発されていた分散OSだ。UNIXやC言語を生み出したケン・トンプソン、デニス・リッチー、ロブ・パイクらのチームが、当時UNIXが抱えていた限界を打ち破るために、ネットワークやGUIを最初からUNIXの設計思想に基づいて取り入れた先進的なOSだった。それは、未来のUNIXとなるはずだった。
UNIX の大きな特徴として、デバイスをファイルにマッピングして抽象化するというものがある。各I/Oポートへの入出力はファイルの読み書きとして行える。Linuxではマウスの入力であれば、「/dev/mouse」を通常のファイルのようにreadするだけでよい。プリンタへの出力も「/dev/lp」へのwriteと、ファイルと同じ扱いだ。
ところが、時代とともにネットワークやグラフィックスが付け加わると、こうした初期設計時の抽象化から漏れるAPIが増えた。そうして漏れつつあった各種リソースを、再びUNIX的なファイルシステムのツリーにマップし、抽象度と統一性の高いインターフェイスを用意したのがPlan 9だった。ファイルとして扱えるのは一般に想像するようなハードウェアデバイスだけではなく、あらゆるリソースが対象となった。GUIで扱うウィンドウやネットワーク上のコンピュータ、CPU、稼働中のプロセスなどもディレクトリツリーにマップされていた。TCP/IPなどのネットワーク関連の操作も「/net」というディレクトリを使って行うなど徹底していた。
こうした特徴から当時 、Plan 9はUNIXよりもUNIX的だという紹介のされ方をしていたし、Plan 9をおもしろがるUNIXユーザーは少なくなかったと思う。Plan 9にはほかにもメモリやハードディスク、光ディスクまでを統一的に扱うことで容量設計やバックアップ、バージョン管理の問題をなくした「 WORM」や「 dumpfs」と呼ばれる仕組みや、ネットワークドライブのマウント時の名前空間の問題を解決する仕組みなど、多くの新しいアイデアに満ちていた。
Plan 9はなぜ失敗したのか？
UNIX を生んだドリームチームが、再び同じ思想を持って作り直した現代的なUNIX、それがPlan 9 だ 。Plan 9は未来のUNIXとなるはずだった。しかし実際には、2002年4月にリリース4を出して以来、開発はストップしている。
Plan 9はなぜ失敗したのか？
この問いに対して2003年の時点で、エリック・S・レイモンド氏が1つの回答を与えている（リンク）。そして、この回答には、何度もかみしめるべき教訓が潜んでいると思うのだ（レイモンド氏はESRの略称で知られるOSSムーブメントの立役者の1人。OSSの開発モデルを分析した論文、「伽藍とバザール」の執筆者としても知られる。念のため）。
マーケティングに熱心でなかったからとか、さまざまな理由付けが可能だが、Plan 9が普及しなかった理由は結局のところ、旧来のUNIXを置き換えるほどには先進的ではなかったからだ、というのがレイモンド氏の答えだ。
Plan 9に比べれば、確かにUNIXはきしみ音が聞こえてガタピシいうし、明らかにさび付いたところもあるのだが、そのポジションを維持するために必要な仕事はちゃんとこなせていた、という。このPlan 9とUNIXの事例から、野心的なシステム設計者に対してレイモンド氏が引き出す教訓は「より良いソリューションに対する最も危険な敵というのは、十分に良い既存のコードベースなのだ
（the most dangerous enemy of a better solution is an existing codebase that is just good enough .）」 というものだ。
漸進的な進化を果たし たLinux
Linux やBSD系UNIX には 、Plan 9由来の機能がいくつか取り込まれている。稼働中のプロセスをモニタしたり操作するための「/proc」と呼ばれるファイルシステムは、Plan 9のものだし、Linuxでスレッドを生成するシステムコール「clone」は、レイモンド氏によればPlan 9の「rfork」をモデルにしているという。
すべてをファイルのように扱うという意味でいえば、LinuxのFUSE（Filesystems in Userspace） もPlan 9の影響下にある 。Plan 9ではFTPクライアントを提供する代わりに、ftpfsというファイルシステムを実装し、そのことによって通常のファイル操作と同等のコマンドやツールを使えるようにする。現在、FUSEを使ったファイルシステムには、ftpfsはもちろん、flickrfsやBloggerFS、TracFSなどさまざまな実装がある。
今やOSばかりかインターネット全体にも利用範囲を広げた感があるUTF-8も、Plan 9のために考案されたエンコーディングだという。
Plan 9に似た機能が現実のサービスとして登場
私がPlan 9を日常的に使う環境にしたいと思った理由のほとんどは、dumpfsとWORMファイルシステムの存在があるからだった。dumpfsは毎日朝5時など決まった時間にスナップショットを取り、ファイルを差分で管理する仕組みだ。「/dump/2009/01/15/usr/ken/foo.txt」などと日付を指定すれば、任意の日付のバージョンでファイルが取り出せる。一方、WORMファイルシステムは、文字通りWORM（Write once , read many ）の光メディアとハードディスクを組み合わせたシステムだ。システムで扱う情報のうち頻繁にアクセスされるものはハードディスクに置き、そうでないものは、逐次、マガジン式の光ディスクに蓄積させていくというものだ。つまり、dumpfsとWORMにより、ユーザーはハードディスクの容量を気にしてファイルを消す必要もないし、うっかり消してしまっても問題はないし、バックアップを取る必要もない。アプリケーションでバージョン管理をする必要もない。
先日、これと似た仕組み はZumoDriveで実現してしまったのだなと思った（参考記事：“ すべてクラウド”も間近!?
「 ZumoDrive」を使ってみた）。マガジン式の光ディスクの代わりにクラウド上のハードディスクを使うという違いはあるが、実現できることは、Plan 9におけるdumpfsとWORMファイルシステムを組み合わせたシステムとほとんど同じだ。
新しいことは上位レイヤで実現すればいい
既存技術が十分に良かったから、というレイモンド氏の理由付けは、その通りだと思う。もう少し正確に言えば、十分に良かったというのは「まだ進化や機能追加に耐えるほど十分に良かった」という意味だろう。UNIXやユーザー環境がPlan 9的なものを取り入れて進化していけたからこそPlan 9は不要だった。「 UNIX →
Plan 9」のような非連続的でコストの高いジャンプをする代わりに、UNIXは漸進的に進化してきたし、まだ進化しつつもある。同じようなことはXHTMLとHTML
5の関係にもいえるだろう。約束された未来だったはずのXHTMLへの移行は起こらず、HTMLが進化する形となった。
進化は、実績を積んだ古い技術の「上」に積層するように起こっているようにも見える。
例えば 、Plan 9のようなファイルシステムによる抽象化は強力だが、もう少し上のレイヤを考えれば、プログラミング言語による抽象化が同じことをしつつあるとも考えられる。Rubyのように抽象度の高い言語を使えば、Linux上であってもネットワークやファイルといった違いをあまり気にせずにプログラミングができる。あるいは多くのWebアプリケーションではファイルの読み書きがHTTPのGETやPOSTに置き換わっている。計算リソース、ネットワークリソースが爆発的に増加している現在、かつてOSやミドルウェアが抽象化すべきだったことも、アプリケーションレベルでインターネットを介して行われているように見える。
地層にたとえて言えば、OS（カーネル）は古層として扱い、その上に降り積もるユーザー空間アプリケーションという新しい層で、さまざまな機能を付けて進化していけばいい。いつまで経っても古層に降りていく必然性は消えはしないが、かといって古層を取り払ってやり直したり、何か別物で置き換えようというのは、あまりに効率が悪い。クラウドコンピューティングは、ぴかぴかの分散OSを使う代わりに、LinuxというモノリシックなOSを基本ピースとして、その上に構築された分散コンピューティング環境だ。
2009 年におけ るPlan 9
レイモンド氏によ るPlan 9の議論を知ったのは実はつい最近なのだが、この議論が私の脳裏に焼き付いたのは、いま現在も「2009年のPlan 9 」ともいうべき “ ベターソリューション ” や“ 未来の技 術 ” が世に溢れているように思われるからだ。
典型例はNGNだ。すでにあるオープンなネットワーク上のTCP/IP通信（インターネット）は十分に良く、代替技術が要るようには思えない。データ通信と音声や動画の融合など、とっくに実現されているし、QoS制御にしても専用のアーキテクチャを用意するほどインターネットは悪くない。むしろP2PやCDN、分散キャッシュの研究・開発をすべきではないか。SkypeもFacebookもYouTubeも数億人にスケールさせることができていて、十分に良いサービスを提供している。セキュリティにしても、もしまだ何か追加技術が必要であるとしても、それはもはや上位レイヤで解決すべき問題であって、わざわざ既存技術・インフラと違うものを持ってくるべき理由はない。
Windows Vistaへの移行が進まなかったのも 、Windows XPが十分に良かったからとも言えるだろう。人々が求めた新しい“ ユーザー体験” は、主にWebサービスの形でもたらされた。
PC 自体が「十分に良い」コンピュータの例だ。1980年代辺りまでパーソナル・コンピュータはマニアのおもちゃでしかなかったが、いまやPCを構成するのと同じパーツからなるサーバが、やはりマニアのおもちゃといわれたようなLinuxを使ってインターネットを作り出している。個々に見ると信頼性や性能が足りない局面はあっても、クラスタリングで十分な性能を確保できている。
ノウハウや開発の蓄積に打ち勝つほどの違いはあるか？
「 古層」という言葉は聞こえが悪いが、その実績とノウハウの蓄積も無視できない。レシプロエンジンを置き換えるはずだったロータリーエンジンは、理論上は優れていたものの、レシプロエンジンの長年の開発の蓄積の前にはついにそれを置き換えるほどのアドバンテージを持ち得なかった。実績やノウハウの蓄積まで含めたときに、NGNが、すでに存在するインターネットを超えるほどのアドバンテージを持ち得るとは考えづらい。
JavaScriptに関しても、似たような議論がある。2009年1月28日付けのブログで、米MITのソフトウェア・デザイン・グループ、リサーチフェローのジョナサン・エドワーズ（Jonathan
Edwards）氏は皮肉たっぷりにJavaScriptを「欠陥言語」だとやりこめている（リンク）。「JavaScriptは十分に良い。MS-DOSが十分に良かったというのとまったく同じ意味において、十分に良い」。エドワーズ氏に言わせれば、JavaScriptはMS-DOS同様に雑なクイックハックの結果として、本質的なところで欠陥を抱えている。しかも、互換性の問題から直しようがないところもMS-DOSに似ているのだという。JavaScriptは「大量のプログラマを使って何とかかんとか動くようなゴミソフトウェアを生産するぐらいには十分良い。そして、それは金儲けするには十分だ」と手厳しい。
MIT のフェローに反論する身の程知らずを承知で言うのだが、私にはエドワーズ氏の皮肉は不当に思える。ベースとなる技術が理想と遠いからといって、それが粗末なアプリケーションしか生み出さないという道理にはならない。MS-DOSやWindows
95というクイックハックの結果、PCはビジネスの世界で市民権を得るほどのアプリケーションを獲得した（同時に多くの書きかけの文書がクラッシュで失われもしたが）。Webのフロントエンドを語るのに、2009年の今になってJavaScript以外のものを持ち出そうとか、あるいはその欠点をあげつらうのはPlan 9の教訓に反している。十分に良いものは、おそらく置き換えられないし、また置き換えるほどの理由はない。すでに優れたWebサービスはほとんどすべて、フロントエンドはJavaScriptで書かれている。JavaScriptを漸進的に進化させ、それをベースに何を作るかを考えたほうが生産的だ。
もちろん 、Plan 9の教訓が当てはまることばかりではないだろう。しかし、「未来の技術」とか「ベターソリューション」の多くは、現行技術やコモディティ化した一般技術を置き換えるほどに良くはない、という一般論には妥当性があるかもしれない。
（ ＠IT 西村賢） 情報をお寄せください ：
Tags
The great failing of the Obama administration is that it is packed with people who show no apparent knowledge of the essential truths of liberal theory .
That theory — which is the core of the American political contribution to , and the driving force of , modernity itself — is that freedom is the foundation of and the reason for social and economic flourishing .
All evidence suggests they know nothing of this .
Obamites hold the opposite view , the one advanced by the pharaohs and emperors of old , all the way through the Talibans and Hugo Chavezes of our own time .
It is the view that nothing is beyond the competence of the state and its great leader .
Particularly in economic affairs , these people have a wildly inflated view of what the nation 's chief executive can accomplish through sheer will .
Liberal theory teaches that one truism of government is that whatever it does , the results end up making the problem not better but worse .
I 'm thinking of the war on drugs , the war on poverty , the war on illiteracy , and the war on terror .
So it is with the war on recession .
Already it has given us a record of failure , not just for the most recent year but really dating back to the 1930s .
A hundred years ago , liberal theory warned against the central bank on grounds that it would create inflation and generate instability and political corruption .
All that happened .
Liberals warned against the attack on the gold standard in the 1930s , and were proven right again .
So it was for Bretton Woods and also for Nixon 's final creation of unbacked currency .
They were right again .
But do Obamites learn from history ?
On the contrary , they are completely blind to it .
Intellectual failure is at the root of the problem .
Note how the administration invokes economic theory in defense of its policy of wholesale national looting .
In this case , bad economic theory works as a cover for acts of despotism .
In the end , this is how the theoretical errors of J.M. Keynes end up having utility for governments .
But one aspect of this has not received enough comment .
It concerns how the state is using the excuse of stimulus to help not society but itself .
The state is certainly being stimulated here , but the private economy — the only real source of social wealth — is being drained in many ways .
The most direct way in which stimulus is helping the state is by transferring resources from the private economy to the state itself in a zero - sum game .
From Moody 's comes direct evidence .
While the rest of the nation 's economy is shrinking , the economy of Washington , DC , is growing at a 2.5 % pace .
Northern Virginia and suburban Maryland are sharing in the glee , as government gains at the expense of everything else .
One of the great lessons of liberal theory concerns the extraordinary capacity of free exchange to create wealth .
Trading makes both parties better off .
Saving makes resources available for investment .
Investment creates jobs that yield more products for people to purchase .
Through this mechanism , the West grew rich .
The economics of stimulus are not as complicated .
They amount to taking from some and giving to others .
There is no wealth creation at all .
There is no magic " multiplier " to turn stones into bread .
The economics of stimulus is value destroying , because property is pried loose from owners , who put it to socially useful purposes , and given to government so it can pass it out to friends .
This process is costly to overall wealth production — and most of those costs are unseen .
We will never know what kind of real stimulus could have taken place had the property been left in private hands .
What jobs might have been created , what investments might have been made , what kind of business expansions might have taken place ?
We will never know .
Phony stimulus can take the form of direct transfers of wealth , or it can take place through the creation of debt , which ends up smashing the value of the currency in which people keep their savings .
This introduces economic chaos that no one can control once it begins .
The private sector is diminished .
The public sector , on the other hand , thrives on the unjust loot .
The money it gets amounts to a direct infusion .
How much of the stimulus helps the public sector ?
If you consider the private companies that are receiving public aid , it is 100 % , as formerly capitalist enterprises are nationalized through the back door .
Yet because private companies are getting the money , Obama believes he has bragging rights !
This phony stimulus seriously skews the job market as well , as people turn away from private - sector employment and look to government to provide no -risk employment .
Really , this stimulus plan amounts to turning the hourglass upside down .
Bernanke is warning us that we are in a severe contraction right now , but the warning applies not to him or the rest of the public sector .
They are all quite gleefully expanding , actually .
Government stands to win , while the rest of us will lose .
Even if it had the perfect cure for recession , government has no incentive to implement it .
Its prescriptions for the ailing economy are no different from the rest of the public sector , which serves itself at everyone 's expense .
Indeed , government loves economic downturns .
For decades , the private economy has been outrunning government .
The private sector has taken over most of the command posts in society , from security to communications to all forms of technological progress .
This has annoyed the state to no end .
Now is the time for reprisal .
Economic depression is good for the state .
Even if the state knew how to end it , why would we suppose that it has the incentive to do so ?
Music on two CDs , inspired by Bach , bop , Bob ( Dylan ) and more .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan ( CNN ) -- Pakistan has indefinitely blocked travel for convoys , carrying food and military supplies to U.S. troops in Afghanistan , through a key mountain pass .
Armed militants pose next to a captured armored vehicle near the Pakistan - Afghanistan border .
But in a statement , the NATO - led International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan said , " We do not expect any impact on ISAF 's ability to carry out operations . "
The decision to suspend travel through the Khyber Pass in northwest Pakistan was taken due to security concerns , said Gula Jan , a security official in Khyber Agency , on Sunday .
The mountain pass links Pakistan to its neighbor , Afghanistan .
It is in the Khyber Agency , one of seven semiautonomous tribal agencies along the Afghan border .
Because Afghanistan is landlocked , many supplies for NATO - led troops fighting Islamic militants there have to be trucked in from Pakistan .
Officials said militants aligned with the Taliban and al Qaeda have carried several attacks there .
The Pakistani central government has little control in the area , and the area is believed to be a haven for militants .
On Tuesday , as many as 60 to 70 armed militants launched back - to - back assaults on convoys .
Do n't Miss Militants grab U.S. military Humvees in ambush
Militants grab U.S. military Humvees in ambush Pakistan borrows $ 7.6B from IMF
The militants seized 13 trucks -- 12 carrying wheat into Afghanistan as part of a World Food Programme convoy , and one transporting Humvees to the U.S. - led coalition , Khyber Agency officials said .
Jan said the decision to suspend travel came after local leaders met with representatives of some of the shipping firms .
He said trucks will be allowed through the pass once the security situation improves , but did not specify a date .
Dozens of trucks idled by the side of roads Sunday in the Khyber Agency and in Peshawar waiting for the green light .
In its statement , ISAF said it has " multiple , robust and complementary lines of support . "
It added that for security and geographical reasons , " the movements of civilian convoys destined for ISAF are coordinated with Pakistani authorities and border crossing points .
The current temporary adjustments in convoy movements are as a result of this coordination . "
CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .
All About The Taliban • Afghanistan • Pakistan
1 . All my golf shots to really bad right , its really putting me off golf for good , it mostly only happens when I have my driver in my hand but thats when I loose 2 or 3 shots to try and get the ball out of the trees after hitting it so far right
comment by Tracey - 12/02/2009 20:36
In the wake of the controversy surrounding a self - identified lesbian being suspended from Xbox Live , Microsoft has admitted that its policies - aimed at preventing defamation - are an " inelegant solution , " and may be considering alternatives .
When a lesbian gamer named Teresa was suspended from Xbox Live for identifying herself as such in her gamer profile , the story quickly spread across the Internet .
It sparked outrage against a long - standing Microsoft policy that forbade gamers from including words like " gay " or " lesbian " in their Gamertags and profiles - even catching people like Richard Gaywood , who just wanted to be able to use his real name .
Speaking to Stephen Totilo of MTV News and MTV Multiplayer , a Microsoft representative explained why the company had the policy , and how - in light of the recent controversy - it might be changing .
The company 's policy was to disallow any statement of relationship preference in their profile or Gamertags , heterosexual , homosexual , or otherwise .
However , as Stephen Toulouse , program manager for policy and enforcement on Xbox Live , told Totilo , after seeing issues arise like in the cases of Teresa and Mr. Gaywood , the company was " looking into that policy . "
While some gamers have suggested that Microsoft simply just allow people to use the word " gay " in their profiles , the problem is n't quite so simple , says Mr. Toulouse .
After issues first arose regarding complaints about the use of " gay " in profiles and user names , Toulouse 's team combed through the profiles in question and found that in 95 % to 98 % of the cases , people who used the word were using it in a derogatory sense .
The stated intention of policies like Microsoft's - or Sony 's similar fiasco , where typing " gay " or " lesbian " in the company 's
Home service would be censored to " ***" and "*******" - is to prevent defamation and abusive language .
However , through the cases of Teresa and Richard Gaywood , Toulouse and his team have come to understand that they need to provide a way for gamers to display their chosen sexuality without the potential for abuse :
" As social media has become more and more of a thing in the past six years , people are wanting to express more and more detail about themselves , " Toulouse said .
Totilo had his own suggestion - why not give a checkbox that gamers could fill out if they so chose ?
- that Toulouse was very receptive to .
" I think that 's a great idea , " he responded .
" That 's the type of thing we 're looking at as a solution ... we want to provide the capability for our users to express relationship preference or gender without a way for it to be misused . "
" Green " speed bumps that will generate electricity as cars drive over them are to be introduced on Britain 's roads .
The hi-tech " sleeping policemen " will power street lights , traffic lights and road signs in a pilot scheme in London that could be rolled out nationwide .
Speed bumps have long been the bane of motorists ' lives , but these will capture the kinetic energy of vehicles .
Peter Hughes , the designer behind the idea , said : " They are speed bumps , but they are not like conventional speed bumps .
They do n't damage your car or waste petrol when you drive over them - and they have the added advantage that they produce energy free of charge . "
An engineer who formerly advised the United Nations on renewable energy sources , Hughes added : " If it [ the energy ] was n't harnessed by the speed bumps , it would go to waste . "
The ramps - which cost between £ 20,000 and £ 55,000 , depending on size - consist of a series of panels set in a pad virtually flush to the road .
As the traffic passes over it , the panels go up and down , setting a cog in motion under the road .
This then turns a motor , which produces mechanical energy .
A steady stream of traffic passing over the bump can generate 10 - 36 kW of power .
The bumps can each produce between £ 1 and £ 3.60 of energy an hour for up to 16 hours a day , or between £ 5,840 and £ 21,024 a year .
Energy not used immediately can be stored or fed into the national grid .
" With a steady flow of traffic , four of the ramps used as speed bumps would be enough to power all the street lights , traffic lights and road signs for a mile - long stretch of street .
The ramp is silent , comfortable and safe for vehicles .
It is not only green energy ; it is free energy , once you have paid for the capital cost of the equipment , " said Hughes .
" The full potential of this is absolutely enormous . "
Hughes claims that 10 ramps could generate the same power as one wind turbine .
The " electro - kinetic road ramp " system can either be raised to act as a speed bump or laid flat , so that drivers do n't realise they are passing over it .
A spokesman for Ealing council in west London confirmed that £ 150,000 of funding had been secured for the scheme : " The money is there for the scheme in 2009 - 10 , " she said .
" The details - how many speed bumps there will be and where they will be - still needs to be finalised .
It is an innovative idea .
We are excited to be part of it . "
Hughes said he had been in talks with more than 200 councils interested in introducing the system , as well supermarket chain Morrisons about a flat version of the ramp at its depot in Sittingbourne , Kent .
Speed humps were introduced in the UK in 1981 .
There are an estimated 30,000 in London and at least that number in the rest of the country .
Conventional speed humps cost about £ 2,000 each .
A nightclub opened in Rotterdam in the Netherlands last year that is run partly on energy generated by people dancing .
Last year , it was also reported that pedestrians ' footsteps could be used to power lighting at shopping centres .
Amount paid to peaceful immigration rally attendees could have covered hiring of 130 additional LAPD officers ...
Brad Friedman Byon 2/5/2009 , 10:47 am PT
It was nearly two years ago that the L.A. Police Department , in full riot regalia , fired rubber bullets and tear gas on an otherwise peaceful May Day immigration rally in MacArthur Park .
We covered the stunning " May Day Melee " fairly extensively , as it was breaking here at the time .
The story , which received a bit of national coverage at the time , also brought an ensuing spate of racist commenters over to The BRAD BLOG in response , many of whom blamed the victims in appalling screeds .
So a bit of good news on that front , today .
On Wednesday , the LA City Council unanimously approved a settlement of nearly $ 13 million to those who were injured and mistreated by the LAPD that day .
The agreement covers approximately 90 % of the claims --- about 300 in total --- filed against the city and the LAPD alleging misconduct by the officers .
There are still a few pending claims , two in federal court and 15 in state court , according to the LA Times , from some of the journalists and others who were also injured in the melee .
The Times reports that " Council President Eric Garcetti noted that the cost of the May Day agreement was enough to hire almost 130 police officers . "
Councilman Ed Reyes , who represents the MacArthur Park area , recognized the importance of trying to set things right .
" This was very , very critical , " he 's quoted in the Times .
" Now we can say we acknowledge our mistakes ; we are making every effort to address the weaknesses in our process , in our implementation as a Police Department , and more importantly recognizing that the community does matter . "
Much of the shocking melee was caught on tape by both television stations and citizens at the rally .
Among the most striking of the coverage from citizen journalists at the time was that of Jonathan Mann , whose terrifying video we ran at the time , and post again below as a reminder of what happened .
Below that , we also rerun his personal video response to the racist comments which came pouring in following coverage of the incident ... back when fears of a massive immigrant invasion of the United States were being shamefully stoked by the GOP in hopes of political gain .
Funny how the immigration " crisis " in America seems to have just disappeared at some point ...
[ Ed Note : Some language in video not safe for work ... ]
Darwin ’s thinking about evolution was not only deep , but also very broad .
He was interested in fossils , animal breeding , geographical distribution , anatomy and plants .
“ That very comprehensive view allowed him to see things that others perhaps didn’t , ” says Robert J. Richards , a historian at the University of Chicago .
“ He was so sure of his central ideas — the transmutation of species and natural selection — that he had to find a way to make it all work together . ”
( Dr. Richards comments on " On the Origin of Species . " )
From the perspective of 2009 , Darwin ’s principal ideas are substantially correct .
He did not get everything right .
Because he did n’t know about plate tectonics , Darwin ’s comments on the distribution of species are not very useful .
His theory of inheritance , since he had no knowledge of genes or DNA , is beside the point .
But his central concepts of natural selection and sexual selection were correct .
He also presented a form of group - level selection that was long dismissed but now has leading advocates like the biologists E. O. Wilson and David Sloan Wilson .
Not only was Darwin correct on the central premises of his theory , but in several other still open issues his views also seem quite likely to prevail .
His idea of how new species form was long eclipsed by Ernst Mayr ’s view that a reproductive barrier like a mountain forces a species to split .
But a number of biologists are now returning to Darwin ’s idea that speciation occurs most often through competition in open spaces , Dr. Richards says .
Darwin believed there was a continuity between humans and other species , which led him to think of human morality as related to the sympathy seen among social animals .
This long - disdained idea was resurrected only recently by researchers like the primatologist Frans de Waal .
Darwin “ never felt that morality was our own invention , but was a product of evolution , a position we are now seeing grow in popularity under the influence of what we know about animal behavior , ” Dr. de Waal says .
“ In fact , we ’ve now returned to the original Darwinian position . ”
It is somewhat remarkable that a man who died in 1882 should still be influencing discussion among biologists .
It is perhaps equally strange that so many biologists failed for so many decades to accept ideas that Darwin expressed in clear and beautiful English .
My gripe with the American South is not with its alleged peculiarity , but rather its homogeneity — its smug boosterism , its passive - aggressive encoding of " good manners , " its landscapes parched and blasted by Christian surrender to corporate interests .
And Waffle House is , on the surface , nothing if not homogeneous .
Each restaurant has the same shoe - box shape , the same jukebox selection interlarded with Waffle House tributes and novelties , the same plastic - coated place - mat menus , the same you - can - eat - there - drunk - four - o' clock - Christmas - morning hours , and , more or less , the same layout .
There 's a counter that faces a flat grill attended by a short - order cook who keeps a dorky , paper Waffle House hat perched on his crown , takes his orders exclusively by ear , and keeps his back to his audience as resolutely as a priest pre-Vatican II .
Flanking the counter are a few scant booths outfitted with molded plastic benches that accommodate no more than four diners ; visit a Waffle House with a party of five and you 're screwed .
As a matter of fact , the typical Waffle House — and if you 're speaking of one , you 're speaking of them all — begins with a few liabilities for a restaurant in the American South purporting to specialize in the American breakfast .
The coffee ?
As bitter as regret .
The maple syrup ?
As fake as the little plastic - packed side pots of butter , which , in turn , taste a lot better than the ghastly schmear of glistening fuel oil that comes on the prebuttered toast .
And the waffles , the holy eponymous waffles ?
They 're okay , wide and round without being too thick , with a malty taste that mitigates their heaviness , but they 're also the first items on the table to lose heat , and with that , something like their molecular integrity .
I mean , they start out as pale as something that lives under a rock , and after a while , they just die , right there in front of you , and you wind up eating around them .
To be honest , I do n't know anyone who goes to Waffle House for the waffles , and they do n't serve pancakes any more than the Coca - Cola museum serves Pepsi .
So what makes Waffle Houses so great ?
Well , like many other Southern institutions , Waffle House overcompensates .
Just as your big Southern university overcompensates for the SAT scores of its students by playing some kickass SEC football , Waffle House overcompensates for its bitter brew by serving truly delicious fountain products , including the best made - from - syrup Cherry Cokes extant in these United States , with free refills yet .
It overcompensates for serving frozen , grated hash - brown potatoes by a ) keeping them on the grill until they form a golden crust , thereby making them a perfect delivery system for the salt grains you can hear bouncing around on their surface when you shake the shaker , and b ) serving them a dozen ways .
The variations are as follows :
You can get them " Scattered , " which means plain ; you can get them " Scattered and Smothered , " which means with chopped onions ; you can get them " Scattered , Smothered and Covered , " which means with cheese ; you can get them " Scattered , Smothered , Covered and Chunked , " which means ... well , I do n't know what it means , exactly , because I 've never gotten that far .
All I know is that by the time Waffle House gets through with the variations on its frozen potatoes , it has made frozen potatoes into what Italians have made pasta , i.e. , the bedrock of an entire culinary universe .
And that 's how Waffle House works , in general .
Its menu is narrow the way the selection of notes in " The Goldberg Variations " is narrow .
Let diners expand their menus by simple , relentless addition ; Waffle House relies on a higher math , so its menu , which seems a forthright declaration of its limitations , is actually a celebration of possibility .
Which is why it 's a lot like the American South :
There is multiplicity within the homogeneity ; there is eccentricity that keeps forcing its way past the willful blandness .
The great gift of Waffle House is not that the food at every single one of its units tastes the same , though , in fact , it does ; the great gift is that every single one of its units is different and owes something to the vagaries of its location .
I have been to cracker Waffle Houses ; I have been to African - American Waffle Houses ; I have been to poseur Waffle Houses ; I have been to North Carolina Waffle Houses seemingly consecrated to the burning of the tobacco leaf ; I have been to Waffle Houses frequented exclusively by truckers ; I have been to Waffle Houses that have offered succor when I 've gotten lost ; I have been to Waffle Houses that have made me feel like I was going to get killed in the parking lot .
There are a lot of black people who wo n't go to a Denny 's because of that chain 's history of discrimination ; there are a lot of gay people who wo n't go to a Cracker Barrel for the same reason .
There is n't anybody who wo n't go to a Waffle House , though , because you can always find a Waffle House that suits you , and every Waffle House waitress greets you the same way , whether she 's a big black woman with gold teeth named after Elvis or a scrawny white woman whose teeth function as a kind of redneck Rubik 's Cube .
What I like : the cheese omelet , which unlike the inflated grotesqueries of other chains is , like Waffle House itself , made to a human scale , on the grill , so what it lacks in size , it gains in density and flavor , with cheese in every bite .
And then , of course , the cheese eggs .
To be specific : the cheese eggs , with a side of raisin toast , along with a bowl of grits and an order of hash browns " Scattered and Smothered , " a few sausage patties , and a Cherry Coke .
Indeed , all the foodies who insist that Jean - Georges Vongerichten has reinvented the scrambled egg by cooking it over low heat and beating it until the curds break up have never eaten at a Waffle House , which achieves the same effect just by adding some Kraft slices .
The cheese eggs at Waffle House are like pudding , man , which is almost as high a compliment as saying their comically cheap cuts of meat — their saltine - thin T - bones and pork chops — are like bacon .
But it 's true : Waffle House steaks and pork chops are like bacon , which is to say , they 're as nasty as bacon and as good as bacon at the same time .
But that 's not just Waffle House ; that 's the South , overall .
Which is why I 'm sort of stuck here , and why this godforsaken place still beckons .
Welcome South , brother .
It 's as good as bacon .
Just about .
ESQUIRE'S ALL -YOU -CAN -EAT BREAKFAST
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
-- Posted Wednesday , 18 February 2009 | | Source : GoldSeek.com
Analysis of News�www.analysis-news.com
Of Interest to Investors , Survivalists and Others Concerned About Their Economic and Financial Futures , for Week of Feb 1 , 2009 __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
With a focus on the Plutocrats , Goldsmiths , Super - Rich Insiders , and their Allies and what they are conspiratorially doing to manipulate the financial markets , make more profits , rip us off and install a world government under their control By R. D. Bradshaw In the Goldsmiths , Part XXXIII ( published at goldseek.com ) , I outlined the basic problem faced by gold advocates and proponents .
I recognized the power of the Rothschild Cabal to make or break markets , however they see fit to do so .
The gold and silver markets have been seriously impacted by this Rothschild oversight for many years now .
Here�s what I suggested in Goldsmiths XXXIII : Today , the Rothschilds and their relatives , cousins , and colleagues own or control most of the wealth and assets on planet earth .
Obviously , this ownership and control of money has made this combine the plutocratic rulers of much of Western Christianity �particularly in Europe and in North America .
While much of the Third World puts up with this combine , because of the Cabal�s power over money ( principally the US dollar which is their primary currency ) , some of the people in the Third World nations are now or will be soon looking for ways to break the money yoke which the Rothschild Cabal holds over them .
This backdrop will have a profound impact on gold as will be demonstrated in comments to follow in this Goldsmiths .
With its power over money , and therefore over politicians who need money to win elections , the Rothschild Cabal has come to literally control most or all of the Western Christian civilization found in Europe , North America and the White British Commonwealth .
With this control , and the Cabal�s ownership of the international banks in the West , it has meant that the Cabal has owned and controlled all of the central banks in these countries .
Yes , the Rothschild Cabal owns the Bank of England , the Bank of France , the ECB , the Swiss National Bank , the Federal Reserve and so forth .
This ownership , plus the fact that the bosses and leaders at these banks are often Rothschild cousins / relatives , has meant that the Cabal issues orders and instructions to the central banks .
Hence , people like Ben Bernanke actually work for and serve the Rothschild team .
The same is true with the financial market exchanges and most of the big brokerage houses .
They are all linked together under the Rothschild umbrella .
With a background in gold , it is a historic fact for the past centuries that the Rothschilds and their cousins / relatives / colleagues have controlled gold and pretty well have determined its price or value in the financial markets .
Therefore , it is safe to say that the Rothschild combine controls and / or owns most of the gold in the world today .
Of course , some might argue that nations and central banks own much gold .
But it must be understood that even here the control of that gold rests with the Rothschild Cabal ( since the Cabal controls the central banks and political leaders in the democratic Western Christian civilization ) .
In my years of watching and studying the Rothschild combine and gold , I have long ago concluded that the price of gold will explode up -- either when the Rothschilds and their allies control it all or when they lose control of it .
I am not absolutely sure which of these courses will come first .
But I am certain that both motions are underway right now .
Along with their lust and appreciation for gold , it is interesting that this Cabal of bankers introduced and promoted paper money over the past 200 years ( which has turned out to be fiat money thru the irresponsible spending habits of the nations and central banks involved ) .
What a paradox this whole thing has come to be because the Cabal has had to suppress the price and value of gold in order to keep up public acceptance and use of fiat paper money .
In any case , the Cabal has actively suppressed the value of gold for many years now .
So here , one might ask if this conflicting paradox of gold versus fiat paper money will ever end ?
Hence , the answer must devolve to my position stated above �that the price and value of gold will explode up when the Rothschilds and their relatives / cousins / colleagues either own it all / almost all or lose control of it in the markets .
With this backdrop , the situation for gold ultimately comes down to if and when the Cabal has it all or loses control .
What is Involved In that Goldsmiths study , I offered some of the current thinking among some persons that the gold and other financial markets will reach a turn around time in March 2009 � meaning that precious metals will once more resume a strong up - turn .
But I also cautioned readers that the Rothschild team ( especially JP Morgan - Chase ) is holding a large short position in gold .
It is not clear where all these shorts are amassed by date , but we can be sure that the Cabal intends on taking gold down again , if it can .
Of course , the basic question devolves to when the Rothschild combine either owns / controls all or most all of the world�s gold supply or when the combine will lose control over gold in the financial markets .
I think that either of these options will cause some sharp moves up in gold ( and silver as well ) .
But if and when gold starts up in earnest , the Rothschild controlled US government will make a fast , surprise call - in of US gold ( and in marking their call , they will blame people like me and other gold supporters for the alleged problems necessitating the call - in ) .
The ruling plutocrats and their prostitute politicians are not going to sit back and allow the American people to make much money in gold or anything else .
They are in a position of power to control what happens in gold .
And they will use that power .
In any case , the whole dilemma boils down presently to the question of timing .
I outlined in Goldsmiths 33 some of the arguments for a possible significant change in gold value in March .
It could come this early .
But I doubt that we will see the explosion up which will come later if and when the Cabal either owns / controls all or most of it or when the Cabal loses control .
Frankly , my guess would be a loss of control .
But I would suppose that this will come later this year or perhaps starting by Passover in 2010 .
In any case , in the vein of broaching the possible date for a major change in the direction in gold , I recently picked up on an article from the Asia News , as published by rense.com .
I have read and quoted material from the Asia Times / Asian News before since these sources seem to have some grip on thinking in particularly China .
The Asia News of Dec 24 , 2008 Here�s what the Asia News reported back in Dec 2008 on �US Debt Approaches Insolvency : In 2007 , 61.82 % of America �s public debt was held by foreign investors , most of them Asian , � viz :
In the United States , the danger of debt insolvency is growing , putting at risk the currency reserves of foreign countries , China chief among them .
According to new figures published by Bloomberg in recent days ( Nov. 25 , 2008 ) , the American government has employed a total of 8.549 trillion dollars to stop the financial crisis .
This means a total of about 24 - 25.4 trillion dollars of direct or indirect public debt weighing on American taxpayers .
The complete tally must also include the debt - about 5 - 6 trillion dollars - of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , which are now quasi-public companies , because 79.9 % of their capital is controlled by a public entity , the Federal Housing Finance Agency , which manages them as a public conservatorship .
In 2007 , public debt in the United States was 10.6 trillion dollars , compared to a GDP ( gross domestic product ) of 13.811 trillion dollars .
In just one year , direct and indirect public debt have grown to more than 100 % of GDP , reaching 176.9 % to 184.2 % .
These percentages exclude the debt guaranteed by policies underwritten by AIG , also nationalized , and liabilities for health spending ( Medicaid and Medicare ) and pensions ( Social Security ) .
By way of comparison , the Maastricht accords require member states of the European Union ( EU ) to reduce their public debt to no more than 60 % of GDP .
Again by way of comparison , in one of the EU countries with the largest public debt , Italy , public debt in 2007 was equal to 104 % of GDP .
In 2007 , 61.82 % of America 's public debt was held by foreign investors , most of them Asian .
So the U.S. public debt held by nonresident foreigners is equal to about 109.39 % ( 113.86 % ) of GDP .
According to a study by the International Monetary Fund , countries with more than 60 % of their public debt held by nonresident foreigners run a high risk of currency crisis and insolvency , or debt default .
On the historical level , there are no recent examples of countries with currencies valued at reserve status that have lapsed into public debt insolvency .
There are also few or no precedents of such a vast and rapid expansion of public debt .
The United States also runs large deficits in its public balance sheet and balance of trade .
Families and businesses are also deeply in debt : in 2007 , American private debt was equal to a little more than 100 % of GDP .
At the moment , it is not clear how much of America 's private debt has been " nationalized " with the recent bailouts .
In the early months of next year , when the official data are published , the United States will run a serious risk of insolvency .
This would involve , in the first place , a valuation crisis for the dollar .
After this , the United States could face a social crisis like that in Argentina in 2001 .
A crisis in U.S. public debt would likely have a severe impact on the Asian countries that are the main exporters to the United States , China first among them .
Chinese monetary authorities , thanks to a steeply undervalued artificial exchange rate , at about 55 % of its fair value , have limited imports ( including food ) and have achieved an export surplus .
This has allowed them to accumulate a large stockpile of dollar reserves .
In a currency crisis , China risks losing much of the value of its accumulated currency reserves .
At the same time , pressure on imports ( wheat , other grains , and meat ) have led to inflation in the prices of food , the most important expenditure for more than 900 million Chinese .
This is nothing more than a small confirmation of the recent statements of the pope , in his message for the World Day for Peace , where the pontiff calls the current financial system and its methods " based upon very short - term thinking , " without depth and breadth , preoccupied with creating wealth from nothing and leading the planet to its current disaster .
The US debt structure has ballooned up even more since December 2008 .
We can be sure that people in China are watching this gigantic spending of money and wondering how much longer should they sit on the sidelines and allow the US to ruin their investments with give - away programs for the big banks .
In a related report , World Net Daily had a story by Jerome R. Corsi on � Federal obligations exceed world GDP .�
It provides some clue to the dangerous predicament that the US government is now in .
Corsi took note of the recent $ 800 billion stimulus plan and said that the �true deficit of the federal government already is measured in trillions of dollars , and in fact its $ 65.5 trillion in total obligations exceeds the gross domestic product of the world . �
In his further remarks , Corsi noted that the debt situation has placed the US government in bankruptcy �even before new obligations take place .
Corsi quoted John Williams of shadowstats.com that � The federal government is bankrupt �
In a post -Enron world , if the federal government were a corporation such as General Motors , the president and senior Treasury officers would be in federal penitentiary � the appetite of foreign buyers to purchase continued trillions of U.S. debt has become more questionable as the world has witnessed the rapid deterioration of the U.S. fiscal condition in the current financial crisis . �
As noted above from Asia News , the presentation back in December offered some cause to believe that the next big turn date in the US financials ( and thus in gold and silver ) could come in early 2009 .
Well , we haven�t had a collapse yet in US IOU paper .
But those days are on the horizon .
We need to be extra careful at this time and start watching Asia more carefully .
Decisions in China may be the catalyst to turn the gold and US IOU markets around .
The Bottom Line Before concluding this study , it should be noted that as of this writing on Feb 17 , 2009 , stocks and commodities are generally down while gold and the US dollar are up .
The dollar index is almost at 88 .
It appears that the Cabal will next let the dollar index come down later this week and perhaps into next week .
But March currency options and contracts won�t expire until in March .
So by early March , they may try to repeat things with another boost up in the dollar .
The manipulators love their controlled oscillations up and down as they make money on the moves .
Since gold options and contracts expire on February 24 - 25 , the manipulators logically will try to hold the line on gold this week , to protect their huge short positions .
If they are unable to keep it flat this week , for whatever reason , it could be an excellent clue that they are having manipulating and control problems for some reason �like possible trouble from Asia as the Asia News allows .
Asians could be buying some gold in secret .
After all , we must remember that the Chinese and other Asians are not as stupid and gullible as the manipulating Cabal seems to think .
___________________________________________________________________________
Back issues of the Goldsmiths , by the editor of the Analysis of News , can be accessed from a Google or Yahoo search engine by typing in � The Goldsmiths � and R. D. Bradshaw .
Several hundred web sites can be found with the back issues and with translations to Spanish , Italian , German , Chinese and other foreign languages .
The goldseek.com archives have the first 28 Goldsmiths .
Finally , the � Archives - Goldsmiths � of this website ( www.analysis-news.com ) has all of the Goldsmith articles issued to date .
Besides the revelations contained in the Goldsmiths � articles , the work of the plutocratic financial market manipulators to conspiratorially manipulate and control the financial markets ( to make more profits and install a world government under their management ) is also addressed at length in the periodic analysis of the news and in other articles produced at www.analysis-news.com .
This website has an article of interest to any person interested in understanding the market Manipulators .
It is the Hidden Secret of the Manipulators , why they succeed and how to follow their manipulations .
Readers of the above articles are invited to visit www.analysis-news.com and become a subscriber to regularly read some of the material from the world of information which will further reveal how extensive the manipulation , control and dishonesty realities are in the financial , currency and commodity markets , not only in the US but indeed around the world .
To go to this related website , please click at the link here : www.analysis-news.com .
-- Posted Wednesday , 18 February 2009 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com
Previous Articles
A group of major mobile phone handset makers aim to simplify mobile application development by working together to create a standard set of development tools on top of Eclipse , a popular open source integrated development environment ( IDE ) .
Eclipse , which was originally created by IBM to provide a robust IDE for Java development , is now managed by the non-profit Eclipse Foundation and has become one of the most widely used development tools in the software industry .
Eclipse is highly extensible by design and the source code is available under the permissive Eclipse Public License .
These factors have made it a useful starting point for numerous companies that have adapted it for their own SDKs and custom development environments .
Although Eclipse is popular — particularly in the mobile space — the growing number of third - party adopters has created some fragmentation .
Currently , in order to do Eclipse - based mobile development for multiple mobile platforms , developers need to obtain a wide range of disparate Eclipse plugin components and specialized SDKs from various software vendors .
This can be especially problematic when the vendor - specific tools require different versions of Eclipse or conflicting underlying dependencies .
Eclipse has grown an increasingly robust internal package management system to ameliorate some of these challenges , but it is far from a panacea .
In an effort to simplify tooling challenges and reduce barriers to entry for new developers , the handset makers are going to collaborate on shared infrastructure and consolidate parts of their development tool stacks .
The project , which is called Pulsar , will be driven by an Eclipse Foundation workgroup .
The companies that have committed to participate include Motorola , Nokia , RIM , Sony Ericsson , IBM , and Genuitech .
We discussed the Pulsar initiative with Dino Brusco , Motorola 's senior director of development platforms and services .
He explained that Pulsar will make the various mobile SDKs discoverable and easy to obtain directly through p2 , Eclipse 's powerful built - in software deployment system .
The goal is to make it possible for developers to download a single environment and simply select which platforms they want to target .
The environment will than automatically pull in the required dependencies , sparing the developer from having to manually download and install a bunch of different SDKs .
The first major iteration of the project , which will be delivered alongside the upcoming Galileo release of Eclipse , will focus mainly on Java ME .
In addition to providing a streamlined deployment system for offering the SDKs through Eclipse , the companies are also collaborating on shared development tools like a generic framework for emulators so that each vendor wo n't have to reinvent the wheel .
Brusco says that application signing is another area where the Pulsar participants could potentially converge on a standard set of tools .
The project also entails a joint effort to devise and document best practices for mobile development so that the handset makers can collectively provide authoritative guidance to developers .
Although Pulsar is currently limited to Java ME , Brusco says that there are plans to extend it to other development technologies in the future .
Web widgets — applications built with HTML , JavaScript , and CSS — are a becoming a popular approach to cross-platform mobile development .
Brusco says that tool convergence for Web technologies , leveraging Eclipse 's Firefly project , is the next logical step for the Pulsar initiative .
Native development toolkits could eventually be supported too .
Pulsar will likely be viewed by mobile application developers as a welcome advance in tool support .
As the smartphone market evolves and the number of platforms continues to increase , developers will need all the help that they can get to simplify the task of making their applications reach the broadest possible audience .
Listing image by Michiel Jelijs
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Capt . Chesley " Sully " Sullenberger , who has been heralded as a hero for successfully landing a crippled US Airways flight in the Hudson River , told U.S. lawmakers Tuesday that the state of the airline industry is in disarray .
" Americans have experienced huge economic difficulties in recent months , but airline employees have been experiencing those challenges and more for eight years , " Sullenberger said .
" We 've been hit by an economic tsunami , September 11 , bankruptcies , fluctuating fuel prices , mergers , loss of pensions , and revolving door management teams who have used airline employees as an ATM . "
Sullenberger testified before a House subcommittee along with others involved in last month 's emergency landing of Flight 1549 in the Hudson River .
All five crew members and 150 passengers survived .
Sullenberger expressed concern that the economic decline has hit the airline industry so hard that " the airline piloting profession will not be able to continue to attract the best and the brightest . "
" I do not know a single professional airline pilot who wants his or her children to follow in their footsteps , " he said .
" The current experience and skills of our country 's professional airline pilots come from investments made years ago when we were able to attract ambitious , talented people who now frequently seek professional careers elsewhere . "
Fandom | Subscribe Posted by Michael Pinto on Feb 13 , 2009 in Animation
If you ’re an otaku near New York City you ’ll want to reserve Sunday March 1st on your calendars : Japanese cosplay singer Reni will be performing her “ Japanese Maid Show ” which features anime and J - Pop songs done in an authentic Akihabara style of singing and dancing :
Top Tunes , 303-305 East 53rd Street at 2nd Avenue
March 1st , Sunday 5 - 6 pm ( Doors open at 4:30 pm )
No cover charge / one drink minimum
Here ’s Reni ’s bio :
“ Reni was born in Japan and began her formal ballet training at the age of seven .
Since then , she has been dancing nearly every day in styles ranging from Jazz and Hip Hop to “ Nihon Buyo , ” traditional Japanese dance .
Reni expanded her talents to the theatrical world by joining the well - known Japanese company “ Seinenza , ” where she played an active role in both performing and directing .
In 2005 , Reni won a major music contest in Tokyo , out of 1,000 participants .
Her first CD was produced by Takahiro Yamautsuri , who composed music for one of the Pokemon movies .
Her live performances in the major music clubs and show houses in Japan have grabbed the attention of a wide range of audiences .
Her quality singing and powerful dancing in Akihabara style keeps them coming back for more .
In 2008 she relocated to the U.S.A. and is quickly gaining a loyal fan base . ”
And here ’s Reni in action giving a performance :
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
An expert on Lincoln photography thinks a photograph found in Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 's family - owned album showing President Abraham Lincoln in front of the White House could be one of the last photos taken of the 16th president before he was assassinated in 1865 .
A photo found in Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 's family album is verified to contain an image of Abraham Lincoln .
Grant 's great - great grandson Ulysses S. Grant VI had seen the previously unpublished image in the general 's personal photo album , but did n't think much of it until he scrutinized it earlier this year .
" I started to think that it might be the White House , " said Grant , a construction business owner from Springfield , Missouri .
" Then I started to look at the height difference between the people in the photo . "
Thinking that the towering individual commanding the attention of the other people in the image could be Lincoln -- who stood 6 - foot - 4 and is the nation 's tallest president -- Grant called Keya Morgan , a renowned collector and scholar of Lincoln and Gen .
Grant photographs , to see whether his suspicions could be verified .
Morgan , who owns the world 's largest collection of Lincoln artifacts and original photographs , persuaded Grant to take the small photo out of the album to see whether any clues could be found on the back -- particularly the name of the photographer .
" If you do n't know who the photographer is , it 's like not knowing who your father and mother are , " Morgan said .
Sure enough , the seal of photographer Henry F. Warren appeared on the back , along with an inscription : " Lincoln in front of the White House , " dated 1865 .
Grant recognized the handwriting as that of his great - grandfather and Gen.
Grant 's youngest son , Jesse Grant .
Those indicators , along with a revenue stamp used from 1864 - 66 to raise money during the Civil War , helped convince Morgan that the photograph could be the well - documented missing photo from Lincoln 's last " sitting . "
Watch how photograph was verified »
According to Morgan -- who cites Lincoln 's secretaries John Hay and John Nicolay -- Warren took the last three photographs of Lincoln on March 6 , 1865 , just two days after his second inauguration .
Morgan says Warren was desperate to take pictures of Lincoln , so he staged the first act of paparazzi photography .
According to Morgan , Warren first took photos of the president 's son Tad on his pony .
The following day , Warren gave the pictures to Tad and told him to summon his father .
Morgan says that Warren was already set up to take the photo outside the White House , and that Lincoln gave him access afterward to take two more portraits on the White House balcony .
Will Stapp , founding curator of the National Portrait Gallery 's photography department and a professional photograph appraiser , agrees with Morgan 's assessment of the long - lost image .
" The figure itself , the physique -- in looking at it under a magnifying glass , I can see the shape of his beard ; I can see the hairline , " Stapp told CNN .
" It 's similar to the impression you get from other photos taken of [ Lincoln ] from the same distance , like at the Gettysburg Address and his inauguration . "
Stapp and Morgan also say it appears that Lincoln is wearing the same clothes in the outdoor photo as he wore for the portraits taken the same day .
As one of only 130 photographs of Lincoln , it is an extraordinary find not only because of its proximity to Lincoln 's death , but because it shows him in a natural stance .
" You could put yourself in the shoes of the people around [ Lincoln ] and see what it was like to live at the White House , " said Morgan , who says he receives 10 to 20 requests a day asking him to verify potential Lincoln photographs .
Morgan , who purchased the photo from Grant , says he has received thousands of e-mails from Lincoln aficionados commenting on the find .
His Web site , lincolnimages.com , received more than 5 million hits on Tuesday and crashed because of the traffic overload .
All About Gettysburg • Abraham Lincoln
Summary :
This site opened in November 2007 with three posts about this crisis , describing it as End of the post - WWII geopolitical regime .
Until we and our leaders understand this , we can neither appropriately respond to events nor prepare for future problems .
While the title overstates the situation ( there are many who understand ) , it captures the key mental barrier we must cross in order to cope .
These are just guesses , but they have proven fairly accurate during the past 16 months .
Contents
Introduction
The true nature of the crisis A quick summary of the situation Missed opportunities to mitigate the damage What comes next ?
Cohesion will be the key to success Perspective on these events
This post is a follow - up to This financial crisis is the transition to a new world ; like birth , it is painful , 11 February .
(1) Introduction
Most analysis of this financial crisis describes this as a cyclical event within our current financial regime .
So they see the unexpected “ breaking ” of institutions as an indicator of magnitude or unexpectedness ( it ’s a “ black swan ” ) .
bankruptcy of the US mortgage brokers in 2007 ,
banks and brokers in 2008 , and
large non-financial corporations and even nations in 2009 .
These things are neither unexpected nor oddities .
They were predicted in general terms for many years ( see here for examples ) and represent the very essence of the process : the ending of the post - WII global financial system , and its evolution into another form .
If the change is sufficiently large , which I expect they will , this will be the end of the post - WWII geopolitical regime .
To prepare we must first understand .
Hence this series , the purpose of which was perfectly stated by Milton Friedman in the Preface to his book Capitalism and Freedom ( 1962 ) :
What then is the role of books such as this ?
Twofold , in my opinion .
First , to provide subject matter for bull sessions .
As we wrote in the Preface to Free to Choose : “ The only person who can truly persuade you is yourself .
You must turn the issues over in your mind at leisure , consider the many arguments , let them simmer , and after a long time turn your preferences into convictions . ”
Second , and more basic , to keep options open until circumstances make change necessary .
There is enormous inertia tyranny of the status quo — in private and especially governmental arrangements .
Only a crisis — actual or perceived — produces real change .
When that crisis occurs , the actions that are taken depend on the ideas that are lying around .
That , I believe , is our basic function : to develop alternatives to existing policies , to keep them alive and available until the politically impossible becomes politically inevitable .
(2) The true nature of the crisis
The post -WWII global financial system has brought unprecedented prosperity to the world , unlike the 1815 - 1914 cycle , which benefited mostly the West .
However it quickly evolved serious imbalances .
First manifested by the late 1960 ’s decay of the Bretton Woods system ,
which ended in 1971 , when President Nixon ended the US dollar ’s convertibility into gold ,
followed by increasingly frequent financial crises around the world ,
resulting in the last stages with the development of obviously unsustainable massive deficits and surpluses in current accounts and
massive growth in foreign debts and credits ( national reserves and foreign debts ) .
That our leaders do not understand the larger process at work explains their otherwise incredible failure to adequately respond .
Experts like Henry Paulson and Ben Bernanke — the latter one of the world ’s leading experts on the last such transition ( aka the Great Depression ) have acted with slow incremental steps — each responding to the previous phase of the crisis , not the one looming ahead .
This shows the failure of the “ orientation ” aspect of their Observation - Orientation - Decisison - Action ( OODA ) loop .
The result is a situation like the early stages of the Great Depression .
No nation could recover until it went off the gold standard , breaking their “ golden fetters “ .
Nations made that leap into the future at different times , accounting for much of the difference between those who recovered quickly – and slowly .
Today governments burn their vital resources –time and money — fruitlessly attempting to save the post - WWII regime , an era that has already passed away .
Instead we must look ahead , building a new foundation for the American and global economies .
(3) A quick summary of the situation
The crisis can be thought of as stress on the global economic machine which results in a “ snapping ” of links or components .
The breaking of each component increases stress on the others , leading to more damage .
Consumer demand and corporate investment decline , which in turn creates more stress leading to more snapping .
We can think of this in geophysical terms , as if God was putting torque on the world economy .
The fault line runs from
Asia — China , Japan , Korea
through North America — US , Mexico
to Europe — Eastern Europe and the PIIGS ( Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece , Spain ) .
Each of these nations is under different forms of stress .
China from the need for growth to maintain social stability .
Japan from its aging population , massive governmental debt , and weakness following two decades of fighting deflation ,
Korea from its massive external debts and collapsing exports ,
the US from debt deflation , massive foreign debts ( fortunately in US dollars ) and coming collapse of consumer spending and export income ,
Mexico from a losing war with organized crime and the coming collapse in oil revenue ,
Eastern Europe from its massive foreign debts ( worse , they ’re denominated in foreign currencies ) ,
and the PIIGS from a combination of the above .
The effect of other nations on the fault line cannot be reliably predicted , but offer great potential for unpleasant surprises .
To mention just one of the major unknowns , Can the European Monetary Union survive the next recession ?
(4) Missed opportunities to mitigate the damage
The opportunities to avoid the crisis lie in the past two or more decades .
At some level we knew that we must save more and borrow less , that our ever - growing trade deficits were a threat to future prosperity , etc .
We put those concerns aside , instead indulging in an orgy of consumer spending .
Larger houses , more cars per household , granite counter - tops , insane government spending for every politically powerful group — from insane defense spending to bountiful agricultural subsidies .
Now the party ends and the hang - over begins .
We fumbled our time as world hegemon and the world turns to something else — as yet unknown .
The fabric of our financial system began ripping in December 2006 , as sub - prime mortgage defaults spiked up and the mortgage brokers went bust .
During the next 12 months the applied a series of bank - aids to the growing tear .
In September and October the global economy suffered a cardiac arrest , a brief but clear warning of what was to come .
Readers of the FM site had a ring - side seat :
November was the last opportunity for the government to “ get in front ” of the crisis — taking bold proactive steps to slow the decline .
I described the measures necessary on 25 September 2008 in A solution to our financial crisis , with details in 3 subsequent posts .
These needed to be done in November immediately after the election .
We missed that exit .
The government took some ( not all ) of these steps during the following 4 months , in a too - small and uncoordinated manner .
The last measure , the stimulus bill and closing down of the OTC derivatives markets will take effect during the next few quarters .
The former is too late ; the latter might be too late .
For more on this , see Everything you need to know about government stimulus programs ( read this – it ’s about your money ) .
(5) What comes next ?
To use another bad analogy , the crisis has been traveling during the past two years through the virtual space of “ Wall Street ” — the financial markets .
That has caused severe damage .
During the 4th quarter it made landfall at Main Street .
Now it travels through the real economy , leaving behind a trail of unemployed people and wrecked businesses .
Bankruptcies , poverty , and ruined hopes .
( a) Government Policy
Governments incomes collapse , their expenses skyrocket .
Unemployment insurance , food stamps , medicaid .
People over 62 lose their jobs and draw Social Security and Medicare .
Both people and government of America have lived in a dreamland during the past two months .
Quarrelling and bickering about trivial while ignoring the storm about to descend .
As the depression descends upon the world , there will be scramble for large - scale government action .
Employ the unemployed , take massive steps to keep the economy alive until it recovers .
When we finally nationalize most of the major banks it will be page 3 news .
Unemployment and bankruptices — and government programs to fight these — will be on page one ; instability abroad will dominate page two .
( b) American politics
Hopefully people will forget the “ do nothing and hope ” recommendations of the Republican Party .
Otherwise it might face near - extermination in November 2010 .
Any President would have looked bad in 1930 .
Anyone taking office in 1932 — at the trough of the Great Depression — had the wind at his back , making it relatively easy to be a star .
President Obama will find that he was elected at a bad point in the cycle , in the equivalent of 1930 not 1932 .
Obama must become the most difficult kind of healer , performing triage on the wounded .
Who gets aid ?
Who is left to suffer , fighting their own path to survival ?
Who is doomed , and so gets no aid ?
From whom are necessary funds requisitioned to pay for all this ?
If Obama succeeds even modestly , history might place him among our greatest Presidents .
(6) Cohesion will be the key to success
Getting through this with a minimum of damage will require cohesion , both domestic and international .
Maintaining cohesion is responsibility of us all , but especially our the world ’s leaders .
The US maintained a high degree of social cohesion during the 1930’s .
No great increase in crime , no waves of rioting , no armed revolts .
Much has changed in American since then .
Much depends on doing so well again .
Germany maintained cohesion ( of a kind ) by electing making Hitler its Fuhrer .
Let ’s hope no major nation takes that option .
National monetary , currency , and trade policies must be coordinated and cooperative .
The consequences of widespread “ beggar thy neighbor ” policies might be disastrous .
The IMF will need a massive transfusion of money , as many developed and emerging nations face the equivalent of bankruptcy .
(7) Perspective on these events
How will this play out ?
The end of this era will be like a singularity in astrophysics , where the rules break down .
We can not see beyond it because we do not understand the choices that will determine our fate – let alone how we will choose .
It also resembles a singularity in that what lies on the other side is unimportant until ( or unless ) one survives the passage through it .
I am confident that America will come through this , hopefully learning what we need do to build a better world .
It ’s a matter of faith .
But we must realize that political and economic regimes come , and they go .
The post -WWII has brought incredible freedom and prosperity to America , but that does not make it eternal .
As Queen Gertrude says to Hamlet ( Act I , scene 2 ) :
Good Hamlet , cast thy nighted colour off ,
And let thine eye look like a friend on Denmark .
Do not for ever with thy veiled lids
Seek for thy noble father in the dust :
Thou know ’st ’tis common ;
all that lives must die ,
Passing through nature to eternity .
** The movie “ The Matrix ” prominently featured a version of this : “ All that lives must die . ”
Afterword
Please share your comments by posting below .
Per the FM site ’s Comment Policy , please make them brief ( 250 words max ) , civil , and relevant to this post .
Or email me at fabmaximus at hotmail dot com ( note the spam - protected spelling ) .
For information about this site see the About page , at the top of the right - side menu bar .
For more information from the FM site
To read other articles about these things , see the FM reference page on the right side menu bar .
Of esp interest these days :
About the causes of the crisis :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The number of cases of motorists taking dangerous and illegal risks at UK level crossings is at a four - year high .
Figures released by Network Rail show there were more than 3,400 cases of level crossing misuse last year , disrupting thousands of trains .
EAST MEADOW , N.Y. , Feb. 16 ( UPI ) --
A suburban New York man said the personalized license plate he obtained for his car -- XXX PERT -- causes many people to ask him about buying pornography .
Henry DeRossi , 78 , of East Meadow , N.Y. , said the plate on his Mercedes - Benz is a reference to his business , Expert Metal Slitters of Long Island City , N.Y. , but the triple - X on the plate causes many to confuse him for a porn seller , the New York Daily News reported Monday .
Advertisement
" You'd be surprised how many people stop me when I am at a light and want to buy porn , " DeRossi said .
He told the Daily News the number of people confused by the plate has grown to the point where his auto dealer has him park the vehicle in a back lot when he brings it in for service .
The New York Department of Motor Vehicles said there are 450,292 personalized license plates in the state .
Credits : NASA / RASA
The Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer ( AMS ) is a high - energy particle detector .
AMS will detect electrons , positrons , protons , antiprotons , and nuclei in cosmic radiation .
AMS is a cooperative project that involved more than 200 scientists from 31 institutions and 15 countries .
The data gathered by AMS during its three - year mission will help scientists answer important questions about antimatter and invisible mass in the Universe .
AMS could detect many types of particles predicted by theorists and determine their astrophysical sources .
AMS could reveal to scientists unusual astrophysical objects like antimatter galaxies , dark matter , strangelets , microquasars , and primordial black holes .
AMS actually refers to two particle experiments : AMS - 01 and AMS - 02 .
AMS - 01 flew in low Earth orbit ( LEO ) with Space Shuttle Discovery STS - 91 in June 1998 .
AMS - 01 was an AMS prototype ( a simplified version of the spectrometer ) and was used to test particle physics technology in LEO .
AMS - 02 is the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer designed to be mounted and operated on the ISS .
Credits : NASA AMS - 02 is a cube - shaped structure with a mass of 6,731 kg .
The spectrometer consists of a huge superconducting magnet and six specialized detectors , and requires 2,000 watts of power .
The experiment has a 10 Gb / sec internal data pipeline and will have a dedicated 2MB / sec connection to ground stations .
AMS - 02 will gather approximately 200 TB of scientific data during its mission .
Four 750 MHz PowerPC computers running Linux will provide the computing power .
The spectrometer also contains two star tracker cameras , which detect the orientation in space , and a thermal control system that will control the temperature of the whole experiment .
The thermal control system is quite complex .
Heat is collected from the detectors and the magnet , and then pushed through conductors to the radiators mounted on the outside of the AMS and radiated into space .
AMS - 02 has a little bit of history associated with it … due to the Space Shuttle accidents , which reduced the number of orbiters available , and the decision to retire the Space Shuttle fleet , AMS - 02 faced cancellation ( a long list of elements meant to be part of the ISS were cancelled for the same reasons ) .
Because an additional shuttle flight was added to the launch manifest , most likely AMS - 02 will make it to the space station .
The plan for AMS - 02 is that it will be attached to the zenith side of the S3 section of the Integrated Truss Structure on the ISS .
A Payload Attachment System will be used to keep the spectrometer in place on the truss segment .
Credits : NASA
According to the missions schedule , AMS - 02 will be installed on ISS as part of the Space Shuttle Discovery STS - 134 mission , together with the last ExPRESS Logistics Carrier ( ELC - 4 ) , in late 2010 .
STS - 134 will be the last Space Shuttle flight before the deadline set to end Space Shuttle operations on September 30 , 2010 .
It was a heavy metal miracle .
Acrassicauda had been through hell as a rock band in wartime Baghdad .
Its practice space was bombed .
Its members were branded Satan worshipers and received death threats for making Western - style music .
Then they suffered through two purgatorial years as refugees in Syria and Turkey , killing time and dreaming of rocking out in the land of the free .
And on Sunday night , two days after the last of the band ’s four members was resettled in the United States , they enjoyed what any metal fan would have to call heaven : bearhugs and “ Wow , dude ” heart - to - hearts backstage with Metallica at the Prudential Center in Newark .
It probably was n’t necessary for James Hetfield , Metallica ’s lead singer , to surprise them after the show by handing over one of his guitars , a black ESP , and signing it “ Welcome to America ” ; their minds were already blown .
“ That ’s for keeping the faith , ” Mr. Hetfield said , adding as he disappeared with his entourage down a corridor , “ Write some good riffs . ”
Acrassicauda ’s rock ’n ’ roll faith was traced in a documentary , “ Heavy Metal in Baghdad , ” released in 2007 .
That film portrayed the members as ordinary if tenacious rock Joes amid the most extraordinary circumstances , and they continue to embody those roles in their new lives .
Men used to have the upper hand when it came to confidence in the boardroom , bedroom and the bar .
But , according to new research , men are struggling with a crisis of confidence , with almost half confessing that they feel anxious most of the time - particularly at work and especially around women .
The majority of almost 2,000 men aged 16 to 65 questioned by OnePoll , an independent market research company , admitted struggling to feel confident about their place in society .
About half confessed to feeling most insecure when at work , while another 40 per cent also felt inadequate during nights out with friends .
All those questioned by the survey , commissioned by Braun Smooth Side Challenge , admitted to feeling increasingly emasculated by women and said their feelings of inadequacy soar when women are present .
Most intimately , one in four men revealed they are racked by feelings of inadequacy during sex , saying that film and television programmes like Sex and the City had made them anxious about not having enough stamina and imagination in the bedroom .
' Men are more likely than women to have fragile self - esteem , as they judge their status in society through success in a single sphere , such as their career , the size of their pay packet or the model of their car , ' said David Sharpley , of the British Psychological Society .
' These are all subject to a high degree of ambiguity and risk .
Because men are generally poor at introspection and communicating their emotions , this uncertainty can cause the collapse of their self - esteem .
' But then , because men tend to bottle their emotions , they instinctively fake the confidence they once felt .
This exacerbates the problem many times over , because it makes it harder for men to ask for help or for others to see that they need support . '
Dr John Tomlinson , a former GP and trustee of the Sexual Dysfunction Association , said he was hearing from an ' enormous ' number of 18 - to 40 - year - olds worried about sexual problems .
' Advertising - such as David Beckham 's Armani underwear campaign - glamorises the well - toned male body , which men find daunting because they assume it is what women expect , ' he said .
More than half of those questioned confessed they had no constructive male role model - instead having to resort to fictional characters such as James Bond or Indiana Jones - and that they wished their ' self - image ' was stronger , and more masculine and positive .
But instead of becoming more assured with age , three in four men admitted that their lack of assurance had increased as they got older .
The majority of those questioned said they felt most confident when they were between 21 and 30 .
Just 11 per cent of 40 - year - olds and 4.6 per cent of 50 - years - olds said they felt more confident now than in their youth .
Respondents also revealed being haunted by the conviction that other men are more confident than they are .
Almost half of those questioned believed their boss was more self - assured than they were .
One in three men said they turn to alcohol for Dutch courage to help break the cycle .
A surprising one in five had lucky charms , with a third admitting they own ' lucky ' jewellery , one in four wearing auspicious socks and one in five putting their faith in lucky pants .
· This article was amended on Tuesday December 9 2008 .
Braun Smooth Side Challenge , not Braun , commissioned the male self - image survey .
This has been corrected .
I had some fun with some of the text that is normally found on a real $ 100.00 bill .
In this close - up view you can see some of the changes I made .
Bills are signed by the secretary of the treasury not the secretary of Drawing - which I designated as myself ..
Just to the right of Franklin , there is an official seal under the number 100 that normally reads " The Department of the Treasury , 1789 " .
I changed that to my copyright information for this piece .
It reads " Copyright JDH ART 2002 " .
It may be difficult to read on your computer screen but in the upper left corner my bill reads " Not legal tender for debts public or private . " .
Babe Ruth , Right Field
He was n't as vindictive as that Chicago billy goat — whose punishment of the Cubs has entered its second century — but eighty - six years still sting .
Starting as a Red Sox pitcher ( he went 89 - 46 in the regular season and 3 - 0 in the Series ) , he played the field between starts in his last two seasons before being sold to the Yankees and switching to the outfield full - time , in the process ensuring everything else in baseball takes a backseat to the Yankees - Sox rivalry .
Decades after dying , he still drives opponents crazy , with Barry Bonds declaring , " I wiped him out .
In the baseball world , everything is Babe Ruth right ?
I got his slugging percentage and I 'll take his home runs and that 's it , do n't talk about him no more " and Pedro Martinez asserting he wanted to find Babe 's ghost and " drill him in the ass . "
In November , Bitcoin – a record - breaking cryptocurrency – broke the USD $ 10,800 mark .
Then , just a few hours later , it peaked at $ 11,000 .
There ’s no limit to the potential Bitcoin , and other cryptocurrencies have , and there ’s no time like the present to start your own cryptocurrency journey .
If you ’re ready to take the leap of faith and invest in something that has continued to prove lucrative , then Bitcoin is the very thing to look at .
However , knowing which platform to use can be challenging .
It has to have low fees , it needs to be in Canada for your own peace of mind , and it also needs to be 100 percent secure .
Of course , there ’s no “ safe ” way of investing as it ’s all risky , but the platform itself needs to have security measures in place to protect your investment .
CoinBase has been a popular option for millions of people worldwide .
It services 32 countries worldwide , has been involved in over 40 billion dollars ’ worth of transactions , and close to 14 million people use it on a regular basis .
However , as it ’s not based close to home , many Canadians do n’t feel comfortable using it .
The best exchange is one that provides contact information in Canada for when you have a problem and operates in Canadian Dollars .
Knowing that thousands of people are now looking at Bitcoin as a potential money - maker , we ’ve listed four Canadian - based cryptocurrency exchanges to help you on your way to a lucrative financial future .
CoinSquare
CoinSquare deserves to be at the top of the list for many reasons .
It ’s a preferred cryptocurrency exchange for thousands of Canadians , it ’s the leading platform in Canada , the best place you can buy Ethereum and Bitcoin .
CoinSquare is suitable for beginners to cryptocurrency , and also those who are seasoned professionals when it comes to buying , selling and trading .
Therefore , you ’re able to trade in high quantities of Bitcoin and other forms of cryptocurrency , or even just a few hundred dollars .
Not only is it one of the most secure coin management systems , but CoinSquare also offers exceptionally low fees .
The more you buy , sell and trade , the lower your trading and transactional fees , and these range from between 0.1 percent to 0.4 percent .
If you ’re new to cryptocurrency , you can be on your way to a purchase in no time .
CoinSquare is exceptionally easy to use , and customer service is just a phone call or email away .
And , if you ’re on a tight schedule , you can rely on Quick Trade .
CoinSquare is the only platform to offer it , where you can search for Bitcoin Price and Ethereum price in Canadian dollars .
Canadian Bitcoins
As the name suggests , Canadian Bitcoins is in , you guessed it , Canada .
There ’s a host of reasons why Canadians choose to use Canadian Bitcoins , besides the fact it ’s based close to home .
The first reason is that it offers a myriad of payment options .
You can choose to use Interac Online , use direct debit from your bank account , make a bill payment via online banking , use a Flexepin voucher , pay in cash via email , or even drop into your local exchange in Ottawa to pay in cash or debit instore .
The fees vary for each payment method , so it helps to do your research on the website to establish which payment method will be both convenient and cost - effective .
Whichever way you choose , you are sure to find that the interface is straightforward to navigate – something that not all platforms offer .
Another exciting feature of Canadian Bitcoins is that you can make significant purchases .
So many online platforms have a limit , and it ’s usually a small limit .
Canadian Bitcoins , however , enable you to make purchases of $ 100,000 and more .
This is beneficial for high rollers who know just how lucrative a substantial investment will be .
There ’s only one downside to Canadian Bitcoins , and it ’s to do with privacy .
Many of the offered payment methods are not private , and this is a cause for concern – especially for those who choose to invest large amounts .
QuickBT
If you ’re not looking to invest large amounts of money , but you still want excellent service and plenty of payment options , QuickBT is for you .
QuickBT is a Canadian broker system which has made itself well known as a platform that enables small amounts of Bitcoins to be bought online .
You can purchase up to $ 200 worth of Bitcoin per day , and can do so via Interac Online , with a Flexepin voucher , or with a debit card .
QuickBT is an easy - to - use platform , with your coins being delivered within a few minutes .
No verification is required either , aside from your cellphone number .
BitAccess
BitAccess is a Canadian Bitcoin broker , as well as an ATM operator .
Funded by the Government of Canada , it ’s another well known and trusted platform that enables Canadians to buy Bitcoins securely .
Bitcoins can be purchased with Flexepin in thousands of locations across Canada , and you can even use cash at one of the many BitAccess Bitcoin ATMs .
ID is not required for smaller transactions , and this is good for those who wish to remain anonymous .
However , it has exceptionally high fees .
Fees begin at 10 percent which is a far cry from CoinSquare that starts as little as 0.1 percent .
You will also need your ID for more significant purchases which can remove your anonymity in an instant .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- A Muslim family removed from an airliner Thursday after passengers became concerned about their conversation say AirTran officials refused to rebook them , even after FBI investigators cleared them of wrongdoing .
A Muslim family was removed from an AirTran flight after a conversation about the safest place to sit .
Atif Irfan said federal authorities removed eight members of his extended family and a friend after passengers heard them discussing the safest place to sit and misconstrued the nature of the conversation .
Irfan , a U.S. citizen and tax attorney , said he was " impressed with the professionalism " of the FBI agents who questioned him , but said he felt mistreated when the airline refused to book the family for a later flight .
AirTran Airways late Thursday said they acted properly and that the family was offered full refunds and can fly with AirTran again .
" AirTran Airways complied with all TSA , law enforcement and Homeland Security directives and had no discretion in the matter , " the company said in a prepared statement .
Watch how Muslims find climate of fear at airport »
Family members said FBI agents tried to work it out with the airline , but to no avail .
iReport.com : Share your story
" The FBI agents actually cleared our names , " said Inayet Sahin , Irfan 's sister - in - law .
" They went on our behalf and spoke to the airlines and said , ' There is no suspicious activity here .
They are clear .
Please let them get on a flight so they can go on their vacation , ' and they still refused . "
" The airline told us that we can't fly their airline , " Irfan said .
The dispute occurred about 1 p.m. Thursday as AirTran flight 175 was preparing for takeoff from Reagan National Airport outside of Washington , D.C. , on a flight destined for Orlando , Florida .
Atif Irfan , his brother , their wives , a sister and three children were headed to Orlando to meet with family and attend a religious conference .
" The conversation , as we were walking through the plane trying to find our seats , was just about where the safest place in an airplane is , " Sahin said .
" We were ( discussing whether it was safest to sit near ) the wing , or the engine or the back or the front , but that 's it .
We did n't say anything else that would raise any suspicion . "
Watch Muslims recount how they were kicked off plane »
The conversation did not contain the words " bomb , " " explosion , " " terror " or other words that might have aroused suspicion , Irfan said .
" When we were talking , when we turned around , I noticed a couple of girls kind of snapped their heads , " said Sobia Ijaz , Irfan 's wife .
" I kind of thought to myself , ' Oh , you know , maybe they 're going to say something . '
It did n't occur to me that they were going to make it such a big issue . "
Some time later , while the plane was still at the gate , an FBI agent boarded the plane and asked Irfan and his wife to leave the plane .
The rest of the family was removed 15 or 20 minutes later , along with a family friend , Abdul Aziz , a Library of Congress attorney and family friend who was coincidentally taking the same flight and had been seen talking to the family .
After the FBI interviewed family members , it released them , Irfan said .
AirTran spokesman Tad Hutcheson said the incident began when some passengers reported hearing suspicious remarks by a woman and alerted flight attendants .
Two federal air marshals , who were on board the flight , notified law enforcement about the security - related issue , AirTran said .
After the family and Aziz were taken for questioning , the remaining 95 passengers were taken off of the plane and rescreened , along with the crew and the baggage , AirTran said .
Irfan said he believes his family is owed an apology .
" Really , at the end of the day , we 're not out here looking for money .
I 'm an attorney .
I know how the court system works .
We 're basically looking for someone to say ...
' We 're apologizing for treating you as second - class citizens . ' "
" We are proud Americans , " Sahin said .
" You know we decided to have our children and raise them here .
We can very easily go anywhere we want in the world , but you know we love it here and we 're not going to go away , no matter what . "
Aziz said there is a " very strong possibility " he will pursue a civil rights lawsuit .
" I guess it 's just a situation of guilt by association , " Aziz said .
" They see one Muslim talking to another Muslim and they automatically assume something wrong is going on . "
All About AirTran Holdings Inc. • Air Travel
( CNN ) -- President Obama 's economic stimulus plan cleared its first hurdle , but it was hardly the bipartisan victory he hoped for -- not a single House Republican broke ranks to support it .
The stimulus bill now moves to the Senate , where GOP members want less spending and more tax cuts .
In fact , 11 Democrats also voted against the $ 819 billion package .
But a win is a win , and so the White House strategy is to take the long view : Maybe the Senate will take out more of the controversial pork projects and tweak the tax cuts to win over more Republicans .
The full Senate will vote on its version next week .
Should the Senate and House pass different versions , the two bills would have to be conferenced together .
Then both chambers would have to vote on the new conference version in the coming weeks .
Watch what 's next for the stimulus »
" I do think it is so important that we slow this bill down in order to do it right , " said Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R - Texas .
Senate GOP sources report that there is a " real split " in the GOP caucus about the best way to proceed in the wake of Wednesday 's vote in the House .
The sources say Sen . Mitch McConnell , the Senate minority leader , wants a " smaller , narrower " bill .
Another group of Republicans including Sen. John McCain of Arizona and Sen. Susan Collins of Maine is working to craft a larger package that would include more infrastructure spending .
Generally , the sources say , the party is looking for more concessions from the White House on spending .
The Senate has already made some changes in its version of the bill , which is approaching $ 900 billion .
The Senate Finance Committee added about $ 70 billion to fix the Alternative Minimum Tax , which was intended to place a tax on the wealthy but now hits many middle class families .
The Senate bill adds more direct money for seniors , with a plan to send $ 300 checks to social security recipients and disabled veterans .
Smaller changes in the Senate version include $ 108 million to extend worker retraining programs and a provision to block any taxes on the first $ 2,400 of unemployment benefits .
Aides say housing relief is also going to be a big issue for some Republican senators .
The main concerns are similar to those of their House counterparts .
They want more tax cuts and less spending .
" We look forward to offering amendments to improve this critical legislation and move it back to the package President Obama originally proposed -- 40 percent tax relief , no wasteful spending and a bipartisan approach , " McConnell said .
Obama has made it clear that he's not willing to budge on some of the big ticket items , like how the tax cuts are structured .
The version passed in the House is two - thirds spending and one - third tax cuts .
Much of the $ 550 billion in spending is divided among these areas : $ 142 billion for education , $ 111 billion for health care , $ 90 billion for infrastructure , $ 72 billion for aid and benefits , $ 54 billion for energy , $ 16 billion for science and technology and $ 13 billion for housing .
Those opposed to the bill say it includes too much wasteful spending , pointing to things like $ 335 million in funding for education on sexually transmitted diseases and $ 650 million for digital TV coupons .
Watch why some say there 's too much pork »
A growing number of Republicans and Democrats say measures such as those do n't create jobs .
The Democratic rationale is that healthier Americans will be more productive .
And on the millions for digital television coupons , the hope is that money will go to new call centers explaining how the technology works .
" There 's something in there for literally every interest .
It 's a pent - up wish list of spending programs that many around here have wanted to implement for a really long time , " said Sen .
John Thune , R - South Dakota .
Congressional leaders did drop some of the controversial provisions , like one that provided $ 200 million worth of contraceptives to low - income families .
Obama personally called some House Democratic leaders to urge them to remove the family planning provision in hopes of winning bipartisan support .
The White House is hoping that some Republicans will come on board in the Senate , where there already has been a little more compromise and a greater sense of bipartisanship .
Some House Republicans have left the door open to being more receptive to changes made on the Senate side , and then perhaps voting yes if they get those changes when the final bill comes up for a vote .
David Gergen , a senior political analyst for CNN , said that while there will be disagreements , some version will likely pass in the coming weeks .
" I think both sides are approaching this with some qualms , but they also feel -- especially the Democrats feel -- they have no choice .
The economy is in urgent need to be addressed with a stimulus package , " he said .
" We have got a very popular president .
They 're going to support him and go forward .
And this package is going to pass .
A version of this package is going to pass here in the next two or three weeks . "
The president hopes to have the plan passed by Congress and on his desk for signing by mid-February .
CNN's Jim Acosta , Lisa Desjardins , Gloria Borger , Ed Henry , Kristi Keck and Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .
All About U.S. House of Representatives • U.S. Senate • National Economy
( CNN ) --
Twitter users may value brevity in their messages , but that does n't mean they do n't think about the social implications of language .
Is this sign sexist ?
Some say our language should be more inclusive of both genders .
" Ca n't we English - speakers just agree upon a gender - neutral pronoun ? " attorney Paul Easton recently Twittered .
" Tired of PC grammar gymnastics . "
Easton is n't alone .
There have been at least 18 recent tweets about the fact that English has no grammatically correct substitutes for words like " he , " " him , " and " his " that do not have a gender implied .
Consider the sentence " Everyone loves his mother . "
The word " his " may be seen as both sexist and inaccurate , but replacing it with " his or her " seems cumbersome , and " their " is grammatically incorrect .
" I find myself spending a lot of time reworking or obsessing over sentences to avoid sexist language , and wonder why we settled on these burdensome conventions rather than popularizing a gender - neutral pronoun , " Easton said in an e-mail .
It turns out that an English speaker 's mind can't instantly adopt an imposed new gender - neutral system of pronouns , linguists say .
A sudden change in the system of pronouns or other auxiliary words in any language is very difficult to achieve .
That 's because pronouns are " function words , " which connect words and phrases but do not have " content " meanings .
While new nouns like " cyberspace " and verbs like " to google " become widespread fairly quickly -- and people often come up with synonyms for " cool " -- it 's much more difficult to introduce or change function words .
The mind just wo n't incorporate them .
" The function words form a closed club that resists new members , " Harvard University linguist Steven Pinker writes in his book " The Language Instinct . "
Proposals for gender - neutral pronouns in English began cropping up in the 19th century -- not for reasons of equality , but for the sake of grammatical correctness , said Dennis Baron , professor of English and linguistics at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign .
More than 100 such proposals , including " thon " and " ip , " have arisen , and none of them has stuck .
It was n't until the 1970s that the issue became about equality for women , Baron said .
Today , Internet forums such as Twitter are buzzing about why English does n't have a good substitute for " they , " and what could be done about it .
Transgender groups have also taken an interest in the topic -- in fact , the Trans@MIT at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology has a gender - neutral pronoun system in its Allies Toolkit .
If there were a deeply felt need for gender - neutral pronouns , they would arise naturally and become widespread through popular culture rather than through an educational or governmental mandate , Baron said .
But , for now , many people continue to write the phrase " him or her . "
iReport.com : Sneak a peek at a ' Tweetup ' gathering of Twitter users
" Does it make our culture less sexist ?
Probably not .
But it 's a nice gesture , " he said .
Signs of sensitivity
While everyone knows that " men at work " means " people working , " studies have shown that gendered words do make a difference in how we perceive things , said Kathryn Campbell - Kibler , assistant professor of linguistics at The Ohio State University .
" If you ask children to draw ' cavemen , ' they do draw cave men , " she said .
The issue has public policy implications , too .
In response to a complaint from a local magazine editor , the public works commissioner for Atlanta , Georgia , replaced 50 " Men Working " signs with signs that said " Workers Ahead " last year and encouraged contractors to use only the gender - neutral signs , said spokeswoman Valerie Bell - Smith .
Replacing the signs cost less than $ 1,000 total , she said .
" There are many women who work in public works , and we want to be respectful and sensitive to the fact that they 're out there , too , doing the hard construction work , " she said .
iReport.com : Share your ' tweeting ' tips , tech obsessions
Cindy Scott Day , a writer from Granger , Indiana , who recently Twittered about gender - neutral pronouns , said words like " mailman " and " fireman " have fallen out of use , in favor of " mail carrier " and " firefighter . "
The " biggest dilemma " is the gender - specific pronoun ( he or she ) issue , she said .
The words that stay , the words that go
The pronouns " I " and " we " are some of the most ancient words , supporting the idea that function words are very resistant to change .
New research from Britain suggests that these words , along with the numbers one , two , three and five , have been fairly consistent for thousands of years .
Researchers used a supercomputer to look at how words have been used throughout the centuries across the Indo - European family , which includes English , the Romance languages , the Slavic languages , and Indian tongues such as Hindi .
An obvious example of the preservation of an ancient word is " two . "
In Spanish it 's " dos , " in Slovak it 's " dva , " in Farsi it 's " do " and in Hindi it 's " do " -- all of which are strikingly similar ways of denoting the number two .
" We could time travel and have very limited conversation , " said Mark Pagel , evolutionary biologist at the University of Reading in the United Kingdom , who led the study .
" We really believe that we can probably go back 20,000 years with those really , really old words . "
Adjectives and verbs , on the other hand , change much more rapidly .
The first one to go extinct will be the adjective " dirty , " which will cease to be used to mean " unclean " in 750 years , Pagel said .
Other candidates for extinction are the verbs to " turn , " " push , " stab , " " squeeze , " and " throw . "
" To push " will likely go out of use in 850 years , Pagel said .
That 's because these words have a very high rate of change , according to the computer model .
Try translating them into other Indo - European languages , and you come up with very different results .
For instance , already there are 46 unrelated ways of saying " dirty " in the Indo - European languages , a clear signal that in English it will fall out of use relatively quickly .
All About Language and Linguistics • Twitter Inc .
Success in European soccer , or football if you prefer , seems to be largely about the money .
In the same way that the New York Yankees can buy the best baseball players on the market , the top European clubs can go out an acquire the top talent available .
It ’s the biggest reasons the best squads tend to remain the same from season to season .
According to the people over at the Deloitte Sports Business Group , these are the top twenty richest soccer clubs based on revenues from last season ( all revenue listed in millions , either pound sterlings or euros as indicated ) .
And this is n’t just a European ranking , it ’s a world ranking .
It just happens that the top 20 is entirely populated by European clubs .
These rankings remains largely unchanged from the previous year , although Celtic , Valencia , and Werder Bremen have been replaced by Manchester City , Fenerbahçe , and Stuttgart .
Although it will never happen , I would love see these twenty compete in an All Money League .
Here ’s the countdown from twenty to number one :
20 . Manchester City ( £ 82.3 , € 104.0 )
19 . Fenerbahçe S.K. ( £ 88.1 , € 111.3 )
18 . VfB Stuttgart ( £ 88.3 , € 111.5 )
17 . Newcastle United F.C. ( £ 99.4 , € 125.6 )
16 . Olympique de Marseille ( £ 100.4 , € 126.8 )
15 . Hamburger SV ( £ 101.3 , € 127.9 )
14 . Tottenham Hotspur F.C. ( £ 114.8 , € 145.0 )
13 . Schalke 04 ( £ 117.5 , € 148.4 )
12 . Olympique Lyonnais ( £ 123.3 , € 155.7 )
11 . Juventus F.C. ( £ 132.6 , € 167.5 )
10 . F.C. Internazionale Milano ( £ 136.9 , € 172.9 )
9. A.S. Roma ( £ 138.9 , € 175.4 )
8. A.C. Milan ( £ 165.8 , €209.5 )
7. Liverpool F.C. ( £ 167.0 , € 210.9 )
6. Arsenal F.C. ( £ 209.3 , € 264.4 )
5. Chelsea F.C. ( £ 212.9 , € 268.9 )
4. FC Bayern Munich ( £ 233.8 , €295.3 )
3. FC Barcelona ( £ 244.4 , €308.8 )
2. Manchester United F.C. ( £ 257.1 , €324.8 )
1. Real Madrid C.F. ( £ 289.6 , €365.8 )
Description : I do n't know what 's better value , seeing a plethora of girls flashing or the looks on some of the guys faces as they 're enjoying the show .
Views : 441033 Date : 02/26/09 Favorited : 7
Protesters have demonstrated outside the Department of Finance against U2 ’s decision to move their tax affairs to the Netherlands to avoid paying tax on their royalties in Ireland .
The protest was organised by the Debt and Development Coalition Ireland ( DDCI ) which campaigns on issues related to the developing world .
The coalition contains such organisations as , Trócaire , Oxfam and various Catholic missionary orders .
U2 moved their publishing arm to the Netherlands in 2006 after the Government capped tax - free earnings for artists at € 250,000 .
Previously , U2 had been one of the biggest beneficiaries of Ireland 's tax - free status for artist royalties .
The coalition met Minister for Finance Brian Lenihan who pointed out that the Government had abolished the Cinderella rule where people could say they had not spent a day in Ireland if they left by midnight .
“ We have tax treaties with other countries that regulate where you pay tax .
There is a problem with smaller countries that have to set up deliberate tax havens .
We are raising that at EU level , ” the Minister said though he did not address the specific issue of U2 ’s tax affairs .
The band are resident in Ireland for tax purposes .
Accounts for 2007 for U2 Ltd show the band paid out more than € 21 million in wages in 2007 in a relatively quiet year where they were not touring or releasing new material .
Bono impersonator Paul O’Toole reworked the lyrics of I Still Have n’t Found What I ’m Looking Forto mock the band ’s decision .
“ I know avoiding tax ai n’t fair / it ’s just because I ’m a millionaire , I do n’t need to pay like you , no , I wo n’t pay like you / because I still have n’t learned about democracy . ”
Mr O’Toole said : “ Their music does not bother me .
It is their policy of avoiding tax that bothers me .
Bono talks about dead kids , but he wo n’t pay a penny towards it . ”
Mr O’Toole posed with a mock - up of a donation to the world 's poor in one hand and a large sack of unpaid tax in the other .
The DDCI is following it up with the launch of an “ international song contest ” inviting re-worded versions of U2 classics to highlight the band ’s stance on tax .
It is timed to coincide with the release of U2's new album No Line on the Horizon which goes on sale at midnight on Friday .
DDCI co-ordinator Nessa ní Chasaíde said the decision to holding the protest outside the department of Finance was to highlight the fact that U2’s tax avoidance measures deprives the Irish exchequer of taxation revenue that could be spent on development aid .
“ Bono has championed the call for increases in aid to impoverished countries , yet in his personal life he is engaged in tax avoidance issues and it is tax avoidance that is undermining the possibility of developing countries fighting their way out of poverty , ” she said .
“ The practice of being able to move your finances around easily and without high levels of transparency is extremely problematic for developing countries .
The kind of practice that U2 is engaging in is part of that problem . ”
Nobody from U2 was available for comment , but the band will defend their tax measures in an extensive interview to be published in this newspaper on Friday .
Feb. 9 , 2009  --
The grandmother of the California octuplets calls her daughter Nadya Suleman 's decision to impregnate herself again after giving birth to six children " really unconscionable " and says the 33 - year - old single mother has " no means to support " 14 children .
Angela Suleman said Sunday that she 's been housing and supporting her daughter Nadya Suleman and her six grandchildren by a previous in vitro fertilization procedure in a " cramped " apartment for years .
Watch Angela Suleman 's interview with Radaronline.com on " Good Morning America . "
Angela Suleman said that her daughter " spent a lot of money on toys " but never contributed rent or food money and failed to tell her mother about more than $ 167,000 that records show she received from worker 's compensation claims .
" I did hear that she received money from her insurance , '' Angela Suleman told Radaronline.com in an interview that was aired on " GMA . "
" She never told me .
But I 've never seen any money , not for house payments or for feeding the kids . "
Angela Suleman filed for bankruptcy in March 2008 , according to court documents .
" Unless [ Nadya ] starts working , earning money , I do n't know , she may have to go on welfare , which she said she never would do , '' her mother said .
Last week Nadya Suleman defended her biological decisions in an interview with NBC's Ann Curry , saying that they were a " gamble " she was willing to take .
Though Nadya Suleman said that she intends to return to school to complete a master 's degree in counseling this fall , she also told Curry that she loves her children " unconditionally " and will " stop my life for them and be present with them .
And hold them .
And be with them .
And how many parents do that ? "
An NBC representative has said the network did not pay for the Curry interview .
Angela Suleman said her daughter has given the octuplets biblical names , including one boy named Noah , according to Radaronline.com .
The birth of the octuplets last month has dominated news cycles for nearly two weeks , drawing a range of reaction from curiosity and concern to unambiguous condemnation , all of it animated .
Only one other woman in the United States has successfully given birth to eight children .
One of those babies later died .
Nadya Suleman had three miscarriages before the embryo implantation that produced the octuplets and has been prescribed antidepressants to deal with " powerful and uncontrollable emotions associated with her pregnancy , " according to state records reviewed by ABC News .
Joann Killeen , a spokeswoman for Suleman , said last week that the mother of 14 has been inundated with offers for book deals and business proposals like television programs , but has not decided on any one project yet .
" She 's the most sought - after mom in the world right now , " Killeen told NBC .
" Everyone wants to talk to her . "
' She Wanted ... to Write a Book "
Angela Suleman said her daughter sought out and chose for a sperm donor a " handsome young man ... with straight teeth , '' identified in records as David Solomon -- but apparently always planned to raise her brood alone .
" She always wanted to have a lot of children and she was telling people she wanted to have 12 and write a book and be a single mother at the same time , '' Angela Suleman said .
Questions remain about Solomon , the apparent sole sperm donor .
Nadya Suleman described him as a " friend " to Curry .
She said she hoped that their 14 children would someday be a part of his life .
Angela Suleman said she thinks that time is now .
" He must have really liked her a lot , been in love with her , " she said .
" How else would someone do this ?
Have his own children run around and not be a part of their life ?
Though she did say he would be part of their lives later .
But this is an important time and they should have a father now . "
Nadya Suleman married Marcos Guittierez in 1996 but the couple separated in 2000 .
They divorced last year and court records indicate no children were produced .
' That 's Enough '
When they learned of their daughter 's plans to seek a second in vitro fertilization procedure , Angela Suleman said she and her husband intervened with doctors .
" We said , ' She 's not marr[ied ] , she wants children and she really does not have any means to support them and she really should n't have more , that 's enough , ' " she said .
So , she said , Nadya Suleman 's original IVF doctor " did n't implant any more embryos and we 're thankful for that . "
" But she went somewhere else and someone else did , so now she has eight more , " Angela Suleman said .
" How she 's going to support them , I do n't know . "
Angela Suleman said her daughter was induced after 7 ½ months because one of the fetuses was so high up in her womb that it was cracking a rib and doctors were concerned the baby was n't getting enough oxygen .
Nadya Suleman has a 2006 degree in child and adolescent development from Cal State Fullerton , and as late as spring 2008 , she was studying for a master 's degree in counseling , a school representative said .
" She really has no idea what she 's doing to her children and to me , " Angela Suleman said .
Astronomical Child - Care Costs
The challenges of raising 14 children younger than 8 as a single mother are daunting .
Costs for the average delivery of a full - term pregnancy range from $ 9,000 to $ 25,000 , depending on whether the baby is delivered by Caesarean section or vaginally , experts told ABC News .
It remains unclear how Nadya Suleman plans to pay for the children 's upbringing .
Her mother told Radaronline.com that while she dearly loves her six grandchildren , she is at the end of her emotional and financial rope .
" I 'm really tired of taking care of those six , '' she said .
" I really need [ Nadya Suleman ] to think of what she 's going to do and how she 's going to provide for all these children . "
Angela Suleman and her husband live with their daughter and the six grandchildren in a " humble , three - bedroom home , ''' she said .
" We 're there all crowded in .
The master bedroom has a big bed and two little cribs and the other bedroom has one bed and one crib and there is one bedroom with bunk beds that I [ had ] gotten before , so it 's pretty crowded .
But [ the children ] are wonderful , beautiful children and I love them dearly .
I would never let anything happen to them , so I 'm taking care of them and I have been . "
" I do n't know what the future will bring , because , hopefully [ Nadya Suleman ] will get some living accommodations -- because it 's a really small house . "
Angela Suleman described her daughter as irresponsible with money and unresponsive to her retired mother 's financial needs .
" The house is full of toys , '' she said .
" My daughter has always spent a lot of money on toys and really not helping out with the children or the living arrangements -- never paid anything for rent .
Her sense of values is kind of strange because I 'm a retired teacher and I 'm living off money that I 'm making or have for my retirement money and it's not that much .
Teachers do n't get that much and I 'm spending a lot . ''
Workers Compensation and Depression
Records obtained by ABC News from the California Department of Industrial Relations show that Nadya Suleman received more than $ 167,000 in worker 's compensation after she injured her lower back during what was described in records as a " riot " at the Metropolitan State Hospital , a mental hospital in Norwalk , Calif. , where she worked from 1997 until November 2008 .
While she attempted to restrain a patient , another patient knocked a wooden desk onto her back , the records say .
She said her injuries were exacerbated by a 2001 auto accident and by her pregnancy .
She received disability payments until at least August 2008 .
Her employer stopped her payments in July 2001 , but she appealed to a workers ' compensation appeals board , which ruled in 2002 that she was , in fact , temporarily disabled , and the payments resumed .
Nadya Suleman became depressed as a result of the injury and was prescribed antidepressants , the records say .
Her depression was also due , in part , she said , to " the powerful and uncontrollable emotions associated with her pregnancy -- both the fear that it would end and her elation that it might be brought to fruition and she would realize her dream of having a child , " a psychologist wrote after evaluating her , according to the records , which were obtained through an open records request .
She told doctors that she had three miscarriages and found it " terrifying " when she learned she might be pregnant again .
Despite the challenges ahead , Angela Suleman told Curry that her determination and the master 's degree she 's working toward will carry the day .
Still , she said , she understands the public 's concern .
" I know I 'll be able to afford them when I 'm done with my schooling , " she said .
" If I was just sitting down watching TV and not being as determined as I am to succeed and provide a better future for my children , I believe that would be considered , to a certain degree , selfish . "
ABC News producers Scott Michels , Santina Leuci , Jim Vojtech , Sabina Ghebremedhin , Alice Gomstyn and ABC News Research contributed to this report .
Ubuntu founder Mark Shuttleworth revealed plans Friday for Ubuntu 9.10 , which will be codenamed Karmic Koala .
The developers plan to bring cloud capabilities to Ubuntu 's server edition , boost startup performance on the desktop , and continue work on the distro 's netbook flavor .
Ubuntu adheres to a time - based six - month release cycle .
The next major release — version 9.04 , codenamed Jaunty Jackalope — is moving towards feature freeze and is scheduled for launch in April .
Ubuntu 9.10 , which will be the next release after Jaunty , is planned for October .
The Ubuntu server edition , which was initially launched in 2005 , has been steadily gaining ground in the enterprise , but still lags in adoption behind competing offerings from Red Hat and Novell .
Canonical , the company behind Ubuntu , has been investing considerable effort into making Ubuntu a first - class server distro .
During the development cycle for Karmic , Canonical aims to strengthen the server edition by introducing enhanced support for cloud computing .
One plan is to create a set of standard Ubuntu server Amazon Machine Image ( AMI ) profiles that will provide a starting point for creating specialized images .
This will help to simplify deployment of Ubuntu on Amazon 's EC2 platform .
The developers also intend to integrate support for Eucalyptus , an open source framework for implementing a self - hosted elastic computing cluster .
The Eucalyptus project , which is developed by UCSB , will enable organizations to get many of the advantages of elastic computing in their own data centers , including the ability to scale down power consumption when load is low .
" A savvy Koala knows that the best way to conserve energy is to go to sleep , and these days even servers can suspend and resume , so imagine if we could make it possible to build a cloud computing facility that drops its energy use virtually to zero by napping in the midday heat , and waking up when there 's work to be done , " Shuttleworth wrote in a mailing list post .
" No need to drink at the energy fountain when there 's nothing going on .
If we get all of this right , our Koala will help take the edge off the bear market . "
Desktop and netbook plans
On the desktop , boot performance and beautification will be an area of focus .
The target boot time for Jaunty is 25 seconds , and Shuttleworth believes that this can be improved further for Karmic .
He also wants to explore ways to bring a smoother , flicker - free startup animation , potentially by adopting Red Hat 's Plymouth framework .
We could also finally see the inclusion of Ubuntu 's experimental face browser login screen .
Canonical has been investing a lot in design and usability , both upstream and in the distro .
Shuttleworth hints that Ubuntu might go beyond brown and get a new look for Karmic , but we are skeptical after hearing this for the past three development cycles .
The netbook remix is another area where the Ubuntu developers intend to continue pushing forward with improvements .
They will be integrating features from Intel 's Moblin platform in order to improve performance on Atom - based devices .
Planning for the Karmic release will take place at the next Ubuntu Developer Summit ( UDS ) which will take place in Barcelona in May .
For additional details about the event , check out Ubuntu community manager Jono Bacon 's blog entry .
83 at Corning Center infected with COVID -19
The Corning Center for Rehabilitation and Nursing is in the midst of a COVID - 19 outbreak - public health officials are n't sure of the source or cause .
As my grandfather was fond of saying : " it ’s time to fish or cut bait . "
As predicted here , the Obama administration intends to put a new Assault Weapons Ban ( AWB ) on the fast track .
Those of us who believe in the Constitution of the United States and our inherent right to protect ourselves , our families , and our property , will soon be forced to choose between our beliefs and support for a corrupt , liberty destroying government .
In short , in their eyes , we will become criminals .
Attorney General and race - baiter Eric Holder erroneously believes a new AWB would stop the flow of guns into the hands of drug smugglers in Mexico .
If he can ’t , with all the power of the state , stop the flow of drugs into this country , can he really believe an AWB would keep firearms out of the hands of millionaire drug cartels who have no regard whatsoever for the current laws ?
Mr. Holder cares not if criminals have guns ; he just wants to make damn sure those who love liberty are totally disarmed and unable to protect what little property they have left !
Soon we will hear from the state those who possess firearms are somehow latent racists .
Actually , James Wolcott , blogging at Vanity Fair , wrote the following :
" No wonder so many would - be Wolverines in the right blogs are talking about stocking up on assault rifles and ammo — they ’ve got ransackers running wild in their imaginations too .
I urge these people to confront their racial fears , … "
The coming economic storm created with the " bailout " mentality now infecting our elected morons and the lapdog media , which the Heritage Foundation predicts will bring on 85 — 95 percent confiscatory taxes visited on the producers in our society , obviously has those in power concerned .
The Obamatrons know that with that rate of taxation social order will disappear , and history proves masters prefer their slaves unarmed .
Glen Beck , who supported the huge growth in government under Dubya , is now claiming he has seen the chaos coming for years and openly discusses the breakdown of societal order and possible armed revolution , in the MSM .
Many in this nation have been preparing for such an event .
Firearm and ammunition sales are at an all time high , with many weapons that fall into the government ’s definition of assault weapon disappearing in availability and rising rapidly in price when available .
A friend in North Carolina phoned this weekend to tell me he waited in line for an hour to get into a local gun show .
Another friend in Tennessee had a similar story .
Most ammo and reloading supplies are in short supply nation wide .
My personal choice in " assault weapons , " the M1A SOCOM , has disappeared from Internet firearms auction sites and most gun shop racks .
The AR - 15 , M4 platform is seeing huge sales and similar lack of availability .
Many wonder out loud what those in the military will do , when , not if , the government moves to confiscate those nasty black guns from American citizens .
If they have taken the time to reflect on their oath of enlistment in which they swore to uphold and defend the Constitution , against all enemies , foreign and domestic , the answer should be obvious .
Any enemy of the Constitution should immediately become the enemy of those sworn to defend it .
Nowhere in the oath is a commitment to support the government .
Many also wonder if there will be a " defining " event that will precipitate the call for total confiscation , a false - flag operation or another mass public shooting of civilians , perhaps even children , by a mentally unstable individual , heavily into prescription drugs .
For several years I have been of the opinion there is no political answer to the coming unrest in this country and the subsequent move to seize firearms from the populace .
I have written often of my total lack of faith in the National Rifle Association ( NRA ) and their belief in " compromise " with the enemy as a means of retaining our God - given rights .
I have never understood why we beg from man ( the state ) for that which is already ours !
When the NRA ’s belief in compromise led them to promoting the growth of the state apparatus used to deny our 2A rights , ( BATFE ) my beliefs were confirmed .
While I once also supported Gun Owners of America , ( GOA ) and still believe them to be honest and sincere in their support for the 2A , I find their approach to be based on convincing politicians to do what is morally and constitutionally right .
We all should realize " that ai n’t gonna happen . "
Loving liberty will not be sufficient in the coming hard times .
Gun owners , constitutionalists , and believers in freedom are going to be faced with some life - changing decisions .
Again , to quote my grandfather , " we are going to be forced to put some wheels on our prayers . "
The Best of Michael Gaddy
By Ben Cohen
According to Republican Alan Keyes , President Obama is an abomination , a foreign born communist , and the end of America as we know it .
Keyes rant at a pro life fund raiser should hopefully spell the end of his pointless career as a lackey for religious extremism .
I used to think that Keyes was just an unpleasant asshole , but it 's fairly clear the man is insane :
I 'm wondering more as to why Christians say it .
I 'm pretty sure theres something blasphemous about believing your soul is coming out of your nose when you sneeze , which is where it came from for people to actually say ' bless you ' when someone sneezes .
With so much uncertainty , some investors are abandoning banking shares , fearing shareholders will be wiped out if the government seizes control .
The worry , investors say , is that Washington is running out of time and options .
“ Banks live on confidence , and there is precious little coming from the new Treasury secretary , ” said Gary B. Townsend , a former federal banking regulator who runs his own investment firm , referring to Timothy F. Geithner .
“ We are getting only confusion . ”
Bank of America and Citigroup , both of which have received tens of billions of dollars in government aid , bore the brunt of the selling on Friday .
Bank of America sank 14 cents , to $ 3.79 , while Citigroup fell 56 cents , to $ 1.95 , although both rallied in after - hours trading .
The decline capped the stock market ’s worst week since November , when Citigroup confronted a crisis of confidence that eventually compelled it to reach for a second financial lifeline from Washington .
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 100.28 points , to 7,365.67 Friday .
Bankers were hoping the government would clarify its intentions .
But several said that senior administration officials with whom they had been in regular contact had not spoken to them in days .
Others fear a further , rapid market decline might force the government to act , although banking regulators insist the daily gyrations of the stock market will not force their hand .
Instead , officials are focusing on whether bank customers are withdrawing money or lenders are struggling to finance themselves with short - term borrowing .
So far , there have been no such warning signs .
One piece of the administration ’s plan — a new “ stress test ” for the nation ’s banks — could become clearer next week .
Regulators are preparing to apply the test to assess the health of 20 or so large banks , and are expected to provide more details about the process on Wednesday .
By JAMES SLACK
Last updated at 17:37 15 November 2007
Travellers face price hikes and confusion after the Government unveiled plans to take up to 53 pieces of information from anyone entering or leaving Britain .
For every journey , security officials will want credit card details , holiday contact numbers , travel plans , email addresses , car numbers and even any previous missed flights .
Scroll down for more ...
The information , taken when a ticket is bought , will be shared among police , customs , immigration and the security services for at least 24 hours before a journey is due to take place .
Anybody about whom the authorities are dubious can be turned away when they arrive at the airport or station with their baggage .
Those with outstanding court fines , such as a speeding penalty , could also be barred from leaving the country , even if they pose no security risk .
The information required under the " e- borders " system was revealed as Gordon Brown announced plans to tighten security at shopping centres , airports and ports .
This could mean additional screening of baggage and passenger searches , with resulting delays for travellers .
The e-borders scheme is expected to cost at least £ 1.2 billion over the next decade .
Travel companies , which will run up a bill of £ 20 million a year compiling the information , will pass on the cost to customers via ticket prices , and the Government is considering introducing its own charge on travellers to recoup costs .
Scroll down for more ...
Critics warned of mayhem at ports and airports when the system is introduced , beginning in earnest from mid-2009 .
By 2014 every one of the predicted 305 million passenger journeys in and out of the UK will be logged , with details stored about the passenger on every trip .
The scheme will apply to every way of leaving the country , whether by ferry , plane , or small aircraft .
It would apply to a family having a day out in France by Eurotunnel , and even to a yachtsman leaving British waters during the day and returning to shore .
The measure applies equally to UK residents going abroad and foreigners travelling here .
The information will be stored for as long as the authorities believe it is useful , allowing them to build a complete picture of where a person has been over their lifetime , how they paid and the contact numbers of who they stayed with .
The Home Office , which yesterday signed a contract with U.S. company Raytheon Systems to run the computer system , said e-borders would help to keep terrorists and illegal immigrants out of the country .
For the first time since embarkation controls were scrapped in 1998 , they will also have a more accurate picture of who is in the UK at any one time .
The personal information stored about every journey could prove vital in detecting a planned atrocity , officials insist .
But the majority - around 60 per cent - of the journeys logged will be made by Britons , mostly going on family holidays or business trips .
Ministers are also considering the creation of a list of " disruptive " passengers , so that authorities know in advance of any potential troublemaker , such as an abusive drunk .
David Marshall of the Association of British Travel Agents said : " We are staggered at the projected costs .
" It could also act as a disincentive to people wanting to travel , and we are sure that is not what the Government intends . "
Phil Booth , of the NO2ID group , warned travellers would pay a " stealth tax " on travel to pay for the scheme .
He added : " This is a huge and utterly ridiculous quantity of personal information .
This type of profiling will throw up many distressing errors and problems for innocent people .
" We have already seen planes turned around mid-flight because a passenger 's surname matches that of somebody on a watch list .
" When the Government talks about e-borders , it gives the impression it is about keeping bad people out .
In fact , it is a huge grab of personal information , and another move towards the database state . "
A pilot of the " e- borders " technology , known as Project Semaphore , has already screened 29 million passengers .
Immigration Minister Liam Byrne said : " Successful trials of the new system have already led to more than 1,000 criminals being caught and more than 15,000 people of concern being checked out by immigration , customs or the police . "
But Nick Clegg , Liberal Democrat Home Affairs spokesman , said : " The Government must not use legitimate fears or dangers to crop vast amounts of private information without proper safeguards . "
John Tincey , of the Immigration Service Union , said : " The question is are there going to be the staff to respond to the information that is produced ?
" In reality people could be missed .
Potential terrorists could be coming through if there are not enough staff to check them . "
Shadow Home Secretary David Davis said : " While e-borders could be a useful tool to secure our borders it will not be up and running for at least another seven years .
" And given the Government 's woeful record on delivering IT based projects , it may well be over budget and over time .
" In the meantime our borders remain porous .
The Government should take practical measures to secure our borders , such as answering our call to establish a dedicated UK border police force . "
• Restrictions on hand luggage carried on to passenger planes will be lifted from January .
" Starting with several airports in the New Year , we will work with airport operators to ensure all UK airports are in a position to allow passengers to fly with more than one item of hand luggage , " Gordon Brown said .
The single bag rule was introduced in August last year after police said they foiled a plot to blow up U.S. - bound airliners .
It caused chaos at Heathrow Airport and drew complaints from airlines .
Restrictions on carrying liquids are expected to continue .
LONG BEACH , California – Author Elizabeth Gilbert , famous for her bestseller Eat , Pray , Love , suggested Thursday that we kill geniuses by demanding super - human powers from them .
The problem , she says , lies in how we attribute the qualities of geniusness .
Instead of seeing the individual as a genius , we should view the brilliance as a gift from an unknowable outside source – some might call it a muse , others a fairy or god force – that visits us on occasion to participate in an act of creation , and then leaves to help someone else .
Gilbert was referring primarily to those in the arts , but her talk applied to anyone who creates something sublime , whether it's a painting in the Sistine Chapel or a quantum equation .
Gilbert received a full standing ovation for her talk from an audience of people who generally do n't give in to beliefs about muses , fairies and god forces .
So let me back up to explain how she reached this point .
Gilbert achieved unexpected attention when her book was published a couple of years ago .
And this was all very nice , except , since then , everyone has been wondering how she 'll ever top her achievement , as if it 's all downhill from here .
" Everywhere I go now people treat me like I 'm doomed , " she said .
She thought about how creative people have a reputation for being mentally unstable , which she attributes to pressure to perform and live up to expectations for brilliance from themselves as well as the world .
She looked at other societies to see how they regard this pressure on artists and found an answer in ancient Greece and Rome .
In these places , people did n't believe that creativity came from inside .
They believed it was an attentive spirit that came to someone from a distant , unknowable source , she said .
" [ It was ] a magical divine entity that was believed to live literally in the walls of an artist 's studio and would come out and invisibly assist the artist with the work and shape the outcome of the work , " she said .
This view served the artist 's mental health , she suggested , because by attributing the artist 's talent to an outside force , the artist was relieved of some of the pressure to perform , and was not narcissistic .
If an artist 's work was brilliant , the outside force got the credit .
All that changed with the Renaissance when mysticism was replaced by a belief that creativity came from the self .
For the first time , people started referring to an artist as being a genius rather than having a genius .
" Allowing somebody ... to believe that he or she is ... the essence and the source of all divine , creative , unknowable , internal mystery is just like a smidge of too much responsibility to put on one fragile human psyche , " she said .
" It 's like asking somebody to swallow the sun .
It just completely warps and distorts egos , and it creates all of these unnatural expectations about performance .
I think the pressure of that has been killing off our artists for the last 500 years . "
She acknowledged that there were people in the rational - minded audience ( which was filled with scientists ) who would balk at the idea of creativity as a kind of " mystical fairy juice " that 's bestowed on someone .
But she said it made as much sense as anything ever posited to explain the " utter , maddening , capriciousness of the creative process . "
( As a side note , a good book on the creative process edited by Brewster Ghiselin includes contributions from mathematicians and other rational - minded scientists , who talk about their creativity as a force that comes to them in dreams and other unexpected moments to inspire them . )
So what 's Gilbert getting at ?
She relayed a story that musician Tom Waits told her years ago .
One day he was driving on a Los Angeles freeway when a fragment of a melody popped into his head .
He looked around for something to capture the tune – a pencil or pen – but had nothing to record it .
He started to panic that he'd lose the melody and be haunted by it forever and his talent would be gone .
In the midst of this anxiety attack , he suddenly stopped , looked at the sky , and said to whatever force it was that was trying to create itself through the melody , " Excuse me .
Can you not see I 'm driving ?
Do I look like I can write down a song right now ?
If you really want to exist , come back at a more opportune moment ... otherwise go bother somebody else today .
Go bother Leonard Cohen . "
Waits said his creative process , and the heavy anxiety that permeated it , changed that day .
In releasing the creative force , he realized that creativity " could be a peculiar , wondrous , bizarre collaboration and conversation between Tom and the strange external genius that was not Tom , " Gilbert said .
She recalled his story when she was in the midst of writing Eat , Pray Love and fell into a pit of despair when she felt blocked .
She said aloud to whatever entity it was that usually helped her but was on furlough that day that if the book did n't turn out to be good it was n't going to be entirely her fault since she was putting everything she had into the project .
" So if you want [ the book ] to be better , then you 've got to show up and do your part of the deal , " she told it .
" But I 'll keep writing anyway , because that 's my job .
And I 'd like the record to report today that I showed up . "
The audience applauded .
Then she went on to describe how centuries ago in the deserts of North Africa , people used to get together for moonlight dances celebrating sacred entities that would go on for hours and hours .
Every once in a while , very rarely , something would happen and one of the performers would be imbued with something transcendent .
" And I know you know what I 'm talking about , " she said .
" Because I know you 've all seen at some point in your life a performance like this . "
It 's as if time stopped , and the dancer stepped through a portal .
He was n't doing anything different than he'd done a thousand times before , but for some reason everything was aligned and he no longer appeared to just move .
Instead , he seemed to be lifted from within and below .
" And when this happened , people knew it for what it was , " she said .
" They called it by its name .
They 'd put their hands together and would start to chant Allah , Allah .
' God , God . ' "
As an aside , she noted that when the Moors invaded southern Spain they brought this custom with them , but the pronunciation changed over the centuries from chanting Allah , Allah , Allah to chanting Ole , Ole , Ole , which is now heard at bullfights and flamenco dances when a performer does something incredible .
So what does all this mean for Gilbert ?
" If you never happen to believe in the first place that the most extraordinary aspects of your being [ were created by you ] , " she said , you 'd be better off .
" Maybe if you just believe that they were on loan to you from some unimaginable source for some exquisite portion of your life , which you pass along when you 're finished to somebody else , " it would change everything .
She acknowledged that in her story of the North African dancer , there 's still a moment of letdown the morning after the dance when the dancer wakes up and discovers it 's Tuesday .
He 's back to being an aging mortal with really bad knees wondering if he 'll ever experience a transcendent moment again .
Nonetheless , when she now feels pressure to produce she just tells herself to forge ahead and do her part and let go of the expectation that it has to be brilliant .
" Just do your job , " she told the audience .
" Continue to show up for your piece of it .
If your job is to dance , then do your dance .
If the divine , cockeyed genius assigned to your case decides to let some sort of wonderment be glimpsed for just one moment for your efforts , then Ole .
And if not , do your dance anyhow .
Ole to you , nonetheless , just for having the sheer human love and stubbornness to keep showing up . "
Photo : TED / Asa Mathat
See Other TED 2009 Coverage :
( CNET ) -- Yahoo and Intel built their success upon widespread use of personal computers , but the two companies hope products to be shown at next week 's Consumer Electronics
Show will mark the beginning of their Internet - fueled expansion to the world of TV as well .
Yahoo and Intel hope next week 's CES show will mark the beginning of their expansion to the world of TV .
The two companies have attracted several significant manufacturing and content allies in the attempt to bring new smarts and interactivity to a part of the electronics world that has remained a more passive part of people 's digital lives .
Intel and Yahoo showed off Net - enabled TV prototypes in August , but the companies ' technology will be presented in more finished form at the electronics show within products by Samsung , Toshiba , and a number of new partners that have signed on since the debut .
What exactly are they trying to achieve ?
For Yahoo , it 's establishment of the Widget Channel , a software foundation that can house programs for browsing photos , using the Internet 's abundant socially connected services , watching YouTube videos , or digging deeper into TV shows -- and through which Yahoo will be able to show advertisements .
For Intel , it 's a foothold in an industry whose microprocessors have typically been cheaper , less powerful , and less power - hungry .
Yahoo is confident the products will catch on , in part because it 's set " very low " licensing requirements , said Patrick Barry , vice president of Yahoo's Connected TV initiative .
" We do not see it as a niche offering in a few high - end models .
We see this as moving into the mainstream .
In 2009 we 're going to see good penetration into the product lineups of the consumer electronics companies , " Barry said .
" Beginning in 2010 , I think , you 're going to see Internet - connected consumer electronics devices dominating the lineup . "
But for both companies , TVs are terra incognita .
" We emerged from the ocean of the PC , " Barry said .
An anthropologist 's view
Despite years of effort , the idea to put media - centric PCs in the living room has n't caught on widely .
But Intel , stung by its poorly received Viiv brand , has been taking the challenge seriously .
It even dispatched its top anthropologist -- yes , the chipmaker employs anthropologists -- to carefully study how people use TVs .
In other words , Intel is trying to adapt to reality , not foist its ideas on an unwilling market .
Some people like to watch TV , but anthropologist Genevieve Bell , director of user experience for Intel , likes to watch people watching TV .
Specifically , Intel concluded that unlike the PC , TVs are social .
People watch it together , and what they watch turns into what they talk about .
Another difference from PCs : it must be simple and reliable , she said .
When bringing the Internet to the TV , " You could n't just turn it into a PC , " she said .
And it 's pretty obvious why those not in the TV market would be angling for a piece of the action .
People in the U.S. spend about 5 times more time watching TV than using a computer , Bell said .
Globally , it 's a factor of 25 ; unusually , the TV and PC time is at parity in Israel , perhaps because of communication habits , she added .
More ads
For decades , people have been accustomed to advertising - supported television .
The Widget Channel technology opens up some new horizons for Yahoo , though Barry said the company is n't going to rush to plaster sponsorships over the new interface .
" We have a lot of support from the advertising community , but we 're focused on the consumer now , " Barry said .
" What you 'll see initially is us trying to fall all over ourselves trying to make the consumer happy .
The advertisers understand that . "
He would n't comment on when advertising will be launched with the technology .
Although Yahoo will eventually show ads , it wo n't have a lock on them .
Barry said : " We are not going to be locking down anything from a walled garden perspective , including monetization .
We get a nice advantage , knowing the ins and outs , but we will not limit the platform to being addressable by us . "
There are many opportunities for ads , including the dock that can be shown across the bottom of the TV screen and in pages that fill the screen .
The Widget Channel technology is based on the Widget Engine software Yahoo got in 2005 with its acquisition of Konfabulator , and it lets programmers write a wide variety of applications .
Course corrections
Intel learned from initial testing of the TV technology , Bell said .
For one thing , the company found that people did n't like the Widget Channel controls appearing on the left edge of the screen , one option the companies had demonstrated .
Instead , people prefer the bottom , where they 're accustomed to seeing text already .
For another , she said , people expressed a powerful desire for a big button to make the software go away in one fell swoop -- no menus or arrow keys or complication -- so they could get back to watching TV when they wanted .
That big button is also used to activate the Widget Channel .
And nobody wanted yet another remote control .
To help chart its long - term course , Intel gauged consumer sentiment in part by asking what people thought the future of TV would look like .
People 's answers generally fit into a few categories :
• Something that would provide relevant information in real time , such as the weather right before heading to a sporting event .
• Something that would connect them to other people they care about , a variation of social networking .
• Something that would let them participate more with what they 're watching , for example by figuring out where a show 's cast members already had acted , or finding , rating , and sorting content .
Few , though , wanted a full - on Web browser , nor a keyboard to clutter up the room .
Yahoo sees the same fallow ground as Intel in the market .
TV innovations that have succeeded focused on screen size , image fidelity , and flat - screen technology , Barry said .
" But the consumer electronics industry has not really explored the ... connectivity that the Internet provides . "
© 2009 CBS Interactive Inc .
All rights reserved .
CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc .
Used by permission .
TPM Reader BH gets it right :
Regarding Jindal ’s speech last night , I am seeing a fair amount of negative comments on the delivery .
While the delivery was atrocious – really atrocious – I think this misses the more important problem .
Admittedly I was also struggling to get past the “ Kenneth the Page ” thing , but what really struck me was the poor substance of the speech .
To my ear , it sounded like a complete rehash of the Republican talking points we have been hearing since Reagan .
It might be true that Jindal is a smart , honest guy and that he really believes excessive government is the problem , but Republicans just do n’t have any credibility with this argument right now .
Unfortunately for Jindal ( and the country ) , Republicans used that same argument for decades while the intrusiveness of our government and the country ’s deficits continued to grow at unprecedented rates .
His party used the same arguments while they happily used the government to transfer obscene amounts of public wealth to a small sliver of the population and completely trash our economy .
Simply put , his party has been the one controlling our government for a long , long time .
The problem is n’t government , it ’s Republican government – and everyone knows it .
The United States spent at least $ US52 billion ( $ 77 billion ) on nuclear - related programs last year , most of it to maintain and refurbish its arsenal of nuclear weapons , a report has said .
The report by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace said the estimate was pieced together from publicly available documents because the Government does not track overall spending on nuclear - related programs .
" Total appropriations for nuclear weapons and weapons - related programs in fiscal year 2008 were at least $ US52.4 billion , according to the best available data , " the report said .
It said the Defence Department 's costs of deploying and maintaining nuclear weapons was a partial estimate , and therefore the figure may be too low .
Even so , the report said , it was far larger than most officials would acknowledge .
" About 55.5 per cent [ $ US29.1 billion ] of all nuclear expenses go toward upgrading , operating , and sustaining the US nuclear arsenal , " the report said .
" These costs will increase significantly if the Doe 's [ Department of Energy 's ] proposals to rebuild the nuclear weapons production complex and resume the production of nuclear weapons are approved and funded , " it said .
The cost of sustaining the US nuclear arsenal by itself was an estimated $ US5 billion dollars , the report said .
By comparison , $ US5.2 billion ( 9.9 per cent of the total ) was devoted to preventing the spread and use of nuclear weapons and nuclear technology in fiscal 2008 , it said .
Threat reduction programs do not require the same level of spending as maintaining nuclear forces , the report acknowledged .
But it said the disparity in the spending priorities " sends a message to the rest of the world that the United States considers preserving and enhancing its nuclear options more important than preventing nuclear proliferation . "
-AFP
